I arrived early in order that I might not miss anything.
我到得很早，以免错过什么。
might not miss:可能不会错过
Make your article easy to read and do not abbreviate words.
因为你要为曾经的“缩写”做出补偿！
do not abbreviate:不要缩短
To accomplish first-class businesses, he can not but abdicate happiness, travels, entertainments, love and hatred, quarrels, arguments and clarifications.
为了完成第一流的事，他必须放弃或减少凡夫俗子的快乐、交游、娱乐、爱恨、争执、答辩与澄清。
can not but:不能但
Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.
香品是我所憎恶的。月朔，和安息日，并宣召的大会，也是我所憎恶的。
can not away:不能离开
Floats in satin and sateen fabrics tend to snag and abrade easily, thus, such fabrics are not as durable as plain or twill weave fabrics.
缎纹织物中的浮长线容易磨损、起毛或纤维被勾出。因此，这类织物的强度低于平纹织物和斜纹织物。
are not as:不象
Do not use acid or the cleaner that has abrade effect, steel wire is brushed come "torment" faucet (the flower is aspersed).
切勿用酸性的或具研磨作用的清洁剂、钢丝刷来“折磨”水龙头（花洒）。
Do not use:不使用
The F - 117, developed in great secrecy in the 1970s, began service in 1983 .While not completely invisible to radar, its shape and radar - absorbent coating made detection extremely difficult.
美国的F-117战机在1970年代开始秘密研制，1983年开始服役。它的外形与可吸收雷达波的涂层让它极难被发现。
While not completely:虽然并非完全
While not completely invisible to radar, its shape and radar- absorbent coating made detection extremely difficult.
它的外形与可吸收雷达波的涂层让它极难被发现。
While not completely:虽然并非完全
These microorganisms assist us in absorbing nutrients from our food and also occupy valuable real estate so that pathogens cannot proliferate and make us sick.
这些微生物能帮助我们从食物中吸收营养，同时占据有用的领地防止病原体的扩散，从而破坏我们的身体。
can not proliferate:不能扩散
For these teens, there are many reasons for abstinence (not having sex).
对这些青少年来说，禁欲有许多原因。
not having:没有
A teenager comes tothe office for treatment of anxiety neurosis; it soon becomes obvious that itis not so much the teenager who is sick as his family, with an abusive fatherand alcoholic mother.
一名少女来办公室治疗焦虑症，很快这件事变得明显，因为一个年轻人，厌恶有虐待的父亲和饮酒的母亲的家庭，是如此之少。
itis not so:不是这样
But the path from innate talent to wealth, fame and universal acclaim was not entirely straightforward.
但是从天赋英才到财富、名望和举世赞誉之间的道路依然是曲折的。
was not entirely straightforward:并非完全简单
It may take them time to acclimatize and adapt, and local food might not suit their tastes.
他们要花时间适应那里的生活，包括饮食。
might not suit:可能不适合
The accusation led to a rupture of the company ’s relationship with China and a decision by Google not to cooperate with China’s censorship demands.
这种指责最终导致了谷歌公司与中国关系的破裂以及谷歌公司拒绝与中国网络审查要求合作的决定。
Google not to:不向谷歌
RESULTS: Hus could res train writhing reaction caused by acetic acid glacial, lighten the pain caused by hot - plate, and it did not show any reactions of acute toxicity.
观察最大浓度药液对小鼠的急性毒性反应。结果：虎参痛风丸能显著抑制小鼠冰醋酸所致的扭体反应、减轻热板刺激所致的疼痛；
did not show:没有显示
In synchronous mode, transactions on the primary server will not commit until it receives an acknowledgement from the HDR secondary server.
在同步模式下，只有接收到来自HDR备用服务器的确认，主服务器才会提交事务。
will not commit:不会作出承诺
But after Sept. 11, he reverted to the partner language, realizing he needed Beijing ’s acquiescence, if not support, for the wars he planned to launch in Iraq and Afghanistan.
但是911过后，他回到了伙伴的用词上。因为意识到为了他将在伊拉克和阿富汗发动的战争，他需要得到北京的支持或者默许。
if not support:如果不支持
These additional nodes and servers do not have to be started until needed.
可以在需要时再启动这些额外的节点和服务器。
do not have:没有
If you are not the addressee you may not copy, forward, disclose or use any part of it.
这一个信息包含有特权的和机密的数据有意的只有对于在上面被命名的收件人的使用。
are not the:不是
Contact your network administrator if you do not have this information.
如果需要相关信息，请联系您的网络管理员。
do not have:没有
And so while the defective gene may be there at birth, its effect does not show up until many years into one ’s life, post adolescence in young adulthood.
再加上人一出生时就带有这种有缺陷的基因，因此它的症状往往要潜伏数年，直到年轻人的后青春期时代才会发作。
does not show:不显示
You are not going to be able to avoid paying a lot for your wedding, but you can take steps to find affordable wedding dresses.
你可能打算避免为你的婚纱礼服发费一笔钱，如果这样，你就有必要采取一些措施，找到一个实惠的婚纱礼服。
are not going:他们不会去
Normally I do not finish working until afternoon tea, but yesterday I was all done and dusted after lunch.
通常我要到喝下午茶以后才干完工作，可昨天我午饭后就干完了。
do not finish:不要完成
It is rare, though not unheard of, to have an earthquake followed by a larger aftershock.
但余震震级大于主震，这实属罕见，虽然之前也听说过。
though not unheard:尽管没有听见
The 3,000 turned out to be older than the age they had reported. Of those, 2,000 who exceeded the maximum age limit for their event events will not be allowed to participate in any event next year.
发现有3000人的实际年龄大于他们申报的年龄，其中有2000人的年龄已经超过他们所参加项目规定的上限，他们将被禁止参加明年的所有比赛。
will not be:将不会
Georgia did not raise the age of consent from 10 to 14 until 1918.
佐治亚州直到1918年才将法定婚龄从10岁改为14岁。
did not raise:没有提议
Most doctors will not perform sex reassignment surgery until the age of consent, 18.
大部分医生只在患者达到法定年龄18岁时，才会对其实施性别重塑手术。
will not perform:不会执行
Some separate projects provide such an aggregate search, but they have various levels of usefulness, and there is no reason not to roll your own.
一些独立的项目提供了一种聚合搜索，但是其实用性分为多个级别，因此，完全有理由实现自己的搜索。
not reason not to:没有理由不
Finally, airflow must not be restricted. Leave space between the food containers and the walls of the storage area.
最后，在储藏容器和储藏室墙壁之间留有一定的距离，以便空气流通。
must not be:不得
It is essential for these tests to be preceded by lightning current with standing tests, with the air of proving that the air terminal is not perishable and works after numerous lightning discharges.
而任何一支避雷针在此测试之前还必须先作承受大电流冲出试验以证明避雷针在经过一连串电击放电后仍能维持在正常工作。
is not perishable:不可灭亡
In some way or ot IT we are not part of a single, all - embracing psyche, a single "greatest man ".
在某种意义上，咱们从属于一个涵盖一切的单一心灵、从属于一个单一的“总体人”。
are not part:不属于
The nurse will not allow the boy up until his leg is better.
护士要在小男孩的腿好些时才让他下床。
will not allow:不允许
Relatively high oil prices in recent years have enabled Iran to amass some USD 30 billion in foreign exchange reserves, but have not eased economic hardships such as high unemployment and inflation.
近年来高额的石油价格使伊朗积聚了300亿美元的外汇储备，但是仍足以缓解伊朗的经济困境，诸如高失业率和通货膨胀。
have not eased:没有缓解
But ambiguity need not be restricted to conditions of one variable.
但是对于某个变量的条件产生的模糊性是应该限制的。
need not be restricted:不需要限制
But with BIOSWISS'Active Care system and intensive moisturizing ampoule treatments, this is not a problem.
但是用柏奥丝活性日间护理和全天候6安瓿修复护理，这些困难的问题就能迎刃而解！
is not a problem:不是一个问题
And when the anchorman was not in front of the camera, there was a good chance he was on his boat.
当主持人在镜头前，有一个很好的机会，他在他的船。
was not in:没有
Although it is not long before the Korean star ChaeRim begins her acting career, she quickly becomes the most popular Korean female star in 2000 by way of starringFall in love with Anchorwoman.
对韩国明星蔡琳来说，虽然她的演绎事业才刚刚开始，但她却以主演了《爱上女主播》而火速成为2000年度韩国最受欢迎的女星。
is not long:不长
For elective surgery, patients are rarely admitted more than 24 hours in advance and may not be seen by the anesthetist until the evening prior to surgery.
对于选择性手术，病人很少在24小时前入院，因而有可能在手术前晚麻醉医生才有机会看到病人。
may not be:可能不是
That year he also signed a massive increase in farm subsidies so as not to antagonise farm - state congressmen facing election that autumn.
同年，他还签署了一项大量增加农业补贴的法案，以帮助那些以农业为主的州的国会议员们度过秋天的选举。
as not to antagonise:以避免敌对
That year he also signed a massive increase in farm subsidies so as not to antagonise farm-state congressmen facing election that autumn.
同年，为了在秋季的国会选举中争取农业地区的支持，他大幅度地增加了农业补贴。
as not to antagonise:以避免敌对
In Ms Holt's case, her condition was not diagnosed until she had reached “a psychotic state ”, triggered by an anti- depressant that, she says, turned out to be like “jet fuel ”.
霍特女士的情形是，直到某种作用据说类似“航空燃油”的抗抑郁药导致她达到“精神病状态”，她的病情才得到确诊。
was not diagnosed:未被诊断
And, last but not least, Breivik is antisemitic but pro- Israel, as the state of Israel is the first line of defence against the Muslim expansion – he even wants to see the Jerusalem temple rebuilt.
最后并且同样重要的一点，布雷维克是反犹主义的亲以色列分子，因为以色列是抵御穆斯林扩张的第一线——他甚至想看耶路撒冷圣殿被重建。
but not least:但不亚于
"With the loss of personal identity and the feeling that they are not identifiable, they lose their social responsibility and engage in antisocial behaviours ," says Fishbach.
随之而来的是个性化特征和自我感觉的消失，这时候他们便会放弃了本来的社会责任感而加入反社会的行动。
are not identifiable:无法辨识
NOTE: Symptoms of anxiety may not appear for weeks or even months after an earthquake, and can affect people of any age.
注意 ：焦虑症状可能在地震的数周或数月后出现，并且对任何年龄的人群都可能造成影响。
may not appear:不能出现
But even then, it took a decade to phase them out. So it was not until 2005, more than half a century after protection began, that trade in textiles and apparel was finally liberalized.
但即使如此，这种保护又经过十年才寿终正寝，也就是直到2005年，在保护主义实施了半个多世纪之后，纺织与服装业的贸易最终实现了自由化。
was not until:直到
Kent provides us with his experience in an elegant and concise format (the entire book, with appendices, is 156 pages). He does not give rules, but gives values, principles, and rules of thumb
Kent以优雅简洁的方式为我们分享了他的经验（全书加附录共156页）。
does not give rules:不提供规则
A poke, a prod, a wince and some colourful language (mine not his) and appendicitis is the chief suspect.
一番按、摸、拧和询问之后，他怀疑我得了盲肠炎。
mine not his:我的不是他的
I have wished to know why the stars shine .And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved.
我怀着同样的激情去寻找知识，我曾渴望着理解人心，我曾渴望知道为何星星会闪烁，我还企图弄懂毕达哥拉斯所谓的用数字控制变化的力量，但在这方面，我只知道一点点。
but not much:但不多
There is not a culture on Earth that does not have it, and our brains are wired to apprehend and be moved by its magic.
地球上所有的文明都包含音乐，我们的大脑能够理解它并被它的魔力感动。
is not a:不是
And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved.
我怀着同样的激情去寻找知识，我曾渴望着理解人心，我曾渴望知道为何星星会闪烁，我还企图弄懂毕达哥拉斯所谓的用数字控制变化的力量，但在这方面，我只知道一点点。
but not much:但不多
Another example: Only the president can negotiate treaties, but treaties cannot be put into effect unless approved by two-thirds of the Senate.
再例如：只有总统能够谈判签订条约，但条约必须经过参议院三分之二多数的批准才能生效。
can not be:不能是
"They were from Iberia, not Siberia ," Stanford told startled colleagues at an archeology conference last month.
西伯利亚。”在上个月的考古学大会上史丹福是这样告诉他吃惊的同行的。
, not Siberia:,而不是西伯利亚
As often as not, large portions of such efforts are later contradicted by archival research.
通常，大部分此类努力都被后来针对存档档案所作的研究推翻。
as not ,:如不,
Remember that God sets us to our (His) tasks, and we dare not presume to arrogate any tasks to ourselves apart from Him.
记住是神给我们分配任务，我们怎敢离开神自立门户。
dare not presume:不敢推测
People suffering from lack of oxygen should be moved to fresh air. If the victim is not breathing, administer artificial respiration.
必须把缺氧的人转移到有新鲜空气的地方。如果受害者停止了呼吸，进行人工呼吸。
is not breathing:不呼吸
In the judges ’ eyes, however, the film was just not artsy enough.
但在评委眼中，该片在艺术上还欠些火候。
just not artsy:只是不是艺术品
Slowed only slightly, I continued my rapid ascent, not stopping until the fingers of my right hand were two knuckles deep into the pulley.
只减慢了一点点速度，我还是继续快速上升，直到我的右手手指卷进滑轮两指节深才停下来。
, not stopping:,不停止
The town, which is represented by a Republican congresswoman, a Republican state senator and a Republican assemblywoman, is not easily caricatured as a liberal enclave.
棕榈泉走出过一位共和党国会女议员、一位共和党州参议院议员和一位共和党众议院女议员，很难被夸张描绘成一块”自由飞地”。
is not easily:不是很容易的
Fullerton's resoluteness in remaining an intolerable little asshole in the face of her life- threatening illness has not gone unnoticed by her classmates.
富尔顿面对致命疾病时坚决保持小混蛋本色的态度引得了同学们的注目。
has not gone unnoticed:没有被忽视
Despite fascination with the world, the Chinese do not assimilate easily.
尽管对世界感到着迷，中国人却很难同化。
do not assimilate easily:不能轻易地同化
In fact, there are more likely to be disadvantages and problems from wearing shoes than not wearing them - among them, deformation caused by a poor fit, ingrown toenails, and athlete's foot.
其实，穿鞋带来的麻烦可能比赤脚更多。比方说，穿鞋可能导致脚部变形，脚趾向内生长以及脚癣。
than not wearing:而不是不穿
Atishoo! Oh, not again! This is my third cold this winter.
啊嚏！够啦！这是我今年冬天第三次感冒了。
, not again:,不再
"There's not a question that the atmospherics of Microsoft are much more different that they were a decade ago, "he said.
他说，“很明显，现在微软的情况和十年前已经大相径庭。
's not a question:这不是一个问题
Invention of any kind is a muscular activity, one that requires constant use in order not to atrophy.
任何类型的发明都是肌肉运动，需要我们持续的使用才能避免萎缩。
order not to:不许
Bulgaria took the offensive and conquered the city of Pirot, when the Austro- Hungarian Empire stepped in and threatened to join the Serbians if Bulgaria did not step down.
保加利亚展开进攻并占领皮罗市。最后当时的奥匈帝国出面，迫使保加利亚撤军。
did not step:未踏步
A joy that cannot ever be matched, he says, by a sort hop to the local Miracle Mart just beyond Euclid Ave.
他说，那种喜悦远远超过了去逛欧几里德大街那边的当地奇幻超市的快乐。
can not ever:永远不能
It sounds like she is possessive over you so if there are aver any other children added to your family she may not take kindly to that and could harm that child as well.
听上去，你女儿觉得你是属于她一个人的，因此，如果有其他孩子加入到你的家庭里来，她也会伤害那个孩子的。
may not take kindly:可能不友好地接受
Insurance companies depend on a mix of clients: they need a certain number of healthy individuals (low- risk) to pay premiums and not use a lot of services so that the premium prices can average out.
保险公司要维持运作，必须依赖某种特定的客户搭配：他们需要一定的健康人群（低风险）来支付保险费，这类人实际很少需要补偿，由此保险费可以在客户间分摊。
and not use a lot of:不使用太多的
He was not aware of her presence till she spoke to him.
直到她开口对他说话他才意识到她在面前。
was not aware:不知道
Is there any way for a cyclist, especially one from a vertical metropolis, not to be awestruck by northern Montana?
尤其对于我这样一个来自超级大都市的骑车人来说，北蒙大拿让我叹为观止。
, not to be awestruck:,不要惊奇
However, this just shows that AXIOM is working as expected and is not actually building the full document until needed.
然而，这仅表示AXIOM正如预料的那样工作，直到需要时才真正构建完整的文档。
is not actually:实际上不是
The backwash squeeze is a useful way of neutralizing enemy trumps that cannot be drawn. It may help to establish a trump coup, for instance.
回流挤牌是对付敌方难以清除的将牌的有力之道。它也能帮助建立起擒将谱，如下例。
can not be:不能是
A peasant in Honan tells how a puppet commander, a landlord's bailiff, threw him in jail and would not let him out until he had given him his daughter.
我曾听过河南一个农民诉说，一个当了伪军队长的地主管家如何把他关进监牢，扬言只有把他的女儿送给那个队长才放他出狱。
would not let him out:不许他出去
Both strategies have massive political downsides — precisely because China does not have a ballot box to resolve them.
这两种对策都有极大的政治弊端，原因恰恰是中国缺乏一个 -投票箱。
does not have:没有
Open it.” She tells him that she can ’t because the bank manager is not around; he’s at lunch.
那个职员告诉他，只有银行经理才能打开，但经理去吃午饭了。
is not around:不在这儿
All players should be barefooted while playing and should not wear any accessories such as pins, bracelets etc. Players may wear glasses at their own risk.
比赛时，队员必须脱除鞋子及身上的任何饰物，例如手链、胸针等。若队员配戴眼镜进行比赛，后果自负。
should not wear:不应该穿
People whisper as they bargain so as not to let other customers know the price they are getting.
这里的人们，有的在讨价还价，声音低低的，嘘嘘掩掩，以免别的顾客知道价目。
as not to:如不
To solve the second problem, we present a penalty - logarithm - barrier method. It possesses advantages of both penalty and logarithm-barrier methods, but does not suffer from their disadvantages.
为了求解该优化问题，提出了惩罚对数障碍法，该算法既有罚函数法的优点，又有内点法的优点，而且克服了两者的缺点。
does not suffer:不受苦
Control weeds growing around bean plants, but be careful not to harm the plants.
控制豆秧周围杂草的生长，但要小心，以免弄伤豆秧。
not to:不许
The bearing of a person has a magnetic personality. However, it is not with the same proportion with all.
一个人的良好举止可使得他有一种充满吸引力的性格，可是人们的性格各异。
is not with the same:不是同一个
If you are going to investigate the beaver dam, watch your step! (The bears are not careful where they dump!)
如果你还想要去调查海狸水坝，注意你的脚下！
are not careful:不小心
It was midnight when Wu Xinghu and his wife finally persuaded their one-year-old son to go to sleep, tucking him carefully into the corner of their bed, against the wall so that he would not roll out.
当伍星湖和他的妻子将他们一岁大的儿子哄睡着的时候，已经是半夜了。他们仔细的把儿子用被子包好放在靠墙的内侧床角上，以防儿子在翻身的时候掉下床。
would not:不会
That posing, offering him up as beefcake — it's exactly what he spent years trying not to do.
他的那个姿势像个健美先生的照片---这确实是多年来他一直想摆脱的形象。
trying not to:不设法
Thus, there is nothing to be found in a beehive that is not submerged in a bee.
我们在蜂箱中发现的一切，都潜藏在蜜蜂的个体之中。
is not submerged:未被淹没
Lean on day sword it may not be a bad idea, massacre dragon knife, it is enginery only, of justice person come with it behead bewitching falls demon, evil will reduce "lethal weapon ".
倚天剑也好，屠龙刀也罢，都只是兵器，正义之士用它来斩妖降魔，邪恶的将之沦为“凶器”。
may not be:可能不是
Perhaps only the sense of maternal rhythm is true and believable, but not the thought!
这时候，也许只有放弃思考，去感觉母体的律动才是真实可信的吧！
but not the:但不是
White, but not black, infants who showed exposure to ethyl benzene had four times the risk of CHD.
除开黑人婴儿，接触过乙苯的白人婴儿罹患冠心病的风险是一般婴儿的四倍。
but not black:但不是黑色
Article 258 Whoever has a spouse and commits bigamy or knowingly marries a person who has a spouse shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than two years or criminal detention.
第二百五十八条有配偶而重婚的，或者明知他人有配偶而与之结婚的，处二年以下有期徒刑或者拘役。
of not more:不等于
All that was missing at Hata was a skull that would fit the bill: not as big-brained as H. erectus but clearly headed in that direction.
但看似完美的局面也有缺憾之处：哈塔遗址缺少一块刚好符合要求的颅骨，这具颅骨的脑容量应低于直立人，但其他形态特征明显向直立人的方向发展。
:例如:
Bloc voting is very common in impoverished, traditional, rural societies, where the local big shot’s advice is not seriously questioned.
“集体投票”在贫穷保守的农村地区很常见，通常都是那些地方上的有头有脸的人说了算。
is not seriously:不是认真的
Arthur cut birch for his father but did not make his first broom until he was 18.
亚瑟为他父亲砍伐白桦，直到18岁才制作了自己的第一把扫帚。
did not make:不做
No flittering shadows in the trees, not a sliver of bird song in the air.
树上飞鸟的影子掠过，空中也一丝鸟儿的歌声。
, not a:,而不是
A curving wall hovers above and it seems not to bisect but rather to link the private and public space in a twin proposition.
那座穿戴典雅花衣裳的弧墙是空间里的主角，以灵巧的姿态连结公共及私密场域。
seems not to bisect:似乎没有分裂
In the world ′s broad field of battle, In the bivouac of life, Be not like dumb, driven cattle!
世界是一片辽阔的战场，人生是到处扎寨安营；
Be not like:不要像
This is our first bizarre facts list of 2009 and will definitely not be the last of one of our most popular topics!
这是在2009年我们推出的第一份怪异真相列表，并在今后会相继将我们谈论最多的话题编辑推出！
definitely not be:绝对不是
One need not look further than MTV or mainstream radio stations where songs filled with “booty and bling ” consistently permeate the airwaves.
人们只要去看看MTV或主流的广播电台，就能听到弥漫着“纸醉金迷”的歌充斥着电波。
need not look:别看
It's not completely hype: The page refresh of traditional HTML applications does cause a blink and a reload that even on the fastest connections presents a visual context change.
传统HTML应用程序的页面刷新会导致页面的闪烁并且需要重新加载，就是拥有最快的连接速度，也能够发现上下文的变化。
's not completely:不是完全的
Evening, the peach took me to a row to block up, not stingily say, want to eat what though point!
晚上，桃子把我带到了排挡上，很大方地说，想吃什么尽管点！
, not stingily:,不刺痛
Here is not allowed to post any Blood -and- thunder picture.
严禁贴任何暴力血腥图片。
is not allowed:不允许
First, a voluntary blood donor pool eliminates individuals who might donate for money and not be honest about their health history.
首先，自愿献血者库淘汰了那些卖血或者谎报健康记录的个人。
and not be:并不能成为
First, a voluntary blood donor pool eliminates individuals who might donate for money and not be honest about their health history.
首先，志愿献血者库排除了那些因卖血而隐瞒病史的人。
and not be:并不能成为
Some of our purebred pets like this bloodhound look like little mutants, and we love them, not in spite of their ugliness, but because of it.
像猎犬这样的一些人类纯种宠物看上去有时也像突变体，并且我们之所以喜欢它们，恰恰是因为它们的丑陋之处。
, not in:,不包括
However, until this study, it was not known whether kidney function in patients with diabetic nephropathy varied with the season in relation to blood pressure.
然而，直到本项试验研究才发现患有糖尿病性肾病的患者与血压相关联的肾脏功能随季节性变化而变化。
was not known:尚未知晓
The investigator went on to bluff that there was a video camera in the room, though the recording, with its definitive proof one way or the other, would not be accessible until later.
调查员继续吓唬他们房间里有摄像头，尽管之后才能获得的录像就是他们是否作弊的确凿证据。
would not be:不会是
On a rainy and blustery day it is not unusual to get soaking wet when wrestling with a troublesome brolly.
在一个狂风暴雨天里，只拿着一把糟糕的洋伞往往会被雨淋的全身湿透。
is not unusual:不寻常
On a rainy and blustery day it is not unusual to get soaking wet when wrestling with a troublesome brolly.
在一个狂风暴雨的天气里，撑着一把阳伞身体完全湿透是可能的。
is not unusual:不寻常
On a rainy and blustery day it is not unusual to get soaking wet when wrestling with a troublesome brolly.
在一个暴风雨的天气里，带着麻烦的伞被弄的湿透也是正常的事情。
is not unusual:不寻常
The boa constrictor, when he has had an adequate meal, goes to sleep, and does not wake until he needs another meal.
巨蟒饱食一餐后就去睡觉，直到需要再进食时它才醒来。
does not wake:不醒
the boa constrictor, when he has had an adequate meal, goes to sleep, and does not wake until he needs another meal.
巨蟒饱餐一顿后就睡觉，直到需要再吃一顿时才醒来。
does not wake:不醒
Entrance ticket price does not include board & lodging, shopping and horse -riding fees.
景区内餐饮、住宿、购物、骑马等属于自费项目；
does not include:不包括
Staying in a boarding house where people may live for weeks, months or years when they are not able to find a home of their own.
在找到一个属于自己的家之前，暂住于临时公寓几个星期，几个月甚至几年。
are not able:不能
And sticking it out until your body clock resets itself. And then not resetting it again.
坚持训练，直到你体内的生物钟自动重设，然后保持这种生物钟。
then not resetting:然后不重新设置
The only reason that Read and Bonny were not hanged with the rest of the ship's crew was that they were pregnant
玛丽和安妮被幸免于与其他成员一同接受绞刑的唯一原因是当时她们都怀孕了
were not:没有
British bookmaker William Hill has already offered odds that Jackson would not turn up for the performances.
英国著作家威廉姆-希尔就已经对杰克逊是否会出现在舞台上表现出自己的疑虑。
would not turn:不会转动
British bookmaker William Hill has already offered odds that Jackson would not turn up for a run of concerts.
英国威廉・希尔博彩公司(WilliamHill)已经开放下注，认为杰克逊可能成为临场逃兵。
would not turn:不会转动
When the mobster finds out, it won't be shocking for me to say he kills the bookseller but you will not believe what the wife did.
当这个暴徒发现的时候，如我预料的一样，他杀了那个书商但是你绝对难以相信他的妻子所做的。
will not believe:不会相信
Will newsprint not be available in a few years time, also magazines at the bookstall?
也许你可能在一些旧书摊上碰巧找到几本。
newsprint not be:新闻稿不能是
She was protesting against bossy government telling pupils what they should and should not eat at school. But surely people expect the government to decide what children eat in public schools.
去年十一月，莎拉佩林因为拿着饼干出现在宾夕法尼亚州一所学校而被嘲讽，她抗议专横的政府对在校学生的饮食做出的规定，但是人们却十分期望由政府来决定公立学校学生们的饮食。
should not eat:不应吃
For those not brave enough to "go commando", the survey found boxer shorts with a tartan design were the second most popular choice.
这项调查显示，那些担心走光的人则比较喜欢选择呢格子布料做成的拳师型短裤。
those not brave:那些不勇敢的人
It is not in good form to brag of your learning.
吹嘘自己的学识是欠妥的。
is not in:不在
We've seen a fair amount of brainwave -reading tech, but not much as cute as this.
如今脑波分析科技产品相当多见，但鲜有如此可爱的设计。
but not much:但不多
TORONTO (Reuters) -- A bran muffin and a flavored coffee drink are not unusual choices for a breakfast on the run.
多伦多（路透社）--在每个忙碌的日子里，人们早餐的选择通常是糠麸饼和风味咖啡。
are not unusual:这些不寻常
We're not where I would like to be, yet, in terms of the brand image; but as far as the prime educational institutions are concerned, name recall is already there.
但是，在品牌形象方面，仍与我的想法相去甚远。但主要教育机构已经对我们银行略有所知。
're not where:他们不在哪儿
He was in his eighties and not that fast - though he would brandish his walking stick fiercely if you told him to get a move on.
他已经八十多岁了并且行动缓慢—虽然他可以在你告诉他往前继续迈步的时候剧烈的挥舞他的拐杖。
and not that fast:而且不是那么快
But touch screens have some serious drawbacks, such as how expensive they are, not to mention easily breakable.
但是触屏也有很多弱点，因为它们可能很贵而且很容易被毁坏。
, not to:,不
Jonathan_ Feigen: If they bring Battier off the bench, you could call Battier, Barry and Brooks the Killer Bees, or is that not the Big Three you meant.
费根：如果把巴蒂尔放到板凳上的话，那可以把他和巴里、布鲁克斯合称三“B”杀手。
that not the:那不是
It's all a snow job by nature. The reality is, we're freezing not in spite of climate change but because of it.
大自然就是这样欺骗了大家。实际情况就是如此，尽管气候变暖，我们却日益挨冻，其原因也正是它——气候变暖。
freezing not in:没有冻结
It must not be, unless you would undermine the very foundations of social safety, strangle justice, and call down anarchy, massacre, and ruin, on the Commonwealth!
这样做了，你们就会挖去社会安全的基石，扼杀正义，给共和国招来混乱、杀戮和毁灭！
must not be:不得
And if you cannot but weep when your soul summons you to prayer, she should spur you again and yet again, though weeping, until you shall come laughing.
如果你们的灵魂召唤你们时你们只能哭泣，那么她会在哭泣中一再鞭策你们，直到你们欢笑。
can not but:不能但
Worse, the EU made a move which cannot but be considered a sociological bomb.
更糟糕的是，欧盟作出了一项只能被认为是社会学炸弹的举动。
can not but:不能但
I cannot but hope the candid reader will give some allowance for it.
我只有希望公正的读者多少包涵一些。
can not but:不能但
This analysis is likely to come in for some scrutiny, not least because it does contain an element of subjectivity in terms of how the various threats to water security are weighted and combined.
这项分析可能受到详细审查，特别是因为在如何衡量和组合水安全各种威胁方面包含了主观的因素。
, not least:,尤其是
When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation， they shall wash with water， that they die not； or when they come near to the altar to minister， to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD
他们进会幕，或是就近坛前供职给耶和华献火祭的时候，必用水洗濯，免得死亡。
die not ；:不死;
But all of this cannot come to pass until we bring an end to this war in Iraq.
但只有我们结束伊拉克战争，所有的这一切才可能得以实现。
can not come:不能来
She did bring herself, finally, to confess, and confide in me: there was not a soul else that she might fashion into an adviser.
最后她自己招认了，而且向我吐露了衷曲。除了我，还有谁能作她的顾问。
was not a:不是
The child was very careful to pick out his football so as not to crush down any vegetables in my garden.
那孩子小心谨慎地去菜园捡起他的足球，生怕压坏青菜。
as not to:如不
With that he takes the small bird out of his beard so that he will not crush it, pulls his cap down over his eyes, and lies him down on the hay.
说完，他从他的大胡子里面掏出那只小鸟，防止自己把它压死，然后把帽子往下拉，遮住眼睛，躺到干草上面。
will not:不会
Patents date back to Venice in the 15th century, but Communist China did not allow them until 1985.
专利可以追溯到15世纪的威尼斯，但是中国共产党直到1985年才允许其存在。
did not allow:不允许
Patents date back to Venice in the 15th century, but Communist China did not allow them until 1985.
专利最早可以追溯到15世纪的威尼斯，但在中国，知识产权直到1985年才被认可。
did not allow:不允许
Until such time as property in the Products passes from XXX the Dealer shall upon request deliver up such of the Products as have not ceased to be in existence or resold to XXX.
直到XXX将产品所有权转移给经销商为止，经销商应按要求将产品原物交回或转售给XXX。
have not ceased:没有停止
It can't deny that there is very big improvement space in it, even so. It is encouraged oneself that the defects cannot obscure the merits.
不容否认其仍有很大的改善空间，尽管如此，我们仍以瑕不掩瑜自勉。
can not obscure:不能模糊
By contrast, Western parents have to struggle with their own conflicted feelings about achievement, and try to persuade themselves that they're not disappointed about how their kids turned out.
而西方父母必须处理好他们自己对于成就所有的相互矛盾的感受，并试着掩饰自己对孩子的失望情绪。
're not disappointed:你不失望
If you have a bond with an interest rate of 4.375% - that's not an easy one to divide by two but you would get half of that every six months until maturity.
如果你持有一种利率为4.375%的债券,这个数除以2有点难算,而在债券到期前,每半年你能得到4.375%一半的券息
's not an easy:不是件容易的事
They had not noticed the human ingenuity that incentives can draw forth.
他们忽略了人类特有的独创性：激励诱发前进。
had not noticed:没有注意到
I felt that I cannot add sugar into the take-away drink which I only have one - hand free.
我觉得只有一只手得闲的时候是很难加糖到外卖饮料的。
can not add:不能添加
It is not quite smooth, but you can easily drive at a speed of 50 km / h.
并十分平坦，但车速也能达到每小时50公里。
is not quite:不完全
When they fall out of these ranges or do not display the appropriate characteristics, they indicate that something is wrong with the agile process.
如果它们超越了正常的范围，或是显示出来的特征出现了偏差，这就表示在敏捷过程中出现了问题。
do not display the appropriate:不显示适当的
And so we condition males in America not to cry whenever they feel like doing so.
所以每当美国的男性想要哭的时候，我们就训练他们憋住。
America not:美国不是
Mourinho had said before the game that he hoped his team were mentally strong enough to lose and not be sunk by the result or stable enough to win and keep their feet on the ground.
穆里尼奥赛前曾说他希望皇马众将要是输了球能有勇敢的担当，在踏上另一片球场时保持赢球的斗志。
and not be:并不能成为
However, the WHO says that vaccines are not the only weapon in the fight against swine flu.
然而，世卫组织称注射疫苗仅是对抗猪流感病毒的武器之一。
are not the only:不是唯一的
While our drein the morning is confronted with the renosity: you don not forget to feel painful. Just tried on the pain: or you'll be fight down by it.
《和闰年代》里的话：当胡想和实际面对时，总是很痛楚的。要么你被痛楚击倒，要么你把痛楚踩在脚下。
don not forget to feel painful:不要忘记感到痛苦
It was not till the rays of the sun had absorbed the young stranger's retreating figure on the hill that she shook off her temporary sadness and answered her would -be partner in the affirmative.
她一直站在那儿等着，直到山坡上那个年轻陌生人的身影在阳光中消失了，她才抛开一时的悲哀，接受了刚才想同她跳舞的人的邀请。
was not till:直到
Well let me fill you in on a little secret – with a little effort and some training, you can get your entryway cleaned up and organized in no time. This, however, is not what you want it to look like
好吧，就让我悄悄告诉你一个小秘密 -- 只需要一点点的精力和训练，你就能让你家的入口立即变得整洁干净起来。
is not what:不是什么
It’s not easy to find fault with a child ’s effort to reclaim his lost parent.
的确，对于一个孩子努力找回自己失去的父母是很难进行挑剔和指责的。
’s not easy:不是容易的
When communicating with people it is not unusual to find oneself in a situation where one has to politely decline an offer.
在与人交流时，人们通常都会遇到一种情形，那就是需要婉言谢绝别人的邀请。
is not unusual:不寻常
They remembered then that they could have bought for a song canvases which now were worth such large sums, and they could not forgive themselves for the opportunity which had escaped them.
他们这时想起来，当时只要花一点点钱就能买到今天已经价值连城的名画，他们白白让机会从眼皮底下溜掉，真是追悔莫及。
could not forgive:不能原谅
It may not have an immediate effect, but combined with rewarding good behaviour, tolerance, patience and realistic expectations, you'll see a change for the better over time.
但是如果你同时也奖励好的行为， 做到宽容，有耐心以及对他们有合理的期望的话，时间一长，你就会看到孩子们好的转变。
may not have an immediate effect:可能不会立即产生影响
It is something you cannot gaze at too long without falling into despair.
如果你盯着它看太久，肯定会陷入绝望。
can not gaze:不能凝视
And when her son -in-law blustered about how he was going to get even with the boss who had docked his pay, Imelda fixed him with a cold eye and said, "Little fish does not eat big fish ."
当伊梅儿达的女婿气势汹汹要找克扣他工资的老板算帐时，她冷眼瞪着他说：“小鱼吃得了大鱼吗？”
does not eat:不吃
You can make sure this is accomplished by not allowing jealousy to get the best of you.
远离妒忌能让你做到最好，你们的爱恋便可以天长地久。
by not allowing:不允许
One day, Tom's boss told him not to be late again, or he had to get the sack.
一天，老板警告他如果再迟到一次，就要炒他的鱿鱼。
him not to be late again,:他不要再迟到,
Give back as much as you can and as often as you can, and remember there is no elite group out there that you cannot belong to.
尽一切所能的回馈社会，记住精英团队就在那里，赶快融入其中吧。
can not belong:不能属于
To those I would say, of course, we will learn more as we go along, but there is already strong evidence on what works and what does not. We know enough for implementation now.
我会对这些人说，当然，我们在前进中还需要学习，但我们已经有了成功和失败的丰富经验，我们现有的知识已经足够我们立即开始实施了。
does not .:不是。
He can also go at his own pace … he does not need to be at the same level for English and math … he can just work according to his own needs and skills.
另外，我儿子还可以根据他自己的进度来上课，比如在英语和数学上他可以跳级，他还可以根据需要自行选择课程。
does not need to be at the same level:不需要在同一个水平上
So go forth and break rules... but not without really good reasons!
继续前进吧，打破那些规则 ——但必须有充分的理由！
but not without:但不是没有
"Meanwhile, the plants can grow on barren land, not vying for farmland resources with food," said Zhao.
“更何况，这些作物都可以在荒地上生长，而且抗旱，”她说。
, not vying:,不打架
The whole project would probably have fallen through had it not been for my fairly long life.
翻译之所以完成，主要的是因为活得相当长久，十分惊险。
it not been:它不是
She also said it could mean that big companies would have an advantage over start -ups that cannot afford the extra expense.
她同时说，这份协议将意味着大公司将比那些新近起步的公司拥有更大的优势，因为他们可以承担的其额外的支出。
can not afford:不能承受
Such public stirrings are at last getting the attention of politicians and business leaders, who may not always respond to science but have a keen nose for where votes and profits lie.
如此公众的推动至少得到了那些只热衷于选举和利润的政治家和商业头目的关注。
may not always:可能并非总是如此
In the short term I'm hoping we'll help each other get to the elementary level of baby signing in a few months, because it's not just him I want to have words with.
短期内，我希望我们能帮助彼此在几个月内学会初级的婴儿肢体动作，因为我只是想和他说话。
's not just:不只是
Needless to say, that ’s not what you hear from European policy makers.
毋庸多言，那就是你从欧洲政策拟定者那里听到的东西。
’s not what:不是什么
It ’s high time our industry provide large branding advertisers with metrics that prove that the web offers just as much—if not more— ROI as traditional media.
现在该是我们这个行业向的大品牌广告商提供证据的时候了，证明网站至少可以提供与传统媒体一样高的投资回报率。
if not more:如不更多
The maritime court may impose upon the bidder involved in malicious collusion a fine of not more than ten percent and not less than 30 percent of the highest price offered.
海事法院可以对参与恶意串通的竞买人处最高应价百分之十以上百分之三十以下的罚款。
of not more:不等于
President Obama seemed to want to improve relations with Iran, but other forces in his government, particularly in the State Department, were not in accord with this agenda.
看起来奥巴马总统希望与伊朗改善关系，但美国政府里的其他势力，特别是国会里的势力，却与总统的意见相左。
were not in:没有在
Nonetheless, it “expects ” suppliers to operate in a manner that does not directly support armed conflict.
尽管如此，它还是“期望”供应商能规范采购方式，避免落下直接支持武装冲突的罪名。
does not directly:不直接
In brief, dispassionate sentences she tells us how Mr. Harvey lured her into his secret cellar under the cornfield, how she fought back, how ''hard-as- I - could was not hard enough .''
简短、冷静的句子向读者讲述Harvey如何引诱她走进玉米地里的秘密地下室，她如何挣扎，如何“最后完全用尽了力气”。
was not hard:不是难的
I wish he were not dead so he could be tried for all the crimes he committed in cold blood against Libyan women.
我希望他活着，那样他对利比亚女性所犯下的所有冷血罪行都将能接受审判。
were not dead:他们不是死的
Part of it was just for fun, so I'd play around with maps and timelines I drew, so I'm not sure exactly how long I actually worked on it.
这有一部分纯粹是为了好玩，我会以自己绘制的地图和时间线为乐，所以我很难说我实际上是从什么时候开始真正致力于此的。
'm not sure:我不知道
Please keep your things together. They are not in good order.
请把你的东西收拾在一起，太乱了。
are not in good order:他们没有好秩序
Even spinach and beets are not exempt, since they're high in oxalic acid, which is harmful in large quantities.
甚至菠菜和甜菜也难逃其咎，因为它们富含草酸，而大量的草酸是有害的。
are not exempt:不被豁免
In season, a mule -drawn barge is docked there, and tourists line up to take a slow boat, if not to China, at least into the 19th century.
每到雨季，便有一条用骡子拖拽的小驳船停靠河边，于是游客就会排起长队，等着享受一下慢悠悠的感觉。驳船似乎将带着他们驶向古老的中国，或驶向19世纪繁忙的切撒匹克海港。
if not to:若不
They differ in style (China is more deferential to Russia), but not in substance.
只是形式上有区别而已（中国更顺从俄罗斯一点而已），但本质上是相同的。
but not in:但不包括
Of course, you would not have the problem in the first place if you avoid overloaded operations as recommended.
当然，即使您按照推荐方法避免使用了过载操作，您仍可能在第一个地方出现问题。
would not have the problem in the first place:首先就不会有问题
Nevertheless, Jean Valjean did not reappear in the open air without profound anxiety.
冉阿让回到了自由的空气里，其实他心里仍怀着深重的忧虑。
did not reappear:没有再出现
I've made a whole host of mistakes in the process of writing this book and my career in general, these mistakes have been invaluable in teaching me how to and how not to approach design problems.
我在写着这本书的过程中以及我的职业生涯中犯了很多错误，这些错误对于教导我理解设计问题是怎样出现的以及如何规避设计问题是最宝贵的。
how not to:如何避免
Even focused research will not deliver agricultural progress unless donors also help join up links in the development chain.
只有在资助者帮助在发展的链条中建立连接的前提下，重点研究才能推动农业进步。
will not deliver:不会提供
Keep your bedroom dark while you are sleeping so that the light will not interfere with your rest.
睡觉时保持卧室是黑暗的，以免光线影响你休息。
will not interfere:不会干预
Lionel Messi is "playing a kick-about with Jesus "but must not make the wrong choices, Diego Maradona said today.
迭戈•马拉多纳今日表示，莱昂内尔•梅西“与耶稣同场竞技”，但必须做出正确的选择。
must not make the wrong choices:不能做出错误的选择
True love is a "combination of passion, intimacy and commitment" which does not kick in until about 12 months into a relationship.
真正的爱情是“激情、亲密和承诺的结合”直到保持大约12个月的关系才可能产生。
does not kick:不踢
Countries that encourage these individuals will advance both their culture and their innovation potential. Those that do not will lag behind.
一个鼓励这样的创新者的国家将会使文化和创新潜力发扬光大，若反其道而行之则将落后。
do not will:不会的
Missle to not wobble upon launch and most of them blew.
那时候中国的火箭和蛋蛋发射都颤颤巍巍的大多数还爆了。
to not wobble:不摇摆
China at that time could not get a rocket or missle to not wobble upon launch and most of them blew.
那时候中国的火箭和蛋蛋发射都颤颤巍巍的大多数还爆了。
could not get:无法获得
Aye, but he forgot to warn the stone men not to lay their hands upon me.
是啊，但是他忘记警告他们离我远点儿了。
men not to lay their hands upon m:男人不要把手放在我身上
March organizers have vowed lay siege to the offices of Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej until he resigns. The police have warned the protesters they will not be allowed to enter the compound.
游行组织者决心冲破警戒线，包围沙马总理的办公室，直到他辞职。
will not be:将不会
On this principle, we should not only administer the country according to the law, lay stress on its effect, but bring the initiative of the function of socialist morals.
根据这一原理，我们在社会主义建设中就既要以法治国，注重法律的作用，同时又要充分发挥社会主义道德的功能。
should not only:不仅
"It is like your brothers and sisters are trapped in tribulations. How can you not lend a hand?" he said.
他表示：“正如兄弟姐妹们正身处苦难之中，怎能袖手旁观？”
you not:你不是
For this reason, ROI does not easily lend itself to being a measure of the effectiveness of organizational growth or improvement efforts.
基于这个原因，ROI很难成为衡量组织成长或者改进有效性的标准。
does not easily:不太容易
This sort of meta- programming style does not lend itself to static type checking.
这种元程序风格很难进行静态类型核查。
does not lend:不借贷
Will not you say that… television is just a passive way of let off steam?
你是说，电视仅仅是一种发泄的消极方法，是吗?。
Will not you say:你不会说吗
All right, let ’s not pile onto the tech critics. The thing is, they were right, at least from a rational standpoint.
让我们先将这些评论放在一边，他们是对的，至少从一个理性的角度来看，iPad被过度浮夸了。
’s not pile:不是堆积物
In his youth, Mr. Levine won a Golden Gloves flyweight boxing title, and his competitive juices have not let up.
Levine先生年轻的时候曾获得过特轻量级业余拳击金手套赛冠军；虽然上了年纪，但他的竞技精神一如从前。
have not let:不允许
So, keep the noise level down while traveling and if you bring a radio, tapes or CDs, use headphones so you will not disturb others.
因此，当你旅行时，把噪音减少到最小。如果你带了收音机、录音机或CD机，使用耳机，以免打扰他人。
will not disturb:不会妨碍
That's not all they lie about, says the founder of one online dating service.
一个网上交友服务的创办人说这只是他们说的谎言中的一个。
's not all:不是全部
Most important, educators should learn what parents and most teachers already know: you cannot teach a child anything unless you look him in the face.
更为重要的是，教育者应该了解父母和大多数老师已经知道了哪些东西：只有当你眼看着孩子，你才可能教好他。
can not teach:不能教
In school, we were told not to look on each other ’s papers.
在学校，老师禁止我们互相偷看试卷。
told not to:不许
Therefore the question cannot look down upon, must point out, and corrects.
故此应当指出，并加以纠正。
can not look down upon:不能俯视
Look round you and take notice, men who do that not often fail.
看看你周围，你会注意到：这么做的人其实很少失败。
that not often:不是经常的
Happiness is to find a way to make her want him desperately to lose weight, and that people are always patting her head and said, eat a little, do not empty the …
幸福就是，找到了一个令你想为他拼命减肥的人，而那人却总是拍拍你的头说，多吃一点，别饿着了…
do not empty:不要空
In essence, the problem of employment for graduates is a normal phenomenon under the current market economy system and we should not make a fuss about it.
从本质上看，大学毕业生就业难是一个应该淡看的市场经济体制下的常态现象。
should not make:不应
It was a recess appointment, one a President can make for a year, when Congress is not in session.
这是一项休会期的任命，因为国会正在休会期，而总统每年只能进行一次这样的任命。
is not in:不在
If not, is there anything you can do to make it enjoyable?
如果答案是否定的，能做些什么让你更享受工作吗？
If not ,:若不,
It's easy for the rest of us not to think too often about what the Chinese who make much of what we wear, and what we use at home and at work, endure.
我们身上很多穿的，家里工作上用的都是中国生产的，但我们可能很少会想起这些产品的背后生产者- 中国工人。
us not to:我们不应该
I make up my mind to contribute this money to the Beijing Olympics Committee .Though it is not worth much, I think it can help.
我决定将这些钱捐献给北京奥委会。
is not worth:不值
However, sources of fund development of them did not match up to significance status in the national economy for a long - term period.
然而，长期以来，中小企业在获得发展所需资金的来源上却很难与其在国民经济中所处的重要地位相匹配。
did not match:不匹配
You might as well have a try.; Why not have a try?
你何妨试一试。
Why not have:为什么不
You will not understand how gratitude works until you try. So you might as well just try it now!
你尝试它才能知道感谢如何起作用。因此，你可能只是现在尝试一下！
will not understand:不会理解
And sure, that ’s not really a security issue until you mess up a configuration and open up a huge hole on the device (s).
当你在设备上胡乱的配置并放出巨大的漏洞，这就是一个严重的安全问题了。
’s not really a security issue:这不是真正的安全问题
More often than not, folks would nod in agreement and ask how they could get involved.
乡亲们通常地都会点头赞同，并且询问他们有什么可以出力的地方。
than not ,:而不是,
'Our data shows that, more often than not, pacesetting poisons the climate,' he writes.
他写道，我们的数据显示，标杆式领导行为多半会损害氛围。
than not ,:而不是,
In fact, more often than not, if [his BPMN users] have already made their BPM runtime decision, it is BPEL.
事实上，如果[他的BPMN使用者]已经做出了他们BPM运行时的决策，那么它通常就是BPEL。
than not ,:而不是,
Business need should drive software, but more often than not, it's the technical people who lead the project.
软件应该由业务需求来驱动，但通常的情况却是技术人员领导项目。
than not ,:而不是,
More often than not, however, processes of emotional regulation facilitate rational thought and action.
然而通常情况是，情绪调控过程有利于合理的思维与行动。
than not ,:而不是,
Money is like muck - not good except it wind up spreadvertisement.
金钱好比粪肥-惟有撒到在大地才是有用之物。
- not good:-不好
Mr. Wilson, not a little astonished at this outbreak- for he was a grandfatherly sort of personage, and usually a vast favourite with children - essayed, however, to proceed with the examination.
威尔逊先生对这一反抗举动颇为吃惊——因为他是老爷爷般的人物，通常极受孩子们的喜爱——但他仍继续他的测验。
, not a little astonished:,一点也不惊奇
Clearly, this photographer had a lot of access — and not a little talent.
很明显的，摄影师能接触的东西很多，并且摄影技术高超。
and not a little talent:没有一点才华
Boyle ’s voice is of course stellar, if not a little too perfect.
苏珊的声音是毋庸置疑的如星星般闪耀，但是有点过于完美了。
not a little too perfect:不是太完美了
They may be loud during play and talk excessively about not much of anything.
他们在玩耍的时候可能说得很大声，却很少涉及到有关的东西。
about not much:不太好
This in turn could have led to up to 20 million more cases of skin cancer and 130 million more cases of eye cataracts, not to speak of damage to human immune systems, wildlife and agriculture.
这反过来又可能导致多达20万皮肤癌和白内障1.3亿多的情况下，更多情况下说，对损害人体免疫系统、野生动植物和农业造成的损害。
, not to:,不
And now that you know what not to do, let me tell you a secret about happiness.
现在既然你知道要做什么，那就让我告诉你有关快乐的一个秘密。
what not to:什么不做
Likewise, developers or administrators are good at technical - related issues, but might not have a good grasp on business data.
同样地，开发人员或者管理人员擅长技术相关问题，但是对业务数据可能一知半解。
might not have a good grasp:可能没有很好的把握
Valfierno told the story to a journalist in 1914, on condition that it would not be published until his death.
1914年瓦尔菲尔诺将事件真相透露给了一位记者，条件是只有等到他死后才能将此事公之于众。
would not be:不会是
I sat there watching one after another showing off their talent as I cradled my now not so “cool ” guitar.
我一个人坐着，一边看着别人的演出一边抚摸着我那普普通通的吉他。
now not so “cool ”:现在不再那么“酷”了
Tom, not one in a thousand would have forgiven you as he has done.
汤姆，很少有人会象他那样原谅你的。
, not one:,没有一个
Ron Suskind, a journalist, has argued that Mr Bush created a “faith -based presidency ” in which decisions, precisely because they were based on faith, could not be revised subsequently.
记者罗恩·苏斯金德曾经讨论过布什先生建立了一套“基于信仰的执政方针”，那些基于信仰而做出的决策，是很难被纠正的。
could not be:不能是
The merchant had to leave the horse where it was, and unbuckle the duffel bag, load it onto his shoulder, and walk home on foot, not arriving there until very late that night.
那生意人只好扔下他的马，解下钱箱扛在背上，步行回家。等赶回家时已是午夜时分，只听他嘀咕着：“都是那颗该死的钉子把我给害惨了。”
, not arriving:,未到达
On his knees, Xuande opened his issue: “Since you already know, my lady, I dare not to deceive you anymore.
玄德跪而告曰："夫人既知，备安敢相瞒。
dare not to:不敢
The Armies were constantly on the alert not to be taken by surprise.
部队一直处于警戒状态以防突然袭击。
alert not to:不警告
Often we do not realize or state it aloud, but somewhere on the level of subconsciousness we all know it.
我们往往忽略或者轻视了它，但从某种程度上说，潜意识里我们都对此了然于胸。
do not realize:不了解
Words are not enough to express the depth of my gratitude for the gift which you so kindly sent me on the occasion of my graduation.
——言语难以表达我的深切谢意，谢谢你在我毕业之际馈赠的礼品。
are not enough:不足够
It is easy to kill a bird on the wing that flies straight: not so one that twists.
捕杀按直线飞行的鸟儿容易，捕杀变换其飞行路线的鸟儿却很难。
:例如:
The heads of the French Gestapo were not lynched, however. They were tracked down and put on trial.
然而，法国盖世太保却逃过了私刑，因为，他们被送上了审判台，等待他们的是死刑。
were not lynched:他们没有被 lynched
But The Northern Policy has not been successful out and out.
至此，北方外交政策可以说是取得了初步的成功。
has not been successful:没有成功
It said aspects of the government ’s treatment of Walmart were “worryingly ” out of keeping with the spirit of the law, not least the principle that punishment should fit the crime.
据说，从各个方面来衡量，重庆政府在处理沃尔玛事情上，“令人担忧”僭越了法律精神，尤其是运用了本应对刑事犯罪才使用的规则。
, not least:,尤其是
It said aspects of the government's treatment of Walmart were "worryingly" out of keeping with the spirit of the law, not least the principle that punishment should fit the crime.
财新杂志还说，政府部门对沃尔玛的处罚措施违背了法律的精神，尤其是违背了处罚与违法行为相当的比例原则。
, not least:,尤其是
A madman is not less a musician than you or myself; only the instrument on which he plays is a little out of tune.
你我和狂人又有何异呢，仅一点，他弹奏乐器时会跑调。
is not less:不等于
Because it did not come off easily, he took an ax and chopped the finger off, but it flew into the air and over the barrel, falling right into the bride's lap.
因为很难拔下来，因此他用斧头将她的手指砍下，但是戒指弹起来掉到木桶后面，正好落在新娘的裙摆上面。
did not come off easily:不能轻易地掉下来
There are plenty of reasons a Google - backed deal would not pan out.
谷歌参与此项收购有可能以失败收场，个中原因可能多种多样。
would not pan:不会 pan
Their children, likewise, could be presented for baptism as infants but, like their parents, could not partake of the Lord's Supper until they had shown evidence of sincere faith in Christ.
子女们可以在婴孩时受洗，但是如同他们的父母一样，直到他们表现出对基督的真诚信心的凭证时才可以参加圣餐。
could not partake:不能参加
Pay attention. People often offer subtle clues that they’re not happy with us, but we need to pay attention to receive them.
要注意，人们往往会以一些微妙的方式表现出他们对我们的反感，但我们得注意到这些细节，有则改之。
’re not happy:他们不高兴
It is to be ardently desired that China does not choose the way of force over that of gradually accumulated influence to find its place in the sun.
中国选择渐进式积累的发展会比暴力发展更被世界所欢迎，中国这种方式最终会找到自己的一席之地。
does not choose:不选择
First, they have to play fair, then play offensive, then they have to win. Winning is important but not before the first two are accomplished.
首先，他们必须公平竞赛，然后要打出攻势，然后才要赢。赢球很重要，但要在前两者实现的前提下。
but not before:但不是以前
If the want to make the atmosphere not so embarrassed; they play jokes on friend's lover.
难得说句笑话，打趣的对象也永远是朋友的爱人。
atmosphere not so embarrassed:不那么尴尬的气氛
The handicap 1 hole with narrow fairway tilts to the left bunker and OB. If you want to play safe, use the club will not reach the left bunker and aim to the top window of clubhouse.
难度1的球洞，开球可以瞄会馆的气窗打，球道往左倾斜，小心开球落地会往左边进到球道沙坑或出界；
will not reach the left:不会到达左边
On the issue of industrial pollution, the environmental activist plead with the government not to soft- pedal.
自环境护活动请求政府污染问题低调态。
not to:不许
Arnesen's position at Chelsea has been under threat before, not least last year, when he appeared to be on the verge of leaving, while previous to that he had clashed with Jose Mourinho.
阿内森在切尔西的位置曾受到过威胁，尤其是去年，他曾处于离开边缘，而再之前他和何塞·穆里尼奥冲突时亦如此。
, not least:,尤其是
Both of the candidates are close together in the polls. It is not until closer to the election that one will pull ahead of the other.
两位候选人在民意测验中的得票相当，只有等到大选临近其中一位才可能会超过另一位。
is not until:直到
Both of the candidates are close together in the polls. It is not until closer to the election that one will pull ahead of the other.
两位候选人在民意测验中的得标相当接近。要一直等到大选临近其中一位才可能会领先另一位。
is not until:直到
How can the earth pull on something from a distance, that it’s not even attached to?
地球是怎样隔着这么远“拉”动物体的呢？
’s not even attached to:甚至连同
Garden Rule: When weeding, the best way to make sure you are removing a weed and not a valuable plant is to pull on it. If it comes out of the ground easily, it is a valuable plant.
园艺定律：区分益草和害草的办法是，拔出来试试——如果很容易拔掉，就证明它是益草。
and not a:而不是
How can he dare to put over ten millions in capital in this field if he has not done his research?
事先有所调查，他怎么敢把几千万风险资金投到这个领域呢！
has not done his research:他还没有做他的研究
I suspect it got on the required list in part because our teachers thought it was short enough to at least encourage us not to reach for the Classic Comic Book.
这本书能进入这份名单，我怀疑某种程度上是因为我们的老师认为它篇幅够短，至少能鼓励我们从经典漫画书边走开一会儿。
us not to reach:我们不能接近
Many institutions that most of us regard as the foundation stones of capitalism were not introduced until the mid- 19th century, because they had been seen as undermining capitalism.
今天我们认为是资本主义基石的很多制度一直到19世纪中叶才出现，而这些制度曾经被认为是破坏资本主义的。
were not introduced:没有引入
A simple variety and not perfect system of marketing and service must restrict to exploit foreign markets.
产品出口单一和缺乏完善的销售和售后服务体系，大大制约了中国摩托车行业的国外市场的开发。
and not perfect:而且不完美
The safest way is to sail in one direction and not stop until you’re back home.
最安全的办法就是朝一个方向航行直到你又回到出发地。
and not stop:不要停下来
"Nokia has a tremendous brand presence, not in North America, but pretty much everywhere else in the world, and a reputation for hardware quality that's second to none ," said Greengart.
"除北美外,诺基亚在全球其它地区,仍有很高的市占率,而且其首屈一指的硬件质量名声享誉在外,"Greengart表示."
, not in:,不包括
The US and China do not see eye to eye on the issue, but the US will have frank discussions with China.
美中在这个问题上有分歧。美方愿与中方以坦诚方式进行讨论。
do not see eye to eye:不可视视而不见
The managers of the teams do not see eye to eye and fisticuffs almost broke out on the touchline during Everton ’s visit to the Eastlands last season.
两队主教练则早就结下了梁子，在上赛季埃弗顿做客东部的比赛中还差点在边线处打了起来。
do not see eye to eye:不可视视而不见
America ’s faltering steps towards new reactors look sure to be set back, not least because new concerns will mean greater costs.
美国建设新反应堆的缓慢进度看起来必定会受阻，尤其是因为新的忧虑意味着更大的成本。
, not least:,尤其是
When the day eventually came, not a single second passed without causing great anxiety in me like a stingy man counting every penny that he has to shell out.
当这天真的到来时，我开心的过着每一秒就像个吝啬鬼数着花出去的每一分钱。
not a single second passed without causing great anxiety:没有一秒钟过,没有引起极大的焦虑
Their goal is to discern the larger picture, hoping to spot associations between genes and health that would not show up until very large numbers of individuals are compared at once.
他们的目标是描绘更远大的前景，希望发现基因和健康之间的联系，其结果只有大量的个体数据同时进行比对才能显示出来。
would not show:不会显示
He insists he will not sign off on a Lisbon treaty, which has already been ratified by the Czech parliament.
尽管《里斯本条约》已经得到捷克议会的批准，但他拒绝签字让它生效。
will not sign:不会签字
An ox or a sheep would not even sniff at grass named Zhao Feiyan.
叫赵飞燕的草，它们连闻都懒得闻一下。
would not even:甚至
Examples: 1. An ox or a sheep would not even sniff at grass named Zhao Feiyan.
叫赵飞燕的草，它们连闻都懒得闻一下。
would not even:甚至
He said one of his daughters may take over for him some day, but not anytime soon.
他透露，将来他的一个女儿可能会接替他的工作，但是这还需要一些时间。
but not anytime soon:但不会很快的
Any time I get to represent my country in an event like the Olympics, it’s truly an honor because not a lot of people get to participate in something like that.
能够代表祖国参加奥运会之类的重大国际比赛，我觉得特别荣耀，因为只有很少的人有机会参加这样的活动。
because not a lot of people:因为没有太多的人
When they speak to her in Croatian she does understand, yet she cannot respond in anything other than German.
当人们和她说克罗地亚语时，女孩确实听得懂，可是她只能用德语去回应。
can not respond:不能回答
Koxinga found he could not easily breach the castle's defenses, so he settled in for a long siege, figuring to eventually starve them out.
当郑成功发现突破城堡的防守比较困难时，他采用长时间围困的战略，他知道最终他们会因为断粮而屈服。
could not easily:不能轻易地
One man may steal a horse while another may not look over a hedge.
当一个人偷走了匹马的时候，另一个可能已经巡视过的篱笆。
may not look over a hedge:可能不看过篱笆
In 2009, SARFT repeated an earlier warning for television stations not to stray from official Mandarin into China's myriad regional dialects.
2009年，广电总局重申了其早前的“方言禁令”：各电视台播放的电视剧要尽量使用普通话，少用方言。
stations not to:车站不向
Labor decided not to take a chance with a leader who, just six months ago, was one of the two most popular prime ministers in the 40 - year history of the Herald's Nielsen poll.
然而，工党却决定放弃自己的领袖。而仅仅在六个月前，这位领袖还是先锋报尼尔森民意调查（Herald'sNielsenpoll）中近40年历史上最受欢迎的两位总理之一。
decided not to:决定不
I have never known one who was not a superb cook or did not take pleasure in entertaining.
我认识的每个情妇都精于厨艺，也乐于招待。
never known one who was not a:没有人知道他不是
A great many patients cannot suffer from the malaise of naupathia and vomiting which bring on wrench and tamper with endoscopy and therapy.
频繁的恶心、呕吐给患者造成极大的痛苦，也会影响检查和治疗效果。
can not suffer:不能忍受
Zhang Nana (not her real name), a 32 - year -old working for a Beijing -based magazine, and her 58 - year -old parents are caught in a crisisthat threatens to tear apart the family.
现年32岁的张娜娜（化名）就职于北京一家杂志社，她和家中58岁的父母正面临著一场家庭危机。
( not her real name:(不是她的真名
Foley: How do we figure out ways to incentivize people to not tear down rainforests?
福利：我们如何能想出办法激励人们停止破坏雨林呢？
to not tear:不撕裂
I have to think over every little purchase because I’m not sure if I ’ll have a job tomorrow.
我在花每一分钱的时候都得慎重考虑，因为也许明天我就会失业了。
’m not sure:我不确定
The sax argument was Harrys idea, not the last clever one he would think up for me.
吹萨克斯管是哈里的主意，他为我想到的绝妙主意还有很多。
, not the last clever:,不是最后的聪明人
The house had been "whispering" worse than ever lately, and, even in spite of his luck, Paul could not bear up against it.
接着房子一直“小声嚷嚷”，比以前更加严重，尽管保罗运气好，也难以忍受这声音。
could not bear:不能忍受
If you used false, the code would wait around on the server when the request was made and not continue until a response was received.
如果使用false，那么代码发出请求后将等待服务器返回的响应。
and not continue:并不能继续
If paralysis was present before surgery, your dog may not be able to walk when it is discharged from the hospital.
如果在手术之前就已经瘫痪，你的犬可能在出院之后才能行走。
may not be:可能不是
A fellow Datong University graduate, Yuan Lei, threw the first wet blanket over the exuberance of Ms. Liu, Mr. Li and three friends not long after their July arrival in Beijing.
大同大学的另一个毕业生，袁磊给七月份刚到北京信心满满的刘小姐、李先生以及三位朋友泼了下冷水。
not long:不长
It was not unusual for these running gentry, who carried it with a high hand, to quarrel in the servants hall while they were waiting for their masters and mistress.
这些盛气凌人的跟班，在等候自己的男女主人时，经常在佣人室里争吵。
was not unusual:不寻常
In such environment, it's not unusual that in this situation pure love and maternal instincts abate.
在这样的环境里，真正的女性即展现着纯真的爱和母性本能的女人日益减少，又有什么奇怪呢？
's not unusual:这不是罕见的
The doing justice that board of directors of fine horse net un makes incident to go up in this is transparent, not any "abet of behind the curtain".
并且，骏网董事会在这次事件上的一切行为完全符合法律要求，欢迎司法机构来骏网调查了解。
, not any "abet:,而不是任何“支持者”
Mr Brown. You must bring your bankbook and ID card (Passport) go to the bank where you open it, to report the loss of bankcard in five days, If not this freeze will fall into abeyance.
先生，您必须在五天内带上存折及身份证去办理书面挂失手续，否则口头挂失会失效。
If not this:如果不是这样
They abhor me, and flee far from me, and are not afraid to spit in my face.
他们因憎恶我而远离我，竟任意向我脸上吐唾沫。
are not afraid:他们不会害怕
Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance, that ye commit not any one of these abominable customs, which were committed before you, and that ye defile not yourselves therein: I am the LORD your God.
所以你们要守我所吩咐的、免得你们随从那些可憎的恶俗、就是在你们以先的人所常行的、以致玷污了自己．我是耶和华你们的神。
commit not any:不许任何
Do not use acid or the cleaner that has abrade effect, steel wire is brushed come "torment" faucet (the flower asperses).
切勿用酸性的或具研磨作用的清洁剂、钢丝刷来“折磨”水龙头（花洒）。
Do not use:不使用
Contents of accession register include but not limit t name, date of birth, address, ID number, signature.
入厂登记表应包括的内容有：姓名，出生日期，地址，身份证号码，员工签名，入厂日期，相片。
but not limit:但不能限制
Double spec, All things are double spec, Accessory are not double, let you have a relaxing environment, easier to his the BOSS!
双倍属性设置，即所有的物品装备的属性都是双倍的，首饰除外，让你打怪更轻松，打boss更容易！
are not double:不是双重的
The obscurity was such that he did not fear to accost the first lawyer whom he met. "What stage have they reached, sir?"
前厅异常阴暗，因此他放胆随便找了个律师，便问：“先生，”他说，“案子进行到什么程度了？”
did not fear:不害怕
The family was adamant that the tickets not be scalped and the Los Angeles Police Department is prepared to charge those they catch.
杰克逊的家庭成员坚决反对门票的倒卖的行为，洛杉矶警局也做好了起诉被捕黄牛党的准备。
tickets not be scalped:不计票额
"He( has) a large pink face, not much neck, small watery blue eyes, and thick blonde hair.
“他有一张粉红色的银盘大脸，脖子很短，一对水汪汪的蓝眼睛，浓密的金发。
, not much neck:,没有太多的脖子
"why do not you get the hell out of my life, "he snap.
"你给我滚, "他厉声叫道。
do not you:你不是吗?
"'Count of Morcerf,' said the president, 'do not allow yourself to be cast down;
‘马尔塞夫伯爵阁下，’主席说，‘您就难道被压倒了吗？
do not allow:不允许
"A 69-year-old female patient was hospitalized in this hospital from March18 to 26,1995 because of severe general malaise following a cold. She did not have a good rest. Her trouble became aggravated."
69岁女病人因感冒、发热,休息差,病情加重
did not have a good rest:没有好好休息
"A Braille code for English was not adopted until 1932. Modifications also exist for other languages, for mathematical and technical material, and for musical notation."
直到1932年英语国家才普遍接受布拉耶盲字。其它的语言、数学和技术资料、音乐符号都可用布拉耶盲字来表示。
was not adopted:没有通过
"After he left Nantah, Mr. Pan did not use the name Pan Guoqu very often."
离开南大之后,潘先生少用潘国渠之名。
did not use:没有使用
"Ah,"said the inspector, "you have not the latest news from Italy?"
“见鬼！亲爱的，”巡察员说，“你从意大利得来的新闻已经是老皇历啦
have not the latest news:没有最新的新闻
"Also, people who sell their house on their own must not value their time much."
此外,直接出售自己房子的人也很难足额估计自己房产的价值。
must not:不得
"At least pretend to like studying, so as not to provoke your father and give him a chance to speak well of you to his friends. "
"只作出个喜读书的样子来,也教老爷少生些气,在人前也好说嘴"
as not to provoke:不挑衅
"Aye, so it is,"cried her mother, "and Mrs. Long does not come back till the day before;
“唔，原来如此，”她的母亲嚷道，“郎格太太可要挨到开跳舞会的前一天才能赶回来；
does not come:不来
"Batik: Method of dyeing textiles, principally cottons, in which patterned areas are covered with wax so that they will not receive colour."
巴蒂克印花法: 将纺织品染色的方法,主要是棉织物,将图案部分涂蜡以防着色。
will not receive colour:不接受颜色
"But because of this, both Mike and I just could not go along with the standard dogma that our teachers preached, and that caused the problems. "
因此,迈克和我很难遵循老师所教的那些传统的教条,这样问题就来了。
could not go:不能走了
"But happening to see this girl two days before leaving he decided to buy her and take her along, not knowing the trouble that would come of it. "
"头起身两日前,就偶然遇见这丫头,意欲买了就进京的,谁知闹出这事来."
, not knowing:,不知道
"But if the Lord does something new, opening the earth to take them in, with everything which is theirs, and they go down living into the underworld, then it will be clear to you that the Lord has not been honoured by these men."
倘若耶和华创作一件新事，使地开口，把他们和一切属他们的都吞下去，叫他们活活地坠落阴间，你们就明白这些人是藐视耶和华了。
has not been honoured:没有得到荣誉
"Casein colours dry quickly and, they have more body than eggtempera paints, they can be applied with bristle brushes to create impasto textures not unlike those of oils."
酪蛋白颜料干燥较快，具有比蛋彩颜料更高的稠度，可用硬画笔创造出与油画相似的厚涂质感
textures not unlike:纹理不异于
"Do you not think with me, M. de Villefort, that General Quesnel, whom they believed attached to the usurper, but who was really entirely devoted to me, has perished the victim of a Bonapartist ambush?"
“维尔福先生，人们都以为这位奎斯奈尔将军是追随逆贼的，但实际上他却是完全忠心于我的，我觉得他是拿破仑党所设的一次圈套的牺牲品，你是否与我有同感？”
you not think:你不认为
"Experimental attempts may have Begun by 1709, But not until 1783 did J.-M. and J.-e. Montgolfier develop a fabric-bag Balloon that would rise when filled with hot air."
1709年人类开始作实验性的尝试,但一直至1783年法国蒙戈尔费埃兄弟才发展出一种纤维织物袋气球,其在充满热空气后即可浮升。
But not until:但直到
"Experimental attempts may have Begun by 1709, But not until 1783 did J.-M. and J.-é. Montgolfier develop a fabric-bag Balloon that would rise when filled with hot air."
1709年人类开始作实验性的尝试,但一直至1783年法国蒙戈尔费埃兄弟才发展出一种纤维织物袋气球,其在充满热空气后即可浮升。
But not until:但直到
"For as the thoughts of his heart are, so is he: Take food and drink, he says to you; but his heart is not with you."
因为他心怎样思量，他为人就是怎样。他虽对你说，请吃，请喝。他的心却与你相背。
is not with:不是与
"For though the waste places of your land have been given to destruction, now you will not be wide enough for your people, and those who made you waste will be far away."
至于你荒废凄凉之处，并你被毁坏之地，现今众民居住必显为太窄。吞灭你的必离你遥远。
will not be wide enough:不会够宽的
"He also grows trees near his fields. This will help stop the force of "the wind and then it can not blow the top-soil away. "
农民还在自己田地附近植树。树木能阻挡风力，以免风把表土刮走。
can not blow:不能吹
"He grab at the boy, but can not save him from falling."
他想抓住那男孩儿，然而那孩子还是跌倒了。
can not save him from falling:不能救他掉下去
"I might give you strength with my mouth, and not keep back the comfort of my lips."
但我必用口坚固你们，用嘴消解你们的忧愁。
and not keep:并不能保持
"I would not wish for a better to sail round the world."
“如果叫我去环航全球，我只要这么一艘船就足够了。”
would not wish:不希望
"I'm not much of a celebrity, though. How can I be lined up with people like Respected Mr. Z and Mr. J?
“我算什么名人，哪能比他们两老。
'm not much:我不多
"If I can be of service, do not hesitate to call on me."
有用得着我的地方，尽管来找我。
do not hesitate to call on me:请不要犹豫地给我打电话
"If we can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to tell us."
如果我们能有所帮助的话，请即告诉我们。
do not hesitate to tell us:请不要犹豫告诉我们
"If we want to live a peaceful and democratic life, we cannot help object to war."
如果我们要过和平与民主的生活，一定要反对战争。
can not help:不能帮助
"If you look in the mirror and see a spot, do not touch it, squeeze it or pick at it. "
发现身上的小斑点时,切忌触摸,挤压或抓弄。
do not touch:不要碰
"In some countries if the message is not readily distinguishable from a medium' s editorial or program content, the notation "This is an advertisement"and the name of the advertiser or sponsoring organization are included. "
在一些国家，当广告与媒体的编辑文章和节目内容容易混淆时，常会出现"此系广告"标志和广告客户及赞助公司的名称。
is not readily:不那么容易
"In this way may the children of Israel be made free from all sorts of unclean conditions, so that death may not overtake them when they are unclean and when they make unclean my holy place which is among them."
你们要这样使以色列人与他们的污秽隔绝，免得他们玷污我的帐幕，就因自己的污秽死亡。
may not overtake:不能超过
"Incidence peaks in the fall. Treatment involves rest, adequate fluid intake, and over-the-counter remedies for the symptoms. Antibiotics do not combat the virus But may be given if secondary infections develop. "
普通感冒的发病率以秋季最高。治疗是缓解症状,结合休息及充足的液体补给。偶给抗生素以预防继发感染。
do not combat:不要战斗
"It's not for a deck-swab like him to put on airs,"Mr. Higginbatham snorted.
“他这么个起码水手，也配摆架子，”希金波森先生哼着说。
's not for:不是为了
"It's not for a deck-swab like him to put on airs,"Mr. Higginbotham snorted."Particular!"
“像他那种擦甲板的角色，还拿什么架子，”希金波坦先生嗤之以鼻，“挑剔！
's not for:不是为了
"Let your eyes be looking down from heaven, from your holy and beautiful house: where is your deep feeling, the working of your power? do not keep back the moving of your pity and your mercies:"
求你从天上垂顾，从你圣洁荣耀的居所观看。你的热心和你大能的作为在哪里呢?你爱慕的心肠和怜悯向我们止住了。
do not keep:不要保持
"Make ready a place of death for his children, because of the evil-doing of their father; so that they may not come up and take the earth for their heritage, covering the face of the world with waste places."
先人既有罪孽，就要预备杀戮他的子孙，免得他们兴起来，得了遍地，在世上修满城邑。
may not come:可能不会来
"Mr.Wilson, not a little astonished at this outbreak- for he was a grandfatherly sort of personage, and usually a vast favourite with children- essayed, however, to proceed with the examination."
威尔逊先生对这一反抗举动颇为吃惊--因为他是老爷爷般的人物,通常极受孩子们的喜爱--但他仍继续他的测验。
, not a little:,不是一点
"Now do not get in my way, for my wrath is burning against them; I will send destruction on them, but of you I will make a great nation."
你且由着我，我要向他们发烈怒，将他们灭绝，使你的后裔成为大国。
do not get in my way:不要妨碍我
"On some hay on the ground, with a cushion thrown under his head, lay a handsome peasant boy--a boy of not more than seventeen at the most.
“一个英俊的农村少年躺在地上的干草里，头下枕着一个扔在地上的垫子。他最多只有十七岁。
of not more than:不超过
"People now have to respond to customers 24-7 or you're not being competitive,"explains Barry Lawrence of the Reston, Va. -based Career Builder, which queried more than 3,200 respondents in May for the survey.
巴瑞-劳伦斯来自这家总部设在弗吉尼亚莱斯顿的Career builder公司，这家公司5月份对3,200多名随机受访者做了一项休假中是否继续工作的调查。劳伦斯总结调查结果说："公司往往承诺每周七天，每天二十四小时全天候为顾客提供服务，否则他们的公司将会缺乏竞争力。
're not being:他们不是
"So I will not be short of cash over the holiday, I am going to the bank and get some money. "
我最好去银行领些钱,以免假日缺钱用
will not be:将不会
"So that there may not be among you any man or woman or family or tribe whose heart is turned away from the Lord our God today, to go after other gods and give them worship; or any root among you whose fruit is poison and bitter sorrow;"
惟恐你们中间，或男或女，或族长或支派长，今日心里偏离耶和华我们的神，去事奉那些国的神。又怕你们中间有恶根生出苦菜和茵陈来，
may not be:可能不是
"So that you may not be turned to evil ways and make for yourselves an image in the form of any living thing, male or female,"
惟恐你们败坏自己，雕刻偶像，仿佛什么男像女像，
may not be:可能不是
"Some China nationals who have long resided and worked here feel "lonely", partly for lack of friends' company - and actually because not much cultural pastime is available."
几位长期在这里工作的中国人都有"孤独"的感觉,这种孤独表面上是缺乏朋友之间的交流,实际上折射了这里文化生活的寂寞。
because not much:因为没有太多
"THE grass-plot before the jail, in Prison Lane, on a certain summer morning, not less than two centuries ago, was occupied by a pretty large number of the inhabitants of Boston; "
二百多年前一个夏日的上午,狱前街上牢房门前的草地上,满满地站着好大一群波士顿的居民,
, not less than two centuries ago:至少两个世纪前
"Take care that you do not let the agreement of the Lord your God, which he has made with you, go out of your mind, or make for yourselves images of any sort, against the orders which the Lord your God has given you."
你们要谨慎，免得忘记耶和华你们神与你们所立的约，为自己雕刻偶像，就是耶和华你神所禁止你作的偶像。
do not let:不要让
"The boat lay about one hundred yards from the water, and not more."
这条船离水边顶多有一百码。
and not more:而不是更多
"The children to whom you gave birth in other lands will say in your ears, The place is not wide enough for me: make room for me to have a resting-place."
你必听见丧子之后所生的儿女说，这地方我居住太窄，求你给我地方居
is not wide:不宽
"Then quickly crying out to his body-servant, he said to him, Take out your sword and put an end to me straight away, so that men may not say of me, His death was the work of a woman. So the young man put his sword through him, causing his death."
他就急忙喊叫拿他兵器的少年人，对他说，拔出你的刀来，杀了我吧。免得人议论我说，他为一个妇人所杀。于是少年人把他刺透，他就死了。
may not say:不能说
"They are not up to date, I'm afraid. True history has been pushed back twice in this century."
这些文献需要更新。中华文明史在本世纪中已两次往前推。
are not up to date:没有最新资料
"Things turn into their opposites when they reach the extreme"; when mistakes pile up, light is not far off.
“物极必反”，错误成了堆，光明就会到来。
is not far:不远
"This is what we will do to them: we will not put them to death, for fear that wrath may come on us because of our oath to them."
我们要如此待他们，容他们活着，免得有忿怒因我们所起的誓临到我们身上。
will not put:不会放
"Truly men of low birth are nothing, and men of high position are not what they seem; if they are put in the scales together they are less than a breath."
下流人真是虚空，上流人也是虚假。放在天平里就必浮起。他们一共比空气还轻。
are not what they see:不是他们所看到的
"We loved one another from the first moment we met, though we did not speak of our love until the evening of my eighteenth birthday and all our friends and relatives had come to my party
"我和理查德是一见钟情，尽管直到我18岁生日那天我们才表示彼此的爱慕之情, 那天晚上的舞会上，我们的亲友都来了。
did not speak:没有说话
"Well, can not get away with write him a letter. "
噢,我必须给他回信。
can not get:不能取得
"Why not just go ahead and sleep in the same bed with the students!"
“干脆跟学生同床睡觉得了
Why not just:为什么不
"Wrath is cruel, and angry feeling an overflowing stream; but who does not give way before envy?"
忿怒为残忍，怒气为狂澜，惟有嫉妒，谁能敌得住呢?
does not give:不提供
"You shall have a notary, as you absolutely wish for one, sir,"said Villefort; "but I shall explain to him your state of health, and make excuses for you, for the scene cannot fail of being a most ridiculous one."
“既然你一定想要找一位公证人来，当然也可以，阁下，”维尔福说道，“但我要先把你的身体状况解释给他听，替你先说明一下，免得到时候的情形显得可笑。”
can not fail:不能失败
"a sale made on approval means that the customer has the right to return the goods within a specified time period. Therefore, the sale is not final until the customer' s intentions are known."
试用销售是消费者有权在规定时限内返还商品的销售方式。因此，消费者意图明朗时销售才算完成。
is not final until:直到最后
"and I will come down and have talk with you there: and I will take some of the spirit which is on you and put it on them, and they will take part of the weight of the people off you, so that you do not have to take it by yourself."
我要在那里降临，与你说话，也要把降于你身上的灵分赐他们，他们就和你同当这管百姓的重任，免得你独自担当。
do not have:没有
"and if your brother becomes poor and is not able to make a living, then you are to keep him with you, helping him as you would a man from another country who is living among you."
你的弟兄在你那里若渐渐贫穷，手中缺乏，你就要帮补他，使他与你同住，像外人和寄居的一样。
is not able:不能
"and they said, Come, let us make a town, and a tower whose top will go up as high as heaven; and let us make a great name for ourselves, so that we may not be wanderers over the face of the earth."
他们说，来吧，我们要建造一座城和一座塔，塔顶通天，为要传扬我们的名，免得我们分散在全地上。
may not be:可能不是
"and they said, The God of the Hebrews has come to us: let us then go three days' journey into the waste land to make an offering to the Lord our God, so that he may not send death on us by disease or the sword."
他们说，希伯来人的神遇见了我们。求你容我们往旷野去，走三天的路程，祭祀耶和华我们的神，免得他用瘟疫，刀兵攻击我们。
may not send:不能发送
'Am I not?' Mr. Lorry opened his hands, and extended them outwards with an argumentative smile.
“难道我见过你么？” 罗瑞张开两臂，摊开了双手，带着争辩的微笑。
I not ?:不是吗?
'Do not touch exhibitions. Some of them are dangerous! 'The objects on display were pieces of moving sculpture.
“切勿触摸展品，有些展品有危险
Do not touch:不要触摸
'Forgive me, forgive me, 'he said, 'grief magnifies the feelings. Allow me to stay a few minutes more, long enough to dry my eyes so that idlers in the street shall not stare to see a grown man weeping as though he were a freak.
“请原谅，请原谅，”他对我说，“痛苦使人神经过敏，请让我再呆一会儿，好让我抹抹眼泪，免得街上的行人把我当成一个呆子，这么大一个人还哭鼻子。
shall not stare:他们不会凝视
(4) where the request does not contain the name and address of the applicant;
（四）请求书中缺少申请人姓名或者名称及地址的；
does not contain:不包含
(saying)too many cooks,spoil the broth (if too many people are involved in sth,it will not be done properly)
(谚)厨子多了做坏了汤（人多反倒误事）
will not be:将不会
1 Cor. 9:12 If others partake of this right over you, should not rather we?
林前九12若别人在你们身上分享这权利，何况我们？
should not rather:不应该
NIV] All who are under the yoke of slavery should consider their masters worthy of full respect, so that God's name and our teaching may not be slandered.
1 [和合]凡在轭下作1仆人的，当以自己主人配受十分的恭敬，免得神的2名和3道理，被人亵渎。
may not be:可能不是
10.6 A definitive anti-dumping duty may be levied on products which were entered for consumption not more than 90 days prior to the date of application of provisional measures, when the authorities determine for the dumped product in question that:
10.6 如主管机关对所涉倾销产品做出如下确定，则最终反倾销税可对在实施临时措施之日前90天内进口供消费的产品征收：
consumption not more 90 days:使用不超过90天
2.Agoraphobia: Contrarily, someone suffering from this problem cannot stand op0en spaces---very large rooms, public areas that have few people(empty theaters, for example),etc.
2、agoraphobia相反，这类患者难以忍受开阔的空间——很大的房间，人员稀少的公共场所（比如说空的剧场），等等。
can not stand:不能忍受
A capitalist will not stick at any meanness in making money.
只要能赚钱，资本家什么卑鄙的勾当都干得出来。
will not stick at any meanness:不会坚持任何不礼貌的行为
A charge is levied by the bank each time the holder of an account overdraws--that is, each time the person writes a check which is not covered by the amount on deposit in the account.
每次存款人透支，即开出的支票票额超过银行里存款数额，银行便要增收透支费。
is not covered:不包括
A coffin burger sounds like it might not be good for your health.
“棺材板”听起来或许有害健康，
might not be:可能不是
A large part of the test effort, of not the greatest part, now is directed toward calibration of bias torques.
大部分，甚至是绝大部分的试验尝试，现在正朝着偏值力矩的定标方向发展。
of not the greatest part:不是最大的部分
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。
is not old:不是老的
A nurse has to take care not to inject air into the bloodstream of her patients.
护士必须小心，避免将空气注入病人的血流中。
care not to:不关心
A professional boxer weighing more than118 and not more than126 pounds(approximately53.5-57 kilograms), heavier than a bantamweight and lighter than a lightweight.
次轻量级拳击运动员体重在118到126磅（大约53。5－67公斤）之间的专业拳击手，比最轻级拳击手重，但比轻量级选手轻
and not more:而不是更多
A resizing idiom for graphical objects must be visually bold to differentiate itself from parts of the drawing, especially the object it controls, and it must not obscure the user’s view of the object and the area around it.
用于调节图形对象大小的习惯用法在视觉上必须很醒目地将其自身与图画的组成部分，尤其是它所控制的对象区分开来，并且必须考虑对象及其周围区域的视图。
must not obscure:不能掩饰
A soft, brownish - black coal in which the alteration of vegetable matter has proceeded further than in peat but not as far as in bituminous coal.
褐煤一种褐色软质煤，植物性物质的变化程度比泥煤重但比烟煤轻
but not as:但不是这样
A whitish speck flattened against the rock does not prevent the condor from soaring aloft.
神鹰遗了一堆白色的秽物在岩石上，仍旧翱翔自如。
does not prevent:不阻止
AMSTERDAM( Reuters)- Nokia will unveil its first mainstream flip phone and a music player next week, but industry observers said on Thursday the products would not inspire the ardor needed to claw back market share.
诺基亚下周就将推出其首款主流折叠手机和一款音乐播放器，但行业观察家昨天表示这些产品很难激发出足够市场热情并且重夺失去的市场份额。
would not inspire:不会令人鼓舞
Absolutely. But I really admire how he's not afraid to stray from the story to relate to the world of his readers.
确实，而且我很钦佩他勇于偏离故事主轴，而与读者置身的现代世界做一结合。
's not afraid:不害怕
Abstract words are beyond [outside, not within] the ken of children.
抽象的言辞超出小孩所理解的范围。
, not within:,不包括
According to the local people, even today they may, from time to time while working in the fields, dig up handfuls of rusty arrowheads or other kinds of weaponry. It is not hard to imagine how tragically furious the fighting then was.
据当地人说，耕作时，经常发现成把的箭镞等古代兵器，可以想象，当年的战斗是何等悲壮。
is not hard to imagine:难以想象的
Adhere to the principle of democratic centralism; do not act arbitrarily or stay feeble and lax.
坚持民主集中制,反对独断专行、软弱涣散
do not act:不采取行动
Afraid of being entered in the other register, such people try various devices to gain admission into the peasant associations, on which their minds are so set that they do not feel safe until their names are entered.
那些人怕入另册，便多方设法求入农会，一心要想把他们的名字写上那农会的册子才放心。
do not feel safe:不觉得安全
After 1997 those of you who are 60 or 70 will not be as energetic as you are today. There are many young people among us here; they have an advantage over us in this respect.
一九九七年以后，在座的六七十岁的人，那时精力就差些了，但在座的有很多年轻人，年轻人有优势。
will not be as energetic:不会像以前那样精力充沛
After a few years, sure enough the three qualities remain, but not in the same order she is an aristocrat in the kitchen, a devil in the living room and an economist in bed.
若干年后，这三项优点依然存在，可是秩序有点变动：在厨房她是贵族、在客厅她是恶魔、在床上她是经济学者。
but not in the same order:但不是同样的顺序
After crossing a river, you should get far away from it. When an invading force crosses a river in its onward march, do not advance to meet it in mid-stream.It will be Best to let half the army get across,and then deliver your attack.
绝水必远水﹔客绝水而来,勿迎之于水内,令半济而击之,利﹔
do not advance:不要提前
After listening to the reports, which were not impressive, Henry got angry.
这些汇报都很一般，亨利听了以后，大发雷霆。
were not impressive:不令人印象深刻
After the surplus size of the thick liquid trough is retrieved or put, can put the branch water properly, heat, wash the pipeline which sends the thick liquid material with pump circulation again, so as not to stop up.
浆槽的剩余浆液回收或放掉后，可适当放入清水、用蒸汽加温，再用泵循环清洗输送浆料的管路，以免堵塞。
as not to:如不
All the wit in the world is not in one head.
世间的所有智慧岂能仅存于一个脑海中。
is not in:不在
Alliteration and assonance is not only a language phenomenon, but also an artistic one in poems.
摘要诗歌中的双声叠韵既是语言现象，又是艺术现象。
is not only:不仅
Already there were fifty or more, and those at the head, by their demeanour, evidently congratulated themselves upon not having so long to wait as those at the foot.
排在头上的人，他们的行动明显地表示出他们在庆幸自己可以比排在后面的人少等一些时间。
upon not having so long:没有那么长的时间
Although I was glad to hear the sound, yet my gladness was not without admixture.
虽然我很高兴听到他的声音，但这高兴中也夹杂着别的成分。
was not without:不是没有
Although he is the strongest man in England, he would not say boo to a goose.
尽管他是英国最强的人，可他胆小怕事。
would not say:不会说
And if you cannot but weep when your soul summons you to prayer. She would spur you again and yet again, though weeping, until you shall come laughing.
倘若你们的灵魂召唤你们祈祷时，你们只能哭泣，那么她会在哭泣中一直激励你们，直到你们破涕为笑。
can not but:不能但
And pollsters believe that they may not make up their mind until they enter the polling booth.
民意测验专家们认为她们可能只有走进投票站后才能打定主意。
may not make:不能作出
And the Major, who had not read more than six pages of Pen's book, put on his sanctified look, saying,"Yes, there are some passages quite affecting."
潘的书，少校只读了六页，但现在他也装得郑重其事的，插进来说道：“对，有几段确实感动人”。
had not read more than:没有读过超过
And you can look things up on the Internet, also you can check not just your library, but all the different libraries in the States, because they are all on the net.
你可以在网上浏览，还可以查一些其它图书馆的资料，因为所有的图书馆都联网了。
check not just:不仅仅检查
And your tires shall be upon your heads, and your shoes upon your feet: ye shall not mourn nor weep; but ye shall pine away for your iniquities, and mourn one toward another.
结24:23你们仍要头上勒裹头巾、上穿鞋．可悲哀哭泣．们必因自己的罪孽相对叹息、渐消灭。
shall not mourn:不会悲伤
And, had it not been for a fortuitous discovery long after her death in the attic of their house, hers would have been a supporting role.
而正是她死后多年在他们家阁楼的一次幸运发现，使得她的声音也成了本书的主角。
it not been for a fortuitous discovery long after:很久以后,这并不是一次偶然的发现
Any such delegation or revocation shall be in writing and shall not take effect until a copy there of has been delivered to the Employer and the Contractor.
任何此类委托或撤回均应采取书面形式,并且在其副本送达雇主或承包商之后,始得发生效力。
shall not take:不得采取
Apparently she set great store by every moment of this final day: she was not going to let it slip by unrecorded.
好像所有这最末一天经过她的思想都重要起来，都必得留下一个痕迹。
was not going:不打算
As a minimum unit abstracted from a moral system, a moral element cannot keep in contact with anything, and only remains the basic meaning of itself.
摘要道德单元是从道德系统中抽象出来的最小单位，它暂时舍弃了与其它因素的联系，因而只剩下独立的基本涵义。
can not keep:不能保留
As described above, team leaders cannot choose their own hero until all AI have hero.
如上所述，小组队长（常是玩家）所有ai都拥有英雄后，才可选择自己的英雄.
can not choose:不能选择
As far as I am concerned the matter is closed, ie will not be discussed further.
对我来说, 事情已了结.
will not be discussed further:不予进一步讨论
As far as oil energy is concerned, we cannot be too frugal.
就石油能源而言，我们愈节省愈好。
can not be too frugal:不能太节俭
As for people who do not know about history, for lack of a better term, we shall refer to them as "history-illiterates".
那么，历史知识一片空白的人当然应称为史盲。
do not know about history:不了解历史
As for the protection of disabled children, the state is not able to amass in a short period enough money to fully satisfy the actual needs in the protection of these children.
在残疾儿童的保护方面，国家在较短的时间内还难以筹集到更多的经费，充分满足保护残疾儿童的实际需要；
is not able:不能
As for those who have lost their bearings and are not of one mind with the Party, you should also earnestly persuade them to confess their errors to the Party, telling them that the Party will surely forgive them.
就是对于那种“两条心”的失足分子，也应好好地鼓励他向党坦白，使他懂得对党说了，党是一定对他宽大的。
are not of one mind with the Party:他们与党不一致
As for your Elizabeth's picture, you must not attempt to have it taken, for what painter could do justice to those beautiful eyes?"
至于尊夫人伊丽莎白，可千万别让别人替她画像，天下哪一个画家能够把她那一双美丽的眼睛画得维妙维肖？”
must not attempt:不得尝试
As it was, it did not go beyond the light assumption of words.
但是这种随便只限于说话随便而已，口气总是很尊敬的。
did not go beyond:没有超过
As my bag is too heavy and the wall is a little high, I cannot put it aver.
我的包很重，墙又有点儿高，所以我难以把它弄过去。
can not put:不能放
As she obtained the clue to their import, her impatience could not admit of delay.
她一旦摸清内容的大略，就焦急万分。
could not admit of delay:不能承认拖延
As soon as he was seated in his study, Wu Sun-fu sent for the butler. His first order was "Send for Dr. Ting"; his second was "I'm not at home to visitors";
到书房里坐定后，吴荪甫吩咐当差的第一个命令是“请丁医生”，第二个命令是“生客拜访，一概挡驾”！
'm not at to visitors:我对游客不感兴趣
As soon as the rains were over, and the weather began to settle, which was about the month of November, I made a visit up the country to my bower, where though I had not been some months, yet I found all things just as I left them.
大约十一月,雨季刚过,天气开始转晴,我去了我的乡间茅舍。我离开那儿已好几个月了,但发现一切如旧。
had not been some months:没有几个月了
Assuredly, if the child had heard him, he would have been alarmed and would have taken good care not to show himself.
如果那孩子听见了，也一定会害怕，会好好地躲起来。
care not to show himself:小心不要炫耀自己
At first, he could not get rid of a culpable sense of licence on his part.
刚开始，就他这方面来讲，他对自己的放纵抱有一种难以摆脱的负疚感。
could not get:无法获得
At the Admiralty there was growing opinion that the Bismarck was steering for Brest, but it was not until six o'clock that this hardened.
海军部越来越相信“俾斯麦”号正驶往布雷斯特，但是直到六点钟，这个想法才肯定下来。
was not until:直到
Audition will be held in August, applicants should prepare1) Performance of a Musical Piece not more than5 minutes,2) Scales and3) Sight Reading for the audition.
乐团将于8月份进行试音，试音内容包括1)乐曲演奏（多于5分钟）2)音阶及3)视奏测试。
Piece not more:不多一点
Ay! We've not let grass grow under our feet in hunting out the man that did it!
唉！说时迟，那时快，我们立刻就把凶手抓到了！
've not let grass grow:没有让草生长
BODY: Medium length, well sprung ribs, not short coupled, slightly tapering, when viewed from above. Level topline. Chest broad and deep, well let down between forelegs.
身体：中等长度，肋骨扩张略大，前驱稍长。从上方看，整体略成圆锥形向尾部收缩。
, not short:,不短
Barbara：That would just burn me up. is not that the worst, having somebody talk behind your back?
芭芭拉：如果换我的话，那简直会气炸的。世界上难道还有比人家在您背后造谣生事还恶劣的事吗？
is not  that the worst:这不是最糟糕的情况
Be careful when taking Tram. Tram is not available24 hours a day, make a good time arrangement is recommended!
上下缆车时应注意安全，金顶索道有时间限制，请注意安排时间。
is not available24:不可用24
Beauty is as summer fruits, which are easy to corrupt, and cannot last; and for the most part it makes a dissolute youth, and an age a little out of countenance; but yet certainly again, if it light well, it maketh virtue shine,and vices blush.
美有如盛夏的水果，而容易腐烂而难保持的,世上有许多美人,他们有过放荡青春，却迎受着愧悔的晚年。因此，把美的形貌与美的德行结合起来吧。只有这样，美会放射出真正的光辉。
can not last:不能持续
Because many of these applications perform esoteric functions—such as printer drivers or communications concentrators—the messages from them must take particular care not to confuse users or lead to misunderstandings.
因为很多程序要完成的是深奥抽象的功能，如打印机驱动程序或者通信集中器——必须特别小心处理来自它们的消息，防止用户困惑或者误解。
care not to:不关心
Because of the delay, the ship did not get under way until midnight.
因耽搁，船到午夜才出海。
did not get:没有得到
Because the burden of proof is much lighter in a tort action, it is possible to prevail in a tort case while the state does not succeed in its related criminal prosecution.
由于侵权诉讼中的举证责任要轻得多,所以相对于国家在其刑事起诉中的举证困难来讲,在侵权案件中的举证责任更为简便易行。
does not succeed:没有成功
Beer cans and abandoned clothing speckled the lawn outside#9- a scene not unfamiliar to your average college student, if this were the aftermath of a frat party.
啤酒罐，丢弃的衣服在9号外的草坪上星罗棋布----如果这是兄弟会聚会的残局遗骸，这该是你们普通大学生熟悉的一幕。
scene not unfamiliar:不陌生的景象
Before moving furniture,take out the articles in it and lift it off ground,do not drag it against the ground.
搬动家具时，必须取出物品，将其产品抬离地面方可移动，切忌在地面上拖动家具。
do not drag:不要拖
Beginners shall not be issued "Patent Agent Work Permit"until after a full year of apprenticeship.
初次从事专利代理工作的人员，实习满一年后，专利代理机构方可发给《专利代理人工作证》。
shall not be:不得
Behind Yao Ming's three blocks and a scrambling defense, the Rockets stopped everyone not named Dwayne Wade. Wade was the only Miami player that finished scoring in double figures.
在姚明的3次火锅之后，和火箭一系列死缠烂打。热队的球员几乎都被冻结，只有一个叫韦德的人抽风，是热队唯一得分上双的球员。
everyone not named:所有没有名字的人
Between 1940 and 1983, 483 children were conceived through anonymous DI at the private Exeter clinic, most by affluent middle- class mothers, not factory girls like Christine's mum.
从1940至1983年，埃克塞特的这家私人诊所通过匿名捐精者精液的人工授精孕育了483个孩子。他们的母亲大多是富裕的中产阶级，像克里斯蒂娜母亲这样当工人的极少。
, not factory:,而不是工厂
Beware that your hearts are not deceived, and that you do not turn away and serve other gods and worship them.
申11:16你们要谨慎、得心中受迷惑、偏离正路、事奉敬拜别神。
are not deceived:不被欺骗
Both sides have valid points. It was difficult to go to work for one of the biggest capitalists in town and come home to a father who was a prominent government leader. It was not easy knowing who to believe.
我相信双方都有其正确的地方,然而,为镇上最大的资本家工作和生活在作为杰出政府官员的爸爸家,这两件事绞在一起显然变得越来越难以协调了。
was not easy:不是件容易的事
But Nurse Austen was not too busy to acknowledge with a long, friendly letter every gift of food or clothing received for distribution to the natives in that bleak and barren outpost of the north.
可是，她再忙也要写一封封长长的、亲切的信，感谢为这个地处北澳大利亚边区荒凉、贫困的村落寄来食品和衣服的每一位捐助者。
was not too busy :没太忙了
But Zhao Yun is not available; only Zhang Fei is around at the moment."Knowing that Ma Chao was attacking the pass, Zhang Fei came to ask for a fight against him.
但赵云在外,只有张飞在此。张飞见马超攻关,大叫着请战。
is not available:不可用
But although the workers have lost some of their economic power, they have not lost their votes and may yet use them to redress the balance.
然而，尽管工人们经济实力减弱，但他们仍然握有投票权，可以利用它们争取缩小下贫富差距。
have not lost:没有失去
But in some animals, certain muscle-cells have become so specialized as electrical generators that they do not work as muscle cells at all.
但一些动物的某些肌肉细胞能转化成一个个发电机，以致完全失去肌肉细胞的功能。
do not work:不工作
But knowing that does not always make it easier when you see a big spot on your face in the mirror.
当你照镜子发现脸上有一块很大的斑时,并不总是容易的
does not always make it easier:并不总是容易的
But not so the sedate gentleman in the black bowler hat who made quite a fool of himself.
然而，那位头戴黑色圆顶硬礼帽、举止稳重的人，却出了洋相。
But not so the sedate gentleman:可这位镇定的绅士却不是这样
But not wanting it to cool down, he put it under the quilt to keep it warm.
可是因为怕爸爸那碗面凉掉，所以放进了棉被底下保温。
But not wanting:但不想
But now that China is making progress towards a more open society, I'm surprised to find media organisations which have not kept up with the changes - they are stuck in the mode of looking at today's China with yesterday's mindset.
它们还是习惯于在用那种已经过时的标尺，来衡量中国的现实。
have not kept up with the changes:他们没有跟上这些变化
But on the night of 15th, at her last show, no matter how hard hearted one is, when one saw Anita Mui in wedding gown walking arm in arm with Andy Lau along the red carpet just like a pair of newly wed, one could not help but feeling very sad.
然而在大前晚的演唱会上，铁石心肠的人看到身穿婚纱的梅艳芳挽着同样盛装的刘德华“俨如一对新人走红地毯”，也难免心酸。
could not help:无法帮助
But she could not get over the idea that to earn her living was somewhat undignified.
但是尽管如此，她却认为自己谋生糊口有失身份。
could not get:无法获得
But she never suspected that she was not an angel of healing and the balm of Gilead in disguise, to the suffering neighbors.
可她满以为带的是灵丹妙药，自己是华佗再世，这下受苦受难的邻里有救了。
she never suspected that she was not an angel:她从不怀疑她不是天使
But there cannot be much spirit of self-government about us if we take away or allow others to take away from them almost the whole of the results of their labour.
若我们夺去、或任由他人夺去他们绝大部分劳动成果，还有什么自治精神可言。
can not be:不能是
But while you are crowing over your imaginary success, see if it does not return with seven devils worse than its former self.
可是你正在为这种空洞的胜利自鸣得意的时候，它却又会卷土重来，而且还要厉害个十倍八倍呢。
does not return with seven devils worse than its former self:不会有七个恶魔比自己以前更坏的回来
But wilt thou accept not the worship the heart lifts above
难道你竟然会摈弃我呈上的虔诚崇拜；
accept not the:不接受
But, throughout it all, and through the whole discourse, there had been a certain deep, sad undertone of pathos, which could not be interpreted otherwise than as the natural regret of one soon to pass away.
但是，贯穿布道词始终的，一直有某种低沉、哀伤的悲调，使人们只能将其解释为一个即将告别人世的人的自然的忏悔。
could not be interpreted otherwise than:不能以其他方式解释
CAUTION: Do not use before driving or operating machinery. Not recommended if trying to conceive or for pregnant or lactating women. Keep out of the reach of children.
警告：孕妇，哺乳期间妇女忌用。此产品可令人昏睡，驾驶或使用机器前勿服。避免让儿童接触。
Do not use:不使用
Can we not emulate the people of those small countries, like Switzerland and Holland, which in many respects are in situations similar to ours, for whom bilingualism is the rule and trilingualism not uncommon?
像瑞士和荷兰,在众多方面与我们的情况相似，那些小国家的人民普遍地都懂三文两语，我们能否努力赶上他们？
we not emulate:我们不模仿
Caution do not cross in front of Buspassengers must not stand forward white line while Bus is in motion
当心请勿从汽车前面横穿汽车发动时乘客请站在白线以内
do not:不要
Coming out while you could not balance yourself on the soft, icy bushes,
你还在覆盖着冰的、富的弹性的灌木丛中东倒西歪，想保持身体重心时，它们就飞出来了，
could not balance:无法平衡
Connie stood with hands on hips, her face pointy and white with rage. "You're not going anyplace,"she said. "Your girl friend called and said she can't make it tonight.
康妮站在那儿，双手按着臀部，气得噘嘴瞪眼的，脸也发白了。
're not going:他们不会去的
Consider him who endured such opposition from sinful men, so that you will not grow weary and lose heart.
那忍受罪人这样顶撞的，你们要思想，免得疲倦灰心。
will not grow:不会增长
Cor.9:12 If others partake of this right over you, should not rather we?
林前九12若别人在你们身上分享这权利，何况我们？
should not rather:不应该
Customers can take out a prepared salad and need not fuss at home.
顾客可在这儿买现成的沙拉装在盒中带回去，免得回家再手忙脚乱地做饭。
need not fuss:不要吵架
Decent and hard-working as you are, why not stick it out here quietly for a while?
像你这么老实巴焦的，安安顿顿的在这儿混些日子，总比满天打油飞去强。
why not stick:为什么不坚持呢?
Definitely not having hard doing work feeling, but all methods of better wish all have some men.
除了全部更好愿望的方法全部都明确地有坚硬的做的工作感觉，有一些人。
Definitely not having:绝对没有
Desdemona. I am not merry; but I do beguile The thing I am, by seeming otherwise. Come, how wouldst thou praise me?
苔丝狄蒙娜我虽然心里愁闷，姑且强作欢容。来，你怎么赞美我？
am not merry:我不高兴
Do not attempt to adjust the vehicles Caster or Camber by heating, bending or by performing any other modification to the vehicle's front suspension components.
勿借加热、弯折、或以其他方法修改前悬吊系统组件，来调整车辆之后倾角或外倾角。
Do not attempt:不要尝试
Do not connect the battery negative cable at this timSee Airbag System in the Diagnosis and Testing section of this group for the proper procedures.
此时切勿连接电池负极电缆。有关相应的程序请参阅本单元的诊断与测试部分。
Do not connect:不连接
Do not dumb animals slaughter at will your appetite greedy to over fulfill.
勿贪口腹而恣杀性。
Do not dumb:不要愚蠢
Do not exceed the prescribed dose, ie quantity of medicine to be taken at one time.
勿超过规定剂量（药物的一次用量）.
Do not exceed:不要超过
Do not forget national humiliation in time of peace and security
毋忘在莒
Do not forget:不要忘记
Do not induce vomiting. Do not give patient any baking soda or emetics.
禁止诱导呕吐。禁止给病人碳酸氢钠或催吐剂。
Do not induce:不要诱导
Do not let the regular meetings take the place of frequent contact between the members
切勿以定期会议取代成员之间的频繁接触，
Do not let:不要让
Do not let the regular meetings take the place of frequent contact between the members.Telephone calls,notes,and even conversations in a hallway will keep the alliance primed for action when it meets in full,so that sudden developments can be addressed quickly.
切勿以定期会议取代成员之间的频繁接触，打电话、写留言条或是在走道上的谈话，都可以使成员获得会议时所需要的资讯，如此一来，便可在会议中迅速解决突发状况。
Do not let:不要让
Do not permit liquid oxygen or oxygen-enriched air to come in contact with organic materials or flammable or combustible substances of any kind.
严禁液氧或富氧空气接触有机材料或任何种类的可燃或易燃物质。
Do not permit:不准
Do not pour out the dirty water Before you have clean.
在你有干净水之前莫倒掉脏水。
Do not pour:不要倒
Do not put off the work of this day till tomorrow.
今日事，今日毕。
Do not put:不要放
Do not touch blade edge or grip area of hub blade.
请勿碰触刀锋或握把的地方
Do not touch:不要触摸
Do not use acetylene at pressures above 15 psig, the pressure where decomposition can begin, to avoid explosion and fire hazard.
禁止在15 psig以上的压力下使用乙炔，在此压力乙炔开始分解，以避免爆炸和起火的危险
Do not use:不使用
Do not you think it good for her to is on a diet?
你认为她吃减肥食谱好吗?
Do not you:不是吗?
Do you not rush through the world too hard, Mr. Henderson?
亨德森先生，您在世上的步履太匆忙了吧？
you not rush:你不要匆忙
Donald enjoys sea fishing and more often than not he catches enough for dinner.
唐纳德喜欢去海边钓鱼，他钓鱼常常足够他饱餐一顿。
more often than not he:比他更经常
Draw up your battle lines against Babylon on every side, All you who bend the bow; Shoot at her, do not be sparing with your arrows, For she has sinned against the Lord.
耶50:14所有拉弓的、们要在巴比伦的四围摆阵、箭攻击他．要爱惜箭枝、他得罪了耶和华。
do not be sparing:不要浪费时间
Dumbledore drew an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire to keep away anyone who was not yet seventeen years old.
划在地上的一条金色的细线，以防止那些过于年轻的人想要转越它（设，这条年龄界限也可以起到防止超过年龄界限的人穿越的作用。
was not yet:还没有
Each week's work leads to the next, so you cannot afford to fall behind.
周周内容环环相扣，一旦落后很难追上。
can not afford:不能承受
Edison's efforts to invent an electric light bulb did not pan out until he used tungsten wires.
爱迪生发明电灯泡的努力直到使用钨丝才获得成功。
did not pan:没有 pan
Ellie： Lock your door and let's rush down to the exit. We might just spot the thief if we're lucky. If not, you'll have to report the theft straight away.
爱丽：把门锁上，然后我们跑下去，到宿舍出口看看，幸运的话，或者可见到那小偷，否则得马上报案。
If not ,:若不,
Enlarge the place of your tent; Stretch out the curtains of your dwellings, spare not; Lengthen your cords And strengthen your pegs.
赛54:2要扩张你帐幕之地、大你居所的幔子、要限止、放长你的绳子、固你的橛子。
spare not ;:不惜;
Entertainment in Singapore seems less than impressive. Some China nationals who have long resided and worked here feel "lonely", partly for lack of friends' company, they say, and partly because not much cultural pastime is available.
新加坡的文化生活似乎很难给人留下深刻印象，几位长期在这里工作的中国人都有“孤独”的感觉，他们说，这种孤独表面上是缺乏朋友之间的交流，实际上折射了这里文化生活的寂寞。
because not much:因为没有太多
Even a more comprehensive package or a more generous baby bonus scheme will not make the better educated change their priority on career development and economic pursuit.
再完善的配套、再丰厚的花红也恐难动摇受过较高教育的人对经济和事业成果的重视。
will not make:不会使
Even though China's ascension to the WTO is not without domestic political risks, Beijing seems confident that it has everything firmly under its thumb.
入世对中国政府来说，毕竟是有一定的政治风险。
is not without:不是没有的
Even with their most sensitive apparatus, human chemists cannot approach this perfection.
人类的化学家即使利用最灵敏的仪器，也难以达到这样完善的程度。
can not approach:不能接近
Every night, more often than not, you'd find my father at the local pub.
每天晚上你大多能在附近的小酒店里找到我父亲。
more often  than not ,:更经常,
Every time a grocery clerk asks, "Paper or plastic?", the great debate between old and new, natural and synthetic, biodegradable and not, silently unfolds in a shopper's breast in the instant it takes to decide on the answer.
每当杂货店售货员问“要纸还是要塑料？”时，新旧观念、天然的还是合成的、能否进行生物分解等等问题就悄悄地在购物者考虑答案的瞬间，在他的心中展开争论了。
and not ,:不,
Every time the year ends and spring wakes, I cannot help thinking of you. I wish you happiness year after year.
每当岁暮春醒，从内心深处，幽然想起了你。祝福你，欢乐年年。
can not help:不能帮助
Faced with the Danish advance, Alfred did not risk open battle.
对付丹麦军的进攻，艾尔弗雷德尽力避开正面交锋。
did not risk:没有冒风险
False– The bartender should not prepare the second drink until that person's age or sobriety is established.
错：调酒师只有在确定了顾客的年龄和清醒状况后才能制作第二份酒水。
should not prepare:不应准备
First, the fiscal fountain of revenues from petrol taxes has begun to dry up: although there are ever more cars driving ever more miles, tax revenues have not held up because of ever more efficient vehicles— a trend likely to continue as electric and hybrid cars become more widespread.
首要的因素是燃油税收入日益枯竭：尽管越来越多的车辆行驶了越来越多的里程，税收却仍然难以应付，因为使用电力和混和燃料的车辆的增长已成为一种趋势。
have not held:尚未举行
First, the roads they designed had a firm footing. They also had good drainage and a wearing surface-the level that directly received the wear of traffic and could not be penetrated by water.
首先，他们设计的公路基础牢固，有良好的排水功能以及磨损面——就是直接承受车辆磨损的路面。这种路面还可防水渗透。
could not be:不能是
Firstly, we must pay much attention not to spill the oil; secondly, the quantity to the oil must correspond to the contract; thirdly the quality must comply with the required one; fourthly, we must take samples during bunkering.
首先，我们要严防跑油；第二，加油的数量要与合同相符；第三，质量要符合要求；最后，加油过程中我们要连续地取油样。
attention not to:不注意
Floats in satin and sateen fabrics tend to snag and abrade easily, thus, such fabrics are not as durable as plain or twill weave fabrics.
缎纹织物中的浮长线容易磨损、起毛或纤维被勾出。因此,这类织物的强度低于平纹织物和斜纹织物。
are not as:不象
For all its dazzle ---or perhaps because of it--molecular anthropology is not without critics.
或许正因如此，对这一切谜团，分子人类学受到了批评。
is not without:不是没有的
For all that sport teaches its participants I am not so sure it doesn't instruct its devotees even better.
因为体育教会运动员这些品质,我敢肯定它会教给为它而献身的人们更多。
am not so sure:我不太确定
For my part, as I was not much use at carrying, I was kept busy all day in the cave, packing the minted money into bread-bags.
我由于力气大小，只好整天呆在山洞里，将金币装进面包袋。
was not much:没有太多
For other reasons, China just begin its journey to walk with world's pace, many Chinese love China, but they can not find a way out since lack of too many knowledge.
至于其他的原因，你得了解，中国只是刚刚踏上了与国际接轨、同国际对话的新征程。
can not find:无法找到
For the sake of David Your servant, Do not turn away the face of Your anointed.
诗132:10求你因你仆人大卫的缘故、要厌弃你的受膏者。
Do not turn:不要转
For the stop-check this is not correct. In many boiler installations a valve smaller than pipe size could and should be selected.
可是,用这种方法选择自动阻断止回角阀就可能产生错误。对于许多锅炉管道系统中,可能甚至应该选择公称通径小于管道直径的自动阻断止回角阀。
is not correct:不正确
For the time being, all else was forgotten, and our adventures could not have approached at a more fortunate instant.
这当儿，人们忘记了一切，这对我们这两位冒险家来说，的确是一个千载难逢的好机会。
could not have approached at a more: couldn't have approach at a more
For the time being, leave everything as it is, let this situation drag on, and do not take up these questions until our army is able to meet its own needs through production and wins the support of the masses a year or two from now.
暂时一切仍旧，拖下去，以待一年或两年后我军确能生产自给并获得群众拥护的时候，再谈这些问题。
do not take:不接受
For they have just so much knowledge, and on matters of principle they cannot open their mouths without making mistakes.
因为你的知识只有那么多，讲起大道理来就犯错误。
can not open:不能打开
For you remember, brothers, our labor and travail: While working night and day so as not to be burdensome to any of you, we proclaimed to you the gospel of God.
弟兄们，你们原记得我们的劳碌辛苦；我们是昼夜作工，把神的福音传扬给你们，免得叫你们任何人受累。
as not to:如不
For, the rooms, though a beautiful scene to look at, and adorned with every device of decoration that the taste and skill of the time could achieve, were, in truth, not a sound business;
因为这些房间尽管漂亮豪华，具有当时最高雅最精美的设计和装饰，实际上已是摇摇欲坠。
, not a sound busines:不是一个喧闹的声音
Former scholars deduce arbitrarily the inevitable aftermath of the Black Death,which is based on certain theory of society and population development. We think that Black Death is not a necessary event,but an emergency.
在黑死病的影响问题上,以往学者在某种社会与人口发展理论的基础上,进行一种必然性的推论,从而忽视了黑死病的爆发具有偶然性的一面。
is not a necessary event:不是必要的事件
From a little river do not hope for a large fish.
小河休想捕大鱼。
do not hope:不要希望
Had it not been for smart footwork by the people who manage its public finances, Italy would have been arraigned too.
而意大利却全靠公共财政管理人士耍手腕，才免遭责难。
it not been:它不是
Half the excuses she gives are not true, but she always seems to get away with them
她的托词一半是假的，但她好像总是逃脱追究。
are not true:不是真的
Hamlet and Horatio hid themselves behind the bushes in order that they might not be seen by them.
哈姆雷特和荷瑞修躲在矮树丛后面，以免被他们看见。
might not be:可能不是
He closed the door softly so that he should not rouse anybody.
他关门很轻,以免吵醒别人。
should not rouse:不应进行路由
He did a great deal of exercise so as not to put on flesh.
他做大量运动以防止发胖。
as not to:如不
He did not abandon his search for improving his understanding of these puzzles.
他继续进行研究，增进自己对这些难点的了解。
did not abandon:没有放弃
He did not relinquish his hold over Mary until his death.
直到他死去才放弃对玛丽的控制。
did not relinquish:不放弃
He did not stop until he was far away from the cave.
一直到远离那山洞它才停下来。
did not stop:没有停止
He felt much as an astronomer feels who has discovered a new planet -- no doubt, as far as strong, deep, unalloyed pleasure is concerned, the advantage was with the boy, not the astronomer.
于是他沿街大步流星地走着，口中吹着口哨，心里乐滋滋的，那股乐劲如同天文学家发现了新行星时一般，仅就乐的程度之深之强烈而言，此时的汤姆绝对比天文学家还要兴奋。
, not the:,而不是
He has a very negative attitude to his work, ie is not interested in trying to do it well or properly.
他的工作态度很消极.
is not interested:不感兴趣
He helped her befriend the bus drivers who could watch out for her, and save her a seat. He made her laugh, even on those not-so-good days when she would trip exiting the bus, or drop her briefcase full of papers on the aisle floor.
他帮苏姗与公共汽车司机成为朋友，以便他们能关照她，给她预留座位。他让苏姗开心，即使是在那些糟糕的日子里，她下车时摔倒或是把满包的文件撒在过道上的时候。
not-so-good days:不那么好的日子
He lined his pockets with some silver. Begging for alms would certainly not earn him that much.
他的口袋里有了一些沉甸甸的银元，这是平常化缘时很难得到的。
certainly not earn:肯定不会挣钱
He prods when the discussion does not go deep enough, intervenes when it veers off track, and mediates when it turns combative.
当讨论太过肤浅时，他会适时加以刺激；当讨论偏离轨道时，他会介入纠正；而当讨论趋于火爆时，也会居中协调。
does not go deep enough:不够深
He put away his day's work, assuring me that he had nothing to do that he could not wait tomorrow, and threw himself into a long chair.
他丢开手头的公事，斩钉截铁对我说，他要办的事都可以等到明天再办，便一下子坐到了一张长椅子上。
could not wait:不能等
He received a letter of thanks and a check. He accepted their thanks but not the money.
*他收到一封感谢信和一张支票，他收下了信退回了支票。
but not the:但不是
He said the police in Auckland were not told of the kidnapping demand until after the autopsy.
警察直到验尸完成以后才知道有索取赎金的事情。
were not told:没有被告知
He seems to have suggested, not to put too rue fine a point on it, that you were an accomplice in the crime.
他好像暗指，干脆直说吧，你是这件罪行的共犯。
, not to put too rue:,不要太悲伤
He that have a head of wax must not walk in the sun.
自家头是蜡做成，休想太阳底下行。
must not walk:不得走路
He then said something in Arabic to Ali, who made a sign of obedience and withdrew, but not to any distance.
他于是对阿里说了几句阿拉伯话，阿里便做了一个服从的表示，退后了几步，但仍旧站在附近。
but not to any distanc:但不能到任何远处
He was not tall,he was rather plump and, in order to combat this tendency, he was fond of taking long strolls on foot;
他的身材是矮矮胖胖的，为了避免肥满，他常喜欢作长距离的步行；
was not tall:不高
He who wishes to Be wise, cannot do Better than inquire into the past experience of mankind.
一个人要想求智莫过于研究人类过去的经验。
can not do:不能做
He will probably give an answer like,' I am not bad. 'or' I am very keen on it.
他很可能回答说，"还可以"，或说"我很喜欢这项运动"。
am not bad:我不坏
He worded it so that it might not cause any misunderstanding.
他措词很小心，以免引起误解。
might not cause:可能不会造成
Hedge funds are attracted by arbitrage opportunities so it is not surprising that many are now trying to close the gap between public and private valuations.
对冲基金受到套利机会的吸引，难怪许多对冲基金试图缩小公开市场估价与私人股本估价的差距。
is not surprising:那并不奇怪
Her enlarged salary would not begin for ten days yet--would not reach her for seventeen.
她的薪水要等十天以后才开始增加，要等十七天后才能到她的手中。
would not begin:不会开始
His seed will not come to an end for ever; the seat of his kingdom will be like the sun before me.
他的后裔要存到永远，他的宝座在我面前，如日之恒一般。
will not come:不会来的
However, be careful: While enriching the visual feedback, you must be careful not to create an interface that is hopelessly cluttered.
然而一定要小心，在保证丰富视觉反馈的同时要避免创建混乱的界面。
careful not to:小心不要
However, he need not have worried, for Tseng Tsang-hai suddenly opened his bloodshot eyes and glared fiercely, and his face became livid.
然而他是白担忧。躺在烟榻上的曾沧海猛的睁开眼来，眼是凶狠狠地闪着红光，脸色也已经变成铁青；
need not have worried:不必担心
However,it was not until 1947 that it was provided with an autonomous pumping station,propelling 500 liters of water per second to a height of 140 meters at a speed of 200 km per hour.
然而，直到1947年，才配备了自动的水泵站，每秒喷出500升水，以每小时200公里的速度喷射，水高达140米。
was not until:直到
I am not merry, but I do beguile the thing I m by seeming otherwise
我虽然心里愁闷，姑且强作欢容。
am not merry:我不高兴
I am not without any hope of persuading them to confine the representation within a much smaller circle than they are now in the high road for.
我有希望说服他们把演出的范围大大地缩小，要比他们现在谋求的范围小得多。
am not without any hope:我没有希望
I am very sorry that I could not write to you until now. I was fully occupied in preparing for the examination.
我很抱歉，直到现在才能给你写信。前一阵我正忙于准备考试。
could not write:不能写
I begged my grand aunt Miss Betsey not to let me go.I prayed her to befriend me for the sake of my father.
我肯求我的姑婆贝特西小姐留下我，请求她看在我父亲的面上好好持我。
not to let me go:不让我走
I bought it on credit, ie did not have to pay for it until some time after I got it.
我以赊购方式买下了它.
did not have to pay for it until some time:直到某个时候才不得不付钱
It's not uncommon to forget a closing parenthesis or semicolon and have a number of parse errors just because of a simple typo, so be sure to check them.
由于一个简单的印刷错误而遗漏一个结束的圆括号或分号，造成一些语法错误是很常见的，所以要确保检查代码。
's not uncommon:不是罕见的
His style is not polished but very serious and well calculated to achieve the thematic ends he sough.
他的写作风格虽显粗糙，但内容严肃，与表现主题十分相符。
is not polished:没有抛光
A consignor or an agent for the transportation of a corpse or human remains into or out of the country must declare the matter to a frontier health and quarantine office; transport thereof, in either direction across the border, shall not allowed until sanitary inspection proves satisfactory and an entry or exit permit is given.
入境、出境的尸体、骸骨的托运人或者其代理人，必须向国境卫生检疫机关申报，经卫生检查合格后发给入境、出境许可证，方准运进或者运出。
shall not allowed:不得
Attention should paid to the siting of equipment in suitable conditions where extraneous factors cannot interfere with the system.
应当注意设备摆放的位置，应当摆放在合适的位置，这样防止外来因素干扰系统的工作。
can not interfere:不能干预
Apply or approve a production hold whole fabut the period of validity will not longer than 2hours. Approve or remove the production hold on equipment in his charge.
申请或批准全厂设备生产暂停的决定，最长达24小时。批准申请或取消管辖范围内设备生产暂停的决定。
will not longer:不再
After successful completion of the FAT, THALES Communications shall issue and submit to the Buyer's signature a Factory Acceptance Certificate (hereafter the FAC), which shall signed the Buyer not later than two (2) days from its submission thereof.
在成功的完成了FAT之后，泰雷兹通信公司应出具并提交给买方一份工厂验收合格证（以下称“FAC”），此验收合格证应由买方在提交后两日之内签字。
not later than two (2) days:不迟于两个 (2)天
Article 16Where a company submits to shareholders and the general public false financial and accounting reports, or reports concealing important facts, thus causing serious harm to the interests of shareholders or others, the persons who are directly in charge and the other persons who are directly responsible for the crime shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention and shall also, or shall only, fined not less than 20,00yuan but not more than 200,00yuan.
第一百六十一条公司向股东和社会公众提供虚假的或者隐瞒重要事实的财务会计报告，严重损害股东或者其他人利益的，对其直接负责的主管人员和其他直接责任人员，处三年以下有期徒刑或者拘役，并处或者单处二万元以上二十万元以下罚金。
not more than:不超过
Among them, enterprises with foreign investment of a productive nature scheduled to operate for a period of not less than ten years shall, from the first year of beginning to make a profit, exempted from income tax in the first and second years and allowed a fifty percent reduction in the third to fifth years.
其中生产性外商投资企业，经营期在十年以上的，从获利年度起，第一年和第二年免征企业所得税，第三年至第五年减半征收企业所得税。
of not less than:不低于
Article 10Any staff member of a financial institution who neglects his duties and accepts， pays or guarantees an instrument which does not conform to the provisions of this Law， shall punished； if this act causes substantial losses and constitutes a crime， he shall investigated according to the law for criminal responsibility.
第一百零四条金融机构工作人员在票据业务中玩忽职守，对违反本法规定的票据予以承兑、付款或者保证的，给予处分；造成重大损失，构成犯罪的，依法追究刑事责任。
does not conform:不符号
And because of the transcendence of the revelations, in order that I might not exceedingly lifted up, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, a messenger of Satan, that he might buffet me, in order that I might not exceedingly lifted up.
又恐怕我因所得启示的超越，就过于高抬自己，所以有一根刺，就是撒但的使者，加在我的肉体上，为要攻击我，免得我过于高抬自己。
might not exceedingly:不能超过
Article 5Whoever, in violation of the provisions of Article 28 of this Law, installs new coal heating boilers in the urban areas covered central heating pipelines or networks shall ordered to stop the illegal act or make rectification within a time limit and may imposed upon a fine of not more than 50,00yuan the administrative department of environmental protection under the local people's government at or above the county level.
第五十二条违反本法第二十八条规定，在城市集中供热管网覆盖地区新建燃煤供热锅炉的，由县级以上地方人民政府环境保护行政主管部门责令停止违法行为或者限期改正，可以处五万元以下罚款。
of not more than:不超过
Article 32Whoever intentionally damages the boundary tablets, boundary markers or permanent survey indicators along the national border shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention.
第三百二十三条故意破坏国家边境的界碑、界桩或者永久性测量标志的，处三年以下有期徒刑或者拘役。
of not more than:不超过
Article 168 If a person who is directly in charge of a State-owned company or enterprise, practises irregularities for selfish ends and causes bankruptcy or heavy losses to the said company or enterprise, thus resulting in heavy losses of the interests of the State, he shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention.
第一百六十八条国有公司、企业直接负责的主管人员，徇私舞弊，造成国有公司、企业破产或者严重亏损，致使国家利益遭受重大损失的，处三年以下有期徒刑或者拘役。
of not more than:不超过
Article 41Any functionary of a State organ who is in charge of handling passports, visa or other exit or entry certificates, knowingly grants an exit or entry certificate to a person attempting to illegally cross the national (frontier) border or, a functionary of a State organ such as the frontier authorities or a Customs office knowingly allows a person illegally crossing the national (frontier) border to pass shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention; if the circumstances are serious, he shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than three years but not more than seven years.
第四百一十五条负责办理护照、签证以及其他出入境证件的国家机关工作人员，对明知是企图偷越国（边）境的人员，予以办理出入境证件的，或者边防、海关等国家机关工作人员，对明知是偷越国（边）境的人员，予以放行的，处三年以下有期徒刑或者拘役；情节严重的，处三年以上七年以下有期徒刑。
of not more than:不超过
Article 448 Whoever maltreats a prisoner of war, if the circumstances are flagrant, shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years.
第四百四十八条虐待俘虏，情节恶劣的，处三年以下有期徒刑。
of not more than:不超过
Article 26Whoever maltreats a member of his family, if the circumstances are flagrant, shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than two years, criminal detention or public surveillance.
第二百六十条虐待家庭成员，情节恶劣的，处二年以下有期徒刑、拘役或者管制。
of not more than:不超过
Article 44Where a wounded or sick serviceman is deliberately abandoned on a battlefield, if the circumstances are flagrant, the persons who are directly responsible for the offence shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than five years.
第四百四十四条在战场上故意遗弃伤病军人，情节恶劣的，对直接责任人员，处五年以下有期徒刑。
of not more than:不超过
Article 25Any leading member of a company, enterprise, institution, State organ or people's organization who retaliates against the accountants or statisticians who perform their functions and duties according to law and resist any acts violating the Accounting Law or the Statistics Law, if the circumstances are flagrant, shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention.
第二百五十五条公司、企业、事业单位、机关、团体的领导人，对依法履行职责、抵制违反会计法、统计法行为的会计、统计人员实行打击报复，情节恶劣的，处三年以下有期徒刑或者拘役。
of not more than:不超过
As often as not the buses are late on foggy days.
遇多雾天气时，公共汽车经常晚点。
as not the:而不是
Article 8 When appropriate public-owned lands according to Paragraph 1, Article 7 of the Act, the authority of development shall inform the regulating and administrative departments of the public-owned lands about the foresaid allocation in advance, but need not to request approval of the departments.
第8条开发主管机关依本条例第七条第一项规定拨用公有土地，应先行告知公有土地主管及管理机关，免徵求其同意。
need not to:不需要
Article 407 Any functionary of a competent forestry department who, in violation of the provisions of the Forestry Law, issues forest tree felling licenses in excess of the approved annual felling quotas or, in violation of the regulations, arbitrarily issues forest tree felling licenses, if to such an extent as to cause serious damage to the forest, shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention.
第四百零七条林业主管部门的工作人员违反森林法的规定，超过批准的年采伐限额发放林木采伐许可证或者违反规定滥发林木采伐许可证，情节严重，致使森林遭受严重破坏的，处三年以下有期徒刑或者拘役。
of not more than:不超过
Another thing that you can do is to make your front page as short as possible so that it will not take long to load.
你所要做的另外一件事就是尽可能使首页的加载速度缩短。
will not take long:不会太久了
Article 418 Any functionary of a State organ who engages in malpractices for personal gain in recruiting public servants or students, if the circumstances are serious, shall sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention.
第四百一十八条国家机关工作人员在招收公务员、学生工作中徇私舞弊，情节严重的，处三年以下有期徒刑或者拘役。
of not more than:不超过
Article 4Any functionary of Pwho divulges any State secret shall, if the case constitutes a crime, investigated for criminal responsibilities according to law; if the circumstances are not serious enough, he/she shall subject to administrative punishments according to law.
第四十九条中国人民银行的工作人员泄露国家秘密，构成犯罪的，依法追究刑事责任；情节轻微的，依法给予行政处分。
are not serious:不是认真的
And last but not least there is the question of adequate funding.
最后同样重要的是要有足够的资金的问题。
but not least:但不亚于
An import entity shall not go through the formalities for import record keeping and port inspection on imported drugs unless it has acquired the Drug Import Registration Certificate (or Pharmaceutical Products Registration Certificate).
进口药品必须取得国家食品药品监督管理局核发的《进口药品注册证》（或者《医药产品注册证》），或者《进口药品批件》后，方可办理进口备案和口岸检验手续。
shall not go through:不能通过
At Play and at Fire its Good manners to Give Place to the last Commer, and affect not to Speak Louder than Ordinary.
看演出或是坐在壁炉前时，有风度的表现是给后来的人让一个地方，并且低声说话。
affect not to Speak Louder :影响不大声说话
And for Newcastle boss Glenn Roeder and under-fire England chief Steve McClaren, this day could not have come soon enough.
对于纽卡的主教练罗德已经英格兰主教练麦克拉伦来说，这天来的太迟了些。
could not have come soon:不可能很快地来
And Ahab said unto Obadiah， Go into the land， unto all fountains of water， and unto all brooks： peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive， that we lose not all the beasts.
亚哈对俄巴底说，我们走遍这地，到一切水泉旁和一切溪边，或者找得着青草，可以救活骡马，免得绝了牲畜。
lose not all:不能全部输掉
And Ahab said unto Obadiah, Go into the land, unto all fountains of water, and unto all brooks: peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts.
王上亚哈对俄巴底说、我们走遍这地、到一切水泉旁、和一切溪边、或者找得著青草、可以救活骡马、免得绝了牲畜。
lose not all:不能全部输掉
And Ahab said to Obadiah, Go through the land, to all the springs of water and to all the brooks; perhaps we will find grass to keep the horses and the mules alive and not lose some of the animals.
亚哈对俄巴底说，你去走遍这地，到一切水泉旁和一切溪边；或者我们找得着青草，可以救活骡马，免得丧失一些牲口。
and not lose:不失去
And in fact, for the first three or four years, it was not even funded the government.
这纯粹是由私人发起的，而且我认为这是全国目前规模最大的私人水域工程。”
was not even funded the government:甚至没有政府资助
And you, Capernaum, will not exalted to heaven, will you? You will brought down to Hades!
路1迦百农阿、你已经升到天上．〔或作你将要升到天上么〕将来必推下阴间。
will not exalted to heaven,:不会被提升到天上,
A few years ago it was not uncommon to see professional golfers drinking till late and going to a game next day with a hangover.
几年前，我们经常看到职业高球员饮酒至深夜，隔天带着宿醉上场比赛。
was not uncommon:不是罕见的
Any country will not impose/force/press its will on others，or seek hegemony.
各国内部事务由各国自己处理，世界的共同事务由各国协商处理。
will not impose/force/press its will on others:不会强加或压迫他人的意志
A transient point of light that appears in one image but not in a previous one could a supernova.
一个突然出现在某张影像上的光点，很有可能就是颗超新星。
but not in:但不包括
Adults are not always right, especially in relation to treating their kids.
有时候，孩子们的主意和想法比成年人的更加富有创造性。
are not always:并非总是如此
Article 2Whoever, well aware of other persons' criminal acts of espionage, refuses to provide information while a State security organ investigates the circumstances or collects evidence from him shall punished with administrative sanctions his unit or the competent department at a higher level, or given a detention of not more than 1days the State security organ; in case the circumstances are serious, the offender shall punished applying mutatis mutandis the provisions of Article 16of the Criminal Law.
第二十六条明知他人有间谍犯罪行为，在国家安全机关向其调查有关情况、收集有关证据时，拒绝提供的，由其所在单位或者上级主管部门予以行政处分，或者由国家安全机关处十五日以下拘留；情节严重的，比照刑法第一百六十二条的规定处罚。
of not more than:不超过
And Potter's chances of finding a husband were further reduced her mother's snobbish insistence that she not marry into “trade”.
如此而来，波特便很难找到如意郎君，便是如此，她的势利母亲还坚决反对她嫁给商人。
she not marry:她不结婚
As in the Lao localization project, an English/Khmer technical dictionary is not available, and the lack of it severely hampers the efforts to translate software into the local language.
像老挝的本地化计划一样，由于缺乏英语／库美尔语技术词典，将软件翻译成本地语言的工作受到了严重的阻碍。
is not available:不可用
After a week he decided not to shave until Osama bin Laden had been caught or killed.
袭击过去一周后，直到本·拉登被捕或者身亡，他才会重新刮胡须。
decided not to:决定不
And last but not least, it makes up for the long, obliterating neglect in his own land of one of history's greatest scientific visionaries.
最后，同时也是重要的一点，这项举动对于历史上最伟大的科学前瞻者之一，在其祖国所受到的长期忽视，有所弥补。
but not least:但不亚于
Article 45. Except as otherwise provided in Articles 5and 6of this Law, the term of fixed-term imprisonment is not less than six months and not more than fifteen years.
第四十五条有期徒刑的期限，除本法第五十条、第六十九条规定外，为六个月以上十五年以下。
is not less than:不低于
Angel did not leave school until (or: before) eight p. m.
直到晚上八点，安琪儿才离开学校。(八点前，安琪儿仍在学校。
did not leave:没有离开
Although the Democratic Party did not back the seventh resolution， it succeeded with the support of the Liberal Party and the DAB.
虽然民主党反对第七项议案，但在自由党和民建联携手支持下，议案获得通过。
did not back:没有回信
Another in a long line of injuries, the latest setback could not come at a worse time for Camby, who is shooting better than 5percent from the floor while averaging 16.points and 10.rebounds in 2games.
又一次长期的伤病，最近的困扰对坎比来说实在是糟糕透顶，他近来命中率超过了50%，场均16.2分还有10.2个篮板在25场比赛里。
could not come at a worse time: couldn't come at a worse time
America and Japan share an obvious interest in persuading Kim Jong Il not to lob missiles in their direction.
在劝说金正日放弃试射导弹上美日有着明显的共同利益。
not to:不许
After a brief synopsis of them about the main ideas and masters, the author holds that a society is a complex and comprehensive system, there are many variables affecting its movement; we can not get to its truth about its historical stimuli without multiple approaches, and only through some studies concerning its essential parts can we touch the essence of the promoting forces of social movement.
社会是一个极其复杂、涉及面众多的庞大系统，影响其运动的变量很多，要考察其历史成因，应从多个角度考察才能接近真实，只有从与人类社会生活的多个层面入手才能触及本质。
can not get:不能取得
A market order or limit order to executed just prior to the close of a trading session, or canceled if this is not possible. Also called on close.
是指在市场交易结束时，经纪人以尽可能的最优价格执行买卖证券的客户委托。
is not possible:不可能
At the same time, because of its young age, the Minimalist Program is still a program, or approach, not a theory, thus it receives a lot of criticisms.
但在同时，因为时间尚短，最简方案只是一个设想，或是一种方法，因此，受到了很多批评。
, not a:,而不是
As a founder of Mohism in the Spring and Autumn and Warring States periods, Mocius is well known to many people, but as an outstanding ancient craftsman and military architect he has not enjoyed equal popularity with the celebrated architect Lu Ban.
摘要作为墨家学派创始人的墨子是广为人知的，但作为和公输班（鲁班）齐名的古代著名工匠和军事建筑学家的墨子，则鲜为人知。
has not enjoyed:没有享受过
A few students would not begin to search before they asked the teacher, librarian, or their classmates where to start.
有些学生在询问老师、图书馆员或他们的同学之后才会开始进行搜寻。
would not begin:不会开始
Article 1Control of Noise Pollution In using air-conditioning equipment, care shall taken not to allow noise to disturb the normal work and life of others.
第十五条（噪声污染的治理）使用空调设备，应当避免噪声妨碍他人的正常工作、生活。
taken not to:不接受
A recent finding suggests that humans may not have certain brakes on their immune systems that nonhuman primates do.
最近一项发现也显示，人类的免疫系统可能缺乏了一个其他灵长类所具备的煞车机制。
may not have:可能没有
All riding and training methods must take account of the horse as a living entity and must not include any techniqueconsidered the FEI to abusive.
一切骑术技艺和训练方法都必须考虑到马匹是有生命的实体，绝对禁止使用国际马协确认为虐待马匹的技术。
must not include:不得包括
And because the power system must continuously match electricity consumption with generation, it cannot easily accept a large increase in the unpredictable and intermittent power produced from renewable wind, ocean and solar resources.
同时由于电力系统必须持续依据电力消耗量调配生产量，因此很难大量采用风力、海洋和太阳能等难以预测的间歇性再生能源。
can not easily:不能轻易地
A company that wants to declare itself “carbon neutral” calculates how many tonnes of carbon it emits, and then offsets the emissions paying someone else not to emit that amount of carbon on its behalf.
一家公司想要宣称自己是“碳中和”，只需计算出排放碳的质量，然后通过支付其它机构，使其禁止排放相同量的碳以达到抵消排放的目的。
else not to:否则不能
As often as not the buses are late in peak hours.
公共汽车在高峰时间往往脱班。
as not the buses are late:因为公共汽车迟到了
Article 3Whoever enters the country carrying animals or plants, animal or plant products or other quarantine objects which are not included in the catalogues specified in Article 2of this Law shall declare them to the Customs at the port of entry and accept the quarantine inspection the port animal and plant quarantine office.
第三十条携带本法第二十九条规定的名录以外的动植物、动植物产品和其他检疫物进境的，在进境时向海关申报并接受口岸动物检疫机关检疫。
are not included:不包括
A price level above which prices tend not to rise due to selling pressure.
在卖出的压力下价格会达到的一个水平而停止上升。
tend not to:不倾向
And if we look at a corporation as a legal person, that it may not that difficult to actually draw the transition between psychopathy in the individual, to pshchopathy in a corporation.
以及，如果我们把公司视为一个法人，那么实际上可能很难去勾勒出，个体的精神病与公司的精神病，两者间的转变。
may not that:那可不是
Anyone who alters Renminor sells altered Renminor knowingly transports altered Renminbi, if the cases constitutes a crime, shall investigated for criminal responsibility; if the case is not serious, he shall put a public security organ in detention of not more than 1days and imposed with a fine of not more than 5,00yuan.
变造人民币、出售变造的人民币或者明知是变造的人民币而运输，构成犯罪的，依法追究刑事责任；情节轻微的，由公安机关处十五日以下拘留、五千元以下罚款。
is not serious:不是严肃的
Article 4Anyone who buys counterfeit or altered Renminor knowingly holds or uses counterfeit or altered Renminbi, if the case constitutes a crime, shall investigated for criminal responsibility; if the case is not serious, he shall put a public security organ in detention of not more than 1days and imposed with a fine of not more than 5,00yuan.
第四十二条购买伪造、变造的人民币或者明知是伪造、变造的人民币而持有、使用，构成犯罪的，依法追究刑事责任；情节轻微的，由公安机关处十五日以下拘留、五千元以下罚款。
is not serious:不是严肃的
All newspapers and reference books are to kept in the library. They cannot signed out.
所有报刊及参考书籍只限在图书馆内阅览。
can not signed:不能签名
And it is not clear that China can rein in its own economic juggernaut.
世人将拭目以待中国是否有能力控制它盲目膨胀的经济发展。
is not clear:不明确
Any user will not allowed to use the system until he masters the basic operation of the system, system can not run normally until its basic data is set correctly.
任何一个用户只有掌握系统的基本操作才能允许使用系统，系统只有基础数据设置正确才能正常运作。
will not allowed:不允许
A life of principle, of not succumbing to the seductive sirens of an easy morality, will always win the day.
如果能在生活中坚持原则，抵制住放松道德标准的诱惑，就总能获得成功。
of not succumbing:不屈服的
And your theory here is a anti-religion or anti-God gene develop into a self-deception mind to filled the emptiness of your mind of not knowing where you are from and where you are going.
反道德行为有时使自己或其人的心理或生理创伤,而宗教欲基因排列就是演化出来的自我欺骗心理,作用是填补心灵的创伤.
of not knowing:无知
Although a lot of buyers like to shop their LOI`s, most realize that we are competitive in the marketplace, and are set up to ensure that the common issues surrounding scrap are not issues with us.
虽然许多客户喜欢购买他们经常光顾的商家，大多数还是认识到我们提出确保零问题，即使是常见或细节问题，在市场上还是有竞争力的。
are not issues:不是问题
Apply flux to tuand socket sparingly and with a fairly thin consistency. Avoid flux on areas not cleaned, particularly inside of tube.
节俭地在管道和阀门插口上涂敷焊剂，使其十分均匀和细薄。要避免焊剂涂在为清理的表面上，特别是管道内侧。
areas not cleaned:未清洁的地区
Although the next solar eclipse will occur this October, astronomers say the next uniquely hybrid eclipse will not occur again until 2023.
虽然今年十月还会出现下一个日蚀，但天文学家说，这种独特的混合日蚀要等到2023年才会再出现。
will not occur:不会发生
Although pcs were developed as early as 1977, the ultimate size of the market and the computers' great potential for word processing and spreadsheet analysis did not become clear until about 1984.
尽管个人电脑早在1977年就已经开发出来了，其最终市场规模及其在文字处理和数据分析方面的巨大潜力直到1984年才变得清晰起来。
did not become:没有成为
Although Durex condoms are now ready for packaging, they will not reach that stage until they have undergone a series of five stringent tests.
虽然杜蕾斯安全套已经可以进行包装，但在包装之前，它们需再接受五项严格的测试。
will not reach:不会到达
We're not boarding for another hour. I think I'll take a nap.
我们要再等一小时才登机。我想小睡一下。
're not boarding:你们不上船了
Are you feeling any better today? Fan knew that his wife had tuberculosis,which was not easy to cure, but he took care of her very tenderly.
“今天好些了吗？”范问他的妻子。他妻子患了肺结核病，这种病很难治，但是他还是悉心照料妻子。
was not easy:不是件容易的事
Article Ship as referred to in this Code means sea-going ships and other mobile units, but does not include ships or craft to used for military or public service purposes, nor small ships of less than 2tons gross tonnage.
第三条本法所称船舶，是指海船和其他海上移动式装置，但是用于军事的、政府公务的船舶和20总吨以下的小型船艇除外。
does not include:不包括
Article 20Any company which has established another account books apart from the legally prescribed account books and violates of the present Law shall ordered the treasury department of the people's government at the county level or above to make corrections, and shall fined not less than 50,00Yuan but not more than 500, 00Yuan.
第二百零二条公司违反本法规定，在法定的会计账簿以外另立会计账簿的，由县级以上人民政府财政部门责令改正，处以五万元以上五十万元以下的罚款。
fined not less than:不低于
Analyze derivation processes and questions of Lorentz transformation.Find that special relativity based upon Lorentz transformation is not correct, and relative speed between two objects may faster than speed of light.
本文详细地分析了洛仑兹坐标变换的推导过程和存在的主要问题.得出了以洛仑兹变换为基础的狭义相对论是错误的和两物体的相对运动速度可以大于光速的结论。
is not correct:不正确
A wanderer who is determined to reach his destination does not fear the rain.
决心赶到目的地，浪汉何惧雨来淋。
does not fear:不害怕
And I said to them, Do not let the gates of Jerusalem opened until the sun is hot; and while some are standing guard, let them shut the doors, and you bar them; and appoint watches from the inhabitants of Jerusalem, each at his own watch and each opposite his own house.
3我对他们说，等到日头暖和，才可开耶路撒冷的城门；人尚站着看守的时候，就要把门关好，你要上闩；也当派耶路撒冷的居民，各按班次看守自己房屋对面之处。
Do not let:不要让
According should terrain, wind direction and other conditions leading layout, so as not to affect the process requirements.
还应根据地形、主导风向等情况布置，以免影响工艺的要求。
so as not to:这样才能避免
A modern puppet made in Taiwan cannot even compared with the workmanship put into a traditional puppet.
本省制造的新式布偶，比起古老的泉州布偶，确是粗俗多了。
can not even:甚至不能
If the chancellor does not end this war with the destruction of General Grievous,He must removed from office.
如果议长在摧毁格里菲斯将军后仍然继续战争,那他必须遭到弹劾.
does not end:不会结束
If an export license is used beyond the year, the expiration date of the validity of the export license shall not in excess of the end of February next year.
因故需要更改、延期时，发证机构应受理经营者在出口许可证有效期内提出的申请。
shall not in:不得在
If the Insured must hospitalized through diagnosis for any accidental injury or disease (including SARS), this company shall liable for the actual and reasonable expenses for medical treatment including nursing fee (limited to RMB10Yuan per day), bed fee (limited to RMB10Yuan per day), expenses for operation, medicine, treatment, laboratory test, radiation andexamination, however the accumulative payment shall not exceed the stipulated.
被保险人因意外伤害事故或因疾病(含SARS)，经医院诊断必须住院治疗，本公司就其实际支出的护理费（限额100元/天）、床位费（限额100元/天）、手术费、药费、治疗费、化验费、放射费、检查费等合理医疗费用，按100%给付“住院医疗保险金”，累计给付金额以约定的保险金额为限。
shall not exceed:不得超过
If fortuitous causality in criminal law is not tenable, necessary causality in criminal law itself is an issue.
如果刑法偶然因果关系难以成立，则刑法必然因果关系本身也是有问题的。
is not tenable:不能承受
I do not waive my right to view the contents of this Professional Reference Form.
我保留阅读填写完毕的推荐信的权利。
do not waive:不要放弃
It was not until the middle of the nineteenth century, with the penetration of foreign apitalism, that great changes took place in Chinese society.
直到十九世纪的中叶，由于外国资本主义的侵入，这个社会的内部才发生了重大的变化。
was not until:直到
I want a wife who will remain sexually faithful to me so that I do not have to clutter up my intellectual life with jealousies.
妻子要忠贞,以免我读书时还得因妒忌而闹心。
do not have:没有
It did not exactly beggar description, but it certainly had that word on the lookout for the mendicancy squad.
尽管难以用笔墨形容，可它真真够得上乞丐帮这个词儿。
did not exactly:不完全
I did not realize how badly they are learning and using the language until I have worked as a relief teacher for the past few months.
但是近几个月来，笔者转行当代课老师，才真正了解到新加坡学生的华文程度差到什么地步。
did not realize:没有意识到
In ancient times, winners were crowned with wreaths of the sacred olive. Their names were proclaimed throughout the Creek city-states. Artists dedicated statues to them. Poets wrote odes to Olympic winners. Things have not changed much in this regard.
在古希腊奥运会上，获胜者被授予神圣的橄榄枝桂冠，他们的名字通报整个希腊城邦，艺术家们为他们塑像，诗人们为他们写颂歌，古老的传统和习惯一直沿袭至今。
have not changed:没有改变
I was not aware of the importance of self-study until I entered Senior High.
进了高中我才意识到自学的重要性.
was not aware:不知道
It also describes the ideal Muslim society as "Ummathan wasathan", meaning, a society that adopts a middle path, not swerving to extremes.
它也形容理想的回教社会，是一个选择中庸路线避免极端的社会。
, not swerving:,不转动
In addition, crops sown in late autumn last year are not growing as well as the previous year's, and a number of places in every province have been seriously damaged natural disasters.
今年小春比去年差，各省都有一些地方发生严重的灾荒。
are not growing:它们不会生长
It was not until they took out the black box that they found out why the plane crashed.
他们取出黑匣子后，才弄清飞机坠毁的原因。
was not until:直到
It dose have a "policy", but it is not the correct one.
“政”是有的，但是错了。
is not the correct one:不是正确的
If this is the case, the teacher must organize activities for the student so he/she does not become disinterested in learning.
如果是这样，教师必须给新学生组织活动，防止他产生厌学情绪。
does not become:不会成为
It was not until the Central Committee held the enlarged meeting of the Political Bureau at Tsunyi, Kweichow Province, in January 193that this wrong line was declared bankrupt and the correctness of the old line reaffirmed.
直到党中央一九三五年一月在贵州的遵义召开扩大的政治局会议的时候，才宣告这个错误路线的破产，重新承认过去路线的正确性。
was not until:直到
In particular, the cadres at the various levels do not have the requisite ability to command and manage.
特别是各级干部的指挥、管理能力弱。
do not have:没有
If you do well, you are accepted; if not, sin is a demon crouching at the door
如果你做得好，你就会被接受的。反之，罪恶就会象个魔鬼潜伏在你的门前。
if not ,:若不,
If not late, I also want to see night landscape alongside the Pearl River.
如果来得及的话，我还想去看看沿珠江两岸的夜景。
If not late:如不晚
It's not raining heavily any more, but it's still spitting a bit.
大雨已经停了，但是还在飘著小雨。
's not raining:没有下雨
If you can not understand it well, ask your neighbors or fight attendants.
如果您有任何疑问请向邻座旅客或乘务员询问。
can not understand:不能理解
I make a mental note not to miss the last train.
留意时刻，免得错过来班火车。
note not to:请不要
I was expecting, and the doctor advised me not to smoke at all.
我当时怀着孩子，医生建议我绝对禁烟。
me not to:我不想
If a tree afford the shade, do not cut it down.
树能遮荫勿砍伐。
do not cut:不切
If others partake of this right over you, should not rather we?
12若别人在你们身上分享这权利，何况我们？
should not rather:不应该
It's far too late for you to go out and play football, not to mention the fact that it's rain.
你现在出去踢足球太晚了，何况又正在下雨。
, not to:,不
If it should not stored in shape, it can deformed to useless.
长时间受挤压的护具可能会失去保护作用。
should not stored:不应储存
In general, there was not tonic inhibitory effect on the release of ADH.
平时缺乏对抗利尿激素释放的紧张性抑制作用;
was not tonic:没有毒药
If my rifeel a little thick, then not much food for me.
只要我的肋骨还有点厚实，立即减少我的食物定量。
then not much:那么不多了
In port of Ningbo, planning of port facility is advanced, but design of anchorage has not been fully studied.
港口码头设施的规划是超前发展的,但目前宁波港对锚地的规划与设计是一片空白。
has not been fully studied:尚未充分研究
I do not make enough money--especially now that we are expecting a third child.
老三快出生了，我却赚这么少钱。
do not make enough mone:不作足够的钱
If you want advice on growing orchids, you'll have t ask someone else; that's not in my line of country.
你要征求种兰花的意见，就得问别人。这事我可是门外汉。
's not in:不在
If you kick the football over a sideline, it will not within bounds.
你如果将足球踢出边线，球就出界了。
will not within bounds:不会在边界之内
If you want to dry-clean the cases, please take it together with other detachable parts, so as not to bring color difference caused the fading.
并且建议若要干洗布套，请于其它可拆部位一同拿去干洗，避免造成由布艺褪色而引起色差。
as not to:如不
I'll put the particulars down in my notebook, so that I shall not forget them.
我来把详细情况记在本子上，省得忘了。
shall not forget:永远不会忘记
I could not believe that you broke a bone in skiing. Please take good care of it and recover soon.
你在滑雪时断了一根骨头，真令人难以置信。请小心保重，并祝早日痊愈。
could not believe:不能相信
In doing business, we should see to it that they are not subjected to exploitation middlemen at any stage.
贸易中要免除层层中间剥削，使他们少吃亏。
are not subjected:不服从
If an advertisement does not tell the truth, the advertiser is committing an offence.
如果广告是假的，发广告者就触犯了法律。
does not tell the truth:不说真话
It's not so many years since anyone who offended against the moral standard of the village would ridden on a rail.
就在前些年，要是谁违犯了村里的道德规范就要被绑在杆子上抬着赶去城外，以示惩罚。
's not so many years:不是很多年了
In addition, just three countries - Austria, Moldova and Romania - have ratified the treaty, which cannot enter into force until it is ratified countries, of which eight must member states.
此外，只有3个国家--奥地利、摩尔多瓦和罗马尼亚--批准了公约，只有当10个国家批准后该公约才能生效，而且其中有8个必须是成员国。
can not enter:不能进入
The recipient's e - mail address was not found in the recipient's e - mail system.
由这句看出你把对方的邮箱地址打错了。
was not found:未找到
In Spain a young lady of good family does not travel without a chaperon.
在西班牙，大家闺秀出门旅行总带一个女监护人。
does not travel without:没有旅行
We're now thinking how not to end up a rock and a hard place.
我们现在在考虑，如果和才能避免最后陷入进退两难的境地。
how not to:如何避免
Rock fall, a geological hazard, has not attracted attention of researchers for a long time.
长期以来，滚石灾害是一种很少受到重视的地质灾害。
has not attracted attention:没有引起注意
You cannot but know that we live in a period of chastisement and ruin.
你们必须认识到我们生活在一个灾难深重、面临毁灭的时代。
can not but:不能但
Known fugu when eaten a meal, many in Asian countries refuse to not eat the fish.
许多亚洲人对于河豚这一危险的美味还是难以拒绝。
to not eat:不吃
In order not to get seriously hurt, he tries to roll with the punch that landed.
为了避免严重受伤，他设法避开了打来的那一拳。
In order not to:为了避免
Frankly I think it's because we're not as active in winter.
诚实说，我想那是因为在冬天我们动的少。
're not as active:他们不是那么活跃
Their habitation was not merely respectable and commodious, but even dignified and imposing.
他们的居所既宽敞舒适又尊严气派。
was not merely:不仅仅是
Do not attempt to stop chain with your hands or genitals.
某瑞典制的电锯:请勿试图用你的双手或生殖器停止电锯。
Do not attempt:不要尝试
At the same time, the company issued the first, albeit not very clearly.
与此同时，首批发行的公司也若隐若现。
albeit not very clearly:尽管不太清楚
She was not even sure herself how she kept the running tally in her head.
她自己也有点莫名其妙，头脑里怎么会有一本清清楚楚的流水帐。
was not even sure:甚至不确定
Chances are the pilot was not getting dependable glide slope data.
飞行员错过了设定可靠的下滑道数据的大好机会。
was not getting:没有得到
It's also not certain if he is able to do this in to chronical knee problems.
当然在面对我们的时候他是否能够完成全场也是一个问题，这取决于他的慢性膝部伤病。
also not certain:也不太确定
Many people believe that GM food is not good for your health.
许多人认为基因改良食品对健康有害。
is not good:不是好的
Three things are not to be trusted - a cow's horn, a dog's tooth, and a horse's hoof.
三件东西难信赖:牛角、犬牙和马蹄。
are not to:不应
Taking train at night is safe, but you'd better not to go out too late.
虽然公车和地铁每天24小时运行也比较安全，但最好避免在晚上出行。
better not to:最好不要
The disease affects poor communities that do not have safe water to drink.
这种病感染的是缺乏安全饮用水的穷困地区。
do not have:没有
When condiment bottles are not full and are coated at the neck.
配料瓶是半空的或瓶口是干沽的。
are not full:不全
His actual condition was not to be expressed in a few words.
他的现状一言难尽。
not to be expressed in a few words:不能用几句话表达
Conclusion GSTM 1 gene deletion is not related to senile cataract formation.
结论GSTM1基因缺失与老年性白内障的发生缺乏显著关系。
is not related:与此无关
At high temperature the semiconductor is not different from the conductor in the conductivity.
在高温下，半导体的导电性与导体是一样的。
is not different:不是不同的
The step - mother did not treat Guanghe kindly and mother always had to stand up for him.
这位继母常借故虐待光河五舅，都是由母亲出面干涉阻止。
did not treat Guanghe kindly:不客气地对待关格
Neither of them is better or worse than the other, simply they are not the same.
但它们各具特色，各领风骚。
not the same:不是一样的
They had special receiving powers, not unlike a satellite receiving station.
他们有特殊的接收能力，这与卫星接收站相似。
, not unlike:,不比
If we may be of further service, please do not hesitate to contact us.
如有可效劳之处，请随时与我们联系。
do not hesitate:不要犹豫
The root of tooth could be saved, but it is an removable denture, not very comfortable.
保留牙根，但只能是可摘义齿修复，舒适度较差。
not very comfortable:不太舒服
School notice: The lifts must not be used during Fire Drill.
学校通告: 在消防演习期间禁止使用电梯。
must not be:不得
But he is not accepting a five - million - dollar one - contract renewal. Torre calls the contract insulting.
尽管如此，特瑞还是拒绝续签了年薪五百万美元的合同，称其带有侮辱性。
is not accepting:不接受
Soapy, not without sarcasm, but friendly, as one greets good fortune.
索比说，多少带点嘲讽语气，但很友好，如同他正交着桃花运呢。
not without sarcasm:没有讽刺
We were very impressed by the new school, not least its own swimming pool.
新学校给我们很好的印象，特别是它还有自己的游泳池。
not least:至少
God: Your angel's name is not hard to remember. You will simply call her Mommy.
上帝: 你的天使的名字很容易记住，你就叫她妈妈。
is not hard:不是难的
Second, the core and volatile elements of inflation are not entirely independent.
其次，通货膨胀的核心因素与可变因素在一定程度上是相互依存的。
are not entirely independent:不是完全独立的
Let me help you. The beads are bright green and not hard to spot.
让我来帮你吧! 这些珠子是亮绿色的，很好认!
not hard to spot:不难发现
Now the bad time is coming and I do not have the harpoon.
现在倒霉的时候就要来到，我连鱼叉也给丢了。
do not have the harpoon:没有哈波恩
Caution: Avoid all uncooked, cold sea foods. If condition is not improved, consult a medical doctor.
注意: 忌犯铁器，服药期间忌食生冷之物. 若病情需要，应由医生诊治。
If condition is not improved:如果情况没有改善
Don't mind him. He not right in the head. Poor fellow.
别管他. 他脑子有问题. 可怜的家伙。
He not right in the head:他没在脑子里
I just like this transition season, which is not spring or summer.
我就喜欢这春夏之交的短暂这换季的季节。
which is not spring or summer:不是春天或夏天
Headlight dangling due to plastic snapping. Because part was not replaced properly.
由于更换部件时搞坏了塑料卡头，大灯有点摇晃。
was not replaced properly:没有适当地替换
Please do not block its ventilation hole or hinder its heat dissipation.
切勿阻塞本机散热孔或阻碍本机散热。
do not block:不要堵塞
You should be careful not to heatstroke when traveling in summer.
如果你在夏天旅游的话，你应该谨防中暑。
careful not to heatstroke:小心不要打火
I remember one day I visited the creche when my daughter did not expect me.
我记得，有一天去托儿所看望女儿，这大大出乎她的预料。
did not expect me:我没有料到
Mind your bicycles so as not to be stolen by the thieves hereabout.
请你照看好你的自行车，附近小偷很多，以免被偷。
so as not to:这样才能避免
However, high technology is not remote from our everyday life at all.
事实上，先进科技与我们的日常生活是息息相关的。
is not remote:不是远程
Registration fee includes meals, Proceedings and Conference kit but not includes transportation and hotel expenses.
注册费包括研讨会期间的餐饮、论文集和会议用品一套.有关交通、住宿等费用，均由参加者自付。
but not includes transportation and hotel expenses:但不包括交通费和旅馆费用
The local officers approved the plan, but the state higher - ups did not accept it.
本地官员同意这计划，但州官员却反对。
did not accept:不接受
Idioms are fixed phrases that go through the test of history and cannot be treated separately.
习语是指那些经受了历史的长期考验，千锤百炼而形成的固定词组。
cannot be treated separately:不能单独处理
He is not aware that he has been made a cuckold.
他被带了绿头巾，还蒙在鼓里呢!
is not aware:不知道
You cannot pump your own gas. All gas stations are full service and full service only.
在加油站自己加油是违法的，所有的加油站必须提供全方位服务!
cannot pump your own gas:不能自己加油
A document retention policy includes both deleting and wiping electronic documents, however, is not without concerns.
然而规定了删除和清除电子文件的文件保留政策，也令人有所顾虑。
is not without concerns:不无忧虑
A woman with her head full of curlers is not a pretty sight.
满头带有卷发夹子的妇女看着真难看。
inot a pretty sight:那是个美丽的景象
There were not more than seven women in the post office then.
当时在邮局里顶多有七个女人。
were not more:没有更多
If not, we are facing a potential situation of retaliation and a domino effect.
否则，我们将可能陷入互相报复的境地，并引发多米诺效应。
If not:若不
Fortunately you had enough gumption not to give up on yours.
幸亏你有这个毅力坚持自己的梦想。
not to give up on yours:不要放弃你的
She was very ill, but is now out of danger, ie not likely to die.
她病重，但现已脱险。
ie not likely to die:不死的可能性
She's so ill that nothing will stay down, not even water.
她病得很重，吃什麽都吐出来，连喝水都吐。
not even water:甚至没有水
In chapter two, interval - censored data is studied which is not uncommon in clinic medicine.
第二章研究了临床医学中常见的区间删失数据的情形。
is not uncommon:不是罕见的
I want to make a record of the necessary data in order not to forget them.
我想记下这些必要的数据，以防忘记。
in order not to:为了避免
The grid's architecture does not allow it to be turned into a data network easily.
电网的建筑结构很难使其变成一个数字网络。
does not allow:不允许
And it is not clear that China can rein in its own economic juggernaut.
中国是否能够驾驭其经济的迅猛发展也是一个问题。
is not clear:不明确
Wong Kar Kwoo: Come back quick, make more good music, not too much good music nowadays.
黄家驹: 快点回来吧，做些好音乐，好音乐已经很少了。
not too much:不太多
Tap the lid down carefully so as not to break the contents.
要把盖子轻轻地敲下去，免得把里面的东西打碎。
so as not to:这样才能避免
Mr Karzai wants to talk to the Taliban not fight them.
卡尔扎伊希望劝说塔利班放弃抵抗。
not fight:不打架
There is not going to be a dry eye from Nashua to Sacramento.
从纳什湖到萨克拉曼多，所有人都将泪眼朦胧。
not going to be a dry eye:不会是一只干燥的眼睛
The disease was controlled by the simple expedient of not allowing anyone to leave the city.
通过禁止任何人出城的简单应急办法使疾病得到了控制。
of not allowing:不允许
Do not use Type 310 filler material except for welding Type 310 to Type 310.
310型填充金属只用于310型材料间的焊接。
Do not use:不使用
The calm demeanour of Mr Trichet and Mr Van Rompuy is not shared by the markets.
特理谢先生和范龙佩先生平静的态度和市场的态度是大相径庭。
is not shared:不共享
He could not do anything more than what he promised — namely, to look after Charlotte's estate.
他只能做到自己答应的事，那就是照看夏洛蒂的产业。
could not do anything more than what he promised:他所作的承诺,不能超过他所作的
I was in that half-and-half land where you are not completely asleep nor completely awake.
我当时半睡半醒。
are not completely asleep:他们还没有完全睡着
The not quite literal translation of this phrase is: that old trout.
这个词条大致上可以译为: 那个老家伙。
The not quite literal translation:不是完全的文字翻译
It is not surprising that many truckers worry about gaining weight.
难怪许多司机都担心会发胖。
is not surprising:那并不奇怪
Kinking endotracheal tube (ETT) is not an infrequent problem during general anesthesia.
在全身麻醉插管病患中，气管内管弯折其实是常见的问题。
is not an infrequent problem:并不是一个罕见的问题
Even white truffles, the prized culinary delicacy, could not escape the slump.
即便是食中珍馐松露也难逃贬值的命运。
could not escape:无法逃脱
There are five pieces of luggage, not counting the medical kit.
一共5件行李，药箱除外。
not counting:不计数
It cannot have been easy for a grown man to accept being carried about in the locked arms of aids.
一个成年人让随从们像照顾娃娃似地摆弄来摆弄去，真够呛。
can not have been easy:不可能这么简单
We must not fail to acknowledge his services to the town.
我们必须对他为市政作出的贡献表示感谢。
must not fail to:必须
Adieu, there is nothing that I will not brave for your sake.
再见! 为了你，我敢冒世间任何风险。
nothing that I will not brave:我不会勇敢的
It was not till 11 o'clock that he came back last night.
昨晚直到11点他才回来。
It was not till 11 o'clock that he came back last night:他昨晚才到11点才回来
She could not choose but adore him with all her heart.
她除了五体投地地崇拜他而外，还能怎么样呢。
could not choose but:不能选择,但
But everybody knows that Mike is not in the Family business.
但是谁都知道，迈克是置身于家族业务之外的。
is not in the Family business:不属于家庭业务
To collect stamps was then a novelty not affordable for many.
那时，集邮还是一件新鲜事，这样的爱好只有少数人消受得起。
not affordable for many:许多人买不起
And TUNEL positive cells were not found in the kidney of 70-day old adult mice.
在70d成年小鼠肾脏中，TUNEL阳性 细胞少见。
were not found:没有找到
There are no difficulties that cannot be ironed out if both parties are determined to reach an agreement.
只要双方都决心达成协议，什么困难都可以解决。
no difficulties that cannot be ironed:没有无法解决的困难
Their curtains are perpetually drawn, so a passerby cannot peer inside.
他们的窗帘遮得严严实实，外人难以看清内情。
can not:不能
But they will not succeed if AK keepssnubbing the biggest Kurdish party, the DTP.
但若正义与发展党继续对最大的库尔德政党——民主社会党指手画脚，这些努力便难见成果。
will not succeed:不会成功
It cannot have been easy for a grown man to accept being carried about in the locked arms of aides.
一个成年人让随从们像照顾娃娃似地摆弄来摆弄去，真难为情。
can not have been easy:不可能这么简单
Lackey says: " Consider your mouth only, not consider my mouth. "
仆人说:“只顾你的嘴，莫顾我的嘴.”
not consider:不考虑
The Alix Partners study forecast that US auto sales would not rebound until 2013.
AlixPartners的研究预测，美国汽车销售在2013年后才会复苏。
would not rebound until 2013:直到2013年才重新复苏
Tongue twisters always frustrate me because I cannot say them correctly.
绕口令一向让我很头大，因为我总是说错。
can not say them correctly:不能正确地说
Ambler spends its time, not walking, but worrying about getting the layout of the yard right.
他常常停下来，花大量的时间来试图搞清楚院子的地貌布局，却又对其判断患得患失。
not walking:不走路
As typifying the chances of war, Mars is, of course, not always successful.
胜败乃兵常事，马尔斯自然也有败北的时候。
not always successful:并非总是成功
Can you tinker with the t . v. set -- it's not working right.
你会修理电视机吗? 它出毛病了。
not working right:不正常
The anvil onto which the staples are pressed was not assemble correctly.
订书机上的铁砧安装错位。
was not assemble correctly:没有正确组装
In his anxiety not to offend them, he agreed to concessions.
因为怕得罪他们，他同意让步。
In his anxiety not to offend them:因为他担心不伤害他们
Photography was not allowed, I have attached a photo provided by the Kagyu Center.
因为禁止摄影，所以我呈上由嘎举中心所提供的相片。
was not allowed:不允许
I am a large-minded person originally, but i cannot bear what you have been doing.
我本来是一个宽宏大量的人，但你的行为实在叫人难以忍受。
can not bear:不能忍受
When you get anything and do not pay it until later, you are getting it on trust.
买东西稍后才付款，就是赊账购物。
do not pay it until later:直到晚些时候才付
It's not unusual for Microsoft chairman and CEO Gates to put in 16-hour days.
对于微软公司主席和总经理的盖茨来说，一天工作16小时是很平常的事。
not unusual:不寻常
China demanded that Australia not show a film about a Uighur leader in exile in America.
中国要求澳大利亚停止播放一段关于在美国流放的维吾尔领导人的视频。
not show:不显示
Socialism and Party leadership are interrelated, they cannot be separated from each other.
这两点是相互联系的，是一个问题。
cannot be separated from each other:不能彼此分开
It was not unusual for me come home at two or three in the morning.
凌晨两三点回家对我来说是很平常的事。
was not unusual:不寻常
Inspired, he worked in a white heat of creative energy, uninspired, he worked not at all.
灵感来时，他极度兴奋地写作，创造力源源涌至; 缺乏灵感时，他干脆搁笔。
worked not at all:根本没有工作
It had to be lonely -- he must not be seen leaping from the coal tender.
那里必须是人迹罕至的僻静处，以防他跳车时被人看见。
must not be:不得
Morgen: Because she's not working alone. They've used this ruse in a dozen local abductions.
由于她还有同伙，他们行使异样手段在当地履行一系列绑架。
's not working alone:不是一个人工作
They wore gloves so as not to leave any fingerprints behind (them).
他们戴着手套，以免留下指纹。
so as not to:这样才能避免
Other encoding name variants, such as UTF 8, UTF _ 8, etc. shall not be used.
必须避免采用其他的编码别名如UTF8，UTF_8等。
shall not be:不得
Any conduct harmful to the public interest must not be permitted.
凡是损害公共利益的行为，都应该制止。
must not be permitted:不得准许
Agrael Leopards do not change their spots, nor succubi their alliances.
阿格雷尔江山易改，本性难移。
do not change:不要改变
I've only just come here. I'm still not familiar with the work.
刚到这里，工作很生。
still not familiar:还不太熟悉
Some of my personal documents have been stolen, an act which will not go unpunished.
有些我的私人文件被偷了，这种行动将会被惩罚。
not go unpunished:不要无罪
Team Members must be able to swim not less than 50 M wearing light clothing.
参赛队员须能穿著轻便服饰游泳50米或以上。
swim not less than 50 M:游泳不超过50米
A child under 15 years old is not necessary to have Serological Test for HIV or Syphilis.
儿童15岁以下免接受[HIV抗体检查]及[梅毒血清检查]。
is not necessary:不必要
There are not less than one thousand people at the meeting.
会上至少有一千人。
are not less:不等于
Understandably, his much younger wife, Frances, could not tolerate this situation.
在这种情况下，可想而知，比他年轻得多的妻子弗朗西斯是难以接受的。
could not tolerate:不能容忍
The universality of the law of conservation of energy was not generally accepted until 1847.
能量守恒定律的普适性直到1847年才得到公认。
was not generally accepted until 1847:直到1847年才普遍接受
She has studied medicine at university, but has not had much practical experience of hospital work.
她在大学里学过医学，但医疗工作的实际经验还少。
has not had much practical experience:没有太多实际经验
The soldiers did not bother to moderate their coarse humour in her presence.
她在的时候，士兵们还是照样说粗俗的笑话，都懒得收敛。
did not bother:不打扰
Here sympathy sprang to rescue, but it was not unmixed with selfishness.
此刻同情就挺身而出，但是带着些儿自私之心。
was not unmixed:没有混杂
A required action was not successful due to an unspecified error.
由于出现意外错误，申请的操作执行失败。
was not successful:没有成功
The difficulty of phase unwrapping cannot be avoided in optical measurement based on fringe analysis.
在所有基于条纹分析的光学测量中，相位展开问题是难以避免的问题。
cannot be avoided:不能避免
Hamlet is usually played as a sorrowful person who cannot make decisions or take action.
哈姆雷特常被演成一个优柔寡断的伤感型人物。
cannot make decisions:不能作出决定
He succeeded with many who were not quite schooled in the art of love.
他在勾引那些初出茅庐，缺乏爱情经验的姑娘时往往成功。
were not quite schooled in the art of love:他们并不十分受过爱艺术的教育
The most ligaments of pedis and digiti pedis can not be identified.
跗部少量短而薄的韧带及跖、趾部大多数韧带难以辨认。
can not be identified:无法识别
The quality of this cloth is fine, but the colour is not quite right.
这块布质量挺好，就是颜色差点儿。
is not quite right:不完全正确
This should not be confused with symptoms of lightheadedness or fainting.
要注意分清楚这一点，以免把眩晕与头昏眼花、昏晕等症状混在一起。
should not be:不应
During the intervening period, fireman lift and partial common area lightings will not be affected.
停电期间，消防升降机及部份公众照明将正常运作。
will not be affected:不会受到影响
But the old ways do not vanish overnight, so the traditional dance has a stronger pull on their hearts.
旧的风俗习惯很难一下子改掉，因此传统的舞蹈对他们仍然有较大的吸引力。
do not vanish:不要消失
Daniel: Ahh, I was not availableSunday. I was too busy almost as much as you.
爸爸: 宝贝，我很抱歉，很多时候我总是太忙。
was not availableSunday:日期:星期日
Voter turnout was projected at 85 percent, a level not seen in 40 years.
据估计，本次投票率达到85%是四十年内最高的一次。
a level not seen in 40 years:这是40年来从未见过的水平
It was not unusual for the bank to involved in litigation over failed companies.
银行常常卷入关于公司倒闭的官司中。
was not unusual:不寻常
Kobayashi . " Achieving immortalization, a two-stage process, is not without challenges. "
达到永生，需要一个分为两步的过程，这充满了挑战。
is not without:不是没有的
Iran has friends, not least fellow nuclear rule-breakers North Korea, Syria and Myanmar.
伊朗也有朋友，尤其是违反核能规定的朝鲜、叙利亚和缅甸等伙伴。
not least:至少
Now time does not pass any longer, still you are loosing it.
生命已逝去很多，而你已失去很多。
does not pass any longer:不再过
Beautiful young heiresses, with names like Alinda De Barberie, are not often found on ships.
船上难得见到如阿玲达·德·巴伯利那样年轻美丽的女继承人。
are not often:不经常
Your recent work's been bad; I hope you're not losing your touch.
你最近的作品差了，我希望你能保持你的艺术功力。
're not losing:他们不会输
I know you've been a conscientious worker, content with your lot and not giving any trouble.
我知道你是个好人，你是安分守己的。
not giving any trouble:没有麻烦
Then, I realized, love can also be just love, its not always huge.
后来才发现，爱情也可以平淡点，舒服点。
its not always huge:它并非总是巨大的
The baby did not want to stop indoors althought it was raining outside.
尽管外面下着雨，这孩子还是要出门。
did not want to stop indoors:我不想在屋子里停下来
Luminaire so constructed that a specified vapor or gas cannot enter enclosure.
可防止一特定蒸汽或气体进入灯罩的灯具。
can not enter:不能进入
I saw her in the High Street, but she sheered off so as not to meet me.
我在大街上看见她，但她故意避开我。
as not to meet me:为了不认识我
Hence, Western philanthropic traditions, from volunteerism to philanthropic magnates, have not been as common in China.
因此，西方下到志愿者上到慈善巨头的慈善传统，在中国一直都很少见。
have not been as common:没有那么普遍
Voter turnout was projected at 85 percent, a level not seen in 40 years.
据估计，本次投票率达到85%，是四十年内最高的一次。
a level not seen in 40 years:这是40年来从未见过的水平
The magi brought valuable gifts, but that was not among them.
麦琪带来了宝贵的礼物，但就是缺少了那件东西。
that was not among them:那些不属于他们的人
And Yasuhisa Shiozaki, a former chief cabinet secretary, has not accepted Watanabe's entreaties to join him.
前官房长官盐崎恭久也拒绝了渡边一同退党的要求。
has not accepted:没有接受
The sense of not being wanted can set up an angst.
被摈弃的感觉会使人痛苦。
of not being wanted:不被追踪
We will visit London Bridge, Westminster, not forgetting the Big Ben.
我们将参观伦敦桥，西敏寺大教堂，还有大本钟。
not forgetting:不忘记
Those who hesitate under fire usually do not end up KIA or WIA.
弹雨之中逞英雄的人往往死得最快。
do not end up:不结局
In emergency circumstances, Emergency Managers cannot afford to have a malfunctioning system.
在紧急情况下，存在故障的系统是应急主管最难以忍受的。
can not afford:不能承受
His ticker's not very strong, ie He has a weak heart.
他心脏衰弱。
's not very strong:不是很强的
Jesus'replied that such external issues are not germane to worshiping God.
耶稣直指这些都只是外在和形式的事，与真正的敬拜是全然两回事。
are not germane:他们不是德国人
Make sure these circumstances apply to you before you decide not to wear your seat belt.
在确认你适合这些条件后再决定你是否系安全带。
decide not to:决定不
Let me, as a witness, tell them what happened so that they will not be wrongly informed.
让我这个目击者来告诉他们所发生的事情，也免得以讹传讹。
will not be:将不会
But Passepartout was not to be found, and tears coursed down Aouda's cheeks.
只是路路通失踪了，艾娥达夫人在为他流眼泪。
was not to be found:不能找到
Owen Hargreaves may not play at all on United's pre-season tour of Asia due to injury.
欧文哈格里夫斯因为伤势可能将缺席所有曼联在亚洲的季前赛。
may not play:不能玩
One cannot be too careful in guarding Party and state secrets.
保守党和国家的机密，慎之又慎。
cannot be too careful:不能太小心
Put the hot dish down on the mat, so you do not burn the table.
把热的菜碟放在垫子上，免得烫坏桌子。
do not:不要
The Mayo Clinic says not too long ago, one in ten thousand cases resulted in death.
梅奥医学中心的专家说，就在前些年，每一万个麻醉案例中就有一个死亡。
says not too long ago:不久前说
We left in the daytime so as not to arouse suspicion.
我们在白天离开以避免引起怀疑。
so as not:因此不
You flatter me, me achievements are not worthy of such praise.
我的这点成绩哪值得如此夸奖，先生过誉了。
not worthy of such praise:不值得如此赞扬
The professor, who teaches Web security, asked not to be named for fear of reprisal.
这位教授教的课程是网站安全，因为担心被报复，所以要求匿名。
asked not to be named:请不要被指名
And because farmers are not shipping livestock, meat production in Britain, at least, has virtually ceased.
由于英国农场主已停止转运牲畜、肉类，至少，眼下的情况是这样。
are not shipping:他们没有装船
Sir Allen and Ms Pendergest-Holt have pleaded not guilty to all charges.
艾伦和潘德杰斯特-何特均否认了所有指控。
pleaded not guilty:无罪 pleaded
There are medications that can help an alcoholic not feel the compelling desire to drink alcohol.
这些药物能够帮助他们抑制强烈的饮酒欲望。
alcoholic not feel the compelling desire:酗酒者没有强烈的欲望
Sneer at a way: The abacus disguised as such, not cheating, quick off!
把算盘伪装成这样了，休想作弊，快摘下来!
not cheating:不作弊
You must have a goal, and you must constantly work towards the achievement of that goal.
你必须有一个目标，而且你必须为了达到这个目标坚持不懈地努力！
constantly:不断
Indeed, Celtic have shown more than once they are able to acquit themselves very well, just as their fans who always help them a lot.
当然，凯尔特人队已经不止一次展示了他们自己的实力，就像他们的球迷那天，帮助他们很多。
more than once:不止一次
Its flavor ranges from tangy to spicy with a bit of a peppery aftertaste.
味道从刺鼻的到辛辣的不等，有胡椒的后味。
ranges:范围
Tom proved too much of an airhead to be class treasurer when he lost all the money.
汤姆把他班级的钱都丢了，这证明他太傻了根本不适合做生活委员。
too much of an airhead:太多的飞机头
Her arm is still and her grip on the air pistol is steady.
她的胳臂纹丝不动，手稳稳地握住手枪。
still:仍旧
The police are suspicious of his alibi because he already has a record.
警方对他不在场的辩解表示怀疑，因为他已有前科。
his alibi:他的借口
I have my own small collection of antiquarian books and first editions my self".
我也收集了不少古书和初版书。
small:小
It was also the age at which people would start to look askance at the office.
而且，人到了这个年龄，在职场上也开始不受待见了。
look askance:看问
Associate with positive people and protect yourself from all types of negativity.
和积极的人们交往，保护自己不受所有形式的消极侵害。
protect yourself from:保护自己免于
There are some great products out there that can automate this process, as well.
而且，现在市场上已经有一些不错的产品可以使这个步骤自动化。
great:伟大的
Why do we clutch at this baggage, even when were desperate to move on?
为什么有人仍然抓住行李不放，即使我们不顾一切的向前看。
clutch:握住
Every Christian by baptismal right has to live up to this standard.
每个基督徒受洗的权利不辜负这个标准。
live up:活下去
Free of fish, fish oils, wheat, yeast, barley, rice, lactose (milk sugar), milk and egg products.
不含鱼，鱼油，小麦，酵母，大麦，大米，乳糖，牛奶，蛋类产品。
Free of:无
He must be depressed. Ha -ha. I wonder why some many boys like network "beaut i es".
那他肯定伤心及了。哈哈，我就不明白了为什么那么多的男孩子喜欢网络美女。
wonder:惊奇
The day is a complete write-off and I head off to bed to sulk.
我对这个地方满腔怨恨，这一整天一无所获，我闷闷不乐地上床睡觉。
head off:开头
Nearby, an old man with a black beret selects two mangoes from the bottom of a battered cardboard box.
离她不远处，一位头戴黑色贝雷帽的老人从一只压扁的纸箱底部捡了两只芒果。
Nearby:附近
Her grandmother taught her to read before the age of three and took her to the local church, where she was nicknamed “The Preacher ” for her ability to recite Bible verses.
她不到三岁的时候，奶奶就教她读书，还带她去当地的教堂。在那里她被大家昵称为“传教士”，因为她能背诵《圣经》的许多章节。
before the age of:年满前
She bought an old biplane and worked on it, day and night. In 1930, Amy set off to fly to Australia.
她买了一架老的飞机并且不断的练习，在1930年，艾米启程前往澳大利亚。
worked on it:研究了它
Birdsong made loud the silence of the jets, florists ’ vases missed the bright blooms of far -off fields, and far - off farmers missed the cash those blooms would have brought.
清晰的鸟鸣声更彰显了毫无飞机的轰隆声的寂静，远处的原野不见盛开的花朵-花匠们的花瓶空空的，远方的农民们也未能从这些花卉中赚取分文。
missed:错过
She's OK, but she always likes to blab about how successful her husband is.
她还可以啦，不外她老爱提她老公有多乐成。
but:但
I decided to black out Sarah yesterday after what she said, so I shut my phone off.
昨天听完萨拉的话，我决定不让她联系到我，因此我关掉了手机。
black out:消灭
We usually get bugged by these people and blank our ears out of their constructive suggestions.
我们经常对别人在我们耳边的唠叨感到厌烦，对富有建设性的建议也听不进去。
blank:空
In 1986, a bloodless overthrow brought an army officer to power.
1986年，一次不流血的政变使一个军官上了台。
bloodless:无血
“The cost of renal replacement therapy is still less than 2% of the total budget ,” he says, but warns the cost could blow out should Thailand fail to focus on prevention and reduce new cases.
“肾脏替代治疗的费用只占总预算的2%以下”，他说。但他警告，如果泰国不能注重于预防和减少新的病例，费用可大幅度增长。
fail to:失败
The arc would lean if the blowtorch deviated from the weld seam.
焊丝不对中情况下，电弧倾斜系数增大。
deviated:偏离
It was said that she gave birth to a blue baby.
据说她生了一个先天不足的孩子。
a blue baby:蓝色的婴儿
Maybe you'll get tired of boatyard fees and decide to manage by yourself with a trailer.
也许你受不了船坞的收费了，决定用拖车解决问题。
get tired of:厌倦
Despite privatization, there are roughly 119, 000 state -owned enterprises today, with a book value of about $4 trillion.
在不考虑私有化的情况下，目前大约有119000家国有企业，账面价值约为4万亿美元。
Despite:尽管如此
I bet this movie will be soon become a box - office heat.
我肯定这部电影的票房收入一定不错。
heat:热
Pick a hat that will add some curvature to your face and make it appear less boxy.
选一顶能让你的脸更有弧度的帽子，这种帽子能让你的脸看上去不那么四四方方的。
less:少
Ralph resented this charge with more apparent earnestness than he commonly used.
拉尔夫不接受这种指责，他的态度比平时明朗而认真。
resented:厌恶
I really enjoy her friendship, and it saddens me to have this come between us.
我确实很在乎我们的友谊，我为我们之间的不快感到遗憾。
saddens:坟墓
As the bodyguards die off, a theme gradually emerges: there's always death and sacrifice on the road to revolution.
一个个正义之士的牺牲让影片的主题逐渐浮出水面：革命的道路上避免不了死亡和牺牲。
there's always:总是有
If you get stuck, you can use Up - > Right - > Down - > Left - > Down to open up the help file, or you can do Up - > Down to open the options dialog and tweak the sensitivity.
有不明白的地方，可以使用“向上-》向右-》向下-》向左-》向下”这个手势打开帮助文件，或者使用“向上-》向下”这个手势进行设置，修改手势敏感度。
get stuck:陷入困境
If you are afraid of sickness, dwell on your perfect health.
如果你担心患病，心中不断想像完美的健康。
dwell:居住
Johnson said he would rather have egg on his face than deaths on his hands.
约翰森表示，他宁愿让人们唾骂也不愿让人们因他的工作失误而死。
than:比
It's hard to feed them up, for they always eat their heads off.
喂饱他们真不容易，因为他们都食量惊人。
hard:很困难
How can we stay positive and fend off negativity when it comes our way?
那么，我们如何在意外发生时抵御不良情绪而保持乐观呢？
negativity:消极
Regardless of all the difficulties, we'll fight it out to the end.
不顾一切困难，我们将斗争进行到底。
Regardless:不管
She would rather fool with a bee than be with a fool.
她情愿玩玩蜜蜂也不愿与愚人为伍。
than:比
She will rather fool with a bee than is with a fool.
她情愿玩玩蜜蜂也不愿与愚人为伍。
than:比
When John graduated from school ,he decided that he was done with study for good and all 。
约翰从学校毕业后，认为自己以后再也不用读书了。
was done with:是完成的
When John graduated from school, he decided that he was done with study for good and all.
约翰从学校毕业时，决定永远不再和学习打交道了。
was done with:是完成的
He hoped that the repairs would stop the leak for good (and all).
他希望修理后能一劳永逸不再漏水。
stop:停止
Give back my toy, or I will tell Dad on you.
把玩具还给我,不然我去向爸爸告你的状.
or:或
Then there are the few brave souls who grab at its horns and hang on at all costs.
只有极少数的灵魂不畏艰险，不惜一切。
brave:勇敢
Then there are the few brave souls who grab at its horns and hang on at all costs.
只有极少数的灵魂不畏艰险，不惜一切。
at all costs:无论如何
To save her hour, she would (had) sooner starve than beg.
为了保全面子，她宁愿饿决不乞讨。
than:比
The sight would have moved a heart of stone, much more of flesh and blood.
这情景使铁石心肠也为之感动，不消说血肉之躯了。
much more of:更多
Increase your tolerance, and rejection loses its hold over your future performance.
锻炼你的忍耐力，那么拒绝将不能持续影响到你未来的表现。
loses:失去
There is a small hole at the bottom of the tank. How can it hold water?
这个水槽子底部有一个小洞，它怎么能不漏水呢？
hold water:保持水
Deeply moved by the play, she could hardly keep back her tears.
她被那出戏深深感动了，禁不住流下了眼泪。
could hardly:几乎不可能
He could barely keep body and soul together let alone support his family.
他连自己的生活都难以维持，更不用说养家了。
let alone:别说了
He maketh the barren woman to keep house, and to be a joyful mother of children.
他使不能生育的妇人安居家中，为多子的乐母。
barren: barren
To enrich and surpass oneself constantly can keep a healthy psychology, to promote oneself and students' psychosomatic development harmoniously.
不断充实、提升自我，保持健康的心理，以促进自身和学生身心和谐发展。
keep:保持
Activists are concerned that if these markers' leak out'of the GM plants, and are absorbed by bacteria, they could ensure the survival of the very bacteria the drugs were created to kill.
环境保护者担心，如果这些标示基因从转基因作物中“泄露”出去，并被细菌所吸收，它们可能让某些细菌具有强大生存能力，不怕抗生素的攻击。
ensure the survival:确保生存
My doctor told me I'd better stop, but I had to lose part of my tongue to learn, "he said."
他说：“我的医生告诉我最好戒掉，但等到我意识到这一点时，我的一部分舌头已经保不住了。”
lose:失去
When you snack throughout the day, it's easy to lose track of how much you've eaten.
当你一整天都在吃零食的时候，很容易记不清你到底吃了多少东西。
lose track of:失去追踪
Man of few words said, I like to listen to that first episode first.
话不多说，听听那首我喜欢的插曲先。
few:很少
I changed from a man of few words to an active and voluble person.
我从一个内向不善言辞的人转变成了一个活泼并健谈的人。
few words:几句话
He tried to back up off the track but got completely stuck.
当他试图向后把车倒出时，却发现车已经完全卡在轨道里纹丝不动了。
completely stuck:完全陷入困境
The long list of accomplishments and victories – both big and small – goes on and on.
这份汇集了成果和胜利的长长清单，有大有小，还在不断增加。
on and on:继续
The husband and wife seem to be on the outs these days.
这对夫妇这些天似乎感情不好。
on the outs:在外边
She said the couple's relationship had been on the outs for at least five years and probably should have ended sooner.
瑞恩坦言，分手前夫妇俩关系不和就已经有5年时间了，或许真应该更早一点分开。
on the outs:在外边
Out of season travel has its advantages - it's less crowded, and many airfares and accommodation prices go right down.
在淡季出行有它的好处-它不那么拥挤，许多机票和住宿都有很大的折扣。
less crowded:较少拥挤
Our team had performed at a pace that was far out of sync with the client organization.
我们团队的生产力太高了，客户公司远远跟不上我们。
out of sync:不同步
The service road ran parallel to the busy East Imperial Highway, less than half a mile away.
这条侧道与车来车往的东帝国干道平行，彼此之间的距离不到半英里。
less than:少于
On that question I'm afraid I must part company with you.
在那一问题上，恐怕我和你的意见不一致。
part:部分
If the word is short, I hope you'll be able to paste up.
如果单词不多，我希望您能够贴出来。
short:短
I prefer to work rather than go to holiday to the seaside.
我宁愿工作也不愿去海滨度假。
rather than:而不是
Instead, pride yourself on the quality of the work you ’ve gotten done each day.
不如用每天完成工作的质量来小小满足下虚荣心。
Instead:相反,
R: There are quite a few. Usually each department is headed by a vice- president or an assistant cashier.
罗杰斯：有不少呢，通常每个部门都有一个副董事长或者一个助理司库作为领导
quite a few:相当数量的
All of the popular desktop browsers above support quite a few features.
上面所列的所有常用桌面浏览器所支持的特性都不少。
quite a few:相当数量的
It is better to fight for justice than to rail at the ill. - --- A. Tennyson, British writer.
与其责骂罪恶，不如伸张正义。----英国作家丁尼生A。
It is better:更好了
It is better to fight for justice than to rail at the ill.
与其责骂罪恶，不如伸张正义。
It is better:更好了
It is better to fight for justice than to rail at the ill. (Alfred Tennyson, British writer)
与其责骂罪恶，不如伸张正义。（英国作家丁尼生A）
It is better:更好了
It is better to fight for justice than to rail at the ill. (Alfred Tennyson, British Poet)
与其责骂罪恶，不如伸张正义。（英国作家丁尼生A）
It is better:更好了
It is better to fight for justice than to rail at the ill.
与其求全谴责罪恶，不如伸张正义。
It is better:更好了
The family then came to the attention of geneticists at Oxford, who began a dogged search for the gene that caused these problems.
随后，牛津大学的遗传学家们也开始注意到了这个家庭，并对导致该问题的基因展开了不懈的搜寻。
dogged:固执
His girlfriend left the week before, less than a day after they shut off the electricity.
他的女朋友一个星期前离开了，在他们切断电源后不到一天。
less than:少于
If your car breaks down, sit tight and wait for the police.
如果你的车坏了，你就坐着不动等警察来。
sit tight:紧紧地坐
If your car break down, just sit tight and wait for the police to come along.
如果你的车子抛锚，就留在原处不动，等警察来。
sit tight:紧紧地坐
He is too lazy to work and prefers to sponge on his parents.
他太懒，不愿工作，宁愿依赖父母为生。
too lazy to work:工作太懒了
Infertility is common among womewho starve themselves for long periods or who are very obese.
不育的妇女往往出自那些长期饥饿或非常肥胖的妇女。
Infertility:不孕症
He kept me well supply with cup of coffee while I wrote the report.
我写报告时，他一直不停地给我一杯杯续咖啡。
kept:保留
Why are you silent while the wicked swallow up those more righteous than themselves?
恶人吞灭比自己公义的，你为何静默不语呢。
silent:沉默
Could you take care of my parrot for me when I’m out.
我不在的时候，你能否替我照看一下我的鹦鹉？
out:出去
How could you turn a deaf ear to her requests for help?
你怎么能对她的请求帮助置之不理呢?。
turn a deaf ear:变个聋子
Before I walk out on stage, you suddenly have a bad thought.
在走上舞台之前，你的心中突然有了很不好的预想。
bad:坏
But doctors, nurses and hospital staff wash up less than half as often as they should.
但医生、护士以及其它医护人员洗手的频率却达不到正常的一半。
less than:少于
Anyone could have seen with half an eye that she was upset.
任何人都能一眼看出她神情不安。
upset:沮丧
I would rather go to work by bike than by bus.
我宁愿骑自行车也不愿乘公共汽车去上班。
than:比
The girl felt abashed at the sight of the room filled with strangers.
女孩因房中挤满陌生人而局促不安。
abashed:淡淡
You abhor conflict, and have a highly developed sense of objectivity and conflict resolution.
你讨厌独处，不喜欢矛盾冲突，并且具有很强的公正观念和解决矛盾冲突的能力。
a highly developed sense:一种高度发展的感官
He ached at the very thought of what might happen to his wife.
一想到他妻子可能出事，他感到痛苦不安。
ached:痛苦
The eye reaction after operation was mild, and the postoperative visual acuity recovered well.
手术反应较轻，远期无不良反应，视力恢复良好。
reaction:反应
"But if your heart is turned away and your ear is shut, and you go after those who would make you servants and worshippers of other gods:"
倘若你心里偏离，不肯听从，却被勾引去敬拜事奉别神，
ear is shut:耳朵闭着
"Come on, "said Miss Smith, "has the cat got your tongue? What have you two been up to there, may I ask? "
"喂,"史密斯小姐说"你们为什么不说话,你们俩在做什么,我能问一问吗?"
has the cat got your tongue:猫咬了你的舌头了吗?
"Get the hell out of here,"Neri said, "or I'll drag you out of that car and break your ass."
“妈的，快给我滚开，”奈里喝道，“不然的话，我就把你从车上拽下来，把你的屁股打个稀巴烂。”
or:或
"Money talks, that's for sure. All the best seats were reserved for the big shots."
钱可通神，一点也不假。所有的好座位都留给了大人物。
for sure:当然
"My friend,"he said with thick utterance."how can you, how dare you, carry on a trade like this?"
“朋友”，他用不清晰的声调说，“你怎么能，怎么敢干这种买卖呢？”
thick:厚
"When the first white settlers came to America, they were taken aback by a cultural practice some American Indians had. "
当第一批白人定居者抵达美洲时,他们对印第安人的文化习惯感到惊讶和不适应。
were taken aback by:他们被
"Worse off than some, better off than many; To fall short of the best, But the better than the worst"
比上不足,比下有余
Worse off:更糟
"and they will send out the oxen and the sheep on all the hills which before were worked with the spade,... fear of blackberries and thorns."
所有用锄刨挖的山地，你因怕荆棘和蒺藜，不敢上那里去。只可成了放牛之处，为羊践踏之地。
fear of:害怕
(5) When he or she is bankrupt or fails to comply with a court order to repay debts;
（五）破产或经法庭裁定偿还债务而不履行；
fails to comply with:未能遵守
-I'm afraid he was out of shape. He lost the day.
我看不行。他输了。
out of shape:变形
1. Listen carefully and write @T@ for true and @F@ for false.
根据短文内容，在下列句子前标上T（对）或F（不对）。
for false:为假
A car suddenly shoot out of a side road and nearly hit me
有一辆汽车冷不防从岔道上冲出, 险些撞著我
suddenly:突然
A car suddenly shot out of a side road and nearly hit me.
有一辆汽车冷不防从岔道上冲出, 险些撞着我.
suddenly:突然
A chewy cookie made with sugar, egg whites, and almond paste or coconut.
蛋白杏仁甜饼干一种不易咬碎的饼干，用糖、蛋白、杏仁糊或可可粉做成
chewy:栗色
A closely woven mat of brush and poles used to protect an embankment, a dike, or a dam from erosion.
（用以护堤、坝等的）柴排，沉排，沉床荆棘和杆子的密织席，用于保护堤、坝，使不受侵蚀
from:从
A dental appliance, constructed of bands and wires that is fixed to the teeth to correct irregular alignment.
牙箍安装在牙齿上的纠正不规则排列的由箍带和钢丝做的牙齿矫正器
irregular:不规则
A few paces further along, a small figure sat huddled on a wooden bench.
往前走不远的地方，只见有个身材矮小的汉子蜷缩坐在木凳上。
A few paces further along:再走一步
A great many more periodically starve; many actually die of want.
还有很多人经常没有东西吃；不少人实际上死于贫困。
many:许多
A lot of new words go out of date very quickly.
不少新词很快就不通用了。
A lot of:很多
A police car jogged along on the rough path to the village.
一辆警车在通向村庄的高低不平的小路上颠簸地行进。
rough:粗糙
A weather cock and an artful person, he spoke a lot of beautiful words to please people.
他这个人, 见风使舵, 八面玲珑, 说了不少使大家高兴的话。
a lot of:很多
Actually, it would be a good idea to adopt Xiangzi as your son.
其实有祥子这么个干儿子也不坏！
good:好的
After a bad fall I am out of action for a month.
我在重重地摔了一跤後,有一个月的时间不能行动。
out of:离开
After a bad fall I was out of action for a month.
我在重重地摔了一跤后,有一个月的时间不能行动。
out of:离开
After the abstraction of the juice from the orange, only a tasteless pulp is left.
柳橙里的汁去掉後，只剩下不可口的肉了。
tasteless:无味
Ahead of her, the street of grey mean little houses crawled endlessly.
在她前面，街道两旁歪歪扭扭地排列着破烂不堪的灰蒙蒙的小房子，一眼望不到头。
mean:中等
All day long the army of the Persians was kept at bay.
整整一天，波斯军队被牵制住不能前进一步。
was kept:被保留
Among the students there are also quite a few who stand opposed to us.
学生中间跟我们对立的人也不少。
quite a few:相当数量的
Amy stand rivet to the spot and gaze at the entrance.
艾美一动不动站在那里，并紧盯著入口。
stand:站立
Amy's pitiless step-mother refused to look after her when she was seriously ill.
艾米那个铁石心肠的继母在她生重病时不肯照料她。
refused:拒绝
An MNC may decide to establish a branch rather than a subsidiary because of a given tax situation.
一个跨国公司，由于特定的税收环境，就可能决定建立分公司而不建立子公司。
rather than:而不是
An entire military operation may be adversely affected if a few shells misfire on the battlefield at a critical moment.
在战场上关键时刻有几发炮弹打不响，就可能影响整个战斗。
adversely affected:受影响
And I wonder if there are some balcony seats still available.
不知道还有没有包厢的位子？
wonder:惊奇
And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land.
扫罗曾在国内不容有交鬼的和行巫术的人。
put away:放开
And there are quite a few other problems of the same order.
其他类似的问题还不少。
quite a few:相当数量的
Any of various tropical or subtropical plants of the genus Begonia, widely cultivated as ornamentals for their usually asymmetrical, brightly colored leaves.
秋海棠泛指各种热带或亚热带的植物秋海棠属，因其长着颜色鲜艳且不对称的叶子而被作为观赏植物广泛培植
asymmetrical:不对称
As children grow up, they drift away from their parent's views.
随着孩子不断成长，他们便开始偏离其父母的观点。
grow up:长大
As soon as I had entered the yard, I saw that the storm had been hard on Dollie's flowers.
我一进门就发现这场暴风雨对黛里的花可真不留情。
had been hard:很困难
As stakeholders, they are more dependent upon the firm for their livelihoods than shareholders and less able to control events than senior managers.
作为利益相关者，他们比股东更依靠公司来生活，不如高级经理能控制事变。
less:少
At day’s or week’s end, the program can make sure that irreconcilable transactions are apparent to the user.
在一天或一周结束时，程序可以将不能协调的事务转移到暂停账目中。
irreconcilable:不可调和
At last he quickened his pace but still failed to come up with us.
他最后加快了步伐，但仍旧追不上我们。
failed to come up:没有来
Be ill (awake, asleep, away, away from home, abroad, busy, free, back, back from abroad, here, there, home, absent from school)
有病(醒着，睡着，走了，离家，出国，忙，有空，回来，回国，在这儿，在那儿，在家，不在学校)
absent from:不在
Because the work was so lucrative, a few doctors were tempted to take on more of it than they could properly handle.
由于这种事获利丰厚，有些医生就不顾他们的实际可能，尽量多接。
than:比
Better be a neighbour that is near than a brother far off.
远亲不外近邻。
Better:比特
Better be foremost among commoners than be the lowest of the aristocracy.
宁在地狱为王，不在天堂为臣。
than:比
Better return home and make a net than long for fish by the waterside.
临渊羡鱼,不如退而结网。
Better:比特
But he seemed to see better with one eye than with two.
但两只眼睛不能分明的，他一只眼睛却办到了。
than:比
But she -- the naughty baggage -- little will she care what they put upon the bodice of her gown.
可她——那个破烂货——她才不在乎他们在她前襟上贴个什么呢！
little will she care:她一点也不关心
But the children also endure a hidden war between their Bengali and American selves.
但他们也在孟加拉背景和美国文化中进行着一场不为人察觉的战争。
hidden:隐藏
Butterfly valves can operate for more than10,000 cycles and still provide"bubble tight"shut off.
蝶阀在使用10,000次以上，仍然能够保证关闭时"不透气"。
shut off:关掉
By an irresistible association of ideas, he went beyond logic and reason.
不由自主的联想竟把他引向逻辑和理性以外去了。
irresistible:不可抗拒的
Cao Cao from then onwards, let down his guard on Liu Bei.
曹操见状，大笑不止，认为刘备连打雷都害怕，成不了大事，对刘备放松了警觉。
onwards:继续
Chairman Mao is like Jesus to us,"he said on the verge of tears.
毛主席在我们心中的地位不啻与耶稣基督”，说这话时，他强忍着眼泪。
is like:就像
Charged so fully with his mission, he shrank from contact with anybody.
因为一心想着自己的使命，所以他不愿意和任何人接触。
shrank from:从
Commander Tazewell Shepard, the naval aide, gave a report, precise and bleak, on the beachhead.
海军副官泰兹韦尔·谢泼德中校报告了滩头阵地确实的又不妙的情况。
bleak:暗淡
Contrary to the doctor's orders, he had gone back to work.
他不听医生的吩咐, 又回去工作了.
Contrary to:与
Declaration: to be signed by the legal representative, or by authorized agent if the former is absent.
声明人：填写法定代表人姓名。如法定代表人不在时,可填写代理申报人姓名。
is absent:缺席
Diana, with her photogenic good looks, her sympathetic gestures and an air of vulnerability, seemed much more relaxed than the other royals, and much more accessible.
戴安娜有着一副上镜的姣好容貌，她那能让人产生共鸣的手势和毫不设防的表情，让她看上去远比王室其他成员平易近人。
relaxed:放松
Don' t lean on the table or it' ll tip up.
别倚桌子, 不然就倚倒了.
or:或
Down street have so far refuse to comment on these report.
英国政府对这些报道迄今不予置评。
refuse:拒绝
Even a dog was better off. He could lie down anywhere and sleep.
我还不如一条狗，狗有个地方便可以躺下睡；
better off:更幸福
Far be it from me to betray a friendship I hold so sacred.
所以我不愿欺骗我认为神圣的友谊。
it from me:这是我说的
Figure 2-3: The ubiquitous calendar is so familiar that we rarely stop to apply Information-Age sensibilities to its design on the screen.
图2-3 我们太熟悉这些无处不在的日历，以至于在设计屏幕上的日历时，几乎从来不思考信息时代的特点。
ubiquitous:到处都有
Fitzpiers had hardly been gone an hour when Grace began to sicken.
菲茨比尔斯走后几乎不到一个小时，格雷丝就开始发病了。
hardly been gone:几乎没去过
For a start, it can buy you a tree, which will help make soil stay on the land.
首先，你可以用五元钱买一棵树，而这棵树可以使泥土不流失。
stay:留住
For if he believed what he said, then his life was set on an irrevocable course.
因为如果他念念不忘他所说的话，那他此去也就没命了，等于无可挽回地踏上了死路。
believed:相信
Go down the ladder when you marry a wife; go up when you choose a friend.
娶妻不攀高亲，交友需找名流。
Go down:下车
Gold or silver considered with respect to quantity rather than value.
条，块金，银只考虑数量而不重价值的金或银
rather than:而不是
Goods of high quality is few and far between these day.
质地精美上乘的物品现在不多见。
few:很少
H A It is better to fight for justice than to rail at the ill.--Alfreds Tennyson, British writer
与其责骂罪恶,不如伸张正义。英国作家丁尼生
better:更好
He composed heroic songs and began to write many a tale of enchantment and knightly adventure.
他谱写英雄短歌并着手编写不少记叙巫术和骑士历险的故事。
many:许多
He could stay up nights and sleep the whole day through.
他能几夜不睡，又能整天睡觉。
stay up:站起来
He decided that he might as well have it out with her.
他决定还不如和她谈清楚。
might as well:同样可能
He developed less a coherent analysis than a series of brilliant tableaux.
与其说他作了一个前后连贯的分析，倒不如说他描绘了一系列出色的场景。
less:少
He had always an easy temper, a faultless digestion, and a rosy cheek.
他一向无忧无虑，消化不错，面色红润。
faultless:无误
He is hellbent for revenge after the bully beat up his brother
在混混痛打他弟弟之後,他不顾一切地去寻仇
hellbent:沉睡的
He keep me well supply with cup of coffee while i write the report
我写报告时, 他一直不停地给我一杯杯续咖啡
keep:保持
He knew we were upset and for some reason he wanted to calm us down.
看到我们焦虑不安，出于某种不可告人的目的，他想把我们稳
upset:沮丧
He lay perfectly still and played dead to escape capture by the enemy.
一动不动地躺在地上装死，以逃避被敌人俘虏。
still:仍旧
He put his hands on his knees and laughed and laughed.
他把手放在他的膝盖上，不停地笑着。
laughed and laughed:笑得笑得笑
He reflected,"What's the matter with me today? Seems like I've got an awful grouch."
他暗暗寻思：“我今天怎么啦？仿佛情绪不对头。”
awful:可怕
He sat down, lit his cigar and clapped his hands rather gloomily.
他坐了下来，点着了雪茄，不高兴地拍了三下手板。
gloomily:悲惨地
He seemed little more than a boy-with a narrow, sharp-featured face.
他看来似乎不比一个孩子大多少，脸型狭长，五官清晰。
little more than:少于
He stood silent, and roBBed the top of his sword, or played with a Button on his coat.
他一声不吭地站着，不时地用手摸着剑头或者抚弄大衣上的钮扣。
silent:沉默
He thought married men would rather stay home than go to war for a couple of years, so he banned marriage and engagements.
他认为已婚的男子宁愿呆在家里而不愿出外连年征战，因此他禁止结婚和订婚。
than:比
He took hold of the shoe on the dead woman's foot. It resisted and came off with difficulty.
他抓住女尸脚上的鞋子，可那鞋子死紧死紧的，好不容易才被脱下。
with difficulty:很困难
He was away for a short while and soon came back.
他出去不大工夫就回来了。
a short while:短时间
He was away ill and I was landed with all his work.
他因病不在，他的工作都推在我身上。
was away:不在
He was so sleepy that he could hardly keep his eyes open.
他瞌睡的很,两只眼睛都快睁不开了。
hardly:几乎没有
He was suspended from school for a week for bad conduct.
他因表现不好被停学一周。
bad:坏
He was the black sheep of the family after he had been to prison.
他入狱后，成了这个家的不肖之子。
the black sheep:黑羊
He was too lazy to work and too proud to beg.
他懒于工作,又不屑乞讨。
too proud:太骄傲了
He went out of his way to touch Base with a Broad cross section of... residents
他不厌其烦地和一大群具有代表性的各色居民交往
went out of his way:他走得很远
He' ll change his job sooner than work for that boss.
他宁愿换个工作干，也不为那个老板工作。
than:比
He's been very restless all day and he was awake nearly all last night.
整天他都神魂不安，昨儿一整夜几乎没有合上眼。
restless:不耐烦
Her eyes were heavy for lack of sleep and her face was pale.
她的眼睛好像睡眠不足，她的脸色白中带青。
lack of:缺乏
Her head is out of proportion to the size of her body.
她的头部与身体大小不成比例.
out of:离开
His faults are accepted as the necessary complements to his merits.
他的瑕疵在世人的眼中已经成为他的优点的必不可少的补足物。
necessary:必要
His fixed idea was to get away to some obscure spot.
他当时只想跑到一个不见人的地方。
obscure:暗淡
His left signal light came on. In a moment he'd be gone.
他的左车灯亮了,在一瞬间他就从此一去不复返了。
be gone:离开
His speed on the football field makes up for his lack of size.
在足球场上，他的速度弥补了他身材不高的不足。
lack of size:缺乏尺寸
How could you turn a deaf ear to her requests for help?
你怎么能对她的请求帮助置之不理呢?
turn a deaf ear:变个聋子
How many of you, I wonder, when you gaze at a play, a movie, or any spectacle, realize and give thanks for the miracle of sight which enables you to enjoy its color, grace, and movement?
我不知道，当你们注视着这一部剧，一场电影，或任何奇观时，你们中间有多少人意识到并感激使你们享受到它的色彩、优雅和动作的视力奇迹？
wonder:惊奇
How many, I wonder, give it so much as a seconds glance?
我不知道，到底有多少人再对它多看一眼？
wonder:惊奇
How, he wondered, had he become a champion of the horrendous 35th Amendment?
他不明白自己怎么也居然成为了恐怖的第三十五号修正案的辩护士了。
wondered:惊奇
When people are least sure,they are often most dogmatic(John Kenneth Galbraith.
当人们越不确定时，他们经常越固执已见（约翰•肯尼斯•加尔布雷思）。
are least sure:最不确定的
"When people are least sure, they are often most dogmatic" (John Kenneth Galbraith).
“当人们越不确定时，他们经常越固执己见” （约翰•肯尼斯•加尔布雷思）。
are least sure:最不确定的
A man who would rather face the music than the audience.
一个宁可面对音乐而不愿面对听众的人。
than:比
At 18, he's still rather frivolous and needs to grow up.
他到了十八岁仍然很不懂事，很不成熟。
frivolous:愚蠢
After two sleepless nights of hard work, my brother’s heart trouble flared up.
在努力工作了两个不眠之夜后，我哥哥的心脏病突然发作了。
sleepless:睡不着
A car suddenly shot out of a side road and nearly hit me.
有一辆汽车冷不防从岔道上冲出，险些撞著我。
suddenly:突然
At the Hoover Dam, the water level has dropped more than 8feet.
胡佛水坝的水位线已经下降了不止80英尺（约为24米）。
more than:超过
A: Oh, how nice! But... uh... Do you get to see them often?
喔，真好！那么...嗯...您常不常去看她们呢？
often:经常
A3. Make the Attack Roll: Roll d2and add all relevant modifiers. If the result is at least equal to the target's AC, the attack is tentatively a hit.
进行进攻掷骰：投掷20面骰子，并加上所有相关的修正。如果结果不小于目标的防御等级，则该进攻暂时成功。
at least equal to:至少等于
At school they baited the boy mercilessly because of the way he talked.
在学校里他们不留情面地嘲笑那男孩的说话方式，故意惹他生气。
mercilessly:无情地
A microorganism is too small to see with the naked eye.
微生物太小，不能用肉眼看见。
too small to see:看起来太小了
A: She talked on and on about her son's success.I was tired of it.
她不停地谈着她的儿子的成功，我都烦透了。
on and on:继续
At the neck of the wrecked deck, the reckoner checked the opaque cheque.
在遭破坏的甲板的颈部，计算者检查了这张不透明支票。
opaque:不透明
An overtone of anger barely masked; praise with overtones of envy.
几乎不加掩饰生气的表露；带着微露出的妒忌或表扬
barely masked:几乎没有面具
A company that has the right attitude and strategy to face the challenges has assured right for survival.
一个公司只有能够正确面对竞争，并拿出有效的竞争方案，才能在商场上立于不败之地。
survival:生存
After the accident my right hand withered up and became useless.
那次事故以后，我的右手残废了，什么也不能干了。
useless:无用
A car suddenly shoot out of a side road and nearly hit me.
有一辆汽车冷不防从岔道上冲出，险些撞著我。
suddenly:突然
A: I'd rather starve than suffer the torture of the beast!
我宁愿饿死也不受这份罪。
than:比
An astronaut will attempt to leave the stationary spaceship and then return to it.
一名宇航员试着离开静止不动的宇宙飞船，然后再返回。
stationary: stationary
A few large firms have a stranglehold on the production of this essential commodity.
少数几家大公司对这种不可或缺的日用品的生产给予箝制。
essential:重要的
A I'm too tired to go out. Do you really want to go?
我太累了，不能出去了。你确实非常想去吗？
too tired to go out:出去太累了
A title is entitled to the retired werror entire tire tirelessly.
那个不倦地修理了整个轮胎的退休工人被授予了一个头衔.
tirelessly:不倦地
A title is entitled to the retired worker who repaired the entire tire tirelessly.
那个不倦地修理了整个轮胎的退休工人被授予了一个头衔.
tirelessly:不倦地
Added to this advantage is a less obvious but material one.
除了这点，还有一个不太明显但却很实际的优势。
less:少
As a matter of fact,violent TV program have a bad effect on children's growth.
事实证明，暴力电视节日对儿童的成长有不良影响。
bad:坏
A dental appliance, constructed of bands and wires that is fixed to the teeth to correct irregular
牙箍安装在牙齿上的纠正不规则排列的由箍带和钢丝做的牙齿矫正器
irregular:不规则
A car suddenly shoot out of a side road and nearly hit me
有一辆汽车冷不防从岔道上冲出，险些撞著我。
suddenly:突然
A police car jogged along on the rough path to the village
一辆警车在通向村庄的高低不平的小路上颠簸地行进。
rough:粗糙
A chewy cookie made with sugar, egg whites, and almond paste or coconut
蛋白杏仁甜饼干一种不易咬碎的饼干，用糖、蛋白、杏仁糊或可可粉做成
chewy:栗色
All those bones still have a lot of meat on them.
那些骨头上还有不少肉呢。
a lot of:很多
At the airport, you can buy good stuff at the duty free store.
你可以在机场的免税商店里买到不错的东西。
good:好的
A Study on the Instability of the C(t) Characteristics of P-Si MOS Structure
P型硅MOS结构C(t)不稳定性研究
Instability:不稳定
A COMPARATIVE STUDY ON POLLEN CYTOMORPHOLOGY OF MALE STERILE AND MALE FERTILE WELSH ONION
雄性不育和可育大葱花粉细胞形态学比较研究
STERILE:斯特里尔
Analysis of Personality of 5Infertility Patients Due to Deficiency of Kidney and Stagnation of Liver Qi
50例肾虚肝郁不孕症患者人格结构分析
Infertility:不孕症
ASYMMETRICAL REDUCTION OF THE SYMMETRICAL DIKETONES MICRO-ORGANISM——Ⅱ. ASYMMETRICAL REDUCTION OF 2-ALKYL-2- (3′-ETHYLENEGLYCOL KETAL-BUTYL) -1, 3- CYCLOPENTANEDIONE
对称二酮类化合物的微生物不对称还原——Ⅱ.2-烷基-2-(3′-乙二醇缩酮丁基)-1,3-环戊二酮的不对称还原
ASYMMETRICAL:美式
ARTIFICIAL MEDIA DEVOID OF INSECT ADDITIVES FOR REARING LARVAE OF THE ENDOPARASITOID WASP TRICHOGRAMMA
不含昆虫物质的赤眼蜂幼虫人工饲料
DEVOID:德沃伊德
A Study on the Inelastic Earthquake Response of the Asymmetric-plan Structure
平面不规则结构非弹性地震反应规律研究
Asymmetric:不对称
Among those with chromosome aberrations 7(16.%) showed recurrent miscarriage or stillbirth.
染色体异常和异态患者中患有反复自发流产、死胎等不良妊娠者为16.4％(71/432);
miscarriage:流产
and those, who are less competent but honest and just, with Shasen or Bailongma---a white horse.
一类能力平平,但踏踏实实且不够活跃的学生近似于沙僧和白龙马。
less:少
In defiance of the law you drove your car much too fast.
你不顾法律，行车太快了。
In defiance of:违背
I will turn my face away from them, and they will desecrate my treasured place; robbers will enter it and desecrate it.
22我必转脸不顾以色列人，他们亵渎我隐密之所，强盗也必进去亵渎。
away from them:远离他们
If your car break down, just sit tight and wait for the police to come along
如果你的车子抛锚，就留在原处不动，等警察来。
sit tight:紧紧地坐
If your car breaks down, just sit tight and wait for the police to come along.
如果你的车子抛锚,就留在原处不动,等警察来。
sit tight:紧紧地坐
I am sorry for his failure, still more for his ill-health
我对他的失败感到很遗憾，更为他的健康状况不佳感到惋惜。
ill:病
I am sorry for his failure, still more for his ill-health.
我对他的失败感到很遗憾，更为他的健康状况不佳感到惋惜。
ill:病
If Jane's temperature stays up all day, send for the doctor at once.
如果简的高烧整日不退，立刻去请大夫。
temperature stays up:温度保持上升
It is bad for the War of Resistance to pay attention only to the one side and neglect the other.
只顾一方面，不顾另一方面，都将不利于抗日。
neglect:忽略
I tried to stand on my own two feet rather than turned to my parents
我设法自立而不求助于我的父母。
rather than:而不是
if they refuse to do so, they shall ordered to pull them down.
拒不拆除的，责令拆除。
refuse:拒绝
It is very hard to get rid of his dependency on the drugs
解除他的毒瘾很非常困难
very hard:非常困难
In a pretty predicament; a situation that has reached a pretty pass.
处境极为尴尬；处理特别不妙的
pretty:很漂亮
I want to go home but my love gets me through. <<The Sore Feet Song>>
渴望踏上归程爱让我永不放弃. <<虫之歌>>
gets me through:使我通过
It was as much as he could do to pay his way.
他只能做到不负债的地步。
pay his way:付出代价
I would rather have died than bowed the neck to the enemy.
我宁愿死也不愿向敌人低头。
than:比
It is better to read a few books carefully than to read many at random.
随便读许多书不如细细地读几本书。
better:更好
In the vote on that question Miller paired off with Muller.
对那个问题进行表决时，米勒跟马勒相约不参加投票。
paired off:相配
I wonder if you can get me a birthday cake and a basket of flowers.
不知您能否为我做一个生日蛋糕和一个花篮？
wonder:惊奇
I gave good money for that camera, and it turned out to worthless.
我买那架照相机可真花了一大笔钱，结果却不能用。
worthless:毫无价值
I took the position that the law must enforced at all costs.
我主张不惜一切代价按法律办事。
at all costs:无论如何
It is very thoughtless of me, I shall have write you a letter.
我考虑不周，没有给你写封信。
thoughtless:无意
It was very thoughtless of me, I shall have written you a letter.
我考虑不周，没有给你写封信。
thoughtless:无意
If the stale fish was a smelt, then the selfish shellfish smelt a smelt.
如果不新鲜的鱼有气味，那么自私的贝类才有气味。
smelt:散发
It is hard to condemn those who opt out of parenthood.
我们很难指责那些决定不当父母的夫妇。
out of:离开
In the end it was he who showed dignity—together with defiance and an utter lack of remorse.
结果，这反倒凸显了萨达姆的尊严、轻蔑和全然不悔。
lack of remorse:缺乏悔恨
I can tell your gloomy face that the news is bad
从你忧郁的脸上我能看出情况不妙。
gloomy:阴暗
If I were you, I'd try one of the newspaper stands.
你不妨去报摊看看。
try:试
It is less than one kilometer to the village post office.
到村里的邮局不到一公里。
less than:少于
It seems that hip-hop music is ubiquitous these days, from popular radio to TV commercials.
现在，从大众广播到电视广告，嘻哈音乐似乎无所不在。
ubiquitous:到处都有
It is all over with her, after such a long illness.
这一场大病之后，她已离死期不远了。
all over:到处
My father frowns on all but the most conventional of dress.
除最普通的服装外，我父亲都看不顺眼。
frowns: frowns
He was a little overwhelmed by the high rank of the men with whom he collaborated.
跟那么些高官大员日常共事，他有点受不了啦。
overwhelmed:被压倒
In less than ten years it develops from a seed to a full - grown tree.
不到十年，它从一个小种子长成一棵大树。
less than:少于
In less than ten years, this plant has developed from a seed full - grown tree.
不到十年，这植物已经由一颗种子长成发育完成的树了。
less than:少于
Feature: Full automatic control, easy operation, small size and high efficiency.
特点: 全自动控制，操作简单，体制小，不占空间，生产效率高。
small size:小尺寸
Thespeaker rolled off many complicated words and the listerers were confused.
这位演讲者滔滔不绝地说了许多复杂的词，把听众们都搞糊涂了。
rolled off:滚开
The days are over when the colonialists could lord it over the people.
殖民主义者在人民头上逞威风的日子已一去不复返了。
are over:已经结束
If doctors fail thee, be these three thy doctors; rest, cheerful - ness, and moderate diet.
如果医药不能帮助，那麽注意三件事∶休息，愉快，饮食调和。
fail:失败
Color separation depends on accurate calculation of how much CMYK to RGB close to scan.
不合色取决于不小略筹算必给众少CMYK才能挨近RGB扫描。
Color separation:色彩分离
The cheesecake is very good. Would you like to try it?
干酪饼很不错，尝一尝吗?
good:好的
The room rates at this motel range from $30 to $50 per day.
这个汽车旅馆的房价每天从30美元到50美元不等。
range:范围
In the recent years, TCM a fast development with a speed higher than the chemical drugs.
近年来，中药工业发展迅猛，大有不让西药之势。
higher than:高于
In order to help Haihua Comany break away from theand go to the high - speed development road.
希望以此能够帮助海华公司摆脱目前的不良境况，走上良性发展道路。
theand:泰安德
Tie one end of the rope to the tree and leave the other end free.
将绳子的一端系在树上，另一端不系。
leave:离开
But still he wailed, and kicked with his legs, and refused to be comforted.
但他仍在恸哭，他的腿乱踢乱蹦，不肯安静下来。
refused:拒绝
We go the slow, careful route, Tanan and his agents do the direct, dangerous stuff.
我们不慌不忙、谨慎地工作，泰纳恩和他的特工们则直接从事危险工作。
slow:慢
There are plenty of toys to amuse the children with while we're out.
我们不在家时，有足够的玩具供孩子们取乐。
out:出去
Gateshead and the Reed family seemed a away. I was yet used to school life.
盖茨赫德和里德一家似乎那么遥远，我还不习惯学校的生活。
yet used to:以前的习惯
Thermal stability of GB was greater than that of the derivative.
GB对热稳定，而该衍生物对热相对不稳定。
greater than:比
If the hands touch the surface of Ao Tugan products, rugged naked eye.
如果用手触摸，制品表面有凹凸感，肉眼观察高低不平。
rugged:粗糙
The pigeons are so tame they will sit on your shoulder.
这些鸽子不怕人能落在人的肩膀上。
tame:驯服
Her loyalty to the firm compensates for her lack of talent.
对公司的忠诚弥补了她天资不高的缺陷。
lack of:缺乏
After she retired as a dancer she became a famous choreographer.
她从退休不当舞者之后就成为一位很有名的编舞家。
retired:退休
At the least the absence of buffer zones compromises power and efficiency.
至少，缓冲区的缺失将不利于运动员的功力生成和动作效率。
compromise:妥协
I accidentally tipped a bottle of cider over the computer and it broke.
我不警惕把一杯苹果汁洒在电脑上，电脑就坏了。
accidentally:偶然
I could hardly see her through the haze of cigarette smoke.
在香烟的烟雾弥漫中，我简直看不见她。
hardly see:难看
Eventually, she conceives a child, but it is with the wrong man.
最后，她怀了一个孩子，但他来自于一个不对的男人。
wrong:错误
Do you have to be depressed to write a sad song?
你心情不好才能写出悲伤的歌吗?
sad:悲伤
They were supported, perhaps, by the poorer class with a grievance.
他们也许受到心怀不满的贫民阶级的拥护。
grievance:投诉
He reflected, "What's the matter with me today? Seems like I've got an awful grouch."
他暗暗寻思: “我今天怎么啦? 仿佛情绪不对头. ”
awful:可怕
Many parents concern themselves with their children's achievements and physical conditions, regardless of their moral health.
许多家长只关注孩子的学业和身体，而对孩子的精神健康漠不关心。
regardless:不管怎样
The key step was a substrate controlled asymmetric heteroatom conjugated addition.
关键反应为底物控制的不对称杂原子共轭加成反应。
asymmetric:不对称
This layer of sand clay pressed upon the layer beneath and prevented the contact with air.
这层泥沙压在植物层之上，使它不能与空气接触。
prevented:防止
Factory has a professional design team, designers carefully creation, product constantly updated.
工厂拥有一支专业设计队伍，设计师精心创作，对产品不断更新。
constantly:不断
Jon kept his face a mask. "As you say, my lady."
琼恩克制着不露声色. “如你所言，夫人. ”
kept his face a mask:用面具遮住他的脸
The Contrariant Approach I believe the stock market is still very good.
买反策略我认为股票市场仍相当不错。
good:好的
When the artificial flowers are contrasted with natural ones, you can hardly tell the difference.
当人造花和自然花对比时，你几乎不能辨出真假。
hardly:几乎没有
This scandal will reflect badly on the Party as a whole.
这件丑闻可以说明这个党在整体上不健康。
badly:很糟糕
She was a bit queasy at her first appearance on the stage.
她初次登台感到有点不安。
queasy:令人厌烦
The first half - hour's rental is free and the charges are reasonable after that.
前半小时不收租金，之后的收费也比较合理。
free:免费
Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last.
在男人忘掉了最后的一吻之后，女人还念念不忘第一吻。
remember:记住
B: I guess first come first serve is a great idea.
我认为“谁先到，先服务谁”其实不错。
great:伟大的
Real jade is always cool to the touch and will resist any scratch with metal.
真玉摸上去总有凉润之感，而且不怕金属刮擦，刮后也不留痕迹。
resist:抵制
She feels like a fish out of water among the celebrities.
在那些达官贵人中，她感到十分不自在。
a fish out of water:鱼出水
The German boss said: "It is true you physically. you responsible for coolies."
老板对德国人说: [你体格不错. 你负责苦力。
true you physically:你的肉体是真实的
With the children away at school, the house was strangely quiet.
孩子们上学不在家，房子出奇地安静。
away:离开
I quit. I took my pay - a dollar and five cents - and went home.
我干不了，拿了一块另五分钱，我回了家。
quit:退出
Fields of corn spread out as far as the eye could see.
玉米地延伸到看不到边的地方。
as far as the eye could see:只要眼睛能看见
He is so useless as to be hardly worth his salt.
他如此无用，几乎配不上他所领的薪水。
hardly worth:几乎没有价值
They believe that iron offers less resistance to fire and harsh weather than traditional materials.
他们认为铁在抵抗火和严酷天气方面不如传统材料。
less than:少于
Hermione Granger: Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one.
赫敏·兰杰: 有没有人看到一只蟾蜍? 纳威的蟾蜍不见了。
lost:失去
When the golden fish icon turned to gray, let out a long sigh subconsciously.
当金色小鱼的图标变成灰色，我不禁长长叹了口气。
let out:放开
He looked at me anxiously, as if he hoped I'd corroborate this.
他神色不安地看着我，仿佛他希望我证实地的话。
anxiously:焦急地
I could hardly see her through a blue haze of smoke.
一股蓝色的烟雾使我几乎看不见她。
hardly see:难看
I could hardly see her through the haze of cigaret smoke.
在香烟的烟雾弥漫中，我简直看不见她。
hardly see:难看
Features Halogen - free, suitable for highly efficient laser via formation for HDI.
特性不含卤素，适合HDI的高效率激光钻孔。
free:免费
Due to carelessness, his head hit the doorframe with a loud bang.
他不小心把头撞到了门框上，一声钝响。
carelessness:粗心
A woman can keep one secret --- the secret of her age.
创新句子:我不愿意告诉你我已经30了。
keep one secret:保持一个秘密
His left signal light came on. In a moment he'd be gone.
他的左车灯亮了，在一瞬间他就从此一去不复返了。
be gone:离开
Of coure, should the second option come to pass, it would be a precarious peace.
当然，如果第二种情况发生了，这种和平并不稳定。
precarious:不稳定
You will miss smiles, brief conversations, and small courtesies with strangers.
你看不到对陌生人的笑容，简短的谈话和简单的客套。
miss:错过
The study appears as the cover story of the current issue of Obesity.
本研究揭示了当前肥胖问题不为人知的一面。
cover story:封面故事
His steamer had been held back two days by rough weather.
因为天气不好，他乘坐的那艘船在途中耽搁了两天。
rough:粗糙
The boat seemed very slow to answer to any movement of the helm.
这只船似乎对舵的转动的反应很不灵敏。
slow:慢
The candidates for the post are good, but Mr Smith is the cream of the crop.
这一职位的候选人都不错，史密斯先生尤为其中的佼佼者。
good:好的
Payment will be made by a 100% confirmed, irrevocable Letter of Credit, available by sight draft.
付款方式为100%即期，保兑，不可撤消信用证。
irrevocable:不可撤销
The children were as good as gold while you were out.
你不在时孩子都乖极了。
out:出去
Yet some of the hookah - smokers were reluctant to criticise the killers.
然而这些吸水烟的人并不愿意去谴责这些杀人凶手。
reluctant:不情愿
He poses the question that most Americans prefer to gloss over: is California governable?
他提出了一个大多数美国人不愿正视的问题: 加州能治理好吗?
prefer to gloss over:更倾向于夸张
With all the new work that comes up, the general cry is that they are short of hands.
由于有了新的工作，大家都嚷着人手不够。
short of:短于
What he did would reflect seriously upon his future, they said.
他们说，他干的事对他前途极为不利。
seriously:很认真
Parents should stand aside and let them do if they can do it themselves.
当孩子能自己做的时候父母应什么都不干让他们自己做。
stand aside:站在一边
Mary and her husband clash over the question where they should live.
对于在何处定居的问题，玛丽和丈夫意见不一。
clash:冲突
High - quality products, superior service, we all pay a tireless, only to let you satisfaction.
优质的产品，卓越的服务，我们所有不懈的付出，只为让你更满意。
tireless:不耐烦
They have set menu at reasonable price, would like to see?
他们有套餐价格不错，想看看吗?
reasonable:合理
The furious obscure curver is curious to secure the curly - curved mercury curiosity.
盛怒的不出名医治者渴望弄到这种带卷曲曲线的水银珍品。
obscure:暗淡
Shaken, the man pulled over at the farmhouse, rang the door bell.
惶恐不安的他在农舍边停了下来，按了门铃。
Shaken:震动
Joan: Well, they both have an up and a down side.
琼: 嗯他们都有好的和不好的一面。
down:倒下
In the gymnastic contest, the two teams abreast with each other.
在体操比赛中，两支队伍并驾齐驱，不分先后。
abreast:例如:
In the gymnastic contest, the two teams kept abreast with each other.
在体操比赛中，两支队伍并驾齐驱，不分先后。
abreast:例如:
Architects and developers of data - oriented applications have struggled with the to achieve two very different objectives.
软件架构师和基于数据应用程序的开发人员经常很辛苦地去实现两个非常不一致的目的。
different:不同
Suddenly her tears stopped short as a deadly fear went through her heart.
这时她突然不流泪了，一种死一般的恐惧笼罩着她的心。
tears stopped:眼泪停止了
She could hardly recognize her son through the mist of tears that filled her eyes.
她泪眼蒙蒙，几乎不能认出自己的儿子。
hardly:几乎没有
This hill is too steep to ride up on a bicycle.
这山太陡了，骑自行车可上不去。
too steep to ride up:太陡了,不能骑上
She was swallowed up by the crowd and we lost sight of her.
她淹没在人群之中，我们看不到她了。
lost sight of her:失去她的眼睛
There are many bad customs and laws that ought to be abolished.
有许多不良的习俗和法规应予以废除。
bad:坏
They must have switched ——otherwise would have we caught up with them up long ago.
他们肯定改变路线了——不然我们早就赶上他们了。
otherwise:否则
When I get frustrated and angry, I have to vent my spleen on someone.
我受尽挫折，怒火冲天时，禁不住想找谁发一顿脾气。
have to:必须
On the anniversary the versatile poet wrote an adverse verse Virtue versus Evil.
在周年纪念日上，多用途诗人写信告诉不利的句美德对邪恶。
adverse:不利
The man beyond the bond is fond of the second wonderful diamond.
那位不受约束的人喜欢第二颗奇异的钻石。
beyond:超越
The conductor is reluctant to reduce the conductivity of the semiconductor.
导演不情愿降低半导体的导电率。
reluctant:不情愿
A title is entitled to the retired worker who repaired the entire tire tirelessly.
那个不倦地修理了整个轮胎的退休工人被授予了一个头衔。
tirelessly:不倦地
The sailor was nailed on the rail for he failed to trail the mail.
海员在因为他不能痕迹邮件的横栏上钉。
failed:失败
While Kanji has a history of 3500 years, Kana and used for less than 1000 years.
日本汉字有3500年的历史，而假名的使用则不到1000年的时间。
less than:少于
By then, Henry seemed less compliant with his wife's wishes than he had six months before.
与六个月以前相比，亨利当时对他妻子的意愿似乎已不那么百依百顺了。
less:少
Their apples travel well but our peaches are too tender to travel far.
他们的苹果在运输中不易损坏，而我们的桃子太嫩，不易运到远处去。
too tender to travel:太柔和了,不能旅行
Frank kept a straight face when Kate made a ridiculous mistake.
当凯德犯了可笑的错误时，富兰克忍住不笑出来。
kept a straight face:保持直面
These rough roads soon wore the tread of motorcycle tires off.
这些崎岖不平的路很快就把摩托车轮胎磨平了。
rough:粗糙
It was a quick kayo, and Wilbur was the new champ.
威尔伯猝不及防的一击，使他成为新拳击冠军。
quick:快速
It could also borrow from the Treasury, or, less likely, from banks.
FDIC也可以向财政部借款，甚至向银行借款(虽然可能性不大)。
less likely:不太可能
I feel keenly that my ability falls short of my wishes.
我深感力不从心。
falls short of my wishes:不满足我的愿望
I managed to stick to the diet and keep off sweet foods.
我努力做到了只吃规定饮食，不沾甜食。
keep off:继续
What you should have done was keep out of the visitors'way.
来了参观的人，还不躲开。
keep out of:远离
He is a bit let down by the low grade he got.
这次成绩不好，他有点气馁。
let down:令人失望
P 0.0001, which was a higher odds ratio than all other factors associated with outcome.
P0.0001)的不良后果发生率，比所有其他与预后相关因素的比值比都高。
odds: odds
Kerrigan: I can hardly believe this! You've killed your own matriarch!
我真不敢相信! 你杀了你的领导者!
hardly:几乎没有
The doses used for surgical anaesthesia vary between 2 and 10 mg / kg.
外科手术麻醉药的用量从每公斤2毫克到10毫克不等。
vary:变
The doses used for surgical anesthesia vary between 2 and 10mg/kg.
外科手术麻醉药的用量从每公斤2 毫克到10 毫克不等。
vary:变
You're on the wrong side Of the street, fat cat. Beat it!
你不该来街的这边的，肥猫! 小心我揍你!
wrong:错误
When their teacher was absent and they had a substitute, the children kicked over the traces.
当他们的老师不在，来了一位代课教师时，孩子们都不听话了。
absent:缺席
Was there tension between the white kids and the black kids?
白人孩子和黑人孩子之间发生不愉快了 么 ?
tension:紧张
Technically, both players are on a level, ie of the same standard.
双方运动员在技术方面不相上下。
on a level:在一个层次上
Older workers can be as adaptable and quick to learn as anyone else.
较年长的工人的适应能力和学习速度有时并不亚于其他任何人。
as:如
For them, the present system means joyless drudgery, semistarvation, rags and premature death.
现在这个制度对他们意味着痛苦的劳役，半饥半饱，衣不蔽体的生活，短命和夭折。
rags:麻布
Cleared eventually, can the mood as before depressed! Why am I joyless?
终于放晴了，可以心情依旧阴郁! 为什么我不快乐?
joyless:不快乐
Miss Abbot turned to divest a stout leg of the necessary ligature.
艾博特小姐转而从她粗壮的腿上，解下那条必不可少的带子。
necessary:必要
There are many bad customs and laws that ought to be abolished.
许多不好的习俗和法律应当予以废止。
bad:坏
After the abstraction of the juice from the orange, only a tasteless pulp was left.
橙子里的汁去掉后，只剩下不可口的肉了。
tasteless:无味
There is still a widespread acceptance that the elderly have much to contribute.
仍然有很多人相信，老年人有不少贡献可做。
much:很多
The truth of his conjecture was confirmed by the newspaper report.
新闻报道证明了他的推测果然不假。
confirmed:确认
From the chiffonier had gone the knick-knacks of silver and plate.
五斗橱上，不见了那些银制的和金属品做的小玩意儿。
had gone:已经走了
He has been variously described as a hero, a genius and a bully.
他被描述为英雄、天才、恶霸，不一而足。
variously:以不同的方式
Better work as hard as an ant than lead a parasitic life as a sparrow.
宁做蚂蚁腿，不做麻雀嘴。
than:比
Usually my wife watches over me, and puts all knives out of my reach.
通常我的妻子看着我，把所有的刀都放在我够不着的地方。
out of my reach:我无法触及
As an additional detail add this picture of a nice balloon.
作为一项额外详细购买这张图片的一个不错的气球。
nice:很好
As late as the 1950 s tuberculosis was still a threat.
直到二十世纪五十年代，结核病仍然使人不寒而栗。
a threat:威胁
In tubers from such potatoes stem mottle symptoms are rarely observed.
由这类马玲薯产生的块茎中茎斑驳症状不易观察到。
rarely:很少
METHODS 124 cases reports of Adverse Drug Reaction (ADR) were analyzed.
方法对124例药品不良反应 (ADR) 报告进行分析。
Adverse:恶性
We have been advised that the roads are too icy for the trip.
有人告诉我们公路上已结满了冰，不宜旅行。
too icy for the trip:这次旅行太冰了
Bad reaction were from mild to moderate, but it related to the dosage of AEDS.
不良反应轻至中度，但与合作AEDS的多少有关。
Bad:坏
The adverse responses were from mild to moderate, but it related to the dosage of AEDs.
不良反应轻至中度，但与合用AEDs的多少有关。
adverse:不利
You seem to have cropped up badly on page 11, your acts are wrong.
看来你在第11页上出了严重错误，你所提供的情况不对。
wrong:错误
When he came, he was silent and moody, and after a few sarcastic remarks he went away.
他来时默默无言，郁郁不乐，冷嘲热讽一通之后就走了。
moody:心情不好
Lea was afraid to stay alone at the house with the treasure.
莉亚不敢一个人呆在放财宝的那间屋子里。
afraid:害怕
A person who does a regrettable action is often regretful afterwards.
行为不检点的人，日后往往懊悔。
regrettable:令人遗憾的
Pyjamas made from flammable material have been removed from most shops.
大部分商店都不再出售用易燃材料做的睡衣了。
from:从
Clemenza said dryly, " The Turk has heard about his spy Paulie Gatto. "
克莱门扎不动声色他说:“那个‘土耳其人’显然已经知道了他的奸细鲍里-嘎吐的下场了.”
dryly:干旱
The President recently turned deaf ears on an S . O . S . plea from a group of G . O . P . ers.
总统最近对一群共和党人求助的请求不予理睬。
turned deaf ears on:打开了聋人的耳朵
I have spent a lot of money,I have very little left.
我花掉大部分的钱，剩下的钱已不多了。
little:很小
My mother wore a troubled look when she heard of my father's illness.
我母亲听到父亲生病的消息，立刻神色焦虑不安。
illness:疾病
Above the first floor was an irrational collection of towers, turrets and attics.
二楼上面修建了不合格局的塔楼、角楼和阁楼。
irrational:不理性
The children turned the whole house topsy-turvy when their mother went out.
当母亲不在家时，孩子们把屋里都翻遍了。
out:出去
In order to save labour, the project has used a lot of pulleys.
为省力，这项工程用了不少滑车。
a lot of:很多
Hard work can often make up for a lack of ability.
努力工作经常可以弥补能力的不足。
a lack of:缺乏
Her own mistakes made her very tolerant of / towards (the faults of) others.
她因自己有错误，对别人 (的错误) 就概不计较了。
very tolerant:非常宽容
She resented the proprietorial way he used her car for trips about town.
他把她的汽车当成自己的车在城里开着到处跑，她对此十分不满。
resented:厌恶
I had to put my hand on the ladder to steady it.
我只好扶住梯子，使它不晃。
steady:稳定
In cities he refused to travel a rickshaw a two-wheeled cart pulled a bare-footed man.
在城市里旅行的时候，他也不坐那种由赤脚的车夫拉的双轮人力车。
refused to travel:拒绝旅行
The house is shaded from the midday heat by those tall trees.
那些大树遮挡了这所房子，使它不受中午太阳的暴晒。
is shaded from the midday heat:由于午夜的炎热而被遮蔽
I picked out a tree a little way ahead to measure our progress towards Kurtz.
我选定前面不远的一棵大树作标记，测定我们向库尔茨又前进了多少距离。
a little way:有点儿
The transformers they produce vary from the 10 kva to the 20000 kva models.
他们生产的变压器由10至20000千伏安大小不等。
vary:变
The absence of all the familiar landmarks drew me up sharp.
熟悉的标记不见了.我只好停下来思索一下。
absence:缺席
The figure moved across to Chen Yueh-ngo 's but and stopped.
那人影到了 陈月娥 草棚前也就不动了。
stopped:停止
They spread a lot of tacky gossip about his love life.
关于他的爱情生活，他们散播了许多不堪的闲言闲语。
tacky:不耐烦
This company was acquired by a large enterprise because of its poor performance.
这个企业因为效益不好，被一家大企业并转。
poor:穷人
Even a good player, who out of form, can play worse than an average one form.
一个不在状态的好球员的表现甚至不如一个状态不错的一般球员。
out of form:变形
A weathercock and an artful person, he spoke a lot of beautiful words to please people.
他这个人，见风使舵，八面玲珑，说了不少使大家高兴的话。
a lot of:很多
This false friend began his tale with many artful speeches to the duke.
这个不讲信义的朋友先对公爵油嘴滑舌地说了一大套。
false:假
I want to stay up tonight and watch the late show.
今晚我不想睡觉，等着看深夜电视节目。
want to stay up:想保持清醒
Despite the attacks we held on to the bridge for three days.
我们不顾一次次的进攻，已坚守这座桥3天了。
Despite:尽管如此
He showed his concern for his sick mother by his many little attentions.
他对病中的母亲表现了无微不至的关心。
many little attentions:许多小注意
They can each attest to my hard work ethic and persistence.
他们每一个人都可以证明我有勤劳的职业道德，而且坚毅不拔。
persistence:坚持
They decided to wage a war of attrition rather than to rely on an all-out attack.
他们决定打一场消耗战，而不搞全线出击。
rather than:而不是
He sawed away at the thick branch till at last it was cut through.
他不停地锯那根粗壮的树枝，终于把它锯断了。
till at last:直到最后
Thursday is rather awkward for me. Could we meet on Tuesday?
星期四我不太方便，我们星期二碰头，行吗？
rather awkward:相当尴尬
Leach was a good and agreeable fellow, and did his work all right.
里奇这人不错，惹人喜爱，办事周到。
good:好的
The mood good Karner Warro has also opened wide the door leaf to the media.
心情不错的卡纳瓦罗也对媒体敞开了心扉。
good:好的
The obvious reason was that which Miss Ley was least likely to credit.
莱伊小姐对这种明显的理由一点儿也不愿相信。
least likely to credit:最有可能获得信用
If he happens to be out, you may leave word with his secretary.
如果他刚好不在，你可以留话给他的秘书。
out:出去
You have my leave to stay away from the office tomorrow.
我允许你明天不来上班。
stay away from the office:远离办公室
Mary a French leave and left me a Dear John letter.
玛丽不告而别，只留给我一封分手信。
leave:离开
Annual salaries from this year's respondents range from $15, 000 to $270, 000.
今年的调查问卷显示年薪水平为$15，000到$270，000不等。
不等:不等
You're out of luck. Thespys dress up last bus left half an hour ago.
你运气不好. 末班车半小时前就开走了。
out of luck:出于运气
The Oasis was off the glamorous strip, far removed from the more famous hote ls.
绿洲旅馆并不在繁华的闹市区，它离那些更有名气的旅馆很远。
far removed from:远处
The legionaries, on their victorious return, refused any longer to obey the consuls.
军团士兵在凯旋归国时，不肯服从执政官的命令。
refused:拒绝
Therefore, it is very urgent to legislate for the right of privacy.
因此，为隐私权立法刻不容缓。
very urgent:非常紧急
Less benefit is achieved on this vehicle by use of the accelerometer.
在这个飞行器上使用加速度计带来的好处不大。
Less benefit:低收益
Their fate is doomed, it is better to come to a fait accompli tactic.
与其命运注定，不如来个先斩后奏。
it is better:那更好了
The accused got off / escaped scot-free because of lack of evidence.
由于证据不足，被告未受惩罚。
lack of:缺乏
Even nicest bed made by a carpenter was less that what an ideal bed could be.
即使一个木匠做出了最舒适的床，这张床也比不上理想中的那张床。
less:少
Jack London Californian, has even more energy and rather less sophistication.
杰克、伦敦、加利福尼亚的精力更加充沛，但不通达人情世故。
rather less sophistication:较少的复杂性
The Easy (Less Accurate) Way to Calculate Your Nightly Sleep Needs.
计算每晚睡眠需求的简单 (可不那么准) 的方法。
Less Accurate:不太准确
The __ more you talked, the __ less attention he would pay to you.
你说的越多，他越不注意听你讲。
less attention:少注意
The Daniel Cell was somewhat safer and less corrosive then the Volta cell.
细胞的丹尼尔有点不太安全和腐蚀性然后沃尔特细胞。
somewhat:有点儿
Tahiti is also much less crowded compared to other popular dive sites.
相较于其他热闹的潜水地，大溪地也较不拥挤。
much less crowded:更少拥挤
Ella was always reluctant to drag herself out of Julia's house.
埃拉不愿走出朱丽娅的房子。
reluctant:不情愿
Awesome ! I for one welcome our new overlords ---- AcoRS.
哦，不错，欢迎我们的新霸主。
Awesome:太棒了
We are faced with a less dramatic but also less foreseen problem.
我们也将面对一个没有什么戏剧性和更不可预测的问题。
less foreseen:不太预料的
The more virtuous any man is, the less easily does he suspect others to be vicious.
任何人越高尚，就越不容易疑心别人邪恶。
less easily:不太容易
It is better to go about the work separately, as collaboration would make us less efficient.
这事儿最好分头协作，搭班干反而效率不高。
less efficient:低效率
When my old friend Brian urged me to accept a cigarette, it was more than I could bear.
当老朋友布赖恩怂恿我接受一只香烟时，我就受不住了。
more than I could bear:比我忍受不了的多
In fact, they might be slightly less fit due to a double dose of the gene.
事实上，由于双套基因，它们可能稍微不适应。
less fit:不适宜
Coffee shops offer a variety of light meals and are less formal than most restaurants.
咖啡店供应各种简单的餐食，比大部分餐馆不拘礼仪。
less formal:不太正式
Tom: Okey. oh, what a lovely day it is. let's play hooky today.
汤姆: 号，哦，今天天气不错. 我们今天逃学吧。
lovely:很可爱
Tests for quality and standards for production tend to be less rigorous and controlled.
品质测试和生产的标准化也倾向于不严格和无法控制。
less rigorous:更不严格
I am less safe, the American people are less safe for this.
我感到更不安全，美国人民为此而感到更不安全。
less safe:不安全
He became less and less satisfied with the football team's performance.
他对足球队的表现越来越不满意了。
less satisfied:不满意
The slope of the curve for r > 0.1μ m is less steep.
在r>0.1μm时曲线坡度较平(不太陡)。
less steep:不太陡
The campaign says the average donation for September was less than $100.
奥巴马的竞选班子说，9月份为奥巴马捐款的平均数额不到100美元。
less than:少于
Less than 100 km from Tokyo lies the spectacular Hakone area.
从东京到风景壮丽的箱根不到100公里。
less than:少于
Less than a year later, she had a miscarriage and died.
她出嫁后不到一年，就因小产死了。
less than:少于
Part of his mess kit was spotted less than a mile from the troop's camp.
在距离部队露营地不到一英里的地方发现了他的部分餐具。
less than:少于
In less than an hour Andy's skate had turned to an icy yacht.
不出一小时，安迪的微醺变成了酩酊大醉。
less than:少于
Cards can also be done, or about less than 30 yuan.
办卡还可以，折合一下不到30元。
less than:少于
A few even saw it as evidence that Japan is somehow less than democratic.
少数人士甚至把这作为日本不够民主的证据。
less than:少于
There was also a small ad hoc support group on the Repulican side.
在共和党方面，也有一个不大的特别支援小组。
small:小
Those with a bad diet fared less than half as well.
那些坏饮食的好表现不到一半。
less than:少于
A decade ago it was less than half the world average.
在十年前，中国的该回报还不到世界平均水平的一半。
less than:少于
For users able to accept this metaphor, this provided usable, if less than ideal support.
对于能够认可这种做法的用户，这提供了可用的，但不太完美的支持。
less than ideal:不理想
The term of their contract is for three years, but less than two thirds complete it.
包身契上写明三年期间，能够做满的大概不到三分之二。
less than:少于
The lessor can evict the lessee for failure to pay rent.
出租人可驱逐不付租金的承租人。
failure to pay:未付款
We appreciated Mother more after she got angry and let it all hang out.
母亲发怒，毫不隐瞒她的情绪之后，我们更能了解感谢她。
let it all hang out:让一切顺利
Haig replied wearily: " The President has just fired Cox. "
黑格不耐烦地回答说:“总统刚刚解除了考克斯的职务.”
wearily:疲惫不堪
Better to read little with thought than much with levity and quickness.
读书与其多而草率，不如少而精研。
Better to:最好是
Advocation on federalism from contemporary Taiwan scholar is still lack of practice.
当代台湾学者所提出的运用联邦制来实现海峡两岸统一的主张，仍不具有可行性。
lack of:缺乏
He would rather sacrifice his life than see damage done to state property.
他宁可牺牲自己的生命，也不肯看到国家财产受到损失。
than:比
Lions'manes vary from light blond to black and can be up to a foot long.
狮子的鬃毛颜色从金黄色到黑色不等，而且长度可以达到一英尺。
vary:变
Blue eyes are the most sensitive to light, dark brown the least sensitive.
蓝眼睛对光最敏感，而深褐色眼睛最不敏感。
the least sensitive:最不敏感的
The use of conventional magnets for commercial fusion reactors is ruled out.
商业聚变反应堆上使用常规磁体已不予考虑。
is ruled out:是排除的
This movement may be described by the loose but comprehensive term positivism.
这个运动可以用一个不甚严谨，但容易理解的术语--实证术义--来描述。
the loose:松散的
The handle was turned and Miss Glover came, red-faced with nervousness.
门上的手柄转动了，格洛弗小姐走了进来，她的脸色由于紧张不安而通红。
nervousness:紧张
With a wave of his hand, the magician made the rabbit vanish.
魔术师手一挥兔子便不见了。
vanish:消失
Article 9 The State protects civil air defense facilities from damage.
第九条国家保护人民防空设施不受侵害。
from:从
With difficulty, the gardener lisped out the names of the plants.
园丁含糊不清地说出了这些植物的名称。
With difficulty,:有困难,
She could hardly move any part of her body little by little.
渐渐地她几乎不能移动身体的任何一个部位。
hardly:几乎没有
She'd sooner share a house with other students than live at home with her parents.
她宁可和其他学生合住，也不愿跟父母住在家里。
than:比
The PLA constantly strengthens the development of its logistical equipment and upgrades its logistical support means.
人民解放军不断加强后勤装备建设，提高后勤保障手段的现代化水平。
constantly:不断
The stranger's question surprised me so that I temporarily lost my tongue.
那陌生人的询问使我大吃一惊，一时之间连话都说不出来了。
lost my tongue:我失去了舌头
She diligently kept up her silent comfort throughout that long, difficult day.
在那漫长而痛苦难熬的一天里，霍莉不知疲倦地给人以无声的慰籍。
diligently:勤奋地
The querulous old man refused to be put on the shelf.
那个爱抱怨的老人不肯让人撇在一边。
refused:拒绝
She stood glued to the radio, heedless of the ordered bustle about her.
她站在那里一动不动地听收音机，毫不注意周围有秩序的忙碌。
stood glued:悬挂着
The days when the White could lord it over the Negroes are past and gone.
白人对黑人称王称霸的日子一去不复返了。
past and gone:过去和逝去
The teacher has lost control of the class;he will have to be replaced.
这个老师已控制不住该班，他将被撤换掉。
lost control:失去控制
The child must go and see a doctor, he has lost his colour lately.
这孩子必须去看医生，他近来气色不佳。
lost his colour:失去颜色
He soon lost track of how much money he had spent.
他很快就记不清自己花了多少钱。
lost track:失轨
The typhoon has brought great losses to the nearby mulberry planters.
这次台风给附近的桑农带来了不小的损失。
great losses:巨大的损失
At that moment, she resigned the last vestiges of her dignity.
她不想回复任何电子邮件。
resigned:辞职
The doctor ordered the patient to keep off all solid food for at least twenty-four hours.
医生吩咐病人至少数24小时内不吃一切固体食物。
keep off all solid food:不吃任何固体食物
My mom made us an all-vegetable meal because my sister is a vegetarian.
我妈妈给我们做了一顿全素的饭菜，因为我妹妹不吃肉。
a vegetarian:素食者
Although she can hardly hear, her voice is loud and clear.
虽然她几乎听不见，但她的声音洪亮又清晰。
hardly hear:难听
Mrs. Warner is already 96 and too frail to live by herself.
华纳太太已经九十六岁了，身体虚弱，不便独居。
too frail to live:生命太脆弱了
The man stared fixedly at the polished skull which directed the affairs of Crosbie and Alleyne.
那汉子目不转睛地瞪着这颗亮晶晶的秃头，它主宰着克罗思比和艾莱恩事务所呢。
stared fixedly:凝视着
He railed at the world for its neglect of his genius.
他怨世人不能赏识他的才华。
neglect:忽略
The capture of the village did little to our low morale.
村庄的失守对我们低落的士气影响不大。
did little:做不到什么
The day when you see me old and I am already weak.
哪天当你看到我日渐老去，身体也渐渐不行。
I am already weak:我已经软弱了
Trans fat has become the new fall guy for bad nutrition.
反义脂肪已经成为了不健康营养的替罪羔羊。
bad nutrition:营养不良
Poor teeth mean poor digestion and poor digestion means poor nutrition.
牙齿不好就意味着消化不好，而消化不好就意味着营养吸收不好。
poor:穷人
The mean man turns his back on his old friends as soon as he is successful.
那个自私的人一旦成功就不理睬他的老朋友了。
turns his back on:打开背部
I went to college. Meanwhile, all my friends got well-paid jobs.
我上大学去了，那时，我的朋友都找到了收入不错的工作。
well-paid:高薪
Beautiful of all of lubricious fragrance of Zhao collect strawberry, this word bit truly.
赵屯草莓色香味俱佳，这句话一点不假。
bit truly:很真实
We can build a 1-million-channel radio receiver for less than $1 million.
我们能用不到一百万美元建造一个一百万个频道的接收器。
less than:少于
Voice mail records messages when you are out of the office.
当你不在办公室的时候，电话留言机可以录下信息。
out of the office:离开办公室
We could hear the constant zoom of the cars on the highway.
我们能听到公路上汽车不断发出的嗡嗡声。
constant:常数
You doubt the fact that the Meiji Emperor told this story to the Taisho Emperor?
你不相信明治天皇把这个故事告诉了大正天皇?
doubt:怀疑
Habits: Loves the New York Post and People. Hates E-mail, computers, memos.
习惯: 喜欢《纽约邮政》和《人民》报刊，不喜欢邮件、计算机和备忘录。
Hates:憎恨
Yellow pigment coverage is poor, magenta and cyan pigments for coverage.
黄色颜料的覆盖率不对，品赤和青色颜料的覆盖率好。
poor:穷人
Well, waht if when your heart drifts away my heart drifts away too?
那你心不在我这的时候，我心也不在你这，行 吗 ?
heart drifts away:心向外漂流
When she is off duty, she often carries water and washes clothes for that old man.
在她不上班的日子里，她常常替那位老人提水、洗衣服。
off duty:离职
We endeavour to avoid the old, romantic idea of a gusher, which wastes oil and gas.
我们力图避免那种有关喷油井的陈旧的，不切实际的计划，这种计划浪费油和天然气。
romantic:浪漫
For 10 years Watanabe visited Masuko once a week at the home Masuko refused to leave.
十年来，渡边武每周对康隆雅子进行一次家访，而康隆雅子却不肯离开自己的家门。
refused:拒绝
The stones had been worn smooth by the constant flow of water.
这些石头经流水不断冲刷，已经很光滑了。
constant:常数
From his weird behaviour, he seems a bit of an oddity.
从他不寻常的行为看来，他好像有点怪。
weird:奇怪
Anke reluctant to go to the board when the meat, let Rail boss casually slaughter!
俺可不愿去当案板上的肉，让铁老大随便宰!
reluctant:不情愿
More than half of all sharks are smaller than 1 metre long.
以此类方式捕获的鲨鱼大半都还不到一米长。
smaller than:比
Various malpractices by police officers were brought to light by the enquiry.
警察的各种不法行为经调查已揭露出来。
malpractices:不当行为
I am worse at physical than John, but better at history.
我物理成绩不及约翰，但历史成绩却比他好。
worse:更糟
He made manful efforts to move the heavy furniture, but failed.
他花了极大的力气想搬移那个沉重的家具，但力不从心。
failed:失败
I have my own small collection of antiquarian books and first editions my self " . "
我也收集了不少古书和 初版 书。
small:小
You have to push on the handle to turn it — it's very stiff.
手柄很不灵活，你必须用力推才能转动它。
very stiff:非常僵硬
All dairy products were banned as well as beans, rice and alcohol.
所有奶制品，豆类，大米和酒精不包括在内。
were banne:被禁止
Flea market I was lucky when I went to flea market today.
我今天去跳蚤市场，运气还真不错。
lucky:幸运
She'd rather dance with her girl friends than be a wallflower.
她宁愿和女友共舞，而不愿当壁花。
than:比
Because the way home is more devious, marriageable woman feels the situation is bad.
由于回家的路比较偏僻，妙龄女子深感情况不妙。
bad:坏
These papillomas may be soft, small, and difficult to palpate beneath the areola or the nipple.
这些乳头状瘤较小，质软，不易摸认，位于乳晕或乳头之下方。
difficult:很困难
I had always been bothered by the passivity of the ghetto.
黑人区的消极顺从向来使我不安。
been bothered:被打扰
The plan was a washout after all, and cost us a lot of money.
这项计划最终完全失败，让我们赔了不少钱。
a lot of:很多
The evidence for a widespread RNA-based regulatory system is strong, albeIt'still patchy.
以RNA为基础的调节系统广泛存在的证据虽然不完备，但却相当有力。
patchy:乱七八糟
They had built a watchtower to protect the village from robber.
他们建了一个守望台保护村庄不受强盗入侵。
from:从
Their staff restaurant serves nice meals with a lot of variety.
他们单位饭堂的伙食还不错，饭菜品种挺多的。
nice:很好
On Wednesday night I had a very vivid dream which really upset me.
周三晚上，我做了个十分逼真的梦，让我很不安。
upset:沮丧
Put the bottle of weed-killer out of the reach of children.
把那瓶除草剂放在孩子们拿不到的地方。
out of the reach:无法触及
Attached to the medical services, I see little of war's glory, and most of war's waste.
在医疗队里，我看不到战争的光荣，只看到战争的破坏。
see little:略看
I went to college. Meanwhile, all my friends got well-paid jobs.
我上大学去了. 那时我的朋友全都找到了收入不错的工作。
well-paid:高薪
He kept me well supplied with cups of coffee while I wrote the report.
我写报告时，他一直不停地给我一杯杯续咖啡。
kept:保留
His head is out of proportion to the size of his body.
他的头部与身体大小不成比例。
out of proportion:不合比例
The grocery is closed up for the night; we'll have to come back tomorrow.
杂货店晚上不营业，我们只好明天再来。
is closed up:是关闭的
With the slightest perceptible nuance he opened the way for bribery.
他以最不易察觉的手段试图进行贿赂。
slightest perceptible:最轻微的感知
In advanced stages the opaque corneas may ulcerate and even perforate.
在疾病后期，不透明的角膜可能产生溃疡，甚至穿孔。
opaque:不透明
A great many more periodically starve; many actually die of want.
还有很多人经常没有东西吃; 不少人实际上死于贫困。
A great many:许多人
In those days, boxers fought with bare fists for prize money.
当时，拳击手们不戴手套，为争夺奖金而搏斗。
bare fists:裸拳
They have to deduce what they can from the few scanty clues available.
他们必须根据现有的不充分的线索进行推理。
the few scanty:少数稀薄的
She was swallowed up by the crowd and we lost sight of her.
她淹没在人群之中，我们看不到她了。
lost sight of her:失去她的眼睛
If doctors fail thee, be these three thy doctors; rest, cheerful-ness, and moderate diet.
如果医药不能帮助，那么注意三件事∶休息，愉快，饮食调和。
fail:失败
The man beyond the bond is fond of the second wonderful diamond.
那位不受约束的人喜欢第二颗奇异的钻石。
beyond:超越
At the neck of the wrecked deck, the reckoner checked the opaque cheque.
在遭破坏的甲板的颈部，计算者检查了这张不透明支票。
opaque:不透明
The conductor is reluctant to reduce the conductivity of the semiconductor.
导演不情愿降低半导体的导电率。
reluctant:不情愿
A title is entitled to the retired worker who repaired the entire tire tirelessly.
那个不倦地修理了整个轮胎的退休工人被授予了一个头衔。
tirelessly:不倦地
At the station the statesman hesitates to state the status of the statue.
在车站政治家不愿陈述雕像的状况。
hesitates:犹豫
You can ill afford to criticize others when you behave so badly yourself.
本身行为不正，则不宜批评别人。
ill:病
A chewy cookie made with sugar, egg whites, and almond paste or coconut.
一种不易咬碎的饼干，用糖、蛋白、杏仁糊或可可粉做成。
chewy:栗色
Seems far from content; a test of strength that was far from a failure.
一点也不满意；绝对谈不到失败的力量考核。
far from content:远于内容
I'll be tied up the rest of the week, I am afraid.
这个星期我恐怕都抽不出时间。
be tied up:被捆绑
Who will care for the house while the family is away?
全家人都不在时，由谁照料这间房子呢？
away:离开
A chewy cookie made with sugar, egg whites, and almond paste or coconut.
蛋白杏仁甜饼干一种不易咬碎的饼干，用糖、蛋白、杏仁糊或可可粉做成
chewy:栗色
There seems to be a contradiction between her words and actions.
她的言行似乎不一致。
a contradiction:矛盾
Prices tended to rise year by year, but at a modest rate.
物价年年上涨，但幅度不大。
at a modest rate:以温和的速度
I paid only 3000 for this used car but it's worth a lot more.
我只花了3000英镑就买下了这辆旧汽车，其价值远不止这些.
worth a lot more:更值得的
Amy's pitiless step-mother refused to look after her when she was seriously ill.
艾米那个铁石心肠的继母在她生重病时不肯照料她。
refused:拒绝
The trip to the seashore brought her out of her depression.
到海边旅行使她不再抑郁。
brought her out of her depression:使她摆脱了抑郁症
The best player go off to the big club, leave us the dross.
最好的队员都投奔大俱乐部去了，就只给我们剩下些不中用的人。
the dross:垃圾
I entrusted my cat to a friend while I was away.
我不在家时把猫托给朋友照料。
away:离开
The lessor can evict the lessee for failure to pay rent.
出租人可驱逐不付租金的承租人。
failure to pay:未付款
Goods of high quality are few and far between these days.
质地精美上乘的物品现在不多见。
few:很少
He told me forthright just why he refused to take my side.
他直率地告诉我他不肯站在我这一边的原因。
refused:拒绝
I can tell by your gloomy face that the news is bad.
从你忧郁的脸上我能看出情况不妙。
bad:坏
I've been too sick / ill to go to work for the last few months.
我近几个月身体不好没上班.
sick / ill:生病
Jill and Sue are at variance (with each other) over / about their lodger.
吉尔和休在对待房客的问题上（彼此）意见不和.
at variance:不一致
I hope you will keep silence while I am out of the room, said the teacher.
教师说：我不在教室时，希望大家保持安静。
out:出去
Various malpractices by police officers were brought to light by the enquiry.
警察的各种不法行为经调查已揭露出来.
malpractices:不当行为
There are many bad customs and laws that ought to be abolished.
有许多不良的习俗和法规应予以废除。
bad:坏
They must have switched — — otherwise would have we caught up with them up long ago.
他们肯定改变路线了——不然我们早就赶上他们了。
otherwise:否则
Amy stood riveted to the spot and gazed at the entrance.
艾米一动不动站在那里，并紧盯着入口。
stood:站立
Most customers prefer to choose cloth themselves, rather take the advice of the sale assistant.
大多数顾客更加愿意自己选择衣服，而不太爱采纳售货员的意见。
rather:更像是
The quiet contentment of a well-fed child satisfied the tired mother.
孩子喂饱后不哭不闹的满足状使疲惫的母亲很满意。
well-fed:有营养的
The books seem to be lost / to have got lost.
那些书好像不见了.
got lost:迷路
An astronaut will attempt to leave the stationary spaceship and then return to it.
一名宇航员试着离开静止不动的宇宙飞船，然后再返回。
stationary: stationary
My grandmother at all price strove to get her son through college.
我祖母不惜花费地让她儿子念完了大学。
at all price:无论如何
They spread a lot of tacky gossip about his love life.
关于他的爱情生活，他们散播了许多不堪的闲言闲语。
tacky:不耐烦
Mary said she hated to see Jones, or hear of the words to that effect.
玛丽说她不愿意见到琼斯或听到关于她的事。
hated:憎恨
In the selection the lecturer neglected the negligible negative reflection on the election.
在选集中演讲者忽视了对选举的微不足道的消极反思。
negligible:微不足道
It's hard to choose between the two candidates: they're both much of a muchness.
很难在这两个候选人中作选择；他们俩不分上下。
hard to choose:很难选择
The chief negotiator keep the report secret from the rest of the government team.
主谈人不让其他政府小组成员知道该报告的内容。
from:从
Because of his poor nutrition, he has grown weaker and weaker.
他因为营养不良，身体越来越虚弱。
poor:穷人
Is it accurate to predict the result on the basis of one secret vote?
以一次不记名投票为基础预测结果准确吗？
secret:秘密
After a bad fall I was out of action for a month.
我在重重地摔了一跤后，有一个月的时间不能行动。
out of action:离职
Her head is out of proportion to the size of her body.
她的头部与身体大小不成比例。
out of proportion:不合比例
He had very red lips, and they parted at the corners with difficulty.
他那两片红红的嘴唇好不容易才在嘴角分开。
with difficulty:很困难
All of a sudden he felt less muzzy and his heart missed a beat.
这么一想，他忽然的不那么昏昏沉沉的了，心中仿佛凉了一下。
less:少
Her loyalty to the firm compensates for her lack of talent.
对公司的忠诚弥补了她天资不高的缺陷。
lack of:缺乏
After she retired as a dancer she became a famous choreographer.
她从退休不当舞者之后就成为一位很有名的编舞家。
retired:退休
His faults are accepted as the necessary complements to his merits.
他的瑕疵在世人的眼中已经成为他的优点的必不可少的补足物。
necessary:必要
I accidentally tipped a bottle of cider over the computer and it broke.
我不警惕把一杯苹果汁洒在电脑上，电脑就坏了。
accidentally:偶然
He sat down, lit his cigar and clapped his hands rather gloomily.
他坐了下来，点着了雪茄，不高兴地拍了三下手板。
gloomily:悲惨地
Eventually, she conceives a child, but it is with the wrong man.
最后，她怀了一个孩子，但他来自于一个不对的男人。
wrong:错误
Do you have to be depressed to write a sad song?
你心情不好才能写出悲伤的歌吗?
be depressed:沮丧
He reflected, "What's the matter with me today? Seems like I've got an awful grouch."
他暗暗寻思: “我今天怎么啦? 仿佛情绪不对头. ”
got an awful grouch:有可怕的咳嗽
This layer of sand clay pressed upon the layer beneath and prevented the contact with air.
这层泥沙压在植物层之上，使它不能与空气接触。
prevented:防止
Factory has a professional design team, designers carefully creation, product constantly updated.
工厂拥有一支专业设计队伍，设计师精心创作，对产品不断更新。
constantly:不断
Jon kept his face a mask. "As you say, my lady."
琼恩克制着不露声色. “如你所言，夫人. ”
kept his face a mask:用面具遮住他的脸
A woman can keep one secret --- the secret of her age.
创新句子:我不愿意告诉你我已经30了。
secret:秘密
Of coure, should the second option come to pass, it would be a precarious peace.
当然，如果第二种情况发生了，这种和平并不稳定。
precarious:不稳定
Oxygen use produces oxygen - free radicals that can destroy schistosoma an organism.
氧气使用生产不含氧可以摧毁生物的基础。
free:免费
Israel preferred to be raped than to make a decision of its own accord.
以色列宁愿接受强迫而不愿自行决定。
than:比
What is there to abreact well when is the mood bad method?
心情不好的时候有什么好的发泄方法?
he mood bad:他心情不好
The solar absorptance changed obviously, while the emittance has little change after irradiation.
材料辐照后太阳吸收率发生明显变化，而辐射率几乎不发生变化。
little change:轻微的变化
As the Portsmouth chairman, Mandaric enjoyed a successful partnership with Redknapp at Fratton Park.
作为朴茨茅斯的主席，玛纳达利齐曾在弗拉顿公园与雷德克纳普有不错的合作。
successful:成功
The report pays little regard to the facts of the case.
这份报告不大尊重这件事的事实。
pays little regard:缺乏尊重
Repayments guaranteed to stay the same throughout the length of the loan.
偿还的贷款保证在还贷期间保持不变。
stay the same:保持不变
"They fear to take up the shame that rightfully belongs to them.
“他们不敢接受理应属于他们自己的耻辱。
fear:恐惧
When I mentioned her name, he gave me a dirty look.
我提到她的名字时，他一付不悦的表情。
dirty:肮脏
The upheaval is blamed for recent stock market volatility across the globe.
这次危机因为近期造成全球股票市场的不稳定而备受指责。
volatility:波动性
A: Bill, I thought you acted (the part of) Sampson wonderfully.
比尔，我认为你扮演桑普逊角色相当不错。
wonderfully:美妙的
Overlay adelomorphic bar code anti - false worked well, but the decoration effects far from satisfactory.
覆盖式隐形条码防伪效果良好，但其装潢效果不理想。
false worked well:错误工作得很好
Acres of black and yellow smoke rolled steadily towards the sea.
成片的黑黄色的浓烟不断地滚滚涌向大海。
steadily:稳步地
He looked down at his paper and shook his head negatively.
他低下头看报纸，不赞成地摇了摇头。
negatively:消极
Swarms of gnats and mosquitoes pestered them. Rattlesnakes and grizzly bears were a constant threat.
一群一群的蚋及蚊子不停的纠缠著他们，而响尾蛇及灰熊则持续的威胁著他们的生命。
constant:常数
Her arm is still and her grip on the air pistol is steady.
她的胳臂纹丝不动，手稳稳地握住手枪。
still:仍旧
Indeed, many dealers, reporters obviously felt the end of the year sales of air warfare.
的确，在不少经销商处，记者明显感觉到了年终促销战的气息。
many:许多
Even when out at elbowsat his wits, end for money he kept up a bold face.
即使到了一贫如洗，一筹莫展的地步，他也满不在乎。
kept up a bold face:保持着大胆的脸色
After a long talk with the detective, Tom decided to clear his akirts.
和这个侦探一席长谈之后，汤姆决定洗手不干了。
clear his akirts:清扫他的笔迹
At the neck of the wrecked the reckoner checked the opaque cheque.
在遭破坏的甲板的颈部，计较者检查了这张不透明支票。
opaque:不透明
At the neck of jhe wrecs d deck, the reckoner z checked the opaque cheque.
在遭破?档募装宓?-颈部，计算者检查了这张不透明支票。
opaque:不透明
At the neck of the wrecked deck, the reckoner checked the opaque cheque. 240?
在遭破坏的甲板的颈部，计算者检查了这张不透明支票。
opaque:不透明
The truth of his conjecture was confirmed by the newspaper report.
新闻报道证明了他的推测果然不假。
The truth:真话
Because all reasons for secrecy have vanished, this report has been reconstructed from MacCarthy's own article.
现在既然保密的一切理由都已不复存在，我便根据麦卡锡自己的文章改写成这篇报道。
have vanished:已经消失了
Haley, with visible reluctance, handed over the fifty dollars to Tom.
海利很不乐意地交给汤姆五十块钱。
with visible reluctance:有明显的不情愿
As porosity and permeability is lower, it is necessary that oil bed is remolded.
由于储层低孔、低渗，因此，油层的压裂改造措施必不可少。
necessary:必要
There would be dire consequences for the rest of the world.
对世界其它地区，后果将不堪设想。
dire:可怕
I wondered if we could all just sit down and have a cold one.
我不确定我们能不能都坐下喝点什么。
wondered:惊奇
The American team was beated by the British team, and eventually got second place.
美国选手最终不敌英国，只能屈居亚军。
was beated:被打
After the 99 th failure, he was almost ready to give up.
在失败了九十九次以后，他几乎不想干了。
give up:放弃
The power failure browned out the southern half of the city.
电力不足使该城南半部灯光暗淡。
failure:失败
They had already seen the value of their stock erode considerably.
他们已经看到了他们的股票价值下跌了不少。
considerably:相当地
Plus, the riverbed has more? jagged rocks than it does water.
还有，河床上比水面有更多的凹凸不平的岩石。
jagged:被扣押
When the mood is bad, with what can the method make the mood ameliorates?
心情不好的时候，用什么方法可以使心情变好?
bad:坏
The crew started to eke out there scanty supply of fresh water.
船员们开始节约使用储量不多的淡水。
scanty:粗糙
I must feed the children tonight because my wife is out.
今晚我太太不在，我必须给小孩喂食。
out:出去
Mary wanted to go to France by herself,but her parents frowned on the idea.
玛丽希望单独去法国，但她父母不赞成。
frowned:羞怯
He was a little overwhelmed by the high rank of the men with whom he collaborated.
跟那么些高官大员日常共事，他有点受不了啦。
overwhelmed:被压倒
He is passionate about sport, most of which leaves her cold.
他很爱好运动，而她对大部分运动不感兴趣。
cold:冷
Your enquiry is too vague to enable us to reply you.
你们的询盘不明确，我们无法答复。
vague:模糊
If the quality of your products is satisfactory, we may place regular orders.
如果你们产品的质量使我们满意，我们将不断订货。
regular:定期
I can make them wonderful, and I can make them repeatedly wonderful.
我就能不断创造出美妙的东西
repeatedly:反复地
but I lost touch of where my food came from.
而且我不知道食物从哪里来的。
lost touch:失去触觉
The idea there is, if I'm confused about a topic,
如果我某个地方弄混淆
confused:混淆
I work for Intel, I make a good salary,
我为Intel公司工作。我挣的钱不少。
good:好的
there's a lot of space, a lot of badlands,
那里有很多空地，很多 badlands
badlands: badlands
Get them out of schools, and keep them out of schools.
让电脑远离学校，永远不许电脑进入学校的大门。
keep them out of:把他们排除在外
Okay. Ah, there is lots of nice bright video.
好了。嗯，这有很多不错的视频。
nice:很好
and I could go on and on. And this is to illustrate to you that
我还可以不断地举例。这就证明了
on and on:继续
who said, what is ugly is a bad sale, la laideur se vend mal, which is terrible.
他说：丑物卖不好 ，很可怕。
bad:坏
and where groups of men would come and rape them periodically,
一群男人然后就不定时的进来，轮奸她们
periodically:定期
So our cost for this was less than 10,000 dollars, all right.
我们做这项工作的成本不到一万美元。
less than:少于
very pretty photographs and I was like, I failed at this.
我也喜欢美丽的照片，但我失败
failed:失败
In a helicopter you feel -- and it's still a remarkable sensation --
在直升飞机里 - 乘坐直升飞机能仍然给人不寻常的感受
remarkable:令人瞩目的
a few people have offered to donate their bodies to the project
已经有不少人志愿为这个项目
a few:一些
And it's really hard to figure out how to get your missile
如果你不知道潜艇在太平洋中部的位置，
hard to figure out:很难理解
that they worked with a lot of Americans who were
参与他们组织的不少美国人
a lot of:很多
So it gets to be more and more of a challenge.
因此行业正不断面临挑战
more and more:越来越多
We hate this mortar, to stand hours and hours.
我们不想用人工磨，连续几个小时站着
hate:憎恨
you just wait for the random motion of atoms
你只需等着 让原子不规则的运动
random:随机
local leaders repeatedly rose to the challenge of compromise,
当地领袖不断地回应对于妥协让步的反对意见
repeatedly:反复地
you got a lot of prestige, a lot of respect.
你享受着不一般的特权和众人的敬畏。
a lot of:很多
So, about two and a half hours of the day we could collect with a stationary component.
所以呢， 一天中有一个半小时的时间，我们完全可以用固定不动的太阳能收集器来接受太阳能。
stationary: stationary
They are posh, they're wealthy, they're less likely to have outdoor jobs,
他们优雅，富有，不大可能从事户外工作
less likely:不太可能
and he was silent, so I pulled the blanket from my head,
一声不吭 我就拉开毯子
silent:沉默
who controls a random stock market and random weather.
她控制阴晴不定的股票市场和天气
random:随机
It was a political ferment, so to say --
当时政局并不稳定——这么说吧，
ferment:发酵
And this costs very little money to make --
这几乎不用钱就能做
costs very little money:费用很小
So -- and that's from less than five months
所以，不到5个月，
less than:少于
And it's a very tricky path to do it.
这很不容易做好。
tricky:很棘手
Here he is. One little guy, black jeans and stuff,
看他，个不高，黑裤子，便装，
little:很小
And I hate to be so ironic and sarcastic about it
我不想讽刺什么，
hate:憎恨
But then also many people on the far right
而也有不少人处于更靠右的部分
many:许多
And people left their jobs and they went to obscure locations
人们纷纷辞去工作去到不知名的小地方
obscure:暗淡
and as someone who works less than a mile from there --
而且我还在离世贸中心不到一英里的地方上班--
less than:少于
Many of you may have heard of the Lakota,
拉科塔人对于在座的许多人应该不陌生了，
have heard of:听说过
when the highs and lows and the droughts came,
收成不稳定和干旱来临时，
highs and lows:高和低
I believe that when you push people away from that,
我相信当你不让人们冒险
away from:远离
So what do you do when you feel overwhelmed?
好了 看到问题 心中有想法 却力不从心 怎么办
feel overwhelmed:感到压抑
those that are left out, those that feel angry,
对那些感到自己被排除在全球化之外，心怀不满，
feel angry:感到愤怒
SW: There you go. And, of course, if all else fails,
斯蒂芬尼.怀特：好极了。当然了，如果什么都不成功，
fails:失败
and they were literally afraid to open their mail
他们简直不敢拆开信件，
afraid:害怕
I said that to Bill Moyers, and he said, "Oh, we take anybody."
我跟比尔.莫耶斯说到这些时，他说：“哦，我们来者不拒。”（笑声）
take anybody:带任何人
So many of them are occluded by faces, and so on.
看，不少照片包含了游客的大头照等等。
many:许多
It costs less than 25 cents a day to change a kid's life.
改变一个孩子的命运花费不到25美分一天。
less than:少于
we did a four and a half hour down-stay, with the dog on his mat.
我们整整四个半小时坐着不动，狗就坐在（厨房里）它的垫子上。
down-stay:停顿
it'll be much less likely that some hotshot lawyer
那么你就不可能去请律师
less likely:不太可能
And actually, by the end of the day, I had a reasonable skull,
最后到那天结束，我已经有了个不错的头骨
reasonable:合理
And I defy you to name any other branch of science
我不认为任何其他的科学研究领域
defy:冒犯
And then after that, you can take it off on assignments.
之后我说，在采访的时候你们也可以不戴面纱。
take it off:脱掉它
To us, when we look at a Redwood tree, it seems to be motionless and still,
对我们来说，当我们看着一棵红杉树，它似乎仍旧
still:仍旧
When you stand still, you just see the light and dark contrasts.
当你站着不动时，你只看见明暗对比。
still:仍旧
and my two teenage daughters and most of the students at the MIT Media Lab
有一点，在我两个十几岁的女儿和实验室不少学生的身上，
most of:大部分
or whether it is the ability of poor farmers
从并不富裕的农民们
poor:穷人
You can accidentally hit "reply all" to an email
你可能不小心点了这个按钮
accidentally:偶然
even though it can be difficult to remember what De Gaulle said
即使记不住戴高乐被问及
difficult to remember:很难记住
I mean, obviously, it's got some very offensive, obscene content on it,
很明显，它有一些很不雅的内容，
obscene:卑鄙
you get rid of the shoes, you get rid of the stress,
不穿鞋子，解脱了压力，
get rid of:摆脱
he embarked upon a remarkable voyage on the ship the Beagle.
他踏上了小猎犬号，开始了一段不寻常的征程。
remarkable:令人瞩目的
desperately cares about what it is you have to say.
那些真正地，不顾一切地愿意听你说话的人。
desperately:绝望地
Okay, it's a small kitchen. It's about five square meters.
好，这个厨房不大，大约只有五平方公尺而已，
small:小
and I'm gone, so it's up to you --
我已经不在人世，所以决定权在你们
gone:已故
because the ships would get there and the crews would abandon
因为当船到了那里，船员们都不顾一切的跳下船
abandon:放弃
And we're a pretty small staff, which is me.
而且我们人手不足，就我一个光杆司令
small:小
I was at the office; my desk was clean;
我在办公室，办公桌一尘不染；
clean:清洁
So a lot of the recycled materials that are collected here
因此我们这里不少可回收资源
a lot of:很多
but then you sweep that aside and focus on what you do.
但对缺点马上置之不理，然后全力去爱她/他
sweep that aside:把那件事抛开一边
it's clear that the mobility model that we have today
就不难看到，我们今天拥有的移动模式
it's clear that:很明显
They allowed themselves a few mistakes along the way.
设计的时候他们故意留下了一些不完美的地方。
mistakes:错误
and my father denies this story to this day --
我父亲现在不承认这个故事--
denies:否认
Yes, I'm sorry if it upsets some of you, but
我很抱歉如果这让你感到不舒服，但
upsets:令人沮丧
to be a little bit too racy for their users,
对于用户来说有点太不雅观了，
racy:狂热
it moved a lot of antidepressants and anti-anxiety meds.
它省了不少抗抑郁药和抗焦虑药。
a lot of:很多
You can ill afford to criticize others when you behave so badly yourself.
本身行为不正， 则不宜批评别人。
badly:很糟糕
He decided to keep off alcohol after the accident.
发生那次事故后，他决定不再饮酒。
keep off:继续
Ann froze with terror as the door opened silently.
门一声不响地开了，把安吓呆了。
silently:默默地
They assigned his odd behavior to his ill health.
他们把他的古怪行为归因于健康不佳。
ill:病
Be careful of that chair; it's a bit rocky.
当心，那椅子有些不稳。
rocky:岩石
He would suffer death rather than betray the secret.
他宁死也不肯泄露机密。
rather than:而不是
Who will care for the house while the family is away?.
全家人都不在时，由谁照料这间房子呢？.
away:离开
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
猫儿不在，老鼠翻天。
away:离开
I paid only 3000 for this used car but it's worth a lot more.
我只花了3000英镑就买下了这辆旧汽车， 其价值远不止这些.
a lot more:更多
The supply of vegetables falls short of demand this year.
今年蔬菜供不应求。
falls short:短缺
News reporters camped upon his doorstep day and night.
一些新闻记者日夜在他门口纠缠不走。
camped upon his doorstep:他在门口安营
The two tribes were long at feud with each other.
这两个部族长期不和。
at feud:在争吵中
The dress fitted badly and puckered at the waist.
这件连衣裙不合身，腰部很皱。
fitted badly:坏装
She decided to forgo dessert for a few days.
她决定几天不吃甜点心。
forgo:放弃
He made a gross mistake but refused to admit it.
他犯了严重的错误却不肯承认。
refused:拒绝
To tell you the truth, I hate to do it.
老实告诉你，我不愿意做这事。
hate:憎恨
The doctors hold out little hope of his recovery.
医生们对他的康复不抱多大希望。
hold out little hope:保持一点希望
Mr Kent is out of town just at present.
肯特先生刚好不在家.
out:出去
The mechanism of local government is far from perfect.
地方政府的结构还很不完善。
far from perfect:远于完美
A casual or mediocre player of a sport, especially golf.
漫不经心或平庸的运动员，尤指高尔夫球手。
casual:偶然
The mere thought of the ruffian made her shudder.
她一想到那个恶棍就不寒而栗。
shudder:颤抖
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
猫儿不在，鼠儿成精。
away:离开
Their travel plan was cancelled because of the bad weather.
因为天气不好，他们的旅行计划取消了。
bad:坏
I went away so my daughter acted as hostess.
那时我不在家，所以由我女儿招待客人。
away:离开
His partial attitude called forth a lot of criticism.
他的偏袒态度招致了不少批评。
a lot of:很多
She was full of shame at her bad behavior.
她对自己的不良行为感到羞耻。
bad:坏
The cake we made was somewhat of a failure.
我们做的蛋糕不大成功。
failure:失败
Bail was refused on the presupposition of his guilt.
已料到他罪名成立而不准保释.
refused:拒绝
It's management that's at fault rather than the work-force.
错在资方而不在劳方.
rather than:而不是
They were tired of their raw treatment by their boss.
他们实在无法忍受老板的不公正待遇了。
raw: raw
It is easy to reduce if you watch your diet.
你如果注意饮食，减肥并不难。
easy:轻松
She left her home reluctantly and sick at heart.
她依依不舍地离开了家，心情很沉重。
reluctantly:不情愿
I can make them wonderful, and I can make them repeatedly wonderful.
我就能不断创造出美妙的东西
repeatedly:反复地
And "right answer," of course there might be more than one right answer;
这些小游戏， 有正确答案， 而且可能还不止一个。
more than:超过
So our cost for this was less than 10,000 dollars, all right.
我们做这项工作的成本不到一万美元。
less than:少于
so the man who delivered me was a complete stranger to my parents.
所以最后就由基恩大夫这个我父母之前都不认识的人给我接生了
stranger:陌生人
In a helicopter you feel -- and it's still a remarkable sensation --
在直升飞机里 - 乘坐直升飞机能仍然给人不寻常的感受
remarkable:令人瞩目的
a few people have offered to donate their bodies to the project
已经有不少人志愿为这个项目
a few:一些
And it's really hard to figure out how to get your missile
如果你不知道潜艇在太平洋中部的位置，
hard to figure out:很难理解
They are posh, they're wealthy, they're less likely to have outdoor jobs,
他们优雅，富有，不大可能从事户外工作
less likely:不太可能
I had them remove all the calories for you.
它们都不含卡路里。
remove all:删除所有
Out of the cold, dark wasteland of eternity.
走出这冰冷黑暗的不朽荒地
eternity:永恒
As the leader of the opposition, it will be very difficult... to get Senator Amidala to leave the capital.
她不太容易离开首都
very difficult:非常困难
They said you refused to let go of the rock.
他们说你抱着那块石头不肯松手
refused:拒绝
I'm sure it's worth more than $12.
典当掉它吧，既然你这么拮据. 我确信它价值不止12美圆.
more than:超过
And, you, if you so much as look at me wrong...
你，如果看我不顺眼…
look at me wrong:看我错了
After that she refused to talk to me.
飞雪从此不再理我
refused:拒绝
There's a serious shortage of cups aboard this ship.
这船上的杯子短缺
shortage:短缺
Did you pay a lot for it?
价格不菲吧？
a lot:很多
Up top so we can shout down, "Hey, tough luck, suckers.
我们在上面可以喊， "嘿，运气不佳吧，潦倒的家伙"
tough:不耐烦
You break your word, I'il kill all of ya.
很公道，若你不遵守诺言，我杀你全家
break your word: break your word
I hate to have to tell you this, Miss Bonnet.
我本不想对你说的,庞奈小姐.
hate:憎恨
The Trojans have violated the agreement!
跟我打 特洛伊人违反了协议
violated the agreement:违反了协议
Or maybe a little superstition you have goes wrong.
或者就有一些小小的迷信是错的
goes wrong:是错的
Well, uh, I'm out of the tree house.
嗯，我已经不住树屋了
out of:离开
There is only one word for it - magical.
只有一个词可以形容 - 魔术
magical:魔术
You two are of a completely different caliber.
你们俩完全不般配.
different:不同
So many wonderful memories from those days.
干的不错啊，格雷格
wonderful:美妙
The Führer lost all hope of a good outcome.
元首对好的结果失去一切希望
lost all hope:失去一切希望
You have a really awesome company here.
你的公司真不错啊.
awesome:惊人
Oh yeah, while you were gone, I sent plenty of money to your folks
你不在的时候 我给了你的家里人很多钱
were gone:他们已经消失了
I've lost my taste for women of that description.
我已经对女人不感兴趣了
lost my taste:我失去了味觉
Turned out to be a total psycho.
Rosemary. 可能有点不正常.
psycho:精神病
Bly's been shaky for the last few races.
布莱在上一小段赛程有些颤抖
shaky:颤抖
They have great teachers and high college acceptance rates!
他们有很棒的师资，并且升学率不错！
high:高
Christ, I can barely take care of myself.
天啊，我几乎不能照顾自己。
barely:几乎
There was more than one lobster present... at the birth of Jesus?
耶稣诞生时有不少龙虾在场？
more than one:多于一
So her period stopped and her belly began to swell.
她的月经不来了 肚子也变大了
stopped:停止
It's just so bad for you, though.
对你身体坏
bad:坏
You were both only almost naked together.
没什么？孤男寡女、衣衫不整在人家家里
naked:裸体
Please let me hit you once. otherwise I'il feel awful.
你给我打一下啦！ 我打不到你，我的心不舒服的！
awful:可怕
When I went back, hours later... my mother and sister were gone.
我的母亲和妹妹都不见了。
were gone:他们已经消失了
It's been a standoff all damned day.
毕竟都在按兵不动 真他妈的死气沉沉的一天
standoff:停顿
"so he'd use his red apple with my name, and get it over with."
我就什麽都不怕了
get it over with:让它过去
You were naked on the patio?
妈妈，我们在露台上 你在露台上一丝不挂？
naked:裸体
They dropped the charges due to lack of evidence.
因为证据不足他们撤销了指控
lack of:缺乏
I thought they were two totally different issues.
我当这两件事完全不同
different:不同
