“It's an amazing place ,” AB said,“ but our hotel room was filthy and we ate the same thing every day. Noodles for breakfast and rice for dinner.”
“那真是一个神奇的地方，”AB说，“但是我们住的酒店很肮脏，而且每天都吃同样的食物。早餐面条晚餐米饭，千篇一律。”
filthy:肮脏
“It ’s an amazing place, ” AB said,“ but our hotel room was filthy and we ate the same thing every day.”
“那真是一个神奇的地方，”AB说，“但是我们住的酒店很肮脏，而且每天都吃同样的食物。”
filthy:肮脏
Life, misfortune, isolation, abandonment, poverty, are the fields of battle which have their heroes; obscure heroes, who are, sometimes, grander than the heroes who win renown.
生活，苦难，暗淡，遗弃，贫困，这些都是战场，都有它们的英雄，无名英雄，有时比显赫的英雄更伟大。
obscure:暗淡
Be all ugg boots way hugged apartment once at the Wei Zhuo, rarely didn't feel perplexed alternatively abashed Nan ugg tall ashore the inverse grew apt beyond wordsly have truce of mind.
被卫卓一路拥回房间，难得地没有觉得不知所措或者羞赧，反而是种无法言喻的安心。
perplexed:不知所措
Have you ever seen the horrible scene that butchers had butchered pigs in the abattoir?
你在屠宰场看过那些屠夫们屠杀猪儿们的可怕场面吗？
horrible:可怕
And soon OK was to find its place in many languages as a reminder of a familiar word or abbreviation.
很快OK就在不同语言中作为某个熟悉单词或缩写词的提示语存在。
familiar:熟悉
The stress, she believes, was inflicted by human interactions with elephants —and she thinks that the aberrant elephant psychology at Pilanesberg is only an indication of something much larger.
她确信，大象的不可思议因为人类干扰大象的生活，使其遭受创伤而引起的。同时她认为兰斯堡的大象所出现的异常心理问题只是冰山一角，其中隐藏着更大的问题。
aberrant:不可思议
Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man.
说谎言的，你必灭绝。好流人血弄欺骗的，都为耶和华所憎恶。
deceitful:欺骗
Nigerians now call for a revolution, which is to say there can be no peace while the majority of our people live in abject poverty and a tiny minority lives in gluttonous greed.
尼日利亚需要一场变革，如果一个国家的大多数人民生活在赤贫之中，而只有极少一部分人却卑鄙地坐拥一切，那这个国家就不会有安宁。
abject:卑鄙
In the ensuing struggle they grew more and more abject, crushed, exhausted while she surely rose to magnificent heights of insane fury of effort bred of her terror of me.
在接下来的“战斗”中他们越来越难堪，被摧垮了，直至精疲力竭。而这个女孩由于恐惧，她对我的抗拒达到了壮观的地步。
magnificent:壮观
They are in ably silty in build slimy house, open a spiracle in corresponding place only, this.
它们柔软地在淤泥中构筑泥屋，仅在相应的地方开一个呼吸孔，这。
silty:柔软
This demonstrates that she is able to excel at something, even within the confines of her meager existence and abominable sweaters, and implies potential yet untapped.
这些证明了即使在懒惰的身形和令人憎恶的毛衣限制之下她仍能够脱颖而出，同时也暗示了她那还没施展的潜能。
meager:懒惰
In the aborigine language, Wirra Wirra means "place of happiness". Let us meet at Aussino and for the happy life, cheers!
威拿庄）是澳洲的土著语，其意为“欢聚之地”。让我们也相约一起，欢聚于富隆！为了快乐的生活，干杯！
happy:快乐
In the aborigine language, Wirra Wirra means "place of happiness". Let us meet at Aussino Cellar and for the happy life, cheers!
威拿庄）是澳洲的土著语，其意为“欢聚之地”。让我们也相约一起，欢聚于富隆天河北酒窖！为了快乐的生活，干杯！
happy:快乐
Despite this alarming trend, Zhang says she is more upset about the attitude some of these girls have toward early sexual relationships and abortion.
除去这值得敲响警钟的趋势，张医生说，她对一些女生在面对过早的性关系和堕胎时的态度更为沮丧。
upset:沮丧
Without delicate internal components to break, abrade or corrode, the Lake flow transmitter will provide many years of low- maintenance service.
敏感的内部元件没有打破，研磨或腐蚀，湖流量变送器将提供低维修服务多年。
delicate:敏感
Time grows, the person can produce absentminded illusion constantly, this is the omen before disaster.
时间一长，人就会时常产生心不在焉的错觉，这就是灾难前的征兆了。
absentminded:心不在焉
Accumulation is overmuch, can behave for disposition crabbed, absentminded, appear then body symptom: Decline of giddy, insomnia, memory.
积聚过多，则会表现为性情心不在焉、精神恍惚，进而出现躯体症状：头晕、失眠、记忆力衰退等。
absentminded:心不在焉
The state has been very depressed, state of mind is absentminded, eager to soothe tired heart.
状态一直很低迷，心态也是很沮丧，渴望疲惫的心得到安抚。
depressed:沮丧
The state has been very depressed, state of mind is absentminded, eager to soothe tired heart.
状态一直很低迷，心态也是很恍惚，渴望沮丧的心得到安抚。
depressed:沮丧
Often insomnia, gastric accept owes beautiful, gaunt, and from time to tome absentminded phenomenon, changed even disposition, get angry almost everyday.
经常失眠，胃纳欠佳，心不在焉，且时有精神恍惚现象，连脾气都变了，三天两头发火。
absentminded:心不在焉
Absentminded, we resemble the first time like meeting, excited and unusual.
兴奋间，我们像初次相见一样，激动异常。
excited:兴奋
Absentminded medium, whole body long 8 Chinese foot iron pagodas general the big fellow stand in front, his complexion You be black, the air cold Ao.
心不在焉中，一身长8尺铁塔一般大汉站立面前，他面色黝黑，神色冷傲。
Absentminded:心不在焉
When the Duke scientists say "ultra- cool" they mean uber- cooled to around 150 micro- Kelvin -- that's only a few billionths of a degree Kelvin above absolute zero.
杜克的科学家们所说的“超凉爽”意指超级凉爽却到150微开尔文左右——这仅仅比绝对零度高几亿分之一开尔文。
cool:凉爽
If you happen to spill some gas or oil on the floor, newspaper will help absorb the spill and can prevent a permanent stain on concrete or a soft spot in your asphalt drive.
如果你碰巧将一些汽油或机油洒在地板上，报纸将帮助你吸收倾洒物并且可以保护你的物品避免永久染色或在沥青车道上留下柔软的记号。
soft:柔软
There was unfortunately no one there but I who could realise the atrociously ludicrous way in which the Behaga mode combined with those absurd verses.
荒谬的是，那时候除了我之外，没有人能听得出贝阿伽曲调和那可笑的诗句结合在一起，是如此的滑稽有趣。
absurd:荒谬
However, because they don’t have the emotional tools to integrate the hurt caused by abusive adults, they often suppress their feelings as the first line of defence.
但是，实际上他们并不具备情绪调节的能力，可以去平复成年人对其虐待造成的滥用，他们抑制自己的情感，作为第一道防线。
abusive:滥用
However, because they don’t have the emotional tools to integrate the hurt caused by abusive adults, they often repress their feelings as their first line of defence.
但是，实际上他们并不具备情绪调节的能力，可以去平复成年人对其虐待造成的滥用，他们抑制自己的情感，作为第一道防线。
abusive:滥用
And he contemplated her absorbed young face with a thrill of possessorship in which pride in his own masculine initiation was mingled with a tender reverence for her abysmal purity.
他注视着她全”神贯注的年轻面庞，心中不由涌出一阵拥有者的激动，其中有对自己萌动的丈夫气概的自豪，也有对她那深不可测的纯洁的温馨敬意。
young:年轻
We find ourselves facing the horror of what has always been the Achilles heel of the left wing: its abysmal ignorance of economic science.
我们发现正在面临着一种深渊的境况，它就是左翼经济学家的阿喀琉斯之踵：对经济科学完全的傲慢无知。
abysmal:深渊
Of course, easy access to the work place is a must.
当然，交通轻松是必要条件，方便我往来于酒店和工作地点。
easy:轻松
Her longtime hairstylist Kim Kimble tells People, “Even when she ’s dressing down, she will accessorize with items that make the outfi t pop or wear her hair in a glamorous style.”
她长期以来的发型师金·金布尔告诉《人物》杂志： “即使她穿便装的时候，也会装饰一些配饰来使她的衣服显得很‘潮’，或者梳一个华丽的发型。”
glamorous:华丽
The taste is well-balanced with soft tannins and a harmonious finish. An ideal accompanist to juicy roast beef or roast pork.
与理想的单宁完美结合，口味和谐。最佳配食是：多汁的烤牛肉或烤猪肉。
ideal:理想
The taste is well-balanced with soft tannins and a harmonious finish. An ideal accompanist to juicy roast beef or roast pork.
与平衡的单宁完美结合，口味和谐。最佳配食是：多汁的烤牛肉或烤猪肉。
balanced:平衡
The taste is well-balanced with soft tannins and a harmonious finish. An ideal accompanist to juicy roast beef or roast pork.
与温和的单宁理想结合，口味和谐。最佳配食是：多汁的烤牛肉或烤猪肉。
ideal:理想
The ministers said they also reached accord on tough action on deforestation and agreed that aviation would have to cut its emissions by 10% by 2020 compared with 2005 levels and shipping by 20%.
部长们表示，他们还对采取不耐烦行动制止毁林达成一致，并一致同意，在2020年前，飞机制造业必须相对于2005年水平削减排放10%，船运削减20%。
tough:不耐烦
I could only envy her that sort of easy congruity — how wonderful, it seemed, to feel in accord with what others thought of you.
我只能羡慕她那种轻松的和谐一致——如果与别人对你的看法一致该是多么好。
easy:轻松
Old women are usually more reticent, whereas most old men like to accost strangers. Their favorite thing is to talk about their "salad" days.
老太太总是比较不耐烦，老先生喜欢有人和他搭话，听他说说从前这里的事情，他最喜欢。
reticent:不耐烦
Only one person actually did hit the ALT key by mistake, but a quarter of the innocent participants were so disarmed by the shock of the accusation that they confessed to something they had not done.
可是实际上只有一个人错按了“ALT”键，却有四分之一的志愿者们，明明是无辜的，却在面对被指责的震惊之下承认了他们没有做过的事。
innocent:无辜
The characteristics of this teaching method is easy to teach and easy to learn, and more accusative.
该方法有轻松易学、由浅入深、直观易懂、准确性高的特点。
easy:轻松
Usually, I’m not the one to accuse games for corrupting our youth, but this is quite insane.
通常，我并不是那种指责游戏毒害少年的人，但这个游戏真是太疯狂了。
insane:疯狂
My Criminal Law professor, Steve Duke, was a witty, acerbic man and a fine teacher with whom I later did a seminar on white-collar crime.
我的“刑法”教授是史蒂夫·杜克，他是一个风趣、聪明的人，是个好老师，我后来与他一起摘了一个关于白领犯罪的讨论会。
witty:聪明
Written after a short visit to the UK (his first), his essay is not just witty and acerbic, it is humblingly observant.
此文写于他（首次）短暂访问英国之后。他的散文不仅聪明尖刻，其观察之细致入微也足以令人汗颜。
witty:聪明
I wish I could say that we inspired an awful lot of funny, smart, irreverent, acerbic shows that took a lacerating view of the institutions of society. But I don't think we have.
我希望我能说，我们启发激励了无数有趣、聪明、无厘头、可怕的节目，对社会各项制度采取一种撕裂伤害的观点，但我并不认为如此。
awful:可怕
Other popular cosmetics were an indelible pencil (quite ordinary, not cosmetic) and parquet lacquer with acetone coming complete.
其他流行的化妆品则有“消不去铅笔”（建筑业常用，本不是化妆品）和成分完全是丙酮的地板漆。
popular:流行
New calculations suggest Titan's hydrocarbon lakes are loaded with acetylene, a chemical some scientists say could serve as food for cold -resistant organisms.
新的推测认为泰坦的碳氢湖充满了乙炔，一种可以成为冷生物养料的物质。
cold:冷
Milan coach Leonardo said: “Beckham’s injury makes us feel terrible. David understood immediately that he had torn his Achilles tendon.
米兰教头莱昂纳多说“小贝的伤让我们感到很可怕，小贝知道他又他的跟腱撕裂。”
terrible:可怕
Not stay in bed sick, but head achy, dry eyes, stiff and generally miserable.
不是那种卧床不起的病，而是那种悲惨，眼干，僵硬的和浑身的痛苦。
miserable:悲惨
Not stay in bed sick, but head achy, dry eyes, stiff and generally miserable.
不是那种卧床不起的病，而是那种头疼，眼干，悲惨的和浑身的痛苦。
miserable:悲惨
I have a terrible sore throat and I feel achy all over.
我嗓子疼得很可怕，并感到浑身疼痛。
terrible:可怕
Although evidence from the martian rovers indicates that long ago Mars might once have had liquid water on its surface, that water might also have been too acidic for familiar life forms to thrive.
尽管从火星车收集到的证据表明很久以前火星表面存在液态水，但是这些液态水可能太酸了，因此熟悉的生命形式无法依靠其繁衍。
familiar:熟悉
This simple transfer, in and of itself, will strengthen your faith because it requires you at a very basic, yet intimate level, to acknowledge the sovereignty of God.
这个简单的转移本身会增强你的信仰，因为它在一个非常基础——然而也亲密私人的层面上承认上帝的最高权威。
intimate:亲密
It is simple, but not always easy – just acknowledge who they are, what they are going through, with empathy and respect.
它非常的轻松，但并不总是容易的-用尊重的心承认真实的他们，以及他们所经历的一切。
easy:轻松
Acolyte: This crude contraption will allow you to transport the remains of our master.
寺僧：这个粗糙的装置会帮助你运送我们主人的遗骸。
crude:粗糙
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在的情况是人们不能像以前那样轻易地、公开地坦陈自己的梦想，惟恐别人认为自己爱出风头、野蛮、庸俗不堪。
vulgar:野蛮
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在的情况是人们不能像以前那样轻易地、公开地坦陈自己的梦想，惟恐别人认为自己爱出风头、野蛮、庸俗。
vulgar:野蛮
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在的情况是人们不能像以前那样轻易地、公开地坦陈自己的梦想，惟恐别人认为自己爱出风头、贪婪、野蛮。
vulgar:野蛮
Only have the time in in the dead of night, I would remove the strong feint exhaustedly, scanning the mirror amid that distressed facial appearance, acquit own flimsiness.
只有在夜深人静的时候，我才会疲惫地除去坚强的伪装，审视镜子中那个悲伤的容颜，释放自己的脆弱。
distressed:悲伤
If it wasn't an act of god, it could have been simple evolution. The virus could have occurred natural and people began to become exposed.
如果这不是神的旨意，那么可能是一次自然的进化，这个病毒出现并将人类暴露在了其毒手下。
natural:自然
The study confirms some long-standing folklore about the acuity of one of North America's most familiar birds — and offers new insight into how some wild animals may cope with living alongside people.
这项研究确认了一些长期存在的民间传闻，即北美一种最熟悉的鸟类具有敏锐的能力。该研究同时也可能为这些野生动物如何对付一起生活的人类提供新的见解。
familiar:熟悉
In a finely tuned partnership, Mr. Finckel and Ms. Wu offered a striking interpretation of the work, vigorous in the dramatic Scherzo and deeply expressive in the brief Adagio.
芬科尔先生和吴女士这对非常和谐的搭档，将这部作品演绎到了极致。戏谑曲精力充沛跳跃富有戏剧性，简短的慢板饱含深情。
vigorous:精力充沛
As its title indicates, Robert Schumann's Adagio and Allegro has a gentle and poetic melody as well as passionate and fiery bursts, fully embodying the two sides of Schumann character.
舒曼的《柔板与快板》正如它的标题一样既有柔美和诗意般的歌唱性段落，也有热情并迸发火花般的快板段落，充分的体现了舒曼性格中的两面性。
passionate:热情
She moved through the fast passage work in the outer movements with a seamless precision and she used an alluring dynamic flexibility to create an often wrenching account of the Adagio.
她自始至终地将演奏无缝的快速乐段贯穿于开始和结束乐章之中，还运用诱人的富于力度变化的柔韧性去创造柔板乐章中经常有突转的演绎”。
seamless:无缝
If the simple and easy adapter pattern will work for most users, when will it not be appropriate?
如果轻松和容易的适配器模式适合于大多数用户，那么它何时不适当呢？
easy:轻松
Haggis also gave her the role of a murderous drug addict in “The Next Three Days.
哈吉斯还给了她一个角色，在《未来三天》中扮演一个杀人犯的瘾君子。
murderous:杀人犯
Some contact with even the most awful, addicted or inadequate parent is usually better than none at all: it helps the children make sense of what has happened.
与即使是最可怕的、上瘾的或不合格的父母保持某些联系通常要比完全没有的好：这有助于孩子理解发生的事情的意义。
awful:可怕
In fact, it is easy to get a bit addicted to pulling out paper and compartmentalizing all the things you have to do in neat little rows and boxes.
事实上，人们容易对拉出单子和将必须做的所有事情分类在轻松的一行行和一个个格子中这类事情上瘾。
easy:轻松
What they both discovered is that this TV toy is quite addictive and has helped both of them enjoy daily activity without having to leave the house in bad weather.
他们都发现一点，这种电视游戏很容易上瘾，他们两人十分享受每天的生活，而不是像从前那样整个屋子坏的很。
bad:坏
You will be amazed by the gorgeous graphics, rich gameplay, immersive music and the insanely addictive quality of this game.
您会对游戏华丽的界面，丰富的游戏，身临其境的音乐，令人惊奇上瘾的质量赞叹不已。
amazed:惊奇
Emulsifiers are a legal additive in sports drinks and fruit juices, giving the drinks a "cloudy" and "rich" look.
乳化剂是运动饮料和果汁粉中一种合法添加剂，它使饮料看起来“不透明”和“云彩”。
cloudy:云彩
Co- star Blake Lively (TV's Gossip Girls), who plays rival pilot Carol Ferris, proved she can act when she portrayed a drug - addled barfly in last fall's The Town.
联合主演布莱克·莱弗利（《绯闻女孩》）扮演主角的飞行员对手卡洛·法瑞斯，她在去年秋天的《城中大盗》中夸张饰演了一名嗑药酒鬼。
addled:夸张
When you ’re already fairly productive, you can’t simply add on more work.
如果你现在工作效率已经很高了，你不能更多的认为可以增加工作量。
more:更多
Our primary mission is to lead and guide our customers, but we risked letting that role slip away as our customers became more adept with the tools and technologies than we were.
我们的主要任务是带领、指导我们的客户，但我们却要冒这个角色可能失败的冒险，因为我们的客户已经变得比我们对那些工具和技术更精通。
adept:精通
Being more adept in social situations and being better equipped to network successfully will help you forge working relationships that could be very advantageous to you in the future.
在社交场合中更加精通、在人际关系网中成功地有着更好的装备都可以帮助你打造有效地人际关系，从而让你在未来占尽优势。
adept:精通
The art of programming is the adept manipulation of data and information — a skill akin to capturing light in chiaroscuro.
编程的艺术在于对数据和信息的精通处理 ——类似于在明暗处理中捕捉亮色的技能。
adept:精通
For example, distributed teams are well suited for building partitioned architectures; centralized teams are often more adept at building centralized architectures.
举例来说，分布的团队非常适合构建分区的架构，而集中的团队常常精通于构建集中的架构。
adept:精通
Bush had been a very adept politician in 2000, building a coalition with moderate rhetoric and quite conservative - specific proposals.
在2000年，小布什已经是个政界内行了，能将温和的言辞与相当保守而具体的建议有机结合。
moderate:温和
The baby had thin, tightly adherent skin that causes arthrogryposis and respiratory insufficiency.
患婴有著瘦，紧贴的皮肤，造成关节脔缩及呼吸不全。
thin:瘦
Massive, irritating and even scary expressions of it were vital in shaking an obdurate Government, contemptuous of public opinion, from its determination to pursue war ad infinitum in Vietnam.
大规模的，刺激性的，甚至害怕表示其目的是为了推翻一个极其不耐烦的政府，蔑视公众舆论，美国发动了史无前例而漫漫无期的越南战争。
obdurate:不耐烦
Their houses adjoin the players', which make them proud and happy.
他们的房子毗连，使他们感到快乐和高兴。
happy:快乐
The lovers’ best chances to meet are during his once-a- week visits to a public swimming pool, during which they adjourn for trysts in a crummy motel.
他们见面的最好时机就是每周去一次公共泳池，其间他们会偷偷去一家笨拙的汽车旅馆偷情。
crummy:笨拙
He implies that cyber - weapons would be used mainly as an adjunct to conventional operations in a narrow theatre.
他暗示网络武器可能仅仅是在狭窄的范围内，作为常规行动的辅助手段。
narrow:狭窄
In any case, you can see how easy it would be to adjust our simulation should better model information become available.
在任何情况下，您可以看到如果可以使用更好的模型信息，则调整我们的模拟是多么轻松。
easy:轻松
The trauma of partition ensured that relations with Pakistan would long be dreadful, and India has shown admirable restraint in the face of bloody provocations from across the border.
该分区的创伤表明印度与巴基斯坦的关系将长期不和。然而面对边境上的可怕挑衅，印度却表现出了令人钦佩的的隐忍。
dreadful:可怕
Admittedly these confessions are taking place in a laboratory rather than an interrogation room, so the stakes might not appear that high to the confessor.
无可否认，这些承认发生在实验室里而不是审讯室中，因此对于承认者来说利害关系可能没那么高。
high:高
Although busy with her own friends and work, Lillian took the time to listen to the trials of a not-so-eager kindergartener, a defiant tomboy, an awkward adolescent and a rebellious college student.
尽管莉莉安很忙她都会抽时间来倾听一个笨拙的幼儿园小孩，一个性格叛逆的假小子，一个难对付的青少年和一个叛逆的大学生的艰难经历。
awkward:笨拙
These adorable dormice are actually increasingly rare in England, and these two were rescued from the jaws of a ferocious housecat.
这些可爱的睡鼠在英格兰变得愈发的罕见，这两只小家伙是从一只凶残的家猫口中救出的。
rare:罕见
Yet for so public a figure, Jackson was socially awkward, inept at small talk and terrified when the distant audience became an adoring mob.
虽然这个角色如此知名，但杰克逊在社交方面依然很不耐烦，他在闲聊时显得愚蠢，当本身与其有些距离的听众们变成崇拜他的那群人时他甚至会感觉害怕。
inept:不耐烦
Yet for so public a figure, Jackson was socially awkward, inept at small talk and terrified when the distant audience became an adoring mob.
虽然这个角色如此知名，但杰克逊在社交方面依然很笨拙，他在闲聊时显得不耐烦，当本身与其有些距离的听众们变成崇拜他的那群人时他甚至会感觉害怕。
inept:不耐烦
Adrenaline has kept me going, focused, sharp, alert to the dangers and the myriad questions I'd planned.
肾上腺素让我对危险和准备好的无数问题保持着专注、尖锐和机警的状态。
sharp:尖锐
Since then Sondheim has devoted himself to both composing and writing lyrics for a series of varied and adventuresome musicals, beginning with the innovative "concept musical" Company in 1970.
从此桑德海姆致力于为一系列风格多变而富有冒险精神的音乐剧谱写词曲。首先是1970年颇为创新的“概念音乐剧”[conceptmusical]《伙伴们》[Company]。
varied:多变
Also, it is advisable to be fairly cautious in political discussions.
同样，在政治话题上保持相对小心也是明智的。
cautious:小心
He would become an advisor on my team. On more than one occasion, his insight and his personal connection with Arafat would prove invaluable.
他成了我团队中的一个顾问，他的见识和他与阿拉法特的私人关系曾不止一次地起了更多作用。
more:更多
Soon after, I told my advisor, Terry Winograd, it would take a couple of weeks for me to download the web — he nodded knowingly, fully aware it would take much longer but wise enough not to tell me.
不久后,我告诉我的导师特里·温诺格拉德,那要花几周时间来下载整个网络——他只是会意地点点头,他完全知道要花的时间其实长得多,但他很聪明,并没有告诉我。
wise:聪明
Aerie as the frightened little girl in the circus would be amazed at her transformation.
那些把艾黎团里位受惊吓女孩，她蜕感非常害怕。
frightened:害怕
Seo ’s research, which was supported by sports equipment manufacturer Molten USA, found that at slower speeds the ball ’s aerodynamic behaviour begins to resemble more of a smooth sphere.
瀬尾的研究得到了美国莫尔顿体育用品生产商赞助，在研究中，他发现在低速下球的空气动力原理设计与平滑的圆球体更相似。
smooth:平滑
While you might read a lot of posts about the minimalist aesthetic, as well as on owning less stuff, what isn’t talked about enough is minimalist eating.
可能你已经读过很多关于“最小化既是美”的报道，像极简主义美学啦，减少个人拥有物品啦之类，而关于“最小化饮食”这一点谈论的还不够多。
minimalist:最小化
Happy couples are pleased to be seen together and are often in some kind of affectionate contact — hand on hand or hand on shoulder or knee or back of neck.
亲切伴侣们总是很高兴被看到在一起，那时他们常常有一些深情的互动——手牵手，或者手搭在肩上、膝盖或颈背。
affectionate:亲切
It sounds gracious on the surface —to say that God has no law, no standards, no expectations, no commandments, no threats —that he is simply there to affirm me in whatever I happen to be.
这听起来优美的表面说，上帝没有法律，没有标准，没有期望，没有戒律，没有威胁，他就在那里，我肯定在什么我碰巧。
gracious:优美
As a black conservative, he occupies a visible perch, and has not been shy in advancing tough critiques of busing and affirmative action. Sowell gets noticed.
作为一名保守党成员，他的黑人身份令他备受关注，时常处于风口浪尖；他致力于积极推进社会种族融合以及改善社会不平等，勇于面对各方羞怯的批评。
shy:羞怯
And he still has that adorable hover manoeuvre, frantically kicking his legs in mid-air, groaning with effort to keep himself afloat.
他仍然有趣味十足的悬停技能，可爱地在半空中踢着双腿，呻吟着并努力保持漂浮状态。
adorable:可爱
These days, if you are a would - be Taiwanese diplomat your travel prospects are limited, encompassing just four African nations, 10 tiny Pacific and Caribbean island states and the Vatican.
现如今，如果不幸身为一名台湾外交人员，你的旅行目标会变得相当微小，仅有四个非洲国家，以及十个太平洋及加勒比海岛国，外加梵蒂冈。
tiny:微小
Nausea and vomit is one of the most familiar side -effect after chemotherapy, which result in the extensive appliance limiting of chemotherapy medicament.
恶心、呕吐是化疗中最熟悉的副作用之一，这使化疗药物的广泛应用受到了限制。
familiar:熟悉
But before we declare this the happy ending of a feminist fairytale, we must look at the more sinister afterword.
在我们宣布男女平等的快乐愿景实现之前，我们一定要看见更多不快乐的前景。
happy:快乐
On its side with its mouth slightly agape, the slender, badly - damage body lies half- buried in snow close to Irkutsk, Russia.
在俄罗斯人拍摄的视频中，我们看到外星人残骸微张着嘴巴，身材接近，“尸体”已经遭到严重损坏，掩埋在雪地里。
close:接近
An updated wardrobe, newer hairstyle, or current cultural references could hedge against ageism, or they could make you look silly.
日益更新的衣柜、最新的发型或者是当前的流行文化都可以让你跨越年龄歧视的障碍，但是也可能会让你看起来愚蠢。
silly:愚蠢
Before I reached the age of consent I was desperate to lose my virginity while it was still illegal.
在末达到合法结婚的年龄，我曾很绝望想有性行为，尽管这是违法的。
desperate:绝望
All of these factors are aggravated when the men can find no legitimate work, because of mistrust and a brutal job market.
当这些人们因为误解和野蛮的就业市场而找不到合法工作时，所有这些因素都恶化了。
brutal:野蛮
Shrapnel cracks the windshield of a van parked nearby, and the shopkeepers, quietly watching from a distance until now, become agitated for the first time.
爆炸的弹片击碎了停在附近的卡车的挡风玻璃，于是直到刚才都一直静静地在远处看着这一切的店主们头一回表现出几分激动。
agitated:激动
When one becomes agitated as a result of this anger, this agitation is not Christian, or Jewish, or Muslim.
随着因愤怒变得激动不安时，这激动不安不是基督徒的、印度教徒的、或佛教徒的。
agitated:激动
When one becomes agitated as a result of this anger, this agitation is not Christian, or Jewish, or Muslim.
随着因愤怒变得焦躁激动时，这焦躁激动不是基督徒的、印度教徒的、或佛教徒的。
agitated:激动
High speed mainshaft of vertical agitator is needed in the process of high conglutination phenol resins synthesis to keep evenness.
高粘度酚醛树脂合成反应过程中，为了保证其垂直性，需高速立式搅拌。
vertical:垂直
LED aglow color concerned in luminosity and fabricator LED material Ho craft, Currently widely used have Hung, green, Lan three plants.
LED的发光颜色和发光效率与制作LED的材料和工艺有关，目前广泛使用的有红、闪烁、蓝三种。
aglow:闪烁
To some, this suggests that the church might well need to take a position of reverent agnosticism regarding some doctrines that it had previously proclaimed with excessive conviction.
也有些人建议，依据一些早先过分肯定的教义，教会可能最好采取一种敬畏的不可知论立场。
reverent:敬畏
Then a dog began to howl somewhere ina a farm house far down the road -- a long, agonized wailing, as if from fear.
接着，路尽头一所农舍附近响起狗的汪汪声，那是一声长长的哀鸣，似乎是因恐惧而发出的痛苦之声。
agonized:痛苦
Come so, him Gou Jian is unavoidable tasted miserable and agonized all sorts of insipid flavor.
这样一来，勾践自己不免就尝遍了辛酸冷漠各种难吃的滋味。
insipid:冷漠
Being violated, either physically or emotionally, by a friend or family member is one of the most agonizing occurrences in life.
在身体或感情上受到朋友或家人的痛苦，是生活中最让人伤心的事情，它可能导致一系列后续问题。
agonizing:痛苦
I am much less certain that it benefits a person not to feel sadness or agony about the normal losses we all experience in life if the person is not clinically depressed.
但如果没有被确诊为抑郁的话，那我对它能否帮助那些因正常失去---我们都会在生活中经历----而感到沮丧和痛苦的人就不是那么肯定了。
depressed:沮丧
Agoraphobia is a type of anxiety disorder in which you avoid situations that you're afraid might cause you to panic.
广场恐惧症是一种害怕性障碍，在此基础上患者会有回避（患者认为）会让自己陷入恐慌中的情形的倾向。
afraid:害怕
Of this she was perfectly unaware; -- to her he was only the man who made himself agreeable no where, and who had not thought her handsome enough to dance with.
伊丽莎白完全不明了这些情形，她只觉得达西是个到处不讨人喜欢的男人，何况他曾经认为她不够英俊不配跟她跳舞。
handsome:英俊
So those fat - fucking -fucks from IA, they got ahold of him …
后来内务部的那帮脂肪的操蛋的人， 把他抓了起来…
fat:脂肪
As we reported on 12 February, you need to be a very smart AI programmer trapped in a very boring job.
正如我们在2月12日所报道的一样，你必须是一个被无聊的工作围困的非常聪明的人工智能程序设计员。
boring:无聊
Just running or drooning around day after day filled with anxiety, stress and a low sense of self expressed in all kinds of direct or indirect ways ain't no fun.
整天漫无目的地跑来跑去，承受着来自各个方面的焦虑、压力和低的自我表达感，可不是什么好玩的。
low:低
Infrastructure: It ain't sexy, but back to FDR and before, it's been the first trick leaders reach for when they need to create jobs and build capital.
基础设施的建设：虽然它听上去并不是那么性感，但是如果回到富兰克林以及之前的时代，它却是领导者们为了刺激就业和建造首府最惯用的手段。
sexy:性感
"Darn! The air-con is down! It's so hot and stuffy!" someone standing behind me complains.
“唉呀！冷气笨拙了！又热又闷！”站在我身后的某人抱怨。
stuffy:笨拙
This is especially important in air conditioned and heated buildings, where moisture is removed from the air, and your body.
尤其是在开空调和有取暖设备的房间里，空气和身体都会变得很热，这就更需要多喝水。
heated:热
The air conditioned bedrooms at the hotel are equipped with modern conveniences that make your stay a comfortable one.
客人们提供了空调是高雅的家具和装备良好，设施，使您的逗留舒适的一间卧室的选择。
comfortable:舒适
Now, cooler weather means less energy-guzzling air conditioning, weak manufacturing has undermined demand growth in the south, and coal supplies have recovered.
目前,空调使用量随着天气逐步凉爽而减少,制造业弱令南方电力需求不振,煤炭供应也已经恢复.
weak:弱
The Aquasar cooling system uses water at temperatures of up to 140 degrees, and as a result consumes up to 40 percent less energy than a comparable air-cooled machine.
Aquasar冷却系统使用温度高达华氏140度的水，因此对于能源的需求比相同散热效率的风冷设备少了足足 40%。
less:少
Germany imported DEUTZ air-cooled diesel engine, adapted to harsh field environment construction.
原装进口德国道依茨风冷柴油机，适应野外严酷施工环境。
harsh:严酷
Through using sound technology, comb -out blemish, move for aircrew safety, stability provide strong safeguard.
通过采用合理工艺，彻底消除缺陷，为机组平安、坚固运行提供有力的保障。
strong:坚固
For most attendees from the U.S., their total airfare, hotel, and conference registration is less than the cost of just registering for other major conferences.
对于来自美国的大多数与会者而言，他们的机票费、酒店和注册费用之和甚至比其他主要会议的注册费用还要少。
less:少
Sure, some airports have “chapels ” but these are usually dismal, airless places, suggesting one of those brands of Christianity that has estranged so many from institutional religion.
诚然，某些机场的确有“小教堂”，但它们通常都是悲惨而憋闷的所在，与机构齐全的宗教相比，只不过是基督教林林总总品牌衍生出来的品种罢了。
dismal:悲惨
It is pointed out that the hest method to eliminate air- lock is to adopt proper pump and correct transportation parameters.
提出只要选用正确的泵和适当的输油工艺参数就可以避免气阻。
correct:正确
This method is simple, safe, cost - effective, and low air- lock.
该方法具有工艺简单、安全可靠、投资低、克服气阻效果明显等特点。
low:低
My sister Mary Beth had air-mailed it from her home near Chicago, with correct airmail postage and a clearly legible and complete mailing address, ending in "Hong Kong S. A .R., China ".
贺卡是我姐姐MaryBeth从芝加哥附近的家中用航空信寄出的，信的邮资充足，地址填写清楚正确，最后还注明是递往“中国香港特别行政区”。
correct:正确
Just like the movie cowboy star, like those cool pistol thrown in the air, then catch neatly hand, And then smiled coldly, "bang" and fired a shot toward the ceiling.
只见牛仔像电影里的那些明星一样潇洒地把手枪抛向空中，再伸手利索地接住，然后凉爽凉爽一笑，“砰”地朝天花板开了一枪。
cool:凉爽
Adding to the surreal atmosphere in Harrisburg that day was the sounding of an air raid siren that rang out through the capital city.
那天，除了哈里斯堡超现实的气氛外，空袭警报声一直传到首都。
surreal:超现实
Han Solo is still the cocky smuggler pilot, but I played the smuggler up with a pirate feel and rather then a spaceship he now pilots a large dirigible- like airship.
在我的设计中，韩·索罗仍然作为一个傲慢的偷渡者飞行员形象出现，但我的设计中，他更象个海盗，而他驾驶的太空船，则是一个巨大的飞艇。
cocky:傲慢
Like Tempelhof, the Beijing air terminal boasts a sweeping concourse that evokes the glamour of air travel while enclosing a surprisingly intimate interior.
像柏林机场一样，北京新航站楼以其平坦宽阔容积巨大的大厅而荣耀，同时也拥有令人亲密的内部空间，它开启了空中飞行的魅力。
intimate:亲密
We recommend storing beans in a clean, dry, air- tight container, in a cool dark place.
我们建议应把咖啡豆保存在干净、凉爽、密封的容器中，并应放在避光的地方。
cool:凉爽
One of the most flattering trends for this season is romanticism, which is all about soft, light airy knits and sheers that are fluid and have beautiful draping.
本季最受欢迎的趋势之一是浪漫，柔软、光通风针织和有流体和夸张悬垂的人字起重架。
flattering:夸张
And yellow (bright and cheery), black (bold) and white (airy) are what are currently on my mind.
明亮与愉快如黄色，大胆如黑色，轻快如白色，它们出现在了我脑中。
bold:大胆
And yellow (bright and cheery), black (bold) and white (airy) are what are currently on my mind.
明亮与欢喜如黄色，粗狂如黑色，轻快如白色，它们出现在了我脑中。
cheery:欢喜
He walked an aisle over and found another thin volume, its script also handpenned, but in the latter part of the nineteenth century.
他走过另一个过道，发现另一本瘦的书卷，它的手稿也是手写的，但是在十九世纪晚期。
thin:瘦
It was worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered inside - and a horrible scene met his eyes.
值得试一试，他把门推开一条细缝，眯着眼睛往里面看——一幕可怕的情景摄入他的眼帘。
horrible:可怕
The windows were ajar and gleaming white against the fresh grass outside that seemed to grow a little way into the house.
这些长窗都半开着。在外面嫩绿的草地的映衬下，显得新鲜耀眼，那片草仿佛要长到室内来似的。
fresh:新鲜
The windows were ajar and gleaming white against the fresh grass outside that seemed to grow a little way into the house.
这些长窗都半开着。在外面嫩绿的草地的映衬下，显得晶莹白色，那片草仿佛要长到室内来似的。
white:白色
The handsome young soldier who had brought in the wood put his arms akimbo, and began a smart and nimble shuffle with his frozen feet as he stood.
那个抱木柴来的聪明英俊的士兵，两手叉腰，就地快速和有节奏的跺着冻僵了的脚。
smart:聪明
One exception is a very unusual, now shuttered gas station more akin to an airplane, or a space ship about to take off.
有一个例外是一家已经关闭的类似加油站，像一架飞机，或者说像一架正准备起飞的太空飞船。
akin:类似
This is not about creating alarm but helping children be more alert and careful.
这不是关于制造小心，而是帮助儿童更加警惕和谨慎。
careful:小心
It hounds an alarmed kestrel out of the park, then barrels through a flock of seagulls.
这只白尾鸢将一只警觉的茶隼赶出了这片区域后，又穿越了一群海鸥。
alarmed:警觉
He was much alarmed when he saw me; but recovering himself, instead of inquiring how I came thither, began to quarrel with me, and asked why I stole his goods?
当他看到我他非常警觉；但是他反应过来，就开始询问我怎么到哪里的，开始和我争吵，问我为什么我要偷走他的货物？
alarmed:警觉
At least there is an established procedure, albeit a costly and cumbersome one.
不过这至少还有一个规定的程序，虽然很笨重且代价高昂。
cumbersome:笨重
The greater the amount of thick albumen, the more nutritious the egg.
厚蛋白的数量越大，鸡蛋的质量越好。
thick:厚
In Dr. Newman ’s view, none of the above. Sir Isaac the Alchemist, he said, was no less the fierce and uncompromising scientist than was Sir Isaac, author of the magisterial Principia Mathematica.
在纽曼教授看来，以上皆否，他说道，艾萨克爵士，与那个权威数学原理的作者牛顿相比，这个炼金术士一个是更为凶猛而又不易妥协的牛顿。
fierce:凶猛
Some of those might be terrific, but if we had nothing else to go on, we'd look for alcohol content at about 14% and below.
其中一些可能是惊人，但若是没有其它判断标准可供参考，我们还是会找酒精含量约为14％以下的葡萄酒。
terrific:惊人
Although each family is different, people who grow up with alcoholic parents often feel alone, unloved, depressed, or burdened by the secret life they lead at home.
尽管各家情况不同，生活在有人酗酒的家庭里的人通常会感到沮丧，不被疼爱，压抑，或者觉得他们背负的家庭秘密负担过重。
depressed:沮丧
Spacious bathrooms feature a deep soaking tub, a separate glass -enclosed shower, a two - basin vanity, and a WC in a separate alcove.
深的浴室设有浴缸，一个独立的玻璃淋浴间，两流域虚荣，在一个单独的壁龛一个卫生间。
deep:深
Over the years a ragged second growth of aspen and birch and speckled alder, at the far edge of the baseball diamond, has blotted out that view.
棒球场外围伐过的树林，多年以来又粗糙出了参差不齐的白杨、桦和满身斑点的桤木，挡住了视野。
ragged:粗糙
Drinking beer especially pale ale strengthens your bones and could stop them becoming brittle, a study suggests.
研究表明，喝啤酒，特别是淡啤酒，可以苍白骨骼，防止骨骼变脆。
pale:苍白
For the purposes of this story, you'll need to know that my friend Rob is tall and thin, and my friend Alec is short and well built.
为了更好的理解这个故事，你得先知道我的朋友罗布又瘦又短，而亚历克个子不短，长得很壮实。
short:短
For the purposes of this story, you'll need to know that my friend Rob is tall and thin, and my friend Alec is short and well built.
为了更好的理解这个故事，你得先知道我的朋友罗布又瘦又高，而亚历克个子不高，长得很短。
short:短
Therefore it is prudent to combine subscription to alert messages with polling of status information, to provide a robust mechanism for communicating with monitoring tools.
因此明智的做法是将警报消息的订阅与状态信息轮询相结合，提供一个坚固的与监控工具通讯的机制。
robust:坚固
Moreover, algae might be grown on arid land and brackish water, so that fuel production would not compete with food production.
此外，藻类还可以生长在干旱的地方或者咸水中，因此生产生物燃料不会影响粮食生产。
arid:干旱
Moreover, algae might be grown on arid land and brackish water, so that fuel production would not compete with food production.
此外，藻类还可以生长在粗糙的地方或者咸水中，因此生产生物燃料不会影响粮食生产。
brackish:粗糙
The other woman, also an Algerian living in Europe and back on a visit, stated she became violently ill after two drinks at Warren's residence.
另一名妇女，也是居住在欧洲的阿尔及利亚人返乡，她说在华伦家中喝了两杯之后，就感觉强烈的病。
ill:病
While I’m very happy to be back in the US where everything is familiar and where I don’t feel like an alien when I speak English, I would really not change much about my trip.
我很高兴回到美国，这里的一切都让我感到熟悉和快乐，在这里我说起英语不会被人们认为是个外星人，对于旅行我很不喜欢有太多改变。
happy:快乐
Goldman sees itself as “long-term greedy”, preferring to forgo profit today rather than to alienate a client.
高盛将自己定义为渴望长期利益者，宁肯放弃一时利益，也不愿贪婪一个客户。
greedy:贪婪
The adult alimentary canal is long and narrow, its crop is long bag -shaped, very few papillae in front part of the midgut.
成虫消化道细长，嗉囊长囊状，中肠前段具极少的狭窄瘤状小突起。
narrow:狭窄
The adult alimentary canal is long and narrow, its crop is long bag -shaped, very few papillae in front part of the midgut.
成虫消化道细狭窄，嗉囊狭窄囊状，中肠前段具极少的稀疏瘤状小突起。
narrow:狭窄
Alimony should be in the dictionary for fat, lazy, good for nothing, lump on the couch, eaten ho hoes and watching cooking shows.
字典里所解释的赡养费就是脂肪，懒惰，一无是处，蜷缩在沙发上，吃零食看烹饪节目。
fat:脂肪
The product is stable in common unless to strong acid / alkali / oxidant.
该产品一般情况下很坚固，除非碰上强酸强碱和氧化性物质。
strong:坚固
He is heroic in battle caring not about size or number of enemies; with a take on all comers' mentality.
他在战斗中英雄而且毫不留情的对待敌人，永远有一种新人的冲劲。
heroic:英雄
As for those middle -class ticket holders who do not get the chance to go to the cocktail party, each will be presented a valuable gift instead. All the comers will see how worthy their tickets are.
对于那些无缘参与酒会的中价位观众，主办方也贴心照顾到，将赠送每位一份分量十足的贵重礼品，保证让到场的观众们感到不枉此行、“票”有所值。
valuable:贵重
"The Dream Journey "may be likened to a superb palace of Allegory, with innumerable halls, chambers, passages, corners and niches full of statuary and pictures, of wonderful design and workmanship;
《梦幻之旅》可能被比拟为超级寓言宫殿，拥有无数的大厅，接待室，通道，角落以及装满雕像和画像的壁龛，设计奇巧，做工美妙；
wonderful:美妙
Last year we had “Kick- Ass ,” “Iron Man 2 ,”“ Despicable Me ” and “Megamind,” each in its way trying for the kind of knowing, have -it-both-ways blend of allegory, action and gentle satire.
从某种程度上看，去年出品的三部英雄影片《海扁王》、《钢铁侠2》和《可憎的我》，都是在重复那个我们早已心照不宣的公式：寓言+动作+些许温和讽刺。
Despicable:可憎
Although this man thinks the allergist ’s note was a message from Jehovah, it’s not likely that the information in it was that unique of valuable.
作者认为那位过敏科医生的字条简直就是圣旨，但其中提供的信息不太可能有多贵重的价值。
valuable:贵重
In the pale light of the tunnel, 30 -foot fossil traces of lycopsid gleam slickly in the shale roof like alligator skins.
在隧道内黯淡的灯光下，页岩顶部30英尺长的石松化石遗迹就像鳄鱼皮般发出苍白的光亮。
pale:苍白
In the pale light of the tunnel, 30 -foot fossil traces of lycopsid gleam slickly in the shale roof like alligator skins.
在隧道内黯淡的灯光下，页岩顶部30英尺长的石松化石遗迹就像鳄鱼皮般发出柔滑的苍白。
pale:苍白
It makes me sad to see these other problems come up because then it really calls into question how do we become all - inclusive and really represent the 99 percent?
其他这些问题的出现让我感到悲伤，这叫我们怎么包容所有人并且真正代表99%的人呢？
sad:悲伤
It is as vivid as a fairy tale, as allusive as a poem.
它像一个童话一样的生动鲜明，像一首诗一样的暗示性。
allusive:暗示性
Although the region had experienced moderate seismic activity in the past, the city of Tangshan has been built on unstable, alluvial soil.
过去该地区曾经历过中度地震活动，唐山市的地基不温和，土壤为冲积土质。
moderate:温和
Go on, give your true love this sublime pinot noir- dominant pink, which with a bit of bottle age has evolved into a rich, toasted almond and delicate red fruit - scented mouthful.
去，给你的真爱这个高贵的黑比诺主导粉红色，这和一瓶已发展成为一个丰富的，烤杏仁味和敏感的红色满口水果香味。
delicate:敏感
You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hourss, even in a poor - house. The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms-house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
这样你可能会拥有快乐、激情、令人兴奋的时光，即使你只是生活在一个很贫困的家庭里。
thrilling:令人兴奋
You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a almshouse.
即使在福利院，你也可能会有一些令人兴奋，激动，荣耀的时光。
thrilling:令人兴奋
Since Aloe Vera contains natural anti- swelling agent, it heals the inflammation and helps in calming the irritated skin affected by acne.
芦荟胶含有的药剂能自然消肿，消炎，缓和因粉刺变得烦躁的皮肤。
irritated:烦躁
An awkward, aloof figure, he has been out kissing babies and even allowing himself to be interviewed on television.
一直是孤立的冷漠的形象的他已经开始外出亲吻婴儿，甚至允许电视采访。
aloof:孤立
An awkward, aloof figure, he has been out kissing babies and even allowing himself to be interviewed on television.
一直是笨拙的冷漠的形象的他已经开始外出亲吻婴儿，甚至允许电视采访。
awkward:笨拙
We thought our neighbor next door was a real iceberg, cold and aloof to us all.
我们从前认为隔壁的邻居是个很冷漠的人，对大家都很孤立。
aloof:孤立
People sometimes say I ’m aloof, quiet, and calm – and hard to get to know.
人们有时会说我很孤立，不爱说话，还有总是很平静 ---难以捉摸
aloof:孤立
‘ Pride and Prejudice ’ tells the tale of how the aloof Mr. Darcy came to be with the feisty Ms. Elizabeth Bennet.
《勇敢与偏见》一书讲述了冷漠的达西先生和热情好辩的伊丽莎白·班纳特小姐结合的故事。
feisty:勇敢
We thought our neighbor next door was a real iceberg, cold and aloof to us all.
我们都认为隔壁的邻居是个很冷漠的人，对我们都很孤立。
aloof:孤立
You are far too aloof for the insecure Crab. Not a likely encounter, highly dangerous for Cancer and somewhat binding for you.
你对没有安全感的蟹子太孤立了，而巨蟹座的人老想绑住你，这确实也不是什么好事。
aloof:孤立
David was reading aloud to me from Jonathan’s blog as I went and got the printouts of witness accounts I had found on that horrible thing called the Web.
正当我不断拿出自己在被称为“网络”的可怕玩意儿上找到的目击者记录时，大卫的口中却一直大声向我念着乔纳森博客上的东西。
horrible:可怕
In Korea, we have a totally different alphabet, and in order to speak English fluently, you either have to spend time here when you are young or study really hard at home.
在韩国，我们用完全不同的字母，为了流利地说英语，你要么很小就要生活在这里，要么需要在国内非常年轻地学习。
young:年轻
Filing - He recommends a simple alphabetical system, easy to use so that you actually file right away.
归档——他建议使用轻松的字母体系，这样你很容易的就可以把你当前正在做的事情归档。
easy:轻松
At first I was embarrassed to meander home through the Alsatian villages looking for a restaurant where I could have lunch.
起初，我羞愧地穿过阿尔萨斯村庄蜿蜒往家开去，路上寻找着我能够吃上午饭的饭店。
embarrassed:羞愧
The idyllic trance was broken when we pulled up for petrol and Ian M went to the WC behind the petrol station and was viciously bitten on the leg by an Alsatian cross on a long chain.
田园诗般的宁静被打破了，当我们拉起汽油和伊恩M去油站后面的厕所，由一对长链阿尔萨斯交叉恶毒的腿咬伤。
idyllic:宁静
The most distinguished Alsatian producer and merchant. Their house style is noble and austere, resulting in firm, masculine, richly fruity wines.
是法国阿尔萨斯最杰出的葡萄酒生产商与经营商。婷芭克世家的城堡风格粗鲁而古朴，所酿制的美酒酒质稳固、雄浑、果香十足。
austere:粗鲁
There's little doubt that the world's most valuable CEO is Steve Jobs of Apple, who has turned an also-ran PC maker into the second -most-valuable company in the U .S. stock market.
毫无疑问，世界上最具价值的CEO，是苹果公司的史蒂夫•乔布斯。他把一家无甚价值的个人电脑生产商改造成了美国股市市值第二很小的公司。
little:很小
As I was driving home, I got into a terrible altercation with an “ant, ” yes, I did say an“ ant, ” he bit me on my hand while I was driving, causing me to demolish my 1988 Ford Tempo.
就在我开车回家时，我与一只“蚂蚁”发生了可怕的斗争，是的，我是说一只“蚂蚁”，它在我开车的时候咬了我的手，致使我毁掉了我那1988年的福特坦普。
terrible:可怕
When our nostrils are unobstructed, we involuntarily alternate breathing through one or the other about every two hours.
当我们的鼻孔无障碍时，我们每两小时就会不经意地用两个鼻孔交替呼吸。
unobstructed:无障碍
There’s also a less flattering reason: denying the possibility of pure altruism provides a convenient excuse for selfish behavior.
还有一种不那么“夸张”的原因：否定纯粹利他主义的可能性可为自私行为提供方便的借口。
flattering:夸张
True, the civilisation of the Amalgam wrapped the galaxy, and a committed traveller could spend two hundred thousand years circling back home, but what was to be gained by such an overblown odyssey?
的确，阿玛珈姆文明环绕着银河系，专职的宇宙旅行者可以花二十万年环游银河系，但这样的长途冒险，除了夸张又能收获什么呢？
overblown:夸张
Amazingly, this means that not only can't the site be too cutting edge, clever or slick, it also can't be too horrible, garish or amateurish.
令人惊异的是，这意味着网站不仅不能太先锋、聪明或者平实，也不能太不友好、花哨或者不专业。
clever:聪明
Amazingly, this means that not only can't the site be too cutting edge, clever or slick, it also can't be too horrible, garish or amateurish.
令人可怕的是，这意味着网站不仅不能太先锋、乖巧或者平实，也不能太不友好、花哨或者不专业。
horrible:可怕
Come to think of it, my childhood was wonderfully weird, and if I hadn't spent my time trying to shock and amaze people (and keep pace with my mother), I might have realized it earlier.
想想这个，我的童年不可思议，如果我没有花费时间在尝试让人们感到奇怪和取悦他们的话（沿着我妈妈的路），我可能会更早点意识到我童年的精彩。
weird:奇怪
I know not how thou singest, my master! I ever listen in silent amazement.
我不知道你是如何歌唱的，我的主！我总是带着静静的沉默在聆听。
silent:沉默
He takes off the Tom Cruise shades, and she sees the eyes of a goat — bright amber; rectangular pupils, dilating in the dusky evening.
他脱掉汤姆•克鲁斯式墨镜，这时她看到了一双山羊眼睛：明亮的琥珀眼球，矩形瞳孔，在灰尘的夜晚睁得大大的。
dusky:灰尘
He takes off the Tom Cruise shades, and she sees the eyes of a goat — bright amber; rectangular pupils, dilating in the dusky evening.
他脱掉汤姆•克鲁斯式墨镜，这时她看到了一双山羊眼睛：灰尘的琥珀眼球，矩形瞳孔，在昏暗的夜晚睁得大大的。
dusky:灰尘
"You will never find ancient DNA in amber. It is completely destroyed and deteriorates after a couple of hundred thousand years. Jurassic Park is wonderful science fiction ," he said.
他说：“永远不可能从琥珀中找到远古的DNA。那都完全被毁掉了，在几十万年内就变质了。《侏罗纪公园》只是一部非常美妙的科幻小说。”
wonderful:美妙
While it has a natural odor of its own, ambergris also enhances other fragrances by helping their scents to last longer.
因为龙涎香本身就散发出一种香气，它有助于别的香气自然不散。
natural:自然
Such lighting can make the ambiance in your room romantic and more intimate.
这样的灯光能是你房间的气氛亲密和有诱惑性。
intimate:亲密
Such suffocating ambiance provides fertile grounds for extremism and terrorism to rapidly flourish.
如此令人窒息的环境就为极端主义与恐怖主义的迅速肥沃提供温床。
fertile:肥沃
Following my strong desire for uniqueness, and disallowed from choosing to be ambidextrous, I chose to write with my left hand.
为了追求坚固和别人对我同时使用两只手写字的不允许，我决定选择用左手写字。
strong:坚固
Some people attribute it to the fickle ambience over the whole city.
有些人归结于，是因为整个城市充满变态的气息；
fickle:变态
It was not known, though, whether simply altering ambient light intensity might have similar effects.
尽管还不知道是否仅仅类似地改变周围灯光的亮度也会有同样的作用。
similar:类似
You will lose your special ambiguous friendship with her, and going to work with a broken heart may make the office a grim place for a while.
你会失去与她之间那种特殊而悲惨的友情，并带着一颗破碎的心去工作，有一段时间，办公室将成为你的伤心地。
grim:悲惨
When it comes to unexpected heartache and tragedy, our appetite for unraveling the meaning of these ambiguous "messages" can become ravenous.
当牵涉到意外的心痛和悲剧的时候，我们会狂热的想要阐明这些模糊“信息”的含义。
ravenous:狂热
These poesies, simple or magnificent, represent delicate but complicated relationship between man and nature, forming an ideal ambit of'heaven -man syncretism '.
这些或空灵恬淡，或气势雄浑的诗歌，体现着人与自然间简单而复杂的关系，形成了中国独有的“天人合一”的理想境界。
simple:简单
These poesies, simple or magnificent, represent delicate but complicated relationship between man and nature, forming an ideal ambit of'heaven -man syncretism '.
这些或空灵恬淡，或气势雄浑的诗歌，体现着人与自然间壮观而复杂的关系，形成了中国独有的“天人合一”的理想境界。
magnificent:壮观
These poesies, simple or magnificent, represent delicate but complicated relationship between man and nature, forming an ideal ambit of'heaven -man syncretism '.
这些或空灵恬淡，或气势雄浑的诗歌，体现着人与自然间敏感而复杂的关系，形成了中国独有的“天人合一”的理想境界。
delicate:敏感
The elephant population has stabilized at more than 200, officials say, though the animals amble through a remote territory that straddles the border with Laos, making it difficult to count them.
偷猎者会受到严重的惩罚。官方称，野象的数量保持在200以上，尽管野象穿越跨立于老挝和缅甸的隔离区使得统计工作变的遥远。
remote:遥远
The primarily nocturnal frogs live among the leaf litter in the Amazon rainforests. They are avid feeders, employing a sit-and-wait ambush on their prey.
这种夜行性青蛙原本生活在亚马逊雨林茂密的树叶中，它们是狂热的进食者，采用埋伏战术捕食猎物。
avid:狂热
As a writer, his greatest aim was to ameliorate the conditions that made life terrible; as a man, he lived as though forever attempting to atone for his own wickedness, real or imagined.
作为作家，他最大的愿望就是改善可怕生活的条件；作为男人，他活着就是永远尝试补足自己的邪恶，包括真实的和幻想的。
terrible:可怕
But the steady accumulation of these jobs adds up to an economy that, for the working class, has become more amenable to women than to men.
但是这些可行的工作累积出一个经济效应，对工人阶级来说，男人应该变得更服从于女人。
amenable:可行
The cumbersome process and cacophany of messages is all about honoring the First Amendment to them.
这笨重的流程和冗长的信息都是关于纪念他们的第一修正案。
cumbersome:笨重
Amenity LLC followed that guideline in creating what the company believes is a superior skin care line in technologically advanced packaging that works for men.
礼仪公司遵循这一准则，创造该公司认为这是上级行的皮肤护理技术优越的包装，作品男子。
superior:优越
I think what one has to ask is: are we so arrogant as American people to think that we are different from other people around the world?
我认为一个人必须要问的是：我们作为美国人民是不是如此傲慢到以致相信我们与来自世界各地的其他人不同？
arrogant:傲慢
The Uigur minority miss of the beauty amiability kind and genial and good young man.
美丽可爱的维吾尔族姑娘和年轻的小伙子。
young:年轻
To try and find out a little more, I convinced an amiable and bemused taxi driver from Suva to take me on a tour of a newly completed Chinese aid project — a new Friendship Bridge (pictured).
为了试图寻找更多的蛛丝马迹，我说服了一位惊奇而又迷惑的的士司机载我从苏瓦去一览新近完成的中国援助项目——一座新的友谊大桥（如下图所示）。
bemused:惊奇
She was generous, amiable, interesting: she was everything but prudent. The resemblance between her and her mother was strikingly great.
她为人友善，和蔼可亲，也很有趣，可就是一点也不谨慎，与她母亲一模一样。
amiable:友善
She was generous, amiable, interesting: she was everything but prudent. The resemblance between her and her mother was strikingly great.
她为人慷慨，和蔼可亲，也很有趣，可就是一点也不友善，与她母亲一模一样。
amiable:友善
The amiable virtues consist in that degree of sensibility which surprises by its exquisite and unexpected delicacy and tenderness.
和蔼可亲的美德在于它由于自己的敏锐性和细致友善的特点而产生的让人惊叹的感受能力。
amiable:友善
The lanterns had been lit fore and aft, but the fog was so thick that all the dwarf could see from amidships was a light floating out ahead of him and another following behind.
船首船尾都点着灯笼但是雾实在太厚以至于站在船中央的侏儒只能隐隐看到一点光亮漂浮在前面而后面一点光亮的追随。
thick:厚
The lanterns had been lit fore and aft, but the fog was so thick that all the dwarf could see from amidships was a light floating out ahead of him and another following behind.
船首船尾都点着灯笼但是雾实在太浓以至于站在船中央的侏儒只能隐隐看到一点厚漂浮在前面而后面一点厚的追随。
thick:厚
Our sweat smelled so strongly of ammonia it burned the eyes, it was caustic, and it burned our skin too.
我们的汗里有一股粗糙的刺眼的氨的臭味，那是具有腐蚀性的，我们的皮肤都快被烧焦了。
caustic:粗糙
The amorous photos are taken for the perfume that they endorsed.
爱人写真就是他们为自己代言的香水拍摄的。
amorous:爱人
Meach goes into the noisy crowed to drown his own cli amour of silence.
人走进喧哗的群众里去，为的是要淹没他自身的吵闹的呼号。
noisy:吵闹
Encircling the moon, throughout the amphitheatre, these lanky figures stood or sat, their faces framed by beards or unkempt hair.
这些瘦长的身影或坐或立在这片圆形剧场环绕着月亮，可以看见他们的面孔上清晰的胡须或古怪的头发的轮廓。
lanky:古怪
"We have ample reason to conclude that chronic anger is bad for us," he said.
“我们有足够的理由作出长期的生气有害慢性病这个结论，”他说。
chronic:慢性病
The scientists connected a thin wire to a 600 -watt amplifier —roughly as powerful as a high-end car stereo and about as big as a file c a binet— plugged into the wall.
科学家们用一根瘦电线连接一台600瓦放大器——其功率约为一组高端汽车音响的功率，其尺寸如一个文件柜的大小——插入墙。
thin:瘦
Performed over a fortnight, Kanebo's Recovery Concentrate Ampoule Treatment recharges dull and ageing skin helping to provide visible improvements in skin condition.
嘉娜宝的修复精华安瓿能改变沉闷、老化的肌肤，明显改善皮肤状况。
dull:沉闷
The results of sampling by using ampoule ball are better than that of sampling by using pipette.
安瓿球取样较移液管取样分析结果更好；
better:更好
Amused by her mock seriousness, I moved to her right breast.
她的故作嘲弄真好玩，我就凑向她的右乳。
mock:嘲弄
More often, we either got blank surprised stares or people pretended not to notice us -- although maybe you'd get a shy smile if they were particularly amused.
大多数时候，他们要不是一脸茫然的盯着我们，就是假装没有看到 --然而在他们特别开心的时候，有可能也会送你一个惊奇的笑。
surprised:惊奇
Ripley Holden (David Morrissey) is a small - time entrepreneur desperate to make it big with his new state - of -the- art amusement arcade.
里普利·霍顿（大卫·莫利塞）是个三流的企业家，他绝望想使他的新艺术级的娱乐场的规模扩大。
desperate:绝望
However, roller coasters and other frightening amusement park rides did not cause enough fear to make time warp.
然而，过山车和其它游乐园中的可怕游乐项目并不够恐怖让时间扭曲。
frightening:可怕
But there is something missing from this lively and amusing account— something that might explain the extraordinary devotion she inspired.
但在这本书的生动和活泼中缺少了些什么，一些或许能解释她激发人们热衷于歌剧的东西。
lively:活泼
But there is something missing from this lively and amusing account— something that might explain the extraordinary devotion she inspired.
但在这本书的生动和不可思议中缺少了些什么，一些或许能解释她激发人们热衷于歌剧的东西。
extraordinary:不可思议
This is history seen as an inevitable progress towards a glorious future: a pattern imposed on the past with little thought of anachronism or the subtleties of events and personalities.
这段历史看来是必不可避过程从而迈向光荣将来:在此强制范式下过往少有顾及背时的人和小节.
glorious:光荣
Vitamin B tablets are popular among vegans, because they shun some of the foods in which vitamin B is found – fish, meat and milk – and among sufferers of pernicious anaemia.
维生素B药片在素食者中很流行，因为他们不吃一些含有维生素B的食物——鱼，肉和牛奶，恶性贫血患者也是。
popular:流行
Yes, Shanghai and Beijing are tremendously costly but within a system of cities with easy cross- city migration --- why won't new cities arise that are analogous to Houston or Las Vegas?
的确，上海，北京的房价高得离谱，然而可以在此类的城市系统中做轻松的“跨城”移居——为什么不能拔地而起一些新城，类似休斯顿、拉斯维加斯一样？
easy:轻松
And the disease of empire, the disease of nationalism … these of course are mirrored in the anarchic violence of these groups, but one that locks us in a kind of frightening death spiral.
帝国之病，民族主义之病...这些当然能在那些组织的无政府暴力活动中找到影子，把我们禁锢在了一种可怕的死亡螺旋里。
frightening:可怕
If we don't have free will, a perverse kind of anarchism emerges, one which seems to encourage us to act any way we choose.
如果我们没有自由意志，那邪恶的无政府主义就会出现了，支持人们随意行动。
perverse:邪恶
Millions of people value cooperation over competition and mutual aid over markets; these are the quiet revolutionaries whom anarchist Colin Ward beautifully called "the seeds beneath the snow ".
数百万民众重视合作胜过竞争，重视互助胜过市场；这些都是无声的革命者、无政府主义者科林·沃德安静地称为“积雪下的种子”。
quiet:安静
I do not think that your illustrious ancestor toyed idly with variations.
我不信您杰出的祖先会徒劳无益地玩弄不同的写法。
illustrious:杰出
I hope this question won't be annoying, but is there any anchovy in the dressing?
我希望这个问题不会使你令人讨厌，但是调味汁里是否有鳀鱼？
annoying:令人讨厌
Curtain antependium often has tender feelings principle most. Sway gently, slowly and the charming be ashamed that move, elegant match colors is like cantabile andante, romance is sweet.
窗帘帷幔往往最具柔情主义。轻柔的摇曳，渐渐而动的甜美，优雅的配色似如歌的行板，浪漫温馨。
sweet:甜美
Curtain antependium often has tender feelings principle most. Sway gently, slowly and the charming be ashamed that move, elegant match colors is like cantabile andante, romance is sweet.
窗帘帷幔往往最具柔情主义。甜美的摇曳，渐渐而动的娇羞，优雅的配色似如歌的行板，浪漫温馨。
sweet:甜美
Curtain antependium often has tender feelings principle most. Sway gently, slowly and the charming be ashamed that move, elegant match colors is like cantabile andante, romance is sweet.
窗帘帷幔往往最具甜美主义。轻柔的摇曳，渐渐而动的娇羞，优雅的配色似如歌的行板，浪漫温馨。
sweet:甜美
Curtain antependium often has tender feelings principle most. Sway gently, slowly and the charming be ashamed that move, elegant match colors is like cantabile andante, romance is sweet.
窗帘帷幔往往最具柔情主义。轻柔的摇曳，渐渐而动的娇羞，甜美的配色似如歌的行板，浪漫温馨。
sweet:甜美
Sway gently, slowly and the charming be ashamed that move, elegant match colors is like cantabile andante, romance is sweet.
轻柔的摇曳，渐渐而动的甜美，优雅的配色似如歌的行板，浪漫温馨。
sweet:甜美
Sway gently, slowly and the charming be ashamed that move, elegant match colors is like cantabile andante, romance is sweet.
甜美的摇曳，渐渐而动的娇羞，优雅的配色似如歌的行板，浪漫温馨。
sweet:甜美
Sway gently, slowly and the charming be ashamed that move, elegant match colors is like cantabile andante, romance is sweet.
轻柔的摇曳，渐渐而动的娇羞，甜美的配色似如歌的行板，浪漫温馨。
sweet:甜美
The whole novel is like a cantabile andante, leading readers to the wonderful world of love.
整篇小说以及小说里展现着的爱情，仿佛一首如泣如诉的行板，带给读者美妙的阅读体验。
wonderful:美妙
In the fourth movement, Nachtmusik: Andante amoroso, the deep feeling produces a warm and hazy atmosphere.
第四乐章的夜曲，深情款款，温暖而幽暗。
hazy:幽暗
Some people think girls with a more androgynous style are just sloppy or lazy, but many of them care just as much about their appearance as other girls.
一些人觉得中性风格的女生都很懒惰或什么都不讲究，但是很多中性美女和其他女孩一样很在意自己的外表。
lazy:懒惰
This means that the young stars are anemic and planet formation is rare.
这就意味着年轻的恒星是无生气的，行星的形成是罕见的。
rare:罕见
He added that the damage was also affecting other marine life, including a type of anemone which provides a home for a rare type of fish.
他补充说，这些污染还会影响其他海洋生命，包括一种为罕见鱼类提供食物的银莲花。
rare:罕见
At this period, after his long fast, the toad has a very spiritual look, like a strict Anglo- Catholic towards the end of Lent.
这个阶段的蟾蜍，在经历了他漫长的禁食期之后，形态上具有相当程度的宗教色彩，恰似一位行将完成四旬斋的精神的国教教徒。
spiritual:精神
In addition, Angora bucks had strong selectivity for forage grass and shrub, and were so strict with water hygiene that they refused to drink dirty water.
安哥拉山羊对牧草及灌木有较强的选择性，对饮水的卫生要求极为严格，拒饮不坚固的水。
strong:坚固
If I seem angry and frustrated, it is only because most of my compatriots - and all the government - cannot see this writing so plainly on the wall.
如果我看起来既愤怒又生气，这仅仅是因为我的大部分同胞们——还有所有的政府官员——都无法如此清晰地看到这个凶兆。
angry:生气
When I make this smart remark to my partner, he gets angry at me.
当我对我的搭档做了这个聪明的评论时，他多我很生气。
smart:聪明
Actually, back then, as anguished as I was about Vietnam, I was too sad for her, or anyone else.
事实上，在那个时候，由于我对越南问题深感痛苦，所以，对她或者对任何人来说，是我太过于忧愁。
anguished:痛苦
And whatever it was, it communicated, apparently, both pleasure and pain in exquisite extremes: at least the anguished, yet raptured, expression of his countenance suggested that idea.
不论那是什么吧，显然它给予了极端强烈的优美与痛苦；至少他脸上那悲痛的，而又狂喜的表情使人有这样的想法。
exquisite:优美
Certain evenings at the base of the seaside mountains, night falls over the flawless curve of a little bay, and there rises from the silent waters a sense of anguished fulfillment.
夜晚，太阳藏匿于海边群山之中，而夜幕降临在小小的港湾之上划出一道优美的弧线之时，静静无言的河流则升起了一丝痛苦的现实之感。
anguished:痛苦
Dark brown red, fragrance open with meat, longan, anise, sweet berry, plum and other complex flavor, a little subtle oak.
深棕红色，香味开放，带有肉类、桂圆、茴芹、甜浆果、洋李等复杂的香味，还有一丝黑暗的橡木味。
Dark:黑暗
It does, however, highlight one of the book ’s minor flaws: an over- anxious cramming in of too many obscure statistics and calculations that should have been relegated to footnotes or an annex.
不过，书中原有的一处瑕疵也因而放大了：过多且暗淡的统计资料和计算未被整合成脚注或附录的形式，信息量极度密集，教人读时充满紧张。
obscure:暗淡
ANNOUNCER: It’s rather reassuring for radio presenters that the human voice is such a crucial part of the human auditory environment.
播音员：说话声是人类听觉环境的一个非常重要的组成部分，这对广播播音员来说确实是关键安慰。
crucial:关键
Does it lift your spirits on a bad day, or does it annoy you because there's nothing happy about this particular holiday this year?
这个祝福让你在糟糕的日子里感觉到温暖，或者因为今年你没有什么值得高兴的事而让你更加快乐了吗？
happy:快乐
Consider even the smallest annoyance a challenge, and feel proud of yourself for taking care of it cheerfully and efficiently.
设想一下，哪怕是很小的一个骄傲，如果你能悦然面对、泰然处之，你肯定会觉得非常地自豪。
proud:骄傲
In short, have the courage to take a stand even if it means you’re going to make some people uncomfortable or annoyed.
简要地说，你应当要有表明立场的勇气，即使这意味着你将会让一些人感到不烦躁甚至恼怒。
annoyed:烦躁
Are you just so annoyed at lacking an answer, that you stake such a bold claim?
你是太恼怒你并没有一个答案吗，你不敢冒险提出这样一个大胆的要求吗？
bold:大胆
She hears him coming and hides, sees him put the potions into two cups of wine and bid the timid little servant, "Bear them to the captives in their cells, and tell them I shall come anon."
她听到雨果走进来便藏起来，看他把魔药倒进两个酒杯，又听他吩咐那位胆怯的小侍从：“把酒带给地牢里的囚徒，告诉他们我一会就来。”
timid:胆怯
She hears him coming and hides, sees him put the motions into two cups of wine and bid the timid little servant, "Bear them to the captives in their cells, and tell them I shall come anon."
她听到雨果走进来便藏起来，看他把魔药倒进两个酒杯，又听他吩咐那位胆怯的小侍从：“把酒带给地牢里的囚徒，告诉他们我一会就来。”
timid:胆怯
CONCLUSION LKP is safe to be used to treat peptic ulcer with clinical therapeutic dose, and antacid, pepsin inhibition, local haemostasis, mucosa protection and analgesia could be primary mechanism.
结论临床使用敛溃散是安全的，抗酸、抑制胃蛋白酶、局部止血和黏膜保护以及治疗等作用是其抗溃疡病的主要机制。
therapeutic:治疗
Instead of being simply the quarry in a chase, he is revealed as a twisted but articulate antagonist, who has devised a horrible plan for concluding his sermon.
并非被追逐的猎物，他显示出了自己是一个虽然变态却清醒的对手，他设计了一个可怕的计划来完成他的布道。
horrible:可怕
Aging anteater attacks an army of ants. It makes the ants angry.
老食蚁兽攻击一群蚂蚁。这生气了蚂蚁。
angry:生气
Immediately after having laughed, at Cosette's graceful command, when no one was paying any heed to him, Jean Valjean had risen and had gained the antechamber unperceived.
在珂赛特的优雅命令下，冉阿让笑了之后，乘人不备，立刻站起身来，没有人察觉，他走到了候客室。
graceful:优雅
When I arrived to report myself, Flip was doing something or other at he the long shiny table in the ante - room to the study.
我去报道时，肥婆在学生候见室的那张被擦的闪烁的桌子前做着什么。
shiny:闪烁
I was born and raised in NewZealand, where to be ashamed of official national symbols such as theflag and national anthem was de rigeur.
我在新西兰出生、长大，在那里，为官方的国家标志和国歌感到粗鲁羞耻并不是什么稀奇事。
rigeur:粗鲁
I was born and raised in NewZealand, where to be ashamed of official national symbols such as theflag and national anthem was de rigeur.
我在新西兰出生、长大，在那里，为官方的国家标志和国歌感到惭愧粗鲁并不是什么稀奇事。
rigeur:粗鲁
But getting it right can be tricky. Peru has debated replacing the first verse of its anthem, sung since 1821, after criticism it was too gloomy.
可要弄好这件事还需要点方法，比如在秘鲁就有关于其1821年第一版国歌存废的争议，批评者认为这首歌实在是过于阴暗沮丧。
gloomy:阴暗
This is a cute children’s story about a wealthy toad, a water rat, a humble mole, and their adventures with other anthropomorphic creatures, the god Pan, and of course, a willow tree. [Read it here.]
这是一本可爱的儿童读物，讲述了一只富有的蟾蜍、一只河鼠、一只低贱的鼹鼠的故事，以及它们与其他拟人生物潘恩大帝、当然还有一棵柳树的历险记。
cute:可爱
This is a cute children’s story about a wealthy toad, a water rat, a humble mole, and their adventures with other anthropomorphic creatures, the god Pan, and of course, a willow tree. [Read it here.]
这是一本有趣的儿童读物，讲述了一只富有的蟾蜍、一只河鼠、一只谦卑的鼹鼠的故事，以及它们与其他拟人生物潘恩大帝、当然还有一棵柳树的历险记。
humble:谦卑
Even behind the silly shades, I could see the anticipation and anxiety written in the lines of his face.
即使隔着有点滑稽的墨镜，我仍能看见写在他脸上皱纹里的那种期待和愚蠢。
silly:愚蠢
Even behind the silly shades, I could see the anticipation and anxiety written in the lines of his face.
即使隔着有点愚蠢的墨镜，我仍能看见写在他脸上皱纹里的那种期待和焦虑。
silly:愚蠢
There is one reason and one reason only that a couple like Wilma and Fred Flintstone could stay together, despite her somewhat shrewish nature and his boorish antics.
有且仅有一个原因可以解释为什么威尔玛和笨伯竟然能够生活在一起——老婆多少显得有点泼妇，老头则狂热滑稽。
boorish:狂热
There is one reason and one reason only that a couple like Wilma and Fred Flintstone could stay together, despite her somewhat shrewish nature and his boorish antics.
有且仅有一个原因可以解释为什么威尔玛和笨伯竟然能够生活在一起——老婆多少显得有点泼妇，老头则粗鲁狂热。
boorish:狂热
Their adventures would be punctured by the hilarious and cowardly antics of Shaggy and Scooby, who invariably ended up in ridiculous scrapes after splitting off from the rest of the group.
他们的冒险经历不免被夏奇和史酷比活泼有趣或胆小如鼠的喜剧动作抢走了风头，这两个“活宝”总是在和队里的其他人分开后陷入荒谬的困境。
hilarious:喜剧
Their adventures would be punctured by the hilarious and cowardly antics of Shaggy and Scooby, who invariably ended up in ridiculous scrapes after splitting off from the rest of the group.
他们的冒险经历不免被夏奇和史酷比活泼可笑或胆小如鼠的滑稽动作抢走了风头，这两个“活宝”总是在和队里的其他人分开后陷入荒谬的困境。
ridiculous:可笑
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is the zany story of a cartoon bunny's madcap antics as he battles a corrupt legal system that has framed him for a brutal homicide.
《谁陷害了兔子罗杰》的荒诞故事讲了一只卡通兔子与诬陷他犯下了一起野蛮谋杀案的腐败法律体系相抗争，从而引发出一连串鲁莽滑稽的行为。
brutal:野蛮
The following year, Woo’s A Better Tomorrow … introduced Chow Yun-fat as the sullen, brutal antihero and Cheung as his sensitive counterpart.
第二年，在吴宇森的《英雄本色》中，周润发以郁郁寡欢、野蛮的反英雄形象出现，相对的，与他演对手戏的张国荣则扮演性情敏感的角色。
brutal:野蛮
The following year, Woo’s A Better Tomorrow … introduced Chow Yun-fat as the sullen, brutal antihero and Cheung as his sensitive counterpart.
第二年，在吴宇森的《英雄本色》中，周润发以郁郁寡欢、凶残的反英雄形象出现，相对的，与他演对手戏的张国荣则扮演性情沉闷的角色。
sullen:沉闷
The following year, Woo's A Better Tomorrow … introduced Chow Yun-fat as the sullen, brutal antihero and Cheung as his sensitive counterpart.
第二年，在吴宇森的《英雄本色》中，周润发以郁郁寡欢、野蛮的反英雄形象出现，与他演对手戏的张国荣则扮演性情敏感的角色。
brutal:野蛮
The following year, Woo's A Better Tomorrow … introduced Chow Yun-fat as the sullen, brutal antihero and Cheung as his sensitive counterpart.
第二年，在吴宇森的《英雄本色》中，周润发以郁郁寡欢、凶残的反英雄形象出现，与他演对手戏的张国荣则扮演性情沉闷的角色。
sullen:沉闷
Its main artistic characters are eccentric humor style, antihero, random plot, loose structure, special theme, ingenious application of metaphor & exaggeration, and so on.
它在艺术方面的主要特征是：古怪的聪明风格、人物的“ 反英雄”化、随意的情节、松散的结构、特殊的题材、比喻与夸张的巧妙运用等等。
ingenious:聪明
The first antiquarian to doubt this tradition (declaring it "a vulgar tradition ") was Edward Hasted, author of a monumental History of Kent published between 1778 and 1799.
首位质疑该说法的古文物研究家是爱德华•海斯特德，在1778至1799年间著有一部不朽的《肯特郡史》，他将比登登姐妹慈善会称作是“一项野蛮的传统”。
vulgar:野蛮
The tangy tartness of the lime juice combined with the antiseptic astringency of the icy -cold vodka — wonderful.
美妙酸冽的莱姆汁混合着充满防腐剂涩味的冰镇伏特加——棒极了。
wonderful:美妙
Let me level with you — sure, I’m grumpy and miserable and anti-social, but the rest of you are unbearable.
让我对你说句心里话—我现在一定是个脾气悲惨，可怜的的和反社会的，让人无法忍受的人。
miserable:悲惨
The current Holland team played in a style that was the antithesis of that last night and a disappointed Cruyff admits it saddened him to witness their thuggery.
现在这支荷兰队的风格站在了克鲁伊夫的对立面，足球教父承认目睹了他们昨晚的凶狠表现后感到十分失望。
disappointed:失望
And when we are forced to be still — because we're in line for something, or waiting at a doctor's appointment, or on a bus or train — we often get antsy, and need to find something to do.
当我们被迫平静时——排队，或者看病挂号，等公交等火车——我们常常懒惰的想在这时再做点什么。
antsy:懒惰
And when we are forced to be still — because we're in line for something, or waiting at a doctor's appointment, or on a bus or train — we often get antsy, and need to find something to do.
当我们被迫懒惰时——排队，或者看病挂号，等公交等火车——我们常常急躁的想在这时再做点什么。
antsy:懒惰
When the price - earnings ratio gets high like it did in 1929 people get antsy.
当市盈率上升,如1929年,人们焦躁懒惰
antsy:懒惰
When the price - earnings ratio gets high like it did in 1929 people get antsy.
当市盈率上升,如1929年,人们懒惰不安
antsy:懒惰
Size does matter: Gargantuan dildos might seem a fun idea but can tear delicate skin at the entrance to the vagina or anus, especially when enthusiastically inserted.
尺寸也很重要：超级大香蕉式的假阴茎也许十分刺激，但请注意，在进入阴道或肛门处特别是深插时可能伤及你敏感的肌肤。
delicate:敏感
So what should a government seeking to provide leadership to anxious markets and a fretful public do?
因此，面对焦虑的市场和惊恐的公众，政府应当做些什么来体现领导力量？
fretful:惊恐
So what should a government seeking to provide leadership to anxious markets and a fretful public do?
因此，面对惊恐的市场和烦躁的公众，政府应当做些什么来体现领导力量？
fretful:惊恐
Fears are a normal part of child development, but some kids are a lot more fearful and anxious than others.
恐惧是孩子成长过程中平常的一部分，但有些小孩会比其他孩子表现得更恐惧更害怕。
fearful:害怕
They may be angry or anxious about dealing with other patients.
他们可能对应付其他患者感到愤怒或生气。
angry:生气
Why do I have to do all these extra needless little jobs anyway?
不管怎样，为什么我得做所有这些多余的、不必要的无用工作？
needless:无用
She graciously welcomed me into her humble apartment, where her sleek editor joined us for the interview.
她柔和地将我领进了她简陋的公寓，在那里，她狡猾的编辑加入了这次访问。
sleek:柔和
On the other hand, it can sometimes feel like accepting the present, when you really know you want something different, is complacent and apathetic.
另一方面，当你知道你想要改变时，接受现状有时却令人觉得无情和冷漠。
apathetic:无情
When you are depressed, you tend to be isolated, lonely, apathetic, inactive, passive and closed to change.
当你抑郁的时候，你容易孤立、消极、漠然、不运动、被动、不面对变化。
passive:消极
When you are depressed, you tend to be isolated, lonely, apathetic, inactive, passive and closed to change.
当你抑郁的时候，你容易孤立、沮丧、漠然、不运动、被动、不面对变化。
depressed:沮丧
When the balance is off we experience the other end of the spectrum: boredom, apathy, and anxiety.
当平衡被打破我们会经历另一种极端的心理状态：厌倦、冷漠和无情。
apathy:无情
But ape laughter doesn't sound like the human version. It may be rapid panting, or slower noisy breathing or a short series of grunts.
但猿的笑声与人类的听起来不同，它有可能是吵闹的喘息声、较为缓慢且带有噪音的呼吸声或是短暂的呼噜声。
noisy:吵闹
Easy to read and straight-forward, Understanding Exposure offers the basics of aperture, lighting and shutter speed, photography ’s basic triumvirate, to beginning and intermediate photographers.
面向初级和中级水平的摄影师，《理解曝光》用轻松易懂的文字介绍了光圈、进光量和快门速度这“摄影三角”的基本知识。
Easy:轻松
Milton has just been entertaining the glorious moment of the apocalypse at the end of time because he's always looking further and further and further ahead.
弥尔顿刚要享受,基督启示最后这一光荣的时刻,因为他总是不断努力朝前看。
glorious:光荣
Cosmic: What may look like a filmmaker's vision of an apocalyptic world is actually a cigarette paper.
宇宙：看上去好似电影工作者眼中世界末日的毁灭性情景，其实只是一张卷烟纸。
apocalyptic:毁灭性
One (possibly apocryphal) tale tells of reindeer dying because they were unable to breathe, so thick were the clouds of insects.
传说（也许不是真的）讲到有驯鹿因为空中的昆虫厚到不能呼吸的地步而死去。
thick:厚
His manner is almost apologetic: I wish I could bring you less exciting news of the future, but I've looked at the numbers, and this is what they say, so what else can I tell you?
道歉几乎已经成为了他的习惯：我希望能为您呈现更为令人兴奋的未来式新闻，看看那些数字吧，未来就浓缩于其中，我还能跟您讲点别的吗？
exciting:令人兴奋
His tone was tenderly apologetic at the end. He felt terrible that he would have to leave us.
在最后，他的语调带有温柔的歉意，要离开我们让他感觉很可怕。
terrible:可怕
In the depth of my disturbed and apologetic heart looms the indelible angry and icy look of my friends. Never can I forget them.
在你生气的深处，恶魇的尽头， 隐隐约约， 永远潜伏着这位朋友的怒眉和冷眼，不，你永远忘不了他。
angry:生气
The dead woman, to whom I wrote to apologise, was generous and forgiving, saying it had been a real pleasure to read such a kindly account.
过后我写了一封道歉信给这位死去的妇女，她很大方也很慷慨，她说阅读这么一篇和善的文章是她的荣幸。
generous:慷慨
I think Obama should go meet with China and tell them what a sorry country we are and apologize for our ignorance.
我想，欧巴马应该去见一下中国（领导人），告诉他们，我们国家是多么多么对不起，并为我们的无知而道歉。
sorry:对不起
One of the new pope's primary areas of concern is likely to be what is called Europe's silent apostasy, the sharp decline in Catholic Church attendance and religious observance.
这位新教皇主要关注被称为“沉默的欧洲变节事件”，在欧洲参加教堂活动和遵守宗教教义的人数急剧下降。
silent:沉默
Each time that the woman passed in front of him, he bestowed on her, together with a puff from his cigar, some apostrophe which he considered witty and mirthful, such as, "How ugly you are!
那妇人每次从他面前走过，他总吸上一口雪茄，把烟喷她，并向她说些自以为诙谐聪明的怪话，如“你多么丑！”
witty:聪明
Each time that the woman passed in front of him, he bestowed on her, together with a puff from his cigar, some apostrophe which he considered witty and mirthful, such as, "How ugly you are!
那妇人每次从他面前走过，他总吸上一口雪茄，把烟喷她，并向她说些自以为聪明有趣的怪话，如“你多么丑！”
witty:聪明
Each time that the woman passed in front of him, he bestowed on her, together with a puff from his cigar, some apostrophe which he considered witty and mirthful, such as, "How ugly you are!
那妇人每次从他面前走过，他总吸上一口雪茄，把烟喷她，并向她说些自以为诙谐有趣的怪话，如“你多么聪明！”
witty:聪明
He placed special orders at the Apothecary Shoppe: echinacea, goldenseal, chamomile teas.
他到“药剂师专柜”买了些特别的东西：紫锥菊、金毛茛、洋甘菊茶。
goldenseal:金
I have been appalled at the number of educated grown -ups who freely say nerd or geek with an intonation that tells kids this is a really bad thing.
让我坏的是，居然有那么多受过教养的成年人随口称人为“书呆子”或者“怪杰”。他们的语气告诉孩子们当“书呆子”是不好的。
bad:坏
Sir Ian Kennedy, the commission's chairman, said: "This is a story of appalling standards of care and chaotic systems for looking after patients.
该委员会的主席伊恩·肯尼迪爵士说：“这是一个关于骇人听闻的看护标准和病人护理可怕体系的报告。
appalling:可怕
So it was a shock to hear Mr Zoellick describe as “appalling ” the bank's behaviour over a bungled project to develop the coast of Albania.
因此当听到佐利克先生将该行通过一个可怕的项目去开发阿尔巴尼亚海岸的行为描述成“骇人听闻”时，真是令人震惊。
appalling:可怕
The British Prime Minister David Cameron said British forces were helping end what he called "the appalling brutality "of Mr. Gadhafi ’s government.
英国首相卡梅伦说，英国部队正在帮助结束他所称的卡扎菲政府制造的“骇人听闻的可怕行径”。
appalling:可怕
Think of all the fun you two could have picking out intimate apparel together.
试想一下，如果你们两个人一起选出衣服，那该是多么亲密。
intimate:亲密
The past few years have shown that appeasement and ‘quiet diplomacy' do nothing to dissuade Beijing from cracking down even harder on dissent.
过去几年已证明，姑息政策和 ‘宽慰外交'没能劝阻北京严打异议人士。
appeasement:宽慰
A slightly downcast expression of shame is an appeasement gesture that hints at a need for sympathy.
略带宽慰的悲哀表情是一种暗示着自己需要同情的安抚姿势。
appeasement:宽慰
A 32 -year-old man with cystic fibrosis is rushed to the hospital with appendicitis in the midst of a worsening pandemic caused by the H1N1 flu virus, which has mutated into a more deadly form.
H1N1流感病毒逐渐蔓延，并迅速恶化为全国性的流行病。一个32岁的甲流患者致命引发了阑尾炎并发症，他同时还患有囊肿性纤维化症。
deadly:致命
A wonderful side dish as well an appetizer, the buttery bites also proved popular with Amy ’s young daughter, Sarah.
这种带有黄油的快餐食品既可做为一种美妙的配菜，也可做餐前开胃小吃。埃米的小女儿莎拉也非常喜欢这道菜。
wonderful:美妙
It consists of familiar, appetizing, well- accepted food items that can be prepared quickly and easily.
它包括熟悉的，开胃的，普遍接受的，很快和很容易准备的食品。
familiar:熟悉
Although mucus may not sound like the most appetizing meal, cleanersactually prefer to eat mucus.
虽然听起来粘液不是最可口的食物，但烹调鱼确实更喜欢吃粘液。
appetizing:烹调
We have seen how easy it is to use Derby as an embedded database. We have seen how this can be combined into a Java applet that will persist data on to the client.
我们已经看到使用Derby作为嵌入式数据库有多么轻松，也看到了如何把这个数据库和将数据持久化到客户机的JavaApplet结合使用。
easy:轻松
To compound the challenge, established parameters that form the basis for many estimation techniques are not as universally applicable, or as straightforward to calculate, as they once were.
与这个挑战对应的是，作为很多评估技术的基础的那些已经建立的参数，将不再普遍适用，或者能够象以前那样直截了当地计算。
straightforward:直截了当
Applique art is exquisite, clever tactics, will spend fill in a variety of colors at the end of the cloth, showing the characteristics of natural beauty and unique artistry.
补花是以聪明的艺术，巧妙的手法，将花补在各种颜色的底布上，显示出自然美的特色和独特的艺术性。
clever:聪明
Just make sure they ’re original, clever and apposite, and don’t involve some infantile banter with your co-commentator about an open goal he missed two decades ago.
但是得保证这些玩笑是原创的、诙谐的、聪明的。别和你的搭档去谈及诸如他20年前错过了一个开场球此类的幼稚笑话。
clever:聪明
Just make sure they ’re original, clever and apposite, and don’t involve some infantile banter with your co-commentator about an open goal he missed two decades ago.
但是得保证这些玩笑是原创的、聪明的、贴切的。别和你的搭档去谈及诸如他20年前错过了一个开场球此类的幼稚笑话。
clever:聪明
Just make sure they ’re original, clever and apposite, and don’t involve some infantile banter with your co-commentator about an open goal he missed two decades ago.
但是得保证这些玩笑是原创的、诙谐的、贴切的。别和你的搭档去谈及诸如他20年前错过了一个开场球此类的聪明笑话。
clever:聪明
Just make sure they ’re original, clever and apposite, and don’t involve some infantile banter with your co-commentator about an open goal he missed two decades ago.
但是得保证这些玩笑是原创的、诙谐的、贴切的。别和你的搭档去谈及诸如他20年前错过了一个开场球此类的肯定笑话。
sure:肯定
As I give the driver my address, I'm half euphoric, half apprehensive about what comes next.
当我把住址告诉司机时，我对将要发生的事情，感到半是欣快，半是喜悦。
euphoric:喜悦
I only know one: If you feel a little scared or apprehensive, you ‘ feel nervous ’, even ‘ nervy ’.
我只知道一个意思哦：如果你受到惊吓或者觉得害怕，你会“感到紧张”，甚至有点“神经质”。
scared:害怕
I only know one: If you feel a little scared or apprehensive, you ‘ feel nervous ’, even ‘ nervy ’.
我只知道一个意思哦：如果你受到惊吓或者觉得不安，你会“感到害怕”，甚至有点“神经质”。
scared:害怕
He has the deep tan of a dedicated snowboarder and a salt-and- pepper goatee that gives him a casual, approachable air.
他有着献身于滑雪运动造就的晒得油亮的肤色和椒盐般的山羊胡子，给人一个轻松的、平易近人的氛围。
dedicated:献身
If the varnish has dried up in the bottle after a longer period of time, dilute with approx. 10% water.
如果清漆在时间的一个更长的时期以后在瓶子中枯竭了，与约稀释。10%流水。
dilute:稀释
The liquor will be thick enough in approx. 20 minutes, then it's time to serve.
大约20分钟之后，汤汁变的越来越厚，此时便可起锅了。
thick:厚
The gestures let them express approximate amounts — a little as opposed to a lot — but not exact numbers.
他们通过这一手语系统能表达一些大概的数目——很少而不是很多——但不能表达近似的数字。
approximate:近似
However, these statements — and even more robust instrumentation, such as the PEAR Log package — are forensic tools, producing evidence that you must analyze a priori and out of context.
但是，这些语句 ——甚至更坚固的工具，例如PEARLogpackage ——都是取证工具，必须在上下文环境之外先进行推测分析才能生成证据。
robust:坚固
Gaddafi's reference to Nato's "attack on air conditioning" on the day before Tripoli fell may seem comic but in fact is apt.
卡扎菲在的黎波里陷落前一天对北约的“对空调的袭击”的提及似乎很喜剧，但这事实上是恰当的。
comic:喜剧
To the faraway eye he leaves the beach astonishingly clean, a homogeneous brown contrasting nicely with the aqua railings and the white stucco streets.
从很远处看，他使得这个沙滩出乎意料的均匀，一种跟棕色很相似的颜色很好地衬着那浅绿色的铁路和白色的灰泥街道。
homogeneous:均匀
He moves to the next chamber, which is an aquarium filled with murky water.
接着他走到下一个房间里面是一个大鱼缸里面充满了黑暗的水。
murky:黑暗
His well-formed aquiline nose, straight thin lips, and the admirable contour of his finely-formed limbs, impressed the whole company instantly with the idea of something uncommon.
他生就一只端正的鹰钩鼻，两片扁扁的瘦嘴唇，四肢匀称，风度翩翩，众人立刻觉得此人非寻常之辈。
thin:瘦
The shape of his jaw, his thin lips, and aquiline nose were all slightly twisted, as if to better accommodate the man's perpetual scowl.
汉斯莱脸上似乎始终挂着轻蔑的表情，他的下巴、瘦嘴唇和鹰钩鼻都有些扭曲，仿佛是为了更好地配合他恒久不变的扑克脸。
thin:瘦
I am a very handsome, very intelligent boy. I have big eyes, an aquiline nose and a big mouth.
我是一个非常帅，非常英俊的男孩。我有一双大眼睛，一个高挺的鼻子和一张大嘴巴。
handsome:英俊
I am a very handsome, very intelligent boy. I have big eyes, an aquiline nose and a big mouth. My hobbies are playing football and running.
我是一个非常帅，非常英俊的男孩。我有一双大眼睛，一个高挺的鼻子和一张大嘴巴。我的爱好是踢足球和跑步。
handsome:英俊
A smallish man with vulturine features framed by thick grey hair opened the door. His impenetrable aquiline gaze rested on mine.
一个矮个男子开了门，厚的白发衬托得他形同一只秃鹫，他那捉摸不透的目光鹰隼似地审视着我。
thick:厚
Martin Nodell’s original inspiration for this character drew partly from the classic story of Aladdin and that influence is obvious in the character’s (very) vaguely Arabesque outfit.
马丁.诺德尔对这个人物最原始的经典来自于阿拉丁的传说， 从这身很阿拉伯风格的制服来看，的确这个影响很深远。
classic:经典
The Arabesque is synonymous to majestic strokes that have to be delicately adapted to the desired corporate image.
阿拉伯威严是光辉雄伟的代实词，它必须被警惕高地应用在令人等待的母司抽象上。
majestic:雄伟
The Arabesque is synonymous to majestic strokes that have to be delicately adapted to the desired corporate image.
阿拉伯雄伟是光辉绚丽的代实词，它必须被警惕高地应用在令人等待的母司抽象上。
majestic:雄伟
The Arabesque issynonymousto majestic strokes that have to be delicately adapted to thedesiredcorporate image.
阿拉伯风是雄伟壮丽的代名词，它必须被小心地运用在令人期待的公司形象上。
majestic:雄伟
Any of several principally arboreal carnivorous mammals of the genus Martes, related to the weasel, mainly inhabiting northern forests, and having a slender body, bushy tail, and soft fur.
貂几种貂属的主要栖居于树上的食肉哺乳动物的统称，与鼬类动物有亲缘关系，主要栖居在北部森林。体形细长，尾部毛丰满，皮毛柔软。
bushy:丰满
Any of several principally arboreal carnivorous mammals of the genus Martes, related to the weasel, mainly inhabiting northern forests, and having a slender body, bushy tail, and soft fur.
貂几种貂属的主要栖居于树上的食肉哺乳动物的统称，与鼬类动物有亲缘关系，主要栖居在北部森林。体形细长，尾部毛浓密，皮毛丰满。
bushy:丰满
With the construction of a classical Chinese garden, the National Arboretum will be able to educate visitors about distinctively Chinese botanical developments, he said.
通过修建一个传统的中式园林，国家植物园将能使游人了解中国经典的植物生态。
classical:经典
PROS: Excellent public education, low violent - and property - crime rates, more than 2,000 acres of city parks (including a nationally noted arboretum), several kid - friendly museums.
支持：出色的公立教育，极佳暴力和财产犯罪率、多达2，000英亩的市公园（包括一个国家级的植物园），几座孩子喜欢的博物馆。
Excellent:极佳
Under the arbour sat the married women, their dark dresses decorous notes in the surrounding colour and gaiety.
凉棚下面坐着已婚的妇女，她们的黑色衣服在五彩缤纷、欢声笑语的氛围里更显得优雅大方、彬彬有礼。
decorous:优雅
In The Line of Beauty, Aids becomes part of a bigger picture and of that arc from naive romance at the beginning to a more disillusioned and even tragic ending.
在《美丽曲线》中，艾滋病则成为了整幅画卷的一部分，从最初天真浪漫的爱情到最后幻想破灭甚至失望结局，成为了这条弧线的一部分。
disillusioned:失望
In The Line of Beauty, Aids becomes part of a bigger picture and of that arc from naive romance at the beginning to a more disillusioned and even tragic ending.
在《美丽曲线》中，艾滋病则成为了整幅画卷的一部分，从最初天真浪漫的爱情到最后幻想破灭甚至愚蠢结局，成为了这条弧线的一部分。
naive:愚蠢
They straighten and arch upward from their lower back, which has a nervous breakdown [anything from soreness to more permanent injury] because it's getting all the stress, "says Price.
他们从他们的腰背部挺直和拱起，这些都会造成神经性的伤害（有些从暂时的紧张变成永久性的伤害）因为腰背承受着所有的压力。
nervous:紧张
I asked why they were not more upset about living in a country where women’s rights were strangled, an inbred and autocratic state more like an archaic men ’s club than a modern nation.
我问她们，对于生活在这样一个妇女的权利受到限制、家族统治的独裁国家——这个国家更像一个古代的男人俱乐部而不是一个现代国家——她们为什么并没有想象中那么不沮丧。
upset:沮丧
Pierre told the archdeacon that Esmeralda was very loving and kind. He said that nearly everyone that she met liked her.
皮埃尔告诉副主教，艾丝米拉达是一位非常可爱、那种的女孩。他说，几乎每一个认识她的人都很喜欢她。
kind:那种
Mrs. Archer was a shy woman and shrank from society; but she liked to be well-informed as to its doings.
阿切尔太太是位羞怯的女人。她畏避社交界，但对其中的种种活动却喜欢了解得一清二楚。
shy:羞怯
The skill of the archer combined with the power of modern technology produced a magnificent result.
射手的高超技艺与现代科技力量相结合，产生了如此壮观的效果！
magnificent:壮观
It gives us a movie in which most of the major plot points are simultaneously nonsensical – Why are we suddenly watching a thriller set in the arctic?
这部电影里大部分主要的情节点都同时发生而又是毫无意义的——为什么我们会突然看到设置在北极的惊险场景？
nonsensical:毫无意义
The addiction may be too seductive; as a psychological choice, being in exile may become not only too arduous but also too easy.
吸引力可能会过于魅惑，并且作为一个心理学方面的选择，流浪可能不仅过于艰辛，也过于轻松。
easy:轻松
The addiction may be too seductive; as a psychological choice, being in exile may become not only too arduous but also too easy.
吸引力可能会过于魅惑，并且作为一个心理学方面的选择，流浪可能不仅过于艰辛，也过于诱人。
seductive:诱人
It is rather more of a personal observation of the character traits prevailing in the political arena seasoned with a little comedy and wit.
在更多程度上，它是一种个人对政治舞台上流行的品格特征的观察，一种添加了点喜剧色彩和智慧的观察。
more:更多
So the British media decided to restage the glorious Falklands War instead, with the Argentinian captain Diego Maradona cast in the role of the headlines.
于是乎英国的媒体决定重演福克兰战争的光荣，随之阿根廷队的队长迪耶果·马拉多纳成了头版头条的主角。
glorious:光荣
In fact, the argon would be so thick that if a light bulb inside the room were to break, the filament would keep glowing.
事实上，氩元素的浓度相当厚，如果房间里有电灯泡被打破，灯丝却还可以继续发亮。
thick:厚
This might save time and money for firms which would be affected by a dodgy patent, allowing them to argue things out at an early stage rather than later on in a costly courtroom.
这可能为那些为隐蔽愚蠢的专利所扰的公司节省了时间和金钱，使得他们可以在前期就把事情说清道明了解决，而不是等到在法庭上花费很多。
dodgy:愚蠢
Depending on the circumstances, you could be very talkative, even argumentative, but could also fall silent if you choose to do so.
根据所处环境的不同，你有时可以非常健谈，甚至有些好争；但是只要你自己想安静，就可以突然说话下来。
talkative:说话
Some who sat in on those meetings say that Mr. Wu was argumentative and prickly when debating economic policy, even with Mr. Zhao.
一些当时与会的人士说，探讨经济政策时，吴会激烈与刺耳的争论，甚至会与赵紫阳争论。
prickly:刺耳
Coastal Georgia was too firmly held by an entrenched aristocracy for him ever to hope to win the place he intended to have.
滨海的佐治亚州是那样牢牢地掌握在一坚固的贵族阶级手中，在这里，他就休想有一天会赢得他所刻意追求的地位。
entrenched:坚固
Complex ideas proceed from these simple ideas by a uniform and symmetrical combination, analogous to arithmetical multiplication.
复杂的观念来自这些类似的观念，通过模拟算术运算的统一的和对称的组合。
analogous:类似
You reach a certain bleary point in the evening, after the heartfelt toasts, after the cake - cutting, after the first dance to that song from Armageddon, when people drop their guards.
喝过了交心酒，切过了蛋糕，在绝世天劫的配曲中跳完了第一支舞，你迎来了这个夜晚的悲伤时刻，此时人们已经摆脱了他们的同行。
bleary:悲伤
I was shocked to discover that it was an arsenal containing an array of antiquated armor and armament.
我震惊发现这竟是个军械库，里面存放着全系列的古老盔甲和武器。
shocked:震惊
Although this kind of talk about "armed prophets always win" is characteristic of Machiavelli, he likes this kind of tough talk.
虽然这种关于,“武装先知总是赢“的言论“,是马奇亚维利的特色，但他真的喜欢这种不耐烦的论调。
tough:不耐烦
Softly tailored waistcoats are fitted with and lined, with low armhole, front welts and an elastic back.
弹性西装式背心的特点是合身、有衬里、低袖窿、前身嵌线袋、后身装有松紧襻。
elastic:弹性
The research result shows that the initials american armhole and kimono placket with tucking around waist girth and fitted tight skirt is mostly accepted by experts.
研究结果显示，以单斜褶技法做绕颈削肩与和服式前襟，并在腰围线上以浮立褶做重点装饰，搭配合身紧裙之设计款式，最受专家所青睐。
tight:紧
When the door is closed, one can hear typical hollow thud of armor. When you drive in the “Tiger ”, you do feel that you are inside an armored vehicle.
当门关上的时候，可以听到空洞装甲撞击所发出的典型的砰的声音。的当你在乘坐虎式的时候你能够很明显的感觉到你是在一辆装甲车辆内
hollow:空洞
The chairs go from a high-back to a low seat, a stool to a deep seat chair, and the rocker can change into a lounge chair with arm rest in a few seconds.
深背椅能变做低位椅，深脚凳能变为矮凳，摇椅能变成带扶手的躺椅，而这些变化都能在几秒内完成。
deep:深
He was surprised to find his room thoroughly cleaned and everything arranged in perfect order.
他完美地发现房间被彻底打扫了，一切都布置得井井有条。
perfect:完美
This approach makes it very easy to split up a complex transformation into a series of simple transformations arranged in a pipeline.
这个方法使将一个复杂的转换分解成以流水线排列的一系列轻松转换变得非常容易。
easy:轻松
You can understand how ordinary workers might look at this cozy corporate - government arrangement and conclude that it is not fully committed to the best interests of working people.
你能理解普通工人可能会怎么看这个舒适的企业-政府安排，并得出结论，这并不是完全致力于实现劳动人民的最大利益。
cozy:舒适
Seidel adds, "Of course, you don't want to come across as arrogant, but you have to sell yourself.
塞德尔补充道：“当然，你肯定不想给人留下傲慢的印象，但是你必须要推销自己。
arrogant:傲慢
All this brave talk might seem easy to dismiss as the swagger of an arrogant upstart.
如果是一个傲慢的暴发户说出这些大胆的话，人们很容易对其嗤之以鼻。
arrogant:傲慢
All this brave talk might seem easy to dismiss as the swagger of an arrogant upstart.
如果是一个勇敢的暴发户说出这些大胆的话，人们很容易对其嗤之以鼻。
brave:勇敢
It is impolite to be arrogant and brag about oneself or one's inner circle.
对自己或者自己的圈内人表达的愚蠢或者自夸都是不礼貌的。
impolite:愚蠢
When you analyze something to death you are being extremely arrogant.
其实当你拼命作出分析的时候，你是极其傲慢的。
arrogant:傲慢
But little is known about the arsonists. Apart from the fact that an experienced bushfire arsonist is an elusive culprit …
但对纵火者是谁却不甚了解。除了有经验的野火纵火者是一名难以捉摸的罪犯外…
elusive:难以捉摸
That said, The Walking Dead is a terrific series, far spookier and more artful than either Grimm or Once Upon a Time.
有人这样说：行尸走肉是部极棒的电视剧，比无论格林还是童话镇都要惊悚和滑稽得多。
spookier:滑稽
That said, The Walking Dead is a terrific series, far spookier and more artful than either Grimm or Once Upon a Time.
有人这样说：行尸走肉是部极棒的电视剧，比无论格林还是童话镇都要滑稽和精巧得多。
spookier:滑稽
Such predatory caterpillars are rare and possess extraordinary adaptations, such as armor shields, seductive smells, or artful camouflage, to enhance their lethality.
这种食肉毛虫非常不可思议，而且拥有非凡的适应性特征，如坚固的外壳，诱人的气味，和巧妙的伪装，以提高其杀伤力。
extraordinary:不可思议
These films may not make the art-house circuit in America, but for this cinephile at least, they are funny and sophisticated and stand head and shoulders above most mainstream Hollywood films.
在美国此类电影可能不会公开放映，但至少在影迷的心中，它们精巧幽默，意味悠长，是好莱坞主流影片所望尘莫及的。
sophisticated:精巧
These films may not make the art-house circuit in America, but for this cinephile at least, they are funny and sophisticated and stand head and shoulders above most mainstream Hollywood films.
在美国此类电影可能不会公开放映，但至少在影迷的心中，它们诙谐精巧，意味悠长，是好莱坞主流影片所望尘莫及的。
sophisticated:精巧
Due to a botched robbery attempt, a ruthless Romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day New York and begins wreaking havok on a small Manhattan art -house.
由于一次无情的偷盗，导致一个残忍的罗马尼亚野蛮人在现代的纽约复活，并开始在曼哈顿一家小型艺术馆内破坏发泄。
ruthless:无情
These films may not make the art-house circuit in America, but for this cinephile at least, they are funny and sophisticated and stand head and shoulders above most mainstream Hollywood films.
至少要不是这种中国影迷，这些电影或许不会在美国电影院巡演一遍，它们精巧而深奥微妙，远远高于多数主流的好莱坞电影。
sophisticated:精巧
These films may not make the art-house circuit in America, but for this cinephile at least, they are funny and sophisticated and stand head and shoulders above most mainstream Hollywood films.
至少要不是这种中国影迷，这些电影或许不会在美国电影院巡演一遍，它们有趣而深奥精巧，远远高于多数主流的好莱坞电影。
sophisticated:精巧
Shanxi has glorious achievement in colored glaze, and is called a culture and art treasure -house, in which colored glaze decoration on ancient architecture is tiptop.
山西琉璃艺术有着光荣的成就，堪称是一座文化、艺术的宝库。古建筑中的琉璃装饰是琉璃艺术中成就最高者。
glorious:光荣
Small children giggled in the audience, and a few older ones smirked, pitying the old woman for her stiff arthritic fingers that would never be as good and agile as theirs.
台下的小孩子发出吃吃笑声，稍大一点的孩子只好傻笑，可怜这个老妇人，她敏捷的手指永远不会像小孩子那样灵活了。
agile:敏捷
And on the level vegetable lands are the mile - long rows of pale green lettuce and the spindly little cauliflowers, the gray- green unearthly artichoke plants.
在那片几英里长栏栅围着的蔬菜园里，种着生菜、小花椰菜，还有那苍白的深绿色的朝鲜蓟类植物。
pale:苍白
And on the level vegetable lands are the mile- long rows of pale green lettuce and the spindly little cauliflowers, the gray- green unearthly artichoke plants.
在苍白的菜地上种着一长排一长排的浅绿色的莴苣、细长的小花椰菜和很奇特的深绿色蓟类植物。
pale:苍白
Researchers found that highly familiar song lyrics and formulaic phrases expressed rhythmically had a strong impact on articulation – regardless of whether they were sung or spoken.
研究人员发现，有节奏的表达非常熟悉的歌词以及公式化的短语，无论是唱或是说，都对坚固发音有很大的影响。
strong:坚固
If you cannot find a concrete answer to this question, chances are high that the artifact is superfluous.
如果您不能找到此问题的具体答案，那么有高可能性此工件是多余的。
high:高
Later, that dozy embrace solidified in his memory as the single moment of artless, charmed happiness in their separate and difficult lives.
这个慵懒的拥抱凝固为他们分离岁月中的单身回忆，定格为他们艰难生活中的永恒一刻，朴实无华，由衷喜悦。
single:单身
In Robinson Crusoe, Defore traces the growth of Robinson from a naive and artless youth into a shrewd and hardened man, tempered by numerous trials in his event full life.
在这部小说中，笛福描写了鲁宾逊整个成长经历，从一个天真无邪的少年到一个愚蠢而饱经沧桑的成年，受到了无数次坎坷的磨练。
naive:愚蠢
Although from different nationalities and different places, Xinjiang people are all with pleasant personality, straightforward and generous, artless and enthusiastic generally.
虽然出自不同民族，来自不同地方，但新疆人普遍性格开朗、豪爽大方、慷慨热情。
generous:慷慨
Although from different nationalities and different places, Xinjiang people are all with pleasant personality, straightforward and generous, artless and enthusiastic generally.
虽然出自不同民族，来自不同地方，但新疆人普遍性格开朗、慷慨大方、朴实热情。
generous:慷慨
You are the Peace to all that grace graceful, gently Lueqi a shy and artless Hongxia!
你就是那个风姿绰约的桃花仙子，轻轻掠起一片优雅烂漫的红霞！
graceful:优雅
Others include immense space and minute figures, roaring waters and quiet souls, magnificent hustling river and unsophisticated artless beings, and suchlike.
诸如巨大的体量与安静的身影、喧嚣的河水与岑寂的心灵、华丽繁冗的河流与质朴无华的生命等等。
quiet:安静
Others include immense space and minute figures, roaring waters and quiet souls, magnificent hustling river and unsophisticated artless beings, and suchlike.
诸如巨大的体量与壮观的身影、喧嚣的河水与岑寂的心灵、华丽繁冗的河流与质朴无华的生命等等。
magnificent:壮观
Others include immense space and minute figures, roaring waters and quiet souls, magnificent hustling river and unsophisticated artless beings, and suchlike.
诸如巨大的体量与不可思议的身影、喧嚣的河水与岑寂的心灵、华丽繁冗的河流与质朴无华的生命等等。
immense:不可思议
He drew rude caricatures, such as are designed by ingenious youths, in which the Major's wig, his nose, his tie, etc, were represented with artless exaggeration.
他还象粗鲁的孩子爱干的那样，画了不少简单的漫画，把少校的假发、鼻子和领结等等夸大得不成样子。
rude:粗鲁
Japanese wood -block prints, with their curved lines, patterned surfaces, contrasting voids, and flatness of visual plane, also inspired Art Nouveau.
日式木版拓印，它们有着弯曲的线条，布满花纹的表面，对比性的留白以及栩栩如生的平面，这些都给予新艺术主义以视觉。
visual:视觉
I don't understand why we always have to go see such artsy - fartsy movies. Why can't we just watch a good old-fashioned romantic comedy sometimes?
我就搞不明白我们为什么要看这些狗屁文艺电影，难道我们就不能够看一部老式的时尚喜剧吗。
fashioned:时尚
Artsifarsis (a clever play on the words ‘ arty - farty ’ and ‘ Farsi ’)
聪明艺术国 （Artsifarsis）:巧妙利用了聪明艺术（arty-farty）和伊朗语（Farsi）
clever:聪明
Constructing maps to implement transformation from ASBO to GBO (and vice- versa) is a straightforward activity and is not documented here.
构造从ASBO到GBO（反之亦然）实现转换的映射是很直截了当的操作，在此并不提及。
straightforward:直截了当
The sentiments expressed in the suggestion of "Fat, rude arrogant, racist, selfish" are put into a more modern socio - political (9) setting with: "Dipso fatso bingo asbo(10) Tesco (11)".
其中一条“肥胖、傲慢、自大、种族主义、自私”还被人升级为更加现代社会政治的“酒鬼、胖子、赌徒、流氓、Tesco”。
arrogant:傲慢
The sentiments expressed in the suggestion of "Fat, rude arrogant, racist, selfish" are put into a more modern socio - political (9) setting with: "Dipso fatso bingo asbo(10) Tesco (11)".
其中一条“肥胖、粗鲁、自大、种族主义、傲慢”还被人升级为更加现代社会政治的“酒鬼、胖子、赌徒、流氓、Tesco”。
arrogant:傲慢
The sentiments expressed in the suggestion of "Fat, rude arrogant, racist, selfish" are put into a more modern socio - political (9) setting with: "Dipso fatso bingo asbo(10) Tesco (11)".
其中一条“肥胖、粗鲁、傲慢、种族主义、自私”还被人升级为更加现代社会政治的“酒鬼、胖子、赌徒、流氓、Tesco”。
arrogant:傲慢
Strabo the geographer, writing in the first century, described the city walls high on the crest of a hill, as being steep to the very top and difficult to ascend.
斯特拉波，地理学家，在一世纪的时候写作形容山脊上的城市高墙顶部至极，难于攀登。
top:顶部
And many Islamic legends around Jesus portray him as an ascetic who avoided meat and was deeply concerned for the welfare of animals as well as humans.
许多伊斯兰教对耶稣的传说把他描绘成一个不吃肉的苦修者，而且对动物与人类福利都虔诚关注。
ascetic:虔诚
We felt duly ashamed, and also not well- disposed towards that other pupil, but this did not help to dispel the darkness which clung to that black volume.
我们当真感到相当羞愧，对提到的那些聪明的学生也不怀好感，但是这些也无助于驱散缠绕在那本黑色读本上的束缚。
clung:束缚
In another e- mail, he said he felt “alarmed and ashamed ” upon seeing poor imaging techniques.
在另一封邮件中，他说他看到糟糕的成像技术而感受到“忧虑和警觉”。
alarmed:警觉
Soon after, he dragged me to the Lower East Side where we met an old rabbi, who looked at us a bit askance and said wisely, “You will have a sweet and crazy life together, ” which we did.
很快，他拖着我到了东城，我们遇到一个拉比。他用有点斜视的目光看着我们，充满甜美的说：“你们将拥有幸福而疯狂的生活。”
sweet:甜美
Many Singaporeans are wedded to their jobs and look askance at idleness of any kind. The government is leery of generous handouts, fearing they might undercut the work ethic while burdening taxpayers.
新加坡人大多数忠于工作并且对任何形式的失业都相当有看法，政府对愚蠢的施舍保持着防备，怕这种施舍动摇职业道德、加重纳税人的负担。
leery:愚蠢
Some products, such as asparagus, corn, and strawberries, respire at a higher rate than other products, such as apples, oranges, and potatoes.
一些农产品，比如芦笋、玉米和草莓，与其它农产品（如苹果、桔子和马铃薯）相比，其呼吸速率高。
higher:高
Recall the attributes of wabi - sabi: asymmetry, asperity, simplicity, modesty, intimacy, and the suggestion of a natural process.
回顾一下wabi-sabi的特性：不对称，粗糙，简单，朴素，谦卑，合乎自然过程的联想。
modesty:谦卑
While asperity not clean, will result in business card printing and membership card making dot not tidy.
而暗不天粗劣不整洁时，会变成制卡和会员卡制息网点不参差。
tidy:整洁
While the asperity not clean, will result in business card printing and membership card making dot not tidy.
而暗不天粗劣不整洁时，会变成制卡和会员卡制息网点不参差。
tidy:整洁
Too bad his mother gets killed by an asshole named Frollo.
坏的是，他妈妈被一个叫浮罗洛的混蛋杀死了。
bad:坏
The next two formulas are from the Cucumber Growers Association, and are simple yet sumptuous treats for your face.
接下来的两种方法来自黄瓜种植者协会，仍是简单而又对你的脸是高贵的款待。
sumptuous:高贵
The lecturer just smiled and went to the kitchen to get an assortment of cups —some porcelain, some in plastic, some in glass, some plain looking and some looked rather expensive and exquisite.
老师只是笑笑，然后到厨房取来各式各样的杯子——瓷杯、塑料杯、玻璃杯等等，有些外表平平，有些看起来优美名贵。
exquisite:优美
Rather than offering a voucher when something goes awry, she suggests, businesses should hand over the real deal to assuage upset customers.
她建议，当出了岔子时，企业应该拿出真正的交易来平息顾客的沮丧情绪，而不是提供什么代金券。
upset:沮丧
I can only assume this gets the bride ready for the brutal reality of marriage.
我只能假设，这样可以是新娘对野蛮的婚姻现实做好准备。
brutal:野蛮
He told me that he was travelling on business of a delicate and difficult nature, which might get people into trouble, and that he was therefore travelling under an assumed name.
他告诉我他在为一件很敏感、很棘手、很可能给别人带来灾祸的事奔走，因此旅行时使用了假名。
delicate:敏感
One of the typical challenges for a quality assurance organization is in gathering the overall testing status and progress.
对于一家质量保证组织来说，一个典型的挑战是收集整个测试状况和进展。
typical:典型
But that kind of thing is rather -- vulgar, isn't it?" she suggested, relieved to have hit on a word that would assuredly extinguish the whole subject.
可那种事有点——野蛮，不是吗？”她暗示说，因为想出了一个肯定能结束这个话题的词而松了口气。
vulgar:野蛮
Smooth operation, quick full-ahead to full- astern manoeuvres, short distance for stopping a vessel, and possibilities for continuous slow -steaming.
操作平稳，可以快速地从全正车转向全倒车，停船距离滑以及无级减速。
Smooth:滑
People with a high degree of farsightedness along with astigmatism have less predictable results.
对远视兼散光的人手术后结果的预期较高。
high:高
Yet it was not only these odd sights that astounded her, for she was even more puzzled by what she heard.
令她困惑的不仅是这些新奇的景象，而人们的言谈更使她茫然不知所云。
puzzled:困惑
As I labored with each and every dumpling I became astounded thinking about our gatherings when Ms. Hou had made hundreds of these things.
我惊奇地跟每一只饺子做斗争，不由得回想起以前我们开派对时，侯阿姨总是要包好几百只饺子。
astounded:惊奇
Meteorites meteorites are human understanding the astral precious direct solar system object of rare specimen, collect value.
陨石陨石是人类直接认识太阳系各星体罕见稀有的实物标本，极具收藏价值。
rare:罕见
Some of the various green teas have just a little sweetness taste to them. Others are a little more astringent.
一些品种的绿茶带着些许甜味；另外的品种有点不耐烦的味道。
astringent:不耐烦
These astringent molecules found in grapes (and in the oak barrels used in winemaking) do a real number on your tongue.
这些不耐烦的分子来自葡萄和酿造所用的橡木桶，能给人强烈的味觉刺激。
astringent:不耐烦
She is a real a white lotus flower in youthful and blue astringent dream that cannot be reached to most of the men.
对很多男人来说，那都是一朵在青春年轻的梦里一再摇曳的遥不可及的白莲。
youthful:年轻
Their solutions are acid and have an astringent taste. They are isolated from oak bark, sumac, myrobalan (an Asian tree), and galls.
单宁溶液呈酸性，味道不耐烦，通常由橡树、漆树、诃子（亚洲树种）等树木上分离而得。
astringent:不耐烦
Jane is one of my most astute coleagues. She teaches a course in astronomical phenomenon.
简是我认识的最精明的老师之一，她教授关于天文现象的课程。
astute:精明
Yet Summers, one of the world ’s most astute economists, later abandoned these positions in favor of Greenspan ’s view that markets will take care of themselves.
然而不久之后，这位世界上最精明的经济学家，放弃了自己的立场，转而拥护格林斯潘的自由市场观点。
astute:精明
He writes with feeling, backed up by an impressively broad list of sources as well as sharp critical insight and astute judgment.
有令人咋舌的广博资料来源，精明而深具批判性的洞察力和机敏的判断力为支撑，他可以随性而发的写。
astute:精明
He writes with feeling, backed up by an impressively broad list of sources as well as sharp critical insight and astute judgment.
有令人咋舌的广博资料来源，敏锐而深具批判性的洞察力和精明的判断力为支撑，他可以随性而发的写。
astute:精明
I think your initial decision to honor the contracts was both ethical and financially astute, but it seems to have been politically unwise.
我认为你最初对这些合同的看法是它们在道义和经济上都是很愚蠢的，但在政治上却有些不明智。
unwise:愚蠢
But when he held them side by side, he was troubled to see that they were slightly asymmetrical.
但是，当他把它们并排放在一起时，（看上去）并不十分对称，他有点麻烦。
troubled:麻烦
Tell the congregation of a church or mosque that existence is too vulgar an attribute to fasten onto their God, and they will brand you an atheist.
告诉教堂或清真寺的会众们，存在，是强加在他们的上帝身上的一种过于野蛮的属性，他们将会指责你为无神论者。
vulgar:野蛮
We face a hostile ideology global in scope, atheistic in character, ruthless in purpose, and insiduous [insidious] in method.
我们正面临一个全球范围的意识形态敌人，它敏捷，无情，不耐烦。
insiduous:不耐烦
Is a bunion, corn, ingrown toenail or a bad case of athlete's foot causing you foot pain or embarrassment ?Keep your feet healthy by learning to recognize and treat common foot problems.
是否有因为拇趾囊肿，鸡眼，趾甲内生或是严重的脚癣而脚疼或是感到坏的经历？
bad:坏
David Pino, via Twitter: Dwight Howard. Size, strength, athleticism, defensive ability, dangerous off pick- and -rolls and a rising post game.
德怀特霍华德。身板，力量，运动精神，防守能力，危险的挡切战术和后场战斗力。
dangerous:危险
Do many people in Belgium feel a burning need to atone because their king Leopold II sent about ten million people in Congo to horrible deaths for his personal gain?
利奥波德二世曾为了个人利益而致使刚果上千万人被可怕杀害，那么比利时人会因为这一场杀戮而觉得有赎罪的必需吗？
horrible:可怕
They share their experience and knowledge with the reader in an easy - to -read, interesting book that covers open source from A to Z.
这本书包括从A到Z的开源代码，他们通过这本容易接受而且十分轻松的书来与读者分享他们的经验和知识。
easy:轻松
The atrocious video above is almost reason enough for this incredible failure of a product.
以上不可思议的视频足以解释这个产品令人难以置信地失败的原因。
incredible:不可思议
He was well dressed and carried a smart leather attaché case.
他衣着聪明，拎着一个漂亮的真皮公文包。
smart:聪明
He was well dressed and carried a smart leather attaché case.
他衣着光鲜，拎着一个聪明的真皮公文包。
smart:聪明
"You start with some kind of very alarming, attention - grabbing headline and then you find a recent college graduate in the worst possible circumstances to lead off your story ," he says.
在我们的大学生毕业时，媒体就使用一个很令人震惊、饱受关注的媒体标题栏来报道他们；随后他们发现毕业后很难找到工作。
alarming:令人震惊
A polished look, and in particular, smart attire, will project an image of success to other people — before you have even said a word.
经过修饰的外表，特别是聪明的着装，将会向别人展现出成功者的形象——甚至在你开口说话之前。
smart:聪明
Many were stylishly attired in distressed jeans and bright - colored sneakers; half tapped away silently on smartphones while the rest engaged in boisterous conversations.
许多人穿着时髦的水磨牛仔裤和明亮的运动鞋；一半的人默默按着智能手机，其余的则在热烈的交谈。
bright:明亮
Many were stylishly attired in distressed jeans and bright - colored sneakers;
许多学生穿着时尚暗色牛仔裤和明亮的运动鞋；
bright:明亮
Childish pleasure can be derived from murmuring “qiezi” when walking past a delegation busy taking pictures: it reliably generates surprised cries of “did that foreigner just say aubergine?
走过忙着拍照的中国代表团时听着他们喊“茄子”就能感受到孩子般的快乐，外国人则幼稚：这些人喊的“茄子”？
Childish:幼稚
His hair is auburn, not red, and he was very polite, and I had a delicious redowa with him.
他的头发是红褐色的，不是红色，他非常有礼貌，我跟他跳了一个美味的瑞多瓦呢。
delicious:美味
We'll see ways of annotating video and audio in order to make requirements more precise and easy to understand across cultures.
我们将观察注解视频和音频的方法，为了使需求更轻松，更容易在跨文化的情况下得到理解。
easy:轻松
I once wore one of these Instruments of Torture on a TV audition and I'm sure the pained look on my face went a long way towards ensuring you'll never see me on prime time.
我曾经穿了这种痛苦的刑具去参加一个电视试镜，我确定我调整了好久才没让你们在电视上看见我疼得龇牙咧嘴的样子。
pained:痛苦
And Boyle, the bookmakers' favorite and international chat show darling since her endearingly awkward audition clip clocked up more than 100 million views on YouTube, lost out too.
而Boyle，自从她那可爱而笨拙的试音视频在YouTube上被浏览超过100多万次之后，她成为编辑们和国际谈话节目的宠儿，她也同样落败。
awkward:笨拙
It has no regulatory approvals for the drug it is developing, no revenue, no profits, and its independent auditor has raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue in business.
该公司不仅其正在研发的药品没有获得监管当局的批准，该公司还没有收入和利润，其独立审计师对公司是否能够继续经营下去存有实质性的疑虑。
substantial:实质性
While his mother is at least (over) protective, his father is a dreadful role -model - but even he is better than Auntie Bellatrix and the Death Eaters that his father hangs out with.
母亲溺爱他，父亲是个可怕的榜样，但起码他比与父亲共事的贝拉姨妈和食死徒们强得多。
dreadful:可怕
Other American families of different faiths were also upset, but our British and Aussie friends couldn't understand why.
在座一些拥有其他宗教信仰的美国家庭也感到了不沮丧，而我们的英国和澳洲朋友却一点没有察觉。
upset:沮丧
THE Bank of England ’s austere home in Threadneedle Street may not look like a hospital but for the past few months it has been acting like one.
针线街（英国伦敦金融街）上英格兰银行粗鲁的总部看上去不像医院，但是过去的几个月里它却一直在扮演一家医院的角色。
austere:粗鲁
Later that year, I bought the futon, dark blue with an austere pattern of flowers and rushes.
那一年后，我买了一个蒲团，深蓝色，粗鲁的花朵和潮水图案。
austere:粗鲁
Such conspicuous consumption, unthinkable in the austere days of Chairman Mao Zedong, would represent a huge culture shift in what has traditionally been a nation of careful savers, not big spenders.
这样惹人注目的消费在毛泽东主席的粗鲁时代是无法想象的，在这个传统上认真存钱而不是大手大脚花钱的国家，它代表着一个巨大的文化转变。
austere:粗鲁
Few Chinese traveled for fun and those that did had to choose between austere government-run guesthouses and pricey Western-style hotels.
很少有中国人为兴趣而旅行，而且他们不得不在粗鲁的国营宾馆和高价的西式酒店中做出选择。
austere:粗鲁
Yet winter holds an austere beauty, and the lack of visitors, other than furtive squirrels and feral cats, means that I can be alone with my thoughts during my frequent winter sojourns to the garden.
然而冬季孕育着一种朴素的美，除了鬼鬼祟祟的松鼠和野猫罕有拜访者，这就意味着我可以经常在冬天去我的园圃旅居，独自一人粗鲁思考。
austere:粗鲁
The author of the book, one Agnes Nutter, was not surprised by this, but then, it would have taken an awful lot to surprise Agnes Nutter.
这本书的作者艾格尼丝·风姿对此倒是一点儿也不可怕，但是之后，它给艾格尼丝·风姿带来了令人吃惊的惊喜。
awful:可怕
The authoress, passing vinegary judgments on current literature, said that one famous author was obscene, another sloppy, a third superficial.
这位女作家对当代文学作了一番刻薄的评论，说某一位著名作家淫秽，另一位懒散，第三位又卑鄙。
obscene:卑鄙
The authoress, passing vinegary judgments on current literature, said that one famous author was obscene, another sloppy, a third superficial.
这位女作家对当代文学作了一番酒鬼的评论，说某一位著名作家淫秽，另一位懒散，第三位又肤浅。
vinegary:酒鬼
The authoress, passing vinegary judgments on current literature, said that one famous author was obscene, another sloppy, a third superficial.
这位女作家对当代文学作了一番卑鄙的评论，说某一位著名作家淫秽，另一位懒散，第三位又肤浅。
obscene:卑鄙
The scandal goes to the heart of a covenant between any authoritarian regime and those who surrender freedom.
这宗丑闻直指独裁政权与那些放弃专制的人们之间订立的一个契约的核心。
authoritarian:专制
He had an extraordinary gift as a lightning composer of lyrics and songs of no mean merit, but in which he himself had no pride of authorship.
作为不可思议无暇的歌词和歌曲的闪电般的作者，他拥有非凡的天赋，但他本人对于他所创作出的歌曲却没有流露出得意之情。
extraordinary:不可思议
This is funny, intelligent and passionate, and also semi- autobiographical as it was Tanizaki's final work, written during his own illness.
这部小说聪明、理智而热烈，也是一部半自传体小说，因为它是谷崎在疾病中完成的最后作品。
intelligent:聪明
Sometimes, they are excellent innovators themselves, but given their autocratic tendencies, innovation for them is a one-man or one - woman show.
有时候，他们自己就是非常出色的创新者，可这使他们有独裁的倾向，创新对他们来说只能是一个人的表演。
excellent:非常出色
EVERY day, we live under the spell of an illusion: that our conscious mind is autonomous, and in control of our bodies and decisions.
每天，我们都是在假象的阴影下生活，即：我们有意识的心智是自主的，在我们的身体和判断的掌控之中。
conscious:有意识
In this photo, the chow-chow proves that even this delicate color can be paired with autumnal tones and that it looks fabulous with ebonized wood.
在这张照片里，整个房间的布置证明了这种敏感的颜色能和秋天的色调搭配得很完美，和黑檀木家具的搭配也很协调。
delicate:敏感
But in general their distinguishing features were beauty; a sense of craft; a strong, confident silhouette; and the marriage of tradition with the avant-garde.
但通常他们的特点都是华丽的设计，精巧的剪裁，强烈而自信的轮廓，还有传统与前卫的坚固结合。
strong:坚固
But in general their distinguishing features were beauty; a sense of craft; a strong, confident silhouette; and the marriage of tradition with the avant-garde.
但通常他们的特点都是华丽的设计，坚固的剪裁，强烈而自信的轮廓，还有传统与前卫的完美结合。
strong:坚固
We all have the freedom to be shy or extroverted, brainy or ditzy, stylish or schlumpy, old-fashioned or avant-garde.
我们每个人都可以自由自在地做人：腼腆或外向、有头脑或没头脑、时髦或典雅、老派或前卫。
stylish:典雅
We all have the freedom to be shy or extroverted, brainy or ditzy, stylish or schlumpy, old-fashioned or avant-garde.
我们每个人都可以自由自在地做人：腼腆或外向、有头脑或没头脑、时髦或羞怯、老派或前卫。
shy:羞怯
We all have the freedom to be shy or extroverted, brainy or ditzy, stylish or schlumpy, old-fashioned or avant-garde.
我们每个人都可以自由自在地做人：聪明或外向、有头脑或没头脑、时髦或邋遢、老派或前卫。
brainy:聪明
We all have the freedom to be shy or extroverted, brainy or ditzy, stylish or schlumpy, old-fashioned or avant-garde.
我们每个人都可以自由自在地做人：羞怯或外向、有头脑或没头脑、时髦或邋遢、老派或前卫。
shy:羞怯
We all have the freedom to be shy or extroverted, brainy or ditzy, stylish or schlumpy, old-fashioned or avant-garde.
我们每个人都可以自由自在地做人：笨拙或外向、有头脑或没头脑、时髦或邋遢、老派或前卫。
schlumpy:笨拙
We all have the freedom to be shy or extroverted, brainy or ditzy, stylish or schlumpy, old-fashioned or avant-garde.
我们每个人都可以自由自在地做人：腼腆或外向、有头脑或没头脑、时髦或笨拙、老派或前卫。
schlumpy:笨拙
We all have the freedom to be shy or extroverted, brainy or ditzy, stylish or schlumpy, old-fashioned or avant-garde.
我们每个人都可以自由自在地做人：腼腆或外向、有头脑或没头脑、时髦或聪明、老派或前卫。
brainy:聪明
In the picture on the front page of the newspaper, the face is an angry pumpkin, Japanese demon, dragon of avarice hanging in the sky, and the smoke is a witch's eyebrows or devil's horns.
在报纸的头版的封面图片上，那脸就像是万圣节的南瓜灯，日本的恶鬼或者是天空中生气的恶龙；而浓浓的黑烟就像是巫婆的眉毛或是魔鬼的犄角。
angry:生气
He describes her as “excitable, malicious, malignant, vengeful, unforgiving, selfish, stingy, avaricious, coarse, vulgar, profane, obscene, a furious blusterer on the outside and at heart a coward .”
他将她描述为“表面上是个易怒、怀恨、恶毒、记仇、无情、野蛮、贪婪、粗俗、下流、渎神、淫猥、狂躁的咆哮者，其实却是个胆小鬼。”
vulgar:野蛮
He describes her as “excitable, malicious, malignant, vengeful, unforgiving, selfish, stingy, avaricious, coarse, vulgar, profane, obscene, a furious blusterer on the outside and at heart a coward .”
他将她描述为“表面上是个易怒、怀恨、恶毒、记仇、无情、吝啬、野蛮、粗俗、下流、渎神、淫猥、狂躁的咆哮者，其实却是个胆小鬼。”
vulgar:野蛮
He describes her as “excitable, malicious, malignant, vengeful, unforgiving, selfish, stingy, avaricious, coarse, vulgar, profane, obscene, a furious blusterer on the outside and at heart a coward .”
他将她描述为“表面上是个易怒、怀恨、恶毒、记仇、无情、吝啬、贪婪、刺耳、下流、渎神、淫猥、狂躁的咆哮者，其实却是个胆小鬼。”
stingy:刺耳
He describes her as “excitable, malicious, malignant, vengeful, unforgiving, selfish, stingy, avaricious, coarse, vulgar, profane, obscene, a furious blusterer on the outside and at heart a coward .”
他将她描述为“表面上是个易怒、怀恨、恶毒、记仇、无情、吝啬、贪婪、野蛮、下流、渎神、淫猥、狂躁的咆哮者，其实却是个胆小鬼。”
vulgar:野蛮
He describes her as “excitable, malicious, malignant, vengeful, unforgiving, selfish, stingy, avaricious, coarse, vulgar, profane, obscene, a furious blusterer on the outside and at heart a coward .”
他将她描述为“表面上是个易怒、怀恨、恶毒、记仇、无情、吝啬、贪婪、粗俗、下流、渎神、淫猥、野蛮的咆哮者，其实却是个胆小鬼。”
vulgar:野蛮
Pride ranks only at No 5 for men, who are likely to have indulged in so much lust and gluttony that they are too slothful to feel angry, proud, envious or avaricious.
生气在男人易犯的原罪中只名列第五，因他们懒得去感到忿怒，生气，嫉妒或贪得无厌，却非常易犯邪淫和饕餮之罪。
angry:生气
When Zhou Enl ai's door opened theys aw a slender man of more th an aver age height with gleaming eyes and face so striking th at it bordered on the beautiful.
周恩来的房门打开时，他们看到的是一个身材瘦长的人超过平均身高两眼炯炯有神，面貌很引人注意，称得上纤细。
slender:纤细
And there you have it. Thanks to your friends at Aviary, a quick, easy, efficient way to skin a cat.
怎么样，猫的皮换掉了吧？这便是快捷、轻松、有效的给猫换皮的办法。
easy:轻松
And there you have it. Thanks to your friends at Aviary, a quick, easy, efficient way to skin a cat.
怎么样，猫的皮换掉了吧？这便是轻松、简单、有效的给猫换皮的办法。
easy:轻松
It is really amazing how sharp the objects are when you are looking through a glass Ray Ban 8032 Aviator Sunglasses Glass- gold / green.
当您从金色镜片或是绿色镜片的8032飞行员太阳镜中看出去，你会惊奇的发现事物是多么的尖锐。
sharp:尖锐
Maybe it was only the beginning of something better in life, better than you could ever have thought possible before clamping your avid jaws down over the vital bait.
也许这只是更美好生活的开始，要比你闭上狂热的嘴咬住那极为重要的鱼饵之前所能够想到的要好。
avid:狂热
Their results showed that avid GPS users have a higher risk of suffering from memory and spatial orientation problems.
他们的研究成果显示狂热的GPS用户患有记忆和空间方位方面问题的危险性更高。
avid:狂热
Some people think that the most transgress is avid for thr money.
有些人认为大多数犯罪可归咎于对金钱的狂热。
avid:狂热
Only his facial twitches and the ghost of an old stammer gave the lie to his calm, avuncular image.
他的面部会不时的抽搐，而且长久以来一直受到口吃的困扰，正是这些才帮他将谎言隐藏在他那平静慈祥长辈的形象下面。
calm:平静
While this is not typical, you should be aware of such potential problems at the kernel level.
尽管这种情况并不典型，但您应该注意内核级别的这类潜在问题。
typical:典型
But I love my awful life so much right now, that I find it hilarious when I am unable to convince anyone else of it.
即时它摧毁了我的家，但现在十分我喜欢我可怕的生活，当我不能使其他人确信是我发现它是欢闹的。
awful:可怕
Yet it's an awful paper that I would have shredded in a sea of red ink if it had come to me.
即便这样这还是一片非常可怕的论文如果让我审核的话它一定会被淹没在红墨水的海洋里去.
awful:可怕
When you break up with somebody you love, that ’s awful; and it takes time to get over.
当你和所爱的人分手了，那是件可怕极了的事，而且需要很长时间来恢复。
awful:可怕
Whether it ’s an awful or a brilliant one has a lot more to do with you than it does the idea.
它是一个糟糕的主意还是一个杰出的主意更多的取决于你怎么做而不是主意本身是好是可怕。
awful:可怕
Whether it ’s an awful or a brilliant one has a lot more to do with you than it does the idea.
它是一个可怕的主意还是一个杰出的主意更多的取决于你怎么做而不是主意本身是好是坏。
awful:可怕
The Internet will become our DVR, but one freed from the awful user interface of the current program guide.
互联网将成为我们的硬盘录像机，但一个摆脱可怕的用户界面的当前节目指南。
awful:可怕
No. This is really awkward. Truth really hurts. We men can get what we can't get at home. That's why they are important to us.
当然不是了。这真的很笨拙。事实很伤人啊。我们男人能在那里得到在家里得不到的满足。所以他们对我们很重要。
awkward:笨拙
It all seemed pretty tough, but now your little one might be asking what seems like the most awkward and embarrassing of questions: “Where do babies come from ?” Where indeed.
所有的这一切看起来似乎很艰难，但现在似乎你的小家伙可能会问他最喜欢的而令你最笨拙和难堪的问题是：“小婴儿是从哪里来的呢？”
awkward:笨拙
We all want to make a good first impression and not get stuck in an awkward conversation.
我们都希望给人留下好的第一印象而且不要陷入一种笨拙的谈话中。
awkward:笨拙
If you are always at every party she is at, but you never make your move …the tension will be more awkward to build in a social situation.
如果你总是出现在她在的每个派对，但是你从不做出你的行动……在一个社交的场景下，张力会变得更加笨拙。
awkward:笨拙
The crisis could not have come at a politically more awkward moment.
这场危机不可能在政治上更笨拙的时刻来临了。
awkward:笨拙
It seems as foolhardy not to discuss the option as it is to maintain such an awkward silence over China’s rise.
就像对中国的崛起保持尴尬的愚蠢一样，不讨论这一选项似乎也是很鲁莽的行为。
foolhardy:愚蠢
It seems as foolhardy not to discuss the option as it is to maintain such an awkward silence over China’s rise.
就像对中国的崛起保持笨拙的沉默一样，不讨论这一选项似乎也是很鲁莽的行为。
awkward:笨拙
It seems as foolhardy not to discuss the option as it is to maintain such an awkward silence over China’s rise.
就像对中国的崛起保持尴尬的笨拙一样，不讨论这一选项似乎也是很鲁莽的行为。
awkward:笨拙
It seems as foolhardy not to discuss the option as it is to maintain such an awkward silence over China’s rise.
就像对中国的崛起保持愚蠢的沉默一样，不讨论这一选项似乎也是很鲁莽的行为。
foolhardy:愚蠢
It may feel awkward at first and it may even temporarily slow your reading rate as you adjust, but using a pointer is critical if you want to improve your reading skill.
它可能会觉得笨拙，甚至它可能暂时放慢你的阅读速度，但作为一个调整，在初期使用一个指针是很关键的，如果你真的想提高你的阅读技能的话。
awkward:笨拙
As we waited in that room, Liz on her back in that awkward position once again, the tension grew while we anticipated the findings.
我们在房间里等待时，利兹又再次回到了那个尴尬的处境里，当我们猜测着结果的时候，气氛变得更加笨拙了。
awkward:笨拙
As we waited in that room, Liz on her back in that awkward position once again, the tension grew while we anticipated the findings.
我们在房间里等待时，利兹又再次回到了那个笨拙的处境里，当我们猜测着结果的时候，气氛变得更加紧张了。
awkward:笨拙
When you meet, it will not be as awkward as most first dates as you already have bits and pieces of information about each other to bank on and discuss further.
当你们见面时，就不会像第一次约会那么笨拙了，因为你们彼此已经了解了对方的一些零碎的资料了，可以更深一步地交谈下去。
awkward:笨拙
When you meet, it will not be as awkward as most first dates as you already have bits and pieces of information about each other to bank on and discuss further.
当你们见面时，就不会像第一次约会那么尴尬了，因为你们彼此已经了解了对方的一些笨拙的资料了，可以更深一步地交谈下去。
awkward:笨拙
Then there would be an awkward silence as the person tries to think of what to talk about next.
然后就会出现一段笨拙的沉默因为那人在思考下一步该谈什么。
awkward:笨拙
Then there would be an awkward silence as the person tries to think of what to talk about next.
然后就会出现一段尴尬的笨拙因为那人在思考下一步该谈什么。
awkward:笨拙
There shouldn’t have to be any of those awkward silences, there should be always things to talk about.
这其中不该有任何那种笨拙的沉默，而应该是总有说不完的话。
awkward:笨拙
There shouldn’t have to be any of those awkward silences, there should be always things to talk about.
这其中不该有任何那种尴尬的笨拙，而应该是总有说不完的话。
awkward:笨拙
Careful placement of parentheses and axes is important when selecting the desired results.
选择想要的结果时，括号和轴的小心放置是至关重要的。
Careful:小心
It would be grim if the full tree representation were always built, but remember that the whole point of AXIOM is that often this full representation is not needed.
如果始终构建完整的树表示，那才是应该悲惨的，但请记住，AXIOM的关键思想是在通常情况下并不需要完整的表示。
grim:悲惨
Slowly, as those in and around professional sports come out of their closet and embrace simple equality, the axis shifts just a bit more.
慢慢的，就像那些在专业体育界内部及周围的走出他们的小密室，支持更多的平等，轴心也进一步转变。
more:更多
A close relative to the lemur, the aye- aye's shaggy fur, huge ears and long, thin fingers make it one of the world's strangest animals.
它是狐猴的近亲，指猴蓬松的毛皮、巨耳加上粗糙狭长的手指让它称为是世界上最奇异的动物之一。
shaggy:粗糙
A close relative to the lemur, the aye- aye's shaggy fur, huge ears and long, thin fingers make it one of the world's strangest animals.
它是狐猴的近亲，指猴蓬松的毛皮、巨耳加上瘦狭长的手指让它称为是世界上最奇异的动物之一。
thin:瘦
A close relative to the lemur, the aye- aye's shaggy fur, huge ears and long, thin fingers make it one of the world's strangest animals.
它是狐猴的近亲，指猴粗糙的毛皮、巨耳加上纤细狭长的手指让它称为是世界上最奇异的动物之一。
shaggy:粗糙
A close relative to the lemur, the aye- aye's shaggy fur, huge ears and long, thin fingers make it one of the world's strangest animals.
它是狐猴的近亲，指猴瘦的毛皮、巨耳加上纤细狭长的手指让它称为是世界上最奇异的动物之一。
thin:瘦
Even the air shaft is a masterpiece, tiled in shades of azure, deep-tinted at the top and gradually lightening to spread sun evenly to all floors.
甚至连铺在蔚蓝阴影里的通风道都是杰作，通风道的上端颜色浓重，然后缓缓地变浅，最后深的将阳光洒落在所有的地板上。
deep:深
Our goal with this release is to ensure that customers have a robust, proven B2B platform regardless of the technology they choose – EDI or XML.
这次发布的目标就是确保客户能够拥有一个坚固的、经过验证的B2B平台，而不用管他们选择的技术是EDI还是XML。
robust:坚固
The slopes were no longer a nightmare when I had discovered the baboon trails where I could pull myself up the steepest parts by roots worn smooth by constant use.
在我发现了狒狒的行走路线之后，我可以在这里通过那些很平滑的斜坡，这时，斜坡对于我来说也不再是噩梦。
smooth:平滑
DR. MEADE: Would you want her to be taunted over rough roads and have the baby ahead of time in a buggy?
米医生：你想让她在粗糙的路上受颠簸，在马车上早产吗？
rough:粗糙
Not few young parents may choose a fashionable and comfortable baby carriage for their children when they are old enough to ride a carriage.
孩子稍大以后，不少年轻父母都会为其选购一款新潮时尚的童车。
fashionable:时尚
Of a sudden, the oft - told family tales to which she had listened since babyhood, listened half-bored, impatient and but partly comprehending, were crystal clear.
突然，那些经常谈起的家族故事，她从小就听，尽管有点无聊但仍然似懂非懂地听着故事，现在像水晶般清晰起来。
bored:无聊
Of a sudden, the oft - told family tales to which she had listened since babyhood, listened half-bored, impatient and but partly comprehending, were crystal clear.
突然，那些经常谈起的家族故事，她从小就听，尽管有点不耐烦但仍然似懂非懂地听着故事，现在像水晶般理解起来。
comprehending:理解
His new foster parents, the Smiths, are loving and kind, and he has been reunited with his youngest brother, whom the Smiths have raised since babyhood.
他的新养父母，史密斯，是爱，那种，他一直与他最小的弟弟，其中史密斯自婴孩提出团聚。
kind:那种
This may cause stomach upset, ulcers, headache, backache, high blood pressure and in severe cases can lead to panic attacks or a panic disorder.
这可能会引起胃部不适，溃疡，头痛，背痛，高血压，甚至在严重的情况下可能导致沮丧发作或沮丧障碍等疾病。
upset:沮丧
Backache, nausea and dodgy tonsils - these are just some of the symptoms caused by stones in your body. Astonishingly, millions of us have them.
背痛、恶心和扁桃腺炎-这些都是由身体结石造成的一些症状。令人愚蠢的是，数以万计的人们都有这些结石。
dodgy:愚蠢
For, what must be obliterated? Hate, prejudice, selfishness, backbiting, unkindness, anger, passion, and those things of the mire that are created in the activities of the sons of men.
但是，需要彻底抹去的是：仇恨、偏见、冷酷、反击、恶意、气愤和那些由人类所创造出来的泥潭般的时情和活动。
unkindness:冷酷
Because it offers an easy -to-use library that simplifies JavaScript so anyone (yes, even a dyed -in- the -wool back - end programmer) can create marvelous effects without any back-breaking work.
因为它提供了一种轻松易用的库，简化了JavaScript，因此任何人（没错，甚至一个彻彻底底的后端程序员）无需艰苦的工作就能创建非凡的效果。
easy:轻松
Another more recent back catalogue album, the title track here is like an epic and lush journey on a Persian magic carpet that becomes a hypnotic spiritual incantation!
另一张重新发行的专辑，有如乘坐波斯魔毯进行一趟史诗般肥沃的旅程，催眠般的灵性魔法！
lush:肥沃
Open year-round, the park ’s rugged, backcountry landscape also attracts wildlife viewers and hikers, and, in winter, skiers and snowboarders.
它是一所全年开放的公园，公园的粗糙道路、穷乡僻壤的景观吸引了到这里考察野生动植物的观众和徙步旅行者，在冬季这里也吸引了滑雪爱好者和运动员。
rugged:粗糙
It is lavish by any standards, but almost obscenely so against the backdrop of the enormous poverty elsewhere in the country.
在任何标准前，它都美艳无比，但在国内其他地方不可胜数的贫穷背景面前，它却又如此奢侈。
lavish:奢侈
Up 6- 2, then 6-5, Roddick fluffed a tough, though makeable, high backhand volley.
6: 2领先，被追到6：5，罗迪克在一场艰苦的对决中，表现有所不耐烦，即使他的反手截击已经很出色。
tough:不耐烦
To expect someone to quickly learn a new accent would be like expecting them to quickly master a perfect backhand swing if they've never played tennis before.
期望某个人能快速的学会一种新口音就像是期望之前从没打过网球的人快速掌握完美的反手回球一样。
perfect:完美
I felt quite flattered when Jane said that she knew her father would like me. Then I found out that he likes plump women who believe men are superior beings—a bit of a back-handed compliment, I felt.
她是一个夸张的女孩子，给人的印象是，只要有年轻人对她说些甜言蜜语，她就愿意与他一起私奔。
flattered:夸张
You see, this is a whole new brash, obnoxious Backpacker Generation for whom world travel is more about beer bongs and swapping hostel beds than it is any sort of cultural immersion.
看，这就是全新一代的、粗鲁恶毒、神憎鬼厌的背包族。对他们而言，环球旅行与其说是某种文化洗礼，不如说是啤酒瓶碰撞的当当声和旅馆床位的交易罢。
obnoxious:恶毒
You see, this is a whole new brash, obnoxious Backpacker Generation for whom world travel is more about beer bongs and swapping hostel beds than it is any sort of cultural immersion.
看，这就是全新一代的、恶毒自大、神憎鬼厌的背包族。对他们而言，环球旅行与其说是某种文化洗礼，不如说是啤酒瓶碰撞的当当声和旅馆床位的交易罢。
obnoxious:恶毒
It was intersected by just one back road and contained just one remote farmhouse, though fringed by farms, roads, and railroad.
这样遥远的地带只有一条公路可以通达，里面只有一处小小的农舍，虽然在它的外围分布着农场、道路和铁路。
remote:遥远
I really thought it was like that, the man seized the woman from behind and penetrated her backside —something vulgar and disgusting.
我真的以为那事儿就是像那个样子，男的从后面抓着女的，然后插入她的后方——野蛮不堪、令人作呕。
vulgar:野蛮
Now consider your appearance: four days' worth of scruff, bad skin, hair crispy and pointy like a Backstreet Boy’s.
现在再看看你的外表：四天未整理仪容的坏、糟糕的皮肤、像后街男孩那样头发笔直碎发满头。
bad:坏
While I’m normally productive, I get into occasional ruts (especially when I’ve been working back -to-back without rest).
就我个人工作而言，我通常颇有生产性，但偶尔也会陷入困顿（特别是当我连续不断不停工作的时候）。
productive:生产性
Some users found the new OS cranky and unreliable only to discover XP was being discontinued by Microsoft (who then had to backtrack and continue support for an allegedly discontinued product).
一些用户发现新的操作系统焦躁而且不可靠，只是因为微软停止支持XP(微软后来不得不改变主张重新为一个涉嫌被停止支持的系统提供技术支持)。
cranky:焦躁
How about finding a free, easy way to back -up your computer?
或是寻找一种既免费又轻松的方式为你的电脑系统做个备份？
easy:轻松
The defender is all set to torpedo your contract with his trump, but when he is caught in the powerful backwash of your high ruff his boat capsizes.
防家用他的将牌象装备了鱼雷一样攻击你的定约，但是当他被你大将吃的高的回流挤压，他的船都倾覆了。
high:高
She really made me feel like I was the bad guy bullying her, so I gave the shop an excellent comment for the grandma's purse.
她让我觉得好像我是坏人欺负她了似的，然后我就给了这个卖给我土气包包的店家一个非常出色的评价。
excellent:非常出色
When the popular press needs an iconic image of a brilliant scientist, it invariably recycles the famous photograph of Albert Einstein having a bad hair day.
当大众传媒需要一明亮英俊的科学家偶像时，就毫无例外地重复使用阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦那张头发凌乱的著名照片。
brilliant:英俊
When the popular press needs an iconic image of a brilliant scientist, it invariably recycles the famous photograph of Albert Einstein having a bad hair day.
当大众传媒需要一明亮耀眼的科学家偶像时，就毫无例外地重复使用阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦那张头发坏的著名照片。
bad:坏
When the popular press needs an iconic image of a brilliant scientist, it invariably recycles the famous photograph of Albert Einstein having a bad hair day.
当大众传媒需要一英俊耀眼的科学家偶像时，就毫无例外地重复使用阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦那张头发凌乱的著名照片。
brilliant:英俊
When the popular press needs an iconic image of a brilliant scientist, it invariably recycles the famous photograph of Albert Einstein having a bad hair day.
当大众传媒需要一明亮耀眼的科学家偶像时，就毫无例外地重复使用阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦那张头发凌乱的流行照片。
popular:流行
It's not the end of the world if you have a bad hair day.
就算坏了一整天，也不代表就是世界末日。
bad:坏
I left my office key at home, and had to drive back to get it. I'm really having a bad hair day!
今天真坏，我把办公室钥匙忘在家里了，现在得开车回去取。
bad:坏
It is not the end of the world if you have a bad hair day.
不算坏了一整天，也不代表就是世界末日了。
bad:坏
They don't seem too badly off---- they have smart clothes and a nice house.
他们似乎不算贫困，因为他们有聪明的衣服和房子。
smart:聪明
People who bad -mouth businessmen and women in general are missing the point.
那些坏批评经商的男女的那些人普遍是忽略了这一点。
bad:坏
The directors picked him because they thought the other two were too bad -tempered to get along with the office staff.
董事会选中了他是因为觉得另外两人脾气太坏，不能与工作人员和睦相处。
bad:坏
THE Cyclopses, according to mythology, were a race of bad-tempered and rather stupid one-eyed giants.
根据神话描述，那些叫做基克洛普斯的家伙被描绘成一群脾气愚蠢、笨头笨脑的独眼巨人。
stupid:愚蠢
The Edge Baffle Rig reduces the noise generated by jet interference and minimizes edge over- coating, particularly for low speed, heavy coatings.
边缘挡板用于降低喷流产生的噪音，并减少边缘镀层增重，特别用于低速及重镀层情况。
heavy:重
Under the influence of Western fashion in pre-Communist China, what had long been a baggy, modest dress evolved into this form-hugging sheath.
在解放前的中国，受西方风潮的影响，传统的宽大、谦卑的裙子演变成了这种紧包紧裹的贴身连衣裙。
modest:谦卑
There is something undeniably soulful about the eerie whine of the highland bagpipes.
高原风笛可怕的哀鸣有着让人无法抗拒的深情。
eerie:可怕
Mr. Wang was very worried, but he knew the train couldn't stop for him to pick the bag up.
王先生十分担心，但火车不可能停下来，让他去捡包。
worried:担心
Maybe; yet to me lugging a bag up and down the stairs of dismal council flats still didn't seem like a recipe for happiness.
或许的确如此；但对我来说，拖着个邮包在悲惨的政府福利房的楼梯上爬上爬下，似乎也不像是快乐的秘诀。
dismal:悲惨
Maybe; yet to me lugging a bag up and down the stairs of dismal council flats still didn't seem like a recipe for happiness.
或许的确如此；但对我来说，拖着个邮包在阴暗的政府福利房的楼梯上爬上爬下，似乎也不像是悲惨的秘诀。
dismal:悲惨
Wang was very worried, but he knew the train couldn't stop for him to pick the bag up.
王先生十分担心，但火车不可能停下来，让他去捡包。
worried:担心
I bake them in the oven until they are crisp and then toss them in a wok with chilli and ginger as in my experience customers tend to be squeamish about anything that is soft and squidgy.
我在烤炉里烘焙它们直到它们变的酥脆可口，然后再把它们扔到一口锅里，放上辣椒和生姜，因为据我的经验观察，顾客一般对一些尖锐而潮湿的东西感到恶心。
crisp:尖锐
The bank noted that the company has transformed itself from a bakery chain into regional food and beverage player with strong presence in Singapore and China.
该行认为公司已完成了从烘焙连锁企业到地区食品和餐饮企业的转型。其在新加坡和中国的业务份额坚固。
strong:坚固
Spread the asparagus on a rimmed baking sheet and roast for 15 minutes, or until browned, shifting the pan every 5 minutes so the asparagus cooks evenly.
然后，把芦笋散放在一个有框的烤板上烘烤15分钟，或将其烤至棕色即可。每5分钟移动一下平底锅以便使芦笋边缘受热。
rimmed:边缘
Preheat oven to 200C / 400F. Place bread, cut -side up, on baking sheet. Spread bread halves evenly with pesto, top with remaining ingredients.
烤箱预热到200C/400F。面包切面朝上放到烤盘上。在面包上头扩散抹上香草酱，然后铺上其它材料。
Spread:扩散
Baking soda is now most often used as a base rather than ammonia for reasons of lowered odor and toxicity; however, any weak base can be used to make crack cocaine.
现在人们经常用碳酸氢钠作为一种基础材料来代替氨水，因为它气味小，毒性弱；任何味淡的材料都可以用来制造快克。
weak:弱
Roll the dough with a rolling pin into a thin round shape. Place them on baking tray lined with non - stick mat. Cover with cling wrap for dough to rise.
将面团用木棍推簿成圆形，放入有不瘦布的焗盘，盖上保鲜纸作最后发酵。
thin:瘦
In an era of cost - cutting and layoffs, Wall Street philanthropy is a delicate balancing act.
在一个削减成本和裁员的时代，华尔街的慈善事业是一个敏感的平衡行为。
delicate:敏感
Since the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991, Kazakhstan has performed a delicate geopolitical balancing act, sharing its vast oil resources between Russia, China and the west.
自从1991年苏联解体后，哈萨克斯坦一直在玩着敏感的地缘政治平衡术，让俄罗斯、中国和西方共同分享其丰富的石油资源。
delicate:敏感
Looks like there is no easy way out for any hairstyle – unless one is naturally and happily bald without a wig!
像这样，并不是一种轻松的发型的解决之道-除非有人是天生的并且可以因为秃顶而快乐地或者！
easy:轻松
I do not feel like dating at times, just simply because I am not interested in dating or being in a romantic relationship with bald guys unless I meet someone really interesting.
可有时候我也没那么想去约会。原因很简单，除非那个男人真的很浪漫，否则要去和一个秃顶的男人约会或者谈恋爱可真算不上是一件有意思的事！
romantic:浪漫
"The bald eagle...is a bird of bad moral character; like those among men who live by robbing, he is generally poor, and often very messy "he argued.
他说：“白头鹰……品质恶劣；就像那些依靠抢劫过活的人一样，它穷困潦倒，杂乱不堪。”
messy:杂乱
"The bald eagle...is a bird of bad moral character; like those among men who live by robbing, he is generally poor, and often very messy "he argued.
他说：“白头鹰……品质恶劣；就像那些依靠抢劫过活的人一样，它穷困潦倒，坏不堪。”
bad:坏
An earnest expression, balding but with some beautiful white hair, thin lips, a sharp chin, glasses... I remember thinking you were not handsome enough for me.
依旧是那个英俊的形象，秃顶但却有少许美丽的白发，薄薄的嘴唇，尖尖的下巴，带着眼镜......我记得我曾认为你不够帅。
handsome:英俊
The voice had come from a man who, in the dim light, appeared to be thin, balding at the temples, with a sharp face furrowed by shifting wrinkles.
这个声音来自坐在尖锐的灯光里的一个男人，看上去瘦瘦的，太阳穴部位快变秃了，消瘦的面孔带着多变的皱纹。
sharp:尖锐
The voice had come from a man who, in the dim light, appeared to be thin, balding at the temples, with a sharp face furrowed by shifting wrinkles.
这个声音来自坐在昏暗的灯光里的一个男人，看上去瘦瘦的，太阳穴部位快变秃了，尖锐的面孔带着多变的皱纹。
sharp:尖锐
With New York easing its way into spring, being outdoors under a blue sky is almost as refreshing as the chance to stab a thumbtack into a fat, balding, caricature of a boss.
随着纽约逐渐进入春天，在蓝天下的户外活动就和把钉子钉进一个脂肪，秃顶的漫画老板的身上一样让人觉得过瘾。
fat:脂肪
You haven't changed the photo. An earnest expression, balding but with some beautiful white hair, thin lips, a sharp chin, glasses... I remember thinking you were not handsome enough for me.
你仍没有换头像，图片中的你仍然是一副认真的表情，秃顶，只剩下少许的英俊的白发，薄薄的嘴唇，尖尖的下巴，戴着一副眼镜，我记得那时我认为，你对我而言还不够帅。
handsome:英俊
You haven't changed the photo. An earnest expression, balding but with some beautiful white hair, thin lips, a sharp chin, glasses... I remember thinking you were not handsome enough for me.
你仍没有换头像，图片中的你仍然是一副认真的表情，秃顶，只剩下少许的瘦的白发，薄薄的嘴唇，尖尖的下巴，戴着一副眼镜，我记得那时我认为，你对我而言还不够帅。
thin:瘦
I love what we do, "Bale said." It's so bloody silly at times, isn't it?
我热爱我们所做的一切,"贝尔说,"那是一段残忍却又血腥的岁月,不是么?
bloody:血腥
I love what we do, "Bale said." It's so bloody silly at times, isn't it?
我热爱我们所做的一切,"贝尔说,"那是一段血腥却又愚蠢的岁月,不是么?
bloody:血腥
Drake’s voice sounds thicker and more sophisticated than Chen’s, but Chen’s tender voice would fit any kind of ballad.
尽管与陈翔相比，德雷克的嗓音更加地雄厚老练，但陈翔的精巧嗓音能够驾驭任何一种民谣。
sophisticated:精巧
Some noteless Gaelic poet had made this into a forgotten ballad, some odd verses of which my white- capped friend remembered and sang for me.
有位无名的盖尔诗人将这故事编成歌谣，但业已失传，不过戴白帽的朋友还记得奇特的几句，还曾念给我听。
odd:奇特
Notice whether examination ball bearing is quick at the same time, of the door open close deft, frame combines the stainless steel screw that whether uses.
同时注重检查滚珠轴承是否快速，门的启合是否方便轻便，框架组合是否用的不锈钢螺丝。
quick:快速
Shanghai, with an elegant new skyline and balletic freeways that surpass even most First World cities, itself is far from environmentally shabby.
还有上海，一个拥有粗糙的城市轮廓线、优雅的高速公路，这一切甚至超过发达国家城市，完全不是想象中的破败景象。
shabby:粗糙
Shanghai, with an elegant new skyline and balletic freeways that surpass even most First World cities, itself is far from environmentally shabby.
还有上海，一个拥有优美的城市轮廓线、粗糙的高速公路，这一切甚至超过发达国家城市，完全不是想象中的破败景象。
shabby:粗糙
They have a balletic freeway system; snazzy shopping malls; stylish skylines.
他们拥有典雅的高速公路、时髦的购物商场、现代的高楼大厦。
stylish:典雅
The models, who performed balletic moves with impressive control, stunned onlookers by holding their breath for minutes at a time, while remaining serene and calm.
模特们在水下的平静芭蕾舞姿是需要很强的“水性”以及个人在身体上的控制力的。她们每次在水下展示舞姿都长达数分钟，同时脸部表情还要表现出相当镇定的神情。
serene:平静
The models, who performed balletic moves with impressive control, stunned onlookers by holding their breath for minutes at a time, while remaining serene and calm.
模特们在水下的平静芭蕾舞姿是需要很强的“水性”以及个人在身体上的控制力的。她们每次在水下展示舞姿都长达数分钟，同时脸部表情还要表现出相当镇定的神情。
calm:平静
In place of the contrasting styles of the balletic Federer and the muscular Nadal, spectators were treated to long baseline rallies between two of the fastest players on the planet.
相比较优雅的费德勒和肌肉的纳达尔，观众只有通过底线才能判断谁是世界上最快的球员。
muscular:肌肉
In place of the contrasting styles of the balletic Federer and the muscular Nadal, spectators were treated to long baseline rallies between two of the fastest players on the planet.
相比较优雅的费德勒和长的纳达尔，观众只有通过底线才能判断谁是世界上最快的球员。
long:长
Only then she remembered how she must behave at a ball, and tried to assume the majestic manner that she considered indispensable for a girl at a ball.
只是在那时她才想起她在舞会场中应有怎样的举止，并且极力地摆出一副她认为一位女郎在舞会上必须具备的雄伟的姿态。
majestic:雄伟
John looks awkward for a ball player, but he is a rough diamond.
约翰看起来似是个粗糙的球员，事实上他是个可造之材。
rough:粗糙
The teams from the north of England are terrible. When we play them I have counted their centre-backs booting up to 30 long balls upfield per game.
英格兰的北部球队太可怕了，每次我们和他们交手，我有数过，他们的中后卫基本每场球都有30次大脚直接踢往前场。
terrible:可怕
While most men feel awkward when it comes to applying anything to their lips, they need to remember: lip balm is not lipstick.
当大多数男人需要做到唇部的表情时，他们总是很笨拙的，他们需要记住：唇膏不是口红。
awkward:笨拙
Crisp, clean balsam fir blends delightfully with fresh eucalyptus and sweet pine and layered with notes of bright apple, cedarwood and musk.
清脆，干净香脂冷杉，混合新鲜的桉树和松树甜和明亮的苹果，雪松和麝香调分层。
bright:明亮
Crisp, clean balsam fir blends delightfully with fresh eucalyptus and sweet pine and layered with notes of bright apple, cedarwood and musk.
明亮，干净香脂冷杉，混合新鲜的桉树和松树甜和鲜艳的苹果，雪松和麝香调分层。
bright:明亮
Crisp, clean balsam fir blends delightfully with fresh eucalyptus and sweet pine and layered with notes of bright apple, cedarwood and musk.
清脆，明亮香脂冷杉，混合新鲜的桉树和松树甜和鲜艳的苹果，雪松和麝香调分层。
bright:明亮
Balsamic vinegar is aged until it becomes dark and mellow, with a sweet- sour flavor.
陈酿的香醋至颜色黑暗，味道柔和酸甜。
mellow:柔和
Reduce the balsamic vinegar and veal gravy by half separately. Mix well and add rosemary.
将玫瑰花醋及烧汁各自煮至浓缩一半，拌匀，加入迷迭香。
rosemary:玫瑰花
I am the child in Uganda, all skin and bones, my legs as thin as bamboo sticks.
我是乌干达的孩子，全部的皮肤和骨头，我的双腿和竹杆一样瘦。
thin:瘦
Although the bamboo is the fastest - growing plant on Earth, it looks lazy at first because there is no branching … just growing lots of deep and wide roots.
虽然竹子是地球上生长最快的植物，但它最开始时看起来懒懒的，因为它并没有发枝长芽。。。只是不停地往下长出又宽又广的根。
wide:宽
Entitled William Eggleston's Guide, it was the first show of colour photography at Moma, a decision that incensed the critics almost as much as the supposedly banal and vulgar subject matter.
这次名为“威廉·埃格斯顿指南”的展览，是纽约现代艺术博物馆的第一场彩色摄影展。展示彩色作品，激怒批评家的程度，几乎不下于这些作品所谓平庸和野蛮的题材。
vulgar:野蛮
Entitled William Eggleston's Guide, it was the first show of colour photography at Moma, a decision that incensed the critics almost as much as the supposedly banal and vulgar subject matter.
这次名为“威廉·埃格斯顿指南”的展览，是纽约现代艺术博物馆的第一场彩色摄影展。展示彩色作品，激怒批评家的程度，几乎不下于这些作品所谓野蛮和粗俗的题材。
vulgar:野蛮
The whole album has a streak of sly humor running through it, hinted at by the album cover photograph of Cohen in shades posing with a banana peel.
整张专辑贯穿以一系列诡异的愚蠢，在专辑封面照片中科恩在背景中手持香蕉皮得以暗示。
sly:愚蠢
The whole album has a streak of sly humor running through it, hinted at by the album cover photograph of Cohen in shades posing with a banana peel.
整张专辑贯穿以一系列愚蠢的幽默，在专辑封面照片中科恩在背景中手持香蕉皮得以暗示。
sly:愚蠢
The vanishing Bandana is without a doubt one of the funniest magic routines you will ever perform, and now it's completely updated for the times … We've redone it, and redone it right!
消失的班丹纳花绸毫无疑问是你将执行的其中一个最魔术的不可思议的惯例，并且现在它是完全地更新在时代…我们再做了它和再做它正确！
magic:魔术
It’s easy to tell whether these simpler matrices have banded inverses, and if they do, their combination will, too.
判断这些轻松矩阵是否有带状逆阵要更容易，而如果它们有，那他们组合起来也会有。
easy:轻松
Like a bandit she lies in wait, and multiplies the unfaithful among men.
她埋伏好像强盗，她使人中多有不诚实的。
unfaithful:不诚实
Oversize watches are a great alternative to a cuff or bangle, and menswearinspired shoes offer a quirky touch.
超大手表是袖口或手镯的上佳替代品，以男装为奇特设计的鞋子展现出一种别样的风格。
quirky:奇特
Her minimal look extends to her jewellery, too - she rarely wears anything more than a simple strand of pearls or the plainest bangle.
她的简约风格也延伸到她的饰品上，她很少穿戴任何饰品，除了一串更多的珍珠或最更多的手镯。
more:更多
But I will endeavour to banish every painful thought, and think only of what will make me happy: your affection, and the invariable kindness of my dear uncle and aunt.
可是我一定会竭力打消一切快乐的念头，只去想一些能使我高兴的事───譬如想想你的亲切以及亲爱的舅父母对我始终如一的关切。
happy:快乐
But I will endeavour to banish every painful thought, and think only of what will make me happy: your affection, and the invariable kindness of my dear uncle and aunt.
可是我一定会竭力打消一切苦痛的念头，只去想一些能使我高兴的事───譬如想想你的快乐以及亲爱的舅父母对我始终如一的关切。
happy:快乐
It may be calamitous on the bank balance, but is it so morally reprehensible?
对银行存款余额来说可能是灾难性的，但是从精神上它是不是应该受到这样的谴责呢？
calamitous:灾难性
"The Trojan was smart enough to be able to look at the [victim's] bank balance ," says Yuval Ben-Itzhak, CTO of Finjan.
该木马十分聪明，能够看到受害者的账户余额，这比其他银行木马都要高级。
smart:聪明
There are very high lateral forces and we expect to see graining on the front left tyres, especially caused by the increasing radius turn two and the banked Turn 13.
这里侧向力高，我们预测左前胎会粒化，尤其是由半径增加的二号弯和倾斜度增大的13号弯造成的。
high:高
I do so all the time, regardless of oil prices, bankrupt airlines, and a weakening economy.
我一直都这么做，不考虑油价，倒闭的航班和破产的经济。
bankrupt:破产
Trust me you will be happy with your bank statement at the end of the day. You will also be able to sleep better at night.
相信我，等你看到银行对账单的时候你一定会很开心，晚上也能睡得快乐。
happy:快乐
Those blooms become a great banquet for krill, fish, penguins, whales, and other marine species who carve out a living in the cool waters of the far south.
这些水华成为了磷虾、鱼、企鹅、鲸鱼和其他海洋物种的一场盛宴，它们共同构成凉爽的南极冰冷海水中的生命。
cool:凉爽
All corporate meeting are supported by the latest sophisticated facilities and are attended by a professional team of banqueting and convention service personnel.
同时我们拥有一支经验丰富的队伍为您提供优质精巧的宴会和会议服务。
sophisticated:精巧
Must every semi- witty comment and dash of banter contain a pop - culture reference?
每条稍有几分聪明的评论和戏谑的抨击都必须包含着一种流行文化的引用吗？
witty:聪明
Those expecting Clooney ’s usual witty banter and megawatt smile will be disappointed.
那些希望看到克鲁尼聪明戏谑和招牌的电力十足微笑的观众们要失望了。
witty:聪明
Populations of Bantu -language speakers who live in southern Africa today are far darker than the Khoisan.
现在在南非，说班图话的族群，比郭依桑人更暗多了。
darker:更暗
However I cannot see a rational argument for saying eating dogs or cats is barbaric while eating pork or beef is fine.
但是我认为没有令人信服的论据可以说明：吃狗肉或猫肉是理性的，而吃猪肉或牛肉却是正当的。
rational:理性
At first, some of the critter ’s combat strategies seem barbaric or downright bizarre.
这些虫子的一些战斗策略起初看起来似乎很奇怪，很诡异。
bizarre:奇怪
But I was told to read it on the spot and it was grabbed away as soon as I had reached the last line … How can any honest and intelligent person justify the barbarism?
但他们却要我当场读完。当我刚读到最后一行的时候，信就被拽走了……没有任何聪明和有智力的人会为如此野蛮的行为而辩护的！
intelligent:聪明
But even worse were those that succeeded in exciting the senses, but in barbarous ways.
更令人兴奋的是那些成功制造了感官刺激，而方式却极为野蛮的影片。
exciting:令人兴奋
One of his lieutenants, Qari Hussain, a particularly barbarous individual, became adept at turning young Pakistanis into suicide bombers.
卡里·侯赛因是他的一名副手，但性格特别野蛮，擅长将巴基斯坦境内的年轻人培养成自杀人弹。
barbarous:野蛮
In "The Intellectual Beast Is Dangerous ", Brecht asserts: "A beast is something strong, terrible, devastating; the word emits a barbarous sound ."
在《聪明的野兽是危险的》一书中，Brecht 认为：“野兽是一种强壮的，糟糕的，破坏性的东西；这个词语放射出一种可怕的声音。”
terrible:可怕
In "The Intellectual Beast Is Dangerous ", Brecht asserts: "A beast is something strong, terrible, devastating; the word emits a barbarous sound ."
在《聪明的野兽是危险的》一书中，Brecht 认为：“野兽是一种强壮的，可怕的，破坏性的东西；这个词语放射出一种野蛮的声音。”
terrible:可怕
In "The Intellectual Beast Is Dangerous ", Brecht asserts: "A beast is something strong, terrible, devastating; the word emits a barbarous sound ."
在《可怕的野兽是危险的》一书中，Brecht 认为：“野兽是一种强壮的，糟糕的，破坏性的东西；这个词语放射出一种野蛮的声音。”
terrible:可怕
Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous.
如果按规则会说出完全野蛮的东西，立即打破上述规则。
barbarous:野蛮
These weird tools include funnel glasses designed to guide eyedrops into the eye (see photo), a toilet tissue holder hat, and a barbed alarm clock intended to wake up its user quickly.
例如，帮助使用者滴眼药水的漏斗眼镜(见图)、安装在使用者头上的卷筒纸架、让人尽快奇怪的带刺闹钟等。
weird:奇怪
The soft background of the cloud -filled blue sky contrasts well with the barbed wire foreground.
蓝天白云与带刺的防护网形成了柔软的对比。
soft:柔软
Once they were through, they put lifelike paper mache dummy heads adorned with flesh-tone paint and hair from the barbershop in their beds to fool the guards.
在打通之后，他们用很逼真的纸蒙到笨蛋头上，涂上皮肤的颜色，并且安上从理发店拿来的头发，然后放在床上，以此骗过守卫。
dummy:笨蛋
It was about the period that my narrative has reached: a bright frosty afternoon; the ground bare, and the road hard and dry.
大概就是我的故事正讲到的那个时期——一个晴朗而霜冻的下午，地面是光秃秃的，道路又硬又干。
frosty:霜冻
Ah, but there's been some debate over the years as to whether there might be rare instances when the mysterious singularity could be stripped bare, revealing its secrets to prying scientific eyes.
啊，近年来一直存在争论，即是否有朝一日罕见的奇点能够完全裸露在外，向科学家们揭开其罕见的面纱。这也就是所谓的“裸奇点”。
rare:罕见
The new barman didn't believe in the supernatural or poltergeists or anything kooky like that, he just knew an useful ally when he saw one.
新来的酒吧男侍不相信超自然现象，恶作剧的鬼怪，或是任何类似的愚蠢事情。当看见这手时，他只认为这是一个有用的同盟。
kooky:愚蠢
What once seemed a canny convergence play now looks like a barmy risk, for both the borrowers and the banks, chiefly Italian and Austrian, that lent to them.
对借方和银行看起来都有利可图的行为现在更像是一种野蛮的冒险。这些贷款主要来袭意大利和奥地利的银行。
canny:野蛮
For the moment, the spiritual gap between them and American news organizations is larger than even the most sober Chinese media baron probably imagines.
事实上，即使南方报业集团是中国最清醒的传媒大亨，但他们依然无法想象两者之间精神上的差距。
sober:清醒
Most of the surface of Antarctica is harsh and barren, but the waters that surround it bustle with specially adapted plants and animals.
南极洲大部分的表面严酷而贫瘠，但是在它周围的海水中活跃着特殊的已经是适应这种环境的植物和动物。
harsh:严酷
When we eventually see him do it, we realise that here is a ruthless, narcissistic, power - hungry boy who grows up to be the barrio boss.
直至最后见他杀害酒店职员及客人，我们才醒觉到，他是一个饥饿、自恋、追求权力的男孩，他希望长大后成为地区的黑帮头目。
hungry:饥饿
Proxy - based Spring AOP seem to be the perfect candidate, since it provides us with the simple structure and most importantly the execution mechanism.
基于代理的（Proxy-based）SpringAOP看起来是理想的选择，因为它给我们提供了完美的结构和最重要的东西——执行机制。
perfect:完美
There was no possible way of getting out of it, and so, in deep humiliation, I set about preparing to "answer" a mass of baseless charges and mean and wicked falsehoods.
我无法摆脱这种困境，只得深怀耻辱，准备着手“答复”那一大堆毫无根据的指控和邪恶下流的谎言。
wicked:邪恶
We were making desperate love in your basement when you told me about spacetime.
我们在你的地下室绝望做爱，而你同时在向我诠释时空。
desperate:绝望
But the garter was so bashful, so modest, and thought it was a strange question to answer.
不过袜带是非常谦卑的。要回答这样一个问题，她觉得非常困难。
modest:谦卑
But the garter was so bashful, so modest, and thought it was a strange question to answer.
不过袜带是非常奇怪的。要回答这样一个问题，她觉得非常困难。
strange:奇怪
What this means is that should a woman (or indeed a very bashful man) be caught wearing a veil, they will either face a €150 fine or be ordered to follow citizenship classes, or both.
该法案意味着，如果一位女士（或者实际上一位过分腼腆的男士）戴上面纱，就会被抓起来，面临着150欧元的罚款，或者被罚去上公民课补习班，更羞辱的话就双管齐下。
bashful:羞辱
New Year's bash in an abandoned high-rise building turns into a grisly bloodbath when five guests receive a mysterious txt invite to a VIP party on the 27th floor.
在一个于弃置大厦顶楼举行的华丽派对中，五位宾客分别收到相同的悲惨短讯，被邀约到大厦的27楼参加另一个派对。
grisly:悲惨
The virus was transmitted to close contacts in a basic training environment, with limited transmission outside the basic training group.
病毒通过在同一个基本训练组的士兵之间的近距离接触进行传播，而在训练组之外的传播则比较有限。
limited:有限
Lemongrass, for example, requires soil with high draining capability, where as basil can grow well in clay soil, which drains less.
“像柠檬草，就要求土壤具有少排水能力，而罗勒在排水性能差点的黏土中生长不错”。
less:少
Perhaps it was because she'd got through the tricky 80s, 90s and 100s, and was now able to bask in her top 10 status, but even without the title of supercentenarian I'm sure Ellen would be cheerful.
也许因为她已度过了令人棘手的80、90和100的年龄段，现在可以愉快享受她的前十名位置。但我相信即便没有超级百岁老人的头衔，埃伦还是能活得很开心。
cheerful:愉快
LL: Oh, a basket case is someone who is really upset or nervous.
噢，原来basketcase就是指一个人很沮丧，很不高兴。
upset:沮丧
He who entered those dreary mines was lost for ever to human knowledge; and Bass may have perished there after years of wearisome and unknown labour.
谁也不知道他可能呆过的偏远的银矿的情况，巴斯也许就是在那里,成了无人在意其生死的苦力，度过沉闷的余生。
dreary:沉闷
The Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen is a scent hound developed to hunt small game over the rough and difficult terrain of the Vendéen region.
贝吉格里芬凡丁犬是一种嗅觉猎犬，培养目的是用来在粗糙艰难的芬凡丁地区捕捉小型猎物。
rough:粗糙
The Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen is a French scent hound developed first and foremost to hunt small game over the rough and difficult terrain of the Vendéen region.
贝吉格里芬凡丁犬是一种嗅觉猎犬，培养目的是用来在粗糙艰难的芬凡丁地区捕捉小型猎物。
rough:粗糙
We walked in so pure and bright a light, gilding the withered grass and leaves, so softly and serenely bright, I thought I had never bathed in such a golden flood, without a ripple or a murmur to it.
我们漫步于其中的光照，是这样的明亮与熠耀，满目衰草树叶，一片金黄，晃晃之中又是这般柔和和恬静，没有一丝涟漪，一息呜咽。我想我从来不曾沐浴过这么优美的金色光波。
bright:明亮
The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bather about whether you are happy or not.
痛苦的密密在于有闲工夫但心自己是悲惨。
miserable:悲惨
Superman may occasionally have worked the chin a little more than Batman did, but all the heroes had the barrel chest, the strong arms, the square jaws and the confident smiles.
超人可能下巴比蝙蝠侠的更坚固一点，不过所有英雄都有宽阔的胸膛、强壮有力的胳臂，方形的下颚和自信的微笑。
strong:坚固
Only one other batsman since the second world war had averaged over 100 in two separate seasons –and no one had ever done it in consecutive years.
在二战以后，只有另一个击球手可以做到在不分开的两个赛季平均击出100个好球，历史上也没有人能在分开的两个赛季做到这些。
separate:分开
He was also the closest thing I ever saw to the perfect batsman –balanced, nimble, technically superb, hungry and athletic: a once-in-a-gener a tion player.
他也是我所见到过的最接近完美的击球手：平衡、敏捷、技术卓越、饥渴而柔和。简而言之，他是同代选手中百里挑一的。
nimble:柔和
He was also the closest thing I ever saw to the perfect batsman –balanced, nimble, technically superb, hungry and athletic: a once-in-a-gener a tion player.
他也是我所见到过的最接近完美的击球手：平衡、柔和、技术卓越、饥渴而强壮。简而言之，他是同代选手中百里挑一的。
nimble:柔和
He was also the closest thing I ever saw to the perfect batsman –balanced, nimble, technically superb, hungry and athletic: a once-in-a-gener a tion player.
他也是我所见到过的最接近柔和的击球手：平衡、敏捷、技术卓越、饥渴而强壮。简而言之，他是同代选手中百里挑一的。
nimble:柔和
When a whole line succeeded it looked splendid, like a marching battalion with faint band- music playing, and a gold star shining at the end.
当一整行都写完时，看上去相当暗淡，就像军队伴着微弱的背景音乐在行军，结尾处还有一颗金色的星星在闪耀。
faint:暗淡
It ’s a thin flat cake made from batter and fried on both sides – much like a crepe.
它是用由鸡蛋、牛奶、面粉等调成的面糊做成，又瘦又平，两面煎炸，很像可丽饼。
thin:瘦
Yorkshire pudding is an English savory dish similar to the American popover, and made from batter.
约克郡布丁是一道可口的英国食品，由面糊制成，有点类似于美国的香气烤酥饼。
savory:香气
Down south, it ’s usually cod, but wherever you find it, there are few things to beat the taste of fish steaming inside crunchy batter and chips doused in vinegar.
而南方通常用鳕鱼肉，好吧，不管你是在哪儿找到它的，坐下来咬上一口热气腾腾的粗糙鱼肉，吃着浇上醋汁的炸薯片，这种美妙的滋味真是妙不可言。
crunchy:粗糙
In response to Garfield's battle cry, I tried to act constructively and get my fellow frustrated cable customers, who now can be heard via blogs and Google, to reinvent the industry in their image.
作为对Garfield战斗口号的回应，我曾尝试采取建设性的行动，让那些沮丧的、同时可以通过博客和Google被外界所了解的有线电视客户重新构建他们理想中的服务。
frustrated:沮丧
MIGHTY 】 The mighty battleship was so badly damaged that it could not be used again.
极强的战舰受到严重的损害，无法再使用。
mighty:极强
Gentlemen Prefer Blonds: White hot hair lends the villainous Roy Batty an aura of icy, alien ‘otherness’ in Ridley Scott ’s unparalleled sci- fable Blade Runner.
爱金发的绅士：在莱德利•斯科特（RideyScott）无可比拟的科幻影片《银翼杀手》中，白热色头发让外星人的罗伊•巴蒂（RoyBatty）浑身散发着冰冷的异域气息。
alien:外星人
And Madame Duvernoy, who had been moving towards the mantelpiece, was now playing with the bauble as she spoke, and casting covetous looks at it.
迪韦尔诺瓦夫人走近壁炉，拿起她刚讲到的那件首饰把玩着，并用吹嘘的眼光盯着它。
bauble:吹嘘
Ideal date: Classical concert, dinner at a health food restaurant, bawdy stand -up or drag show then back home for a nightcap.
理想约会：古典音乐会，健康餐厅的晚餐，淫秽的站姿或扮装秀，然后回家去品尝睡前的小饮料。
Ideal:理想
Fresh palate with smooth acidity. The floral and fruity notes are complemented by nuances of thyme, bay leaf and green apple.
口感清新，酸味平滑，百里香、月桂树叶和青苹果的味道补充了原有的花香和果味。
smooth:平滑
Tasting Notes: Fresh palate with smooth acidity. The floral and fruity notes are complemented by nuances of thyme, bay leaf and green apple.
口感清新，酸味平滑，百里香、月桂树叶和青苹果的味道补充了原有的花香和果味。
smooth:平滑
CAIRO (Reuters) - A bomb killed a French teenager and wounded at least 20 other people in a crowded square near a popular tourist bazaar in the Egyptian capital Cairo on Sunday, officials said.
开罗（路透社）——本周日，在埃及首都开罗旅游观光市场附近的流行广场上。一枚炸弹导致一名法国少年死亡，还有另外至少20人受伤。
popular:流行
CAIRO (Reuters) - A bomb killed a French teenager and wounded at least 20 other people in a crowded square near a popular tourist bazaar in the Egyptian capital Cairo on Sunday, officials said.
开罗（路透社）——本周日，在埃及首都开罗旅游观光市场附近的拥挤广场上。一枚炸弹导致一名法国少年死亡，还有另外至少20人受伤。
crowded:拥挤
inexpensive, fun, simple to make and customize, they add the perfect decoration for a late night BBQ with a group of friends or a night of gin and tonics with the one you love.
这些灯笼便宜，有趣，设计方法完美，在与一群朋友深夜烧烤聚会上或与爱人的浪漫品酒夜里，会是最好的装饰。
perfect:完美
inexpensive, fun, simple to make and customize, they add the perfect decoration for a late night BBQ with a group of friends or a night of gin and tonics with the one you love.
这些灯笼便宜，完美，设计方法简单，在与一群朋友深夜烧烤聚会上或与爱人的浪漫品酒夜里，会是最好的装饰。
perfect:完美
inexpensive, fun, simple to make and customize, they add the perfect decoration for a late night BBQ with a group of friends or a night of gin and tonics with the one you love.
这些灯笼便宜，有趣，设计方法简单，在与一群朋友深夜烧烤聚会上或与爱人的完美品酒夜里，会是最好的装饰。
perfect:完美
(Goose is the generic name for a white female tourist who supports a Beach Bum) Whether she was young or old, fat or slim, he would be devoted to her until she left.
“嫖客”是对于一个沉迷沙滩玩乐白人女性旅客通称)不管她是年轻或老迈，脂肪或者苗条，海滩男孩都会陪伴着直到结束。
fat:脂肪
(Goose is the generic name for a white female tourist who supports a Beach Bum) Whether she was young or old, fat or slim, he would be devoted to her until she left.
“嫖客”是对于一个沉迷沙滩玩乐白人女性旅客通称)不管她是瘦弱或老迈，肥胖或者苗条，海滩男孩都会陪伴着直到结束。
slim:瘦弱
Some guests will head straight to the 450 meters of white-sand beach for sun and surf, while others might prefer to laze around the sprawling, picturesque Two-Tiered Pool.
您可以径直奔向450米长的海岸线，与阳光沙滩亲密接触；或是懒洋洋躺在大型白色双层泳池旁小憩片刻；
white:白色
The gowns feature intricate beading, feathers, flowers, embroidered bodices, illusion sleeves and big, elaborate skirts.
他的长礼服风格迥异，以复杂的珠饰、羽毛、花纹、镶边的紧身衣和引人遐想的袖子和刺绣的裙子下摆为特色。
embroidered:刺绣
"With images beamed worldwide as they occurred, the horrific tragedy that beset Japan in recent days has affected everybody ," Beady Eye said in a statement on its website.
“泡泡眼”乐队在其官网公开发表声明称：“日本近日发生的可怕灾难的影像传遍了世界，所有的人都深有感触。”
horrific:可怕
When he raised his lantern, the light shone full on those beady eyes.
当他把马灯举起来的时候，光线瞬间充满了那双像鹰一样柔和的眼睛。
beady:柔和
Many of us saw our first puffin and were smitten: that beak, and a strong look, I've always thought, of Johnny Morris.
我们中有许多人是第一次看见海鹦，它给我们留下深刻的印象。你看那鸟嘴，那坚固的模样，使我总是想起乔尼茅利斯。
strong:坚固
Both are rebels from Korea's crippling and prohibitively expensive treadmill of education, marriage and family, hailed as the be- all and end - all by the taciturn older generation.
他们都是韩国教育、婚姻和家庭单调模式的反叛者，而在缄默的老一代人看来，这些危害冷漠、费用高昂的模式乃是人生的最终目标。
taciturn:冷漠
Concentration is like a narrow beam of light shining on a task. Awareness is the soft, full light of attention.
关注点就像你伏案工作时的那一束微光，而觉悟是意识世界里温存狭窄的阳光普照。
narrow:狭窄
In short, China's IPR protection effort will carry the full force of steel, and it will definitely not be something that is soft as bean curd, so to speak.
总之，我们对知识产权保护一定能像钢铁一样硬，而不是像豆腐那样短。
short:短
In short, China's IPR protection effort will carry the full force of steel, and it will definitely not be something that is soft as bean curd, so to speak.
总之，我们对知识产权保护一定能像钢铁一样短，而不是像豆腐那样软。
short:短
His face, now a man’s face, has traces of a beard and strong jawline, but it retains the softer, younger boy ’s face that I remember from whenwe first met.
他的脸，如今是一个成人的脸，有胡须的痕迹和强有力的下颌的轮廓，但仍保持着我们初次见面时较为坚固的年轻男孩的脸相。
strong:坚固
His face, now a man ’s face, has traces of a beard and strong jawline, but it retains the softer, younger boy’s face that I remember from whenwe first met.
他的脸，现在是一张男人的脸，有着胡须的痕迹和有型的下巴，但是仍旧是一张我所记得的初次见到的那张年轻柔软的脸庞。
softer:柔软
But what makes his beastly behaviour just about OK is the line of business he is in.
但他这种恶劣行为之所以可以野蛮，原因与他所处的行业有关。
beastly:野蛮
But in one narrow aspect of life, beauty can be a hindrance, something researchers have called the'beauty is beastly' effect.
但在生活中的某些狭窄方面，美丽可能会成为一种阻碍，研究者称之为“红颜祸水”效应。
narrow:狭窄
Pet. 2:16 But had reproof for his own transgression: a dumb beast of burden, uttering with a man's voice, restrained the madness of the prophet.
彼后二16为自己的过犯且受了责备；那不能说话的驴，竟以人声发言，拦阻了申言者的愚蠢。
dumb:愚蠢
The prime example is a car. If you work during high school and college, save for a car, you ’ll probably get a “beater ” or otherwise inexpensive car because that ’s what you can afford.
最好的例子就是买车，如果你在中学或者大学期间就做兼职，想着攒钱来买辆汽车，你将很可能只能买到卷轴机，不然就是很高的汽车，因为你的经济只买得起这些。
high:高
Beatific Vision is a Gay Spiritual comedy about getting what you need as opposed to what you think you want.
福的视觉是关于得到的一个灵性精神喜剧什么您需要与什么相对您认为您要。
Spiritual:灵性
Perhaps the Beatific Vision itself has some remote kinship with this lowly experience.
或许至福幻象本身就同这种遥远的体验有着某种淡薄的血缘关系。
remote:遥远
It was lucky he did—he beat out (5) 300 other young boys to join Boyzone, a group which would become one of the biggest pop acts ever.
很年轻，他击败了另外300个男孩而加入了后来成为有史以来最成功的流行组合之一的“男孩地带”。
young:年轻
Cinderella will return the dirty appearance formerly, wearing beat -up clothes. Oh, it is too bad.
辛黛瑞拉会变成原来脏脏的样子，穿着破旧的衣服。哎呀，那就坏啦。
bad:坏
Tap the beat -up by the weekend, the heart palpitate looked up, the last strong open our bleary eyes.
周末被乒乒乓乓的敲打声悲伤，心脏突突跳得厉害，不得已强睁开惺忪的睡眼。
bleary:悲伤
If you admire fancy words, if every sky is beauteous, every blonde curvaceous, every intelligent child prodigious, if you are tickled by discombobulate, you will have a bad time with Reminder 14.
如果你喜欢卖弄的话——每块天空都是用beauteous（美丽的，此为古语）来形容，如果每个金发女郎都用curvaceous （聪明的，此单词有贬义）来形容，discombobulate这个词能把你逗乐，那么你在此条提示中绝对不会太好过。
intelligent:聪明
If you admire fancy words, if every sky is beauteous, every blonde curvaceous, every intelligent child prodigious, if you are tickled by discombobulate, you will have a bad time with Reminder 14.
如果你喜欢卖弄的话——每块天空都是用beauteous（美丽的，此为古语）来形容，如果每个金发女郎都用curvaceous （弯曲的，此单词有贬义）来形容，discombobulate这个词能把你逗乐，那么你在此条提示中绝对不会太好过。
curvaceous:弯曲
Easy operation Intelligent touch screen has setup therapy parameter so that suitable for doctor and beautician to master it.
操作适宜-智能触摸屏界面，已预先设置治疗参数，美容师和医师都可以快速掌握治疗操作。
suitable:适宜
Easy operation Intelligent touch screen has setup therapy parameter so that suitable for doctor and beautician to master it.
操作轻松-智能触摸屏界面，已预先设置治疗参数，美容师和医师都可以快速掌握治疗操作。
Easy:轻松
This girl, though, she was so kind and beautiful, he figured, what the hell?
然而，这个女子，曾经他认为如此那种美丽的女子，究竟他妈怎么了？
kind:那种
CSS gives programmers an easy, efficient way to define a web page ’s layout and beautify the page with design elements like colors, rounded corners, gradients, and animation.
CSS给网页程序员提供了一个轻松，有效的方式来定义网页的布局，可以使用颜色，圆角，渐变和动画等设计元素来美化网页。
easy:轻松
These are the ingredients that are intended to nourish and beautify, making your hair shinier, smoother, softer, thicker, and more manageable.
这就是那些号称能够营养和美化头发的成分，使得头发更闪亮、顺滑、柔软、更好打理。
softer:柔软
The prevailing currents cause flotsam from around the world to accumulate in a vast becalmed patch of ocean.
季节性洋流把全世界的废物带到这片辽阔而沉闷的海面。
becalmed:沉闷
This was a mistake because they all discovered how easy it was to be a pirate and became one.
这是一个错误，因为他们都发现做一个海盗是何等的轻松，并且都成的海盗。
easy:轻松
While Treasuries look rich, other parts of the bond market beckon, including municipals, corporate bonds, convertible securities, some mortgage securities and preferred stock.
虽然国债看上去富人，债券市场的其他品种更有吸引力，它们包括市政债券，公司债券，可转换证券，一些抵押贷款证券和优先股。
rich:富人
At press time, King Leopold was reportedly planning to amass a battalion of 1, 200 hardy foot soldiers, including 50 mighty water bugs, to seek out the location of the bedbug stronghold.
截至记者发稿时，据说利奥波德国王正计划聚集一个加强营的兵力——由1200名脚力坚硬的士兵组成，其中包括50只体型硕大而又凶猛无比的御林侍卫蟑螂，准备搜寻出臭虫老巢的确切位置。
hardy:坚硬
I was very disappoint, I knew that you just a little silent and buzz bedbug!
我感到非常失望，我知道你只不过是有点吵闹的小臭虫而已！
buzz:吵闹
Nothing is more easy to present to the imagination than the Bishop's bedchamber.
去想象一下主教的卧室，再轻松也没有了。一扇窗门朝着园子，对面是床??
easy:轻松
Nothing is more easy to present to the imagination than the Bishop's bedchamber.
去想象一下主教的卧室，再轻松也没有了。
easy:轻松
But the feeling that lives in instantly should begin from oneself, is not to enter bedchamber to just begin, and it is till what acquire concatenate move from embrace that begins momently.
但是活在当下的感受要从自己开始，而不是进入卧房才开始，而且是从互相拥抱直到获得混杂感的那一刻开始。
concatenate:混杂
If you are a true Apple fanboy/girl here is a piece of bedding design that should be ideal for you.
如果你是一位理想的苹果迷，那么这款寝具设计应该是你梦寐以求的。
ideal:理想
Yuncai But is not like it or even if she was with Strange Bedfellow Gongchen, think the depressed.
不过晕菜的是就算不喜欢还是得与她同床共枕，想想就沮丧。
depressed:沮丧
If it's not possible to give an actress a fully terrible haircut, efforts should be made to at least add some bedhead to the proceedings.
如果不能给一个女演员制造一个完全可怕的发型，至少得花点心思稍加破坏一番。
terrible:可怕
All hell broke loose, the police came into a by - now crowded ring to try and restore order and like a ripple effect the bedlam moved to the hotel lobby and then the streets outside.
情况变得一团拥挤，警察冲进此刻已经被围得水泄不通的拳击台，试图恢复秩序，可拥挤如发生连锁反应一样，向酒店大厅，接着向外面的街道扩散而去。
crowded:拥挤
If sofa sets, pillow cases, bed linen bedspread, tablecloths, replaced by white, the colour green or stately, white or beige up the thin screens, gives a fresh feeling refreshed.
如将沙发套、枕套、床单床罩、桌布等换成米白、嫩绿或水蓝颜色，挂上白色或米色的薄窗纱，给人以庄严爽快感觉。
stately:庄严
If sofa sets, pillow cases, bed linen bedspread, tablecloths, replaced by white, the colour green or stately, white or beige up the thin screens, gives a fresh feeling refreshed.
如将沙发套、枕套、床单床罩、桌布等换成米白、嫩绿或水蓝颜色，挂上白色或米色的薄窗纱，给人以清新庄严感觉。
stately:庄严
The net, of course, finally closed around him, and as he lay in the terrible frying - pan bed, he thought, "If I get out of this, I'll never live again in the limits of the lake. Next time, the ocean !"
当然，最终他还是被渔网围住了，当躺在可怕的煎锅里的时候，他在想：“如果我从这锅里出去，我再也不会生活在有限的湖水里了，下次，是海洋！
terrible:可怕
Suddenly the door bursts open and the Time Traveler appears, dirty, disheveled, and bedraggled, with a nasty cut on his chin.
突然，门猛然开了，时间旅行家出现。他十分恶毒，衣冠不整，满身是泥，下巴颏被严重划伤。
nasty:恶毒
Suddenly the door bursts open and the Time Traveler appears, dirty, disheveled, and bedraggled, with a nasty cut on his chin.
突然，门猛然开了，时间旅行家出现。他十分散乱，衣冠不整，满身是泥，下巴颏被严重划伤。
disheveled:散乱
The lurid presentment so powerfully affected her imagination in the silence of the sleeping house that her nightgown became damp with perspiration, and the bedstead shook with each throb of her heart.
睡觉的屋子里一片寂静，阴险的场面太强烈了，因而她的想象也就更逼真，吓出了一身冷汗，把睡衣都湿透了，她的心猛烈地跳动着，每跳动一次，床也就震动一下。
lurid:阴险
Mark Twain said, "I have beeb through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened."
马克·吐温说过，“我一生经历过许多可怕的事，但有一些纯粹是偶然。”
terrible:可怕
And they stood in a beech -wood that had just put on its first green, where the woodroof* at their feet sent forth its fragrance, and the pale-red anemony looked so pretty among the verdure.
他们站在苍白了新叶子的山毛榉林里，绿色的车叶草在他们的脚下散发着香气；淡红的秋牡丹在这一片绿色中显得分外的华丽。
pale:苍白
I want a beefcake for a boyfriend and not some scrawny shrimp.
我要一个健美的男朋友，而不是一个粗糙的软脚虾。
scrawny:粗糙
Features: This steak meat is exquisite, adopt import high-grade beef steak, is of the best products.
特点：此款牛扒肉质优美，选料精细，采用进口高档牛肉，是牛扒中的上上之品。
exquisite:优美
Features: This steak meat is exquisite, adopt import high-grade beef steak, is of the best products.
特点：此款牛扒肉质细腻，选料优美，采用进口高档牛肉，是牛扒中的上上之品。
exquisite:优美
The result, in the near perfect 2005 vintage, is a beefy wine, deep in colour, ample in spice and fruit, and with a wholesome structure.
结果在大获成功的2005年葡萄酒会上诞生了一种颇为浓稠的葡萄酒，它色泽完美，果香味十足，并且其中的成分有益健康。
perfect:完美
You expect a big, beefy man to have a deep, deep voice. But my beefy neighbor who must weigh 120 kilos has a high -pitched squeaky voice like a man half his size.
这人说：“你以为一个个子高大、非常粗壮的人，他的声音一定会非常笨拙。但是我那邻居，虽然他高头大马，体重有120公斤，然而他的声音却又高又细，就像一个体格比他小一半的人发出来的声音。”
squeaky:笨拙
You expect a big, beefy man to have a deep, deep voice. But my beefy neighbor who must weigh 120 kilos has a high -pitched squeaky voice like a man half his size.
这人说：“你以为一个个子深、非常粗壮的人，他的声音一定会非常低沉。但是我那邻居，虽然他高头大马，体重有120公斤，然而他的声音却又高又细，就像一个体格比他小一半的人发出来的声音。”
deep:深
A unique monitoring display screen and beeper help to ensure the smooth operation of the AWTS unit.
液晶体显示器平滑展示滤心及紫外光灯使用状况，确保净水器操作无误；
smooth:平滑
For scientists have discovered that the so-called'beer belly' is not caused by consuming alcohol – but more to do with genetics.
因为科学家们已经发现所谓的'啤酒肚'并不是由于大量引用酒精--但是却与基因有更多关系。
more:更多
LICHTMAN: But the story is how these crows use sticks to pull out these juicy, long - horned beetle larvae.
李奇曼：但是这个故事讲的是，这些乌鸦如何使用树枝钓出了这些甜味多汁的，长角甲虫的幼虫。
juicy:甜味
I beg you that when I come I may not have tobe as bold as I expect to be toward some people who think that we liveby the standards of this world.
有人以为我是凭着血气行事，我也以为必须用大胆待这等人。求你们不要叫我在你们那里的时候，有这样的大胆。
bold:大胆
Since the party's preferred historical narrative casts it as the only begetter of China's liberation and subsequent rise, this awkward complication is hard to overlook.
鉴于共产党偏爱的史家将共产党塑造成中国的自由与复兴之父，这个笨拙的时刻就很难忽略。
awkward:笨拙
To do that, they need her to be conscious and responsive through the beginning of the operation process.
要做到这些，他们需要她在手术开始到结束的过程中保持神志有意识并能做出应答。
conscious:有意识
Spring, the delicate leaves of Bristol, a white as jade, thin as the flowers of Begonia.
春天，娇嫩的碧叶中，一簇簇洁白如玉，瘦如轻纱的海棠花盛开了。
thin:瘦
Spring, the delicate leaves of Bristol, a white as jade, thin as the flowers of Begonia.
春天，瘦的碧叶中，一簇簇洁白如玉，薄如轻纱的海棠花盛开了。
thin:瘦
Spring, the delicate leaves of Bristol, a white as jade, thin as the flowers of Begonia.
春天，敏感的碧叶中，一簇簇洁白如玉，薄如轻纱的海棠花盛开了。
delicate:敏感
Eradication of this disease is being achieved not by a powerful drug or vaccine, but by behavioural change in very poor and often illiterate communities.
根除该病不是通过一种强大的药物或疫苗，而是通过在极其文盲并常常不识字的社区中改变行为。
illiterate:文盲
Lean on day sword it may not be a bad idea, massacre dragon knife, it is enginery only, of justice person come with it behead bewitching falls demon, evil will reduce "lethal weapon ".
倚天剑也好，屠龙刀也罢，都只是兵器，正义之士用它来斩妖降魔，致命的将之沦为“凶器”。
lethal:致命
It was matched by a dire performance from the finance arm of the US industrial behemoth General Electric, whose profits dipped 42% thanks to bad credit card debts and business loans.
美国工业巨头通用电气公司旗下的金融部门的业绩同样坏。受累于不良的信用卡债务和商业贷款，通用电气公司第三季利润下滑42%。
bad:坏
Because of low economic level and insufficient technical capacity, domestic refuse disposal in China's western small cities has been behindhand in a long term.
西部小城镇地区经济比较低，技术力量不足，生活垃圾处理长期处于低状态。
low:低
Low combustion efficiency and serious pollution problems come with the behindhand facilities and technology of coal combustion.
由于燃煤设备和燃烧技术相对低，因而带来了燃烧效率不高和环境污染严重两大问题。
Low:低
As we rise out of the water, and behold all the land of the earth, so do they rise to unknown and glorious regions which we shall never see.
正如我们升到水面、看到人间的世界一样，他们升向那些未知的、华丽的、我们永远不会看见的地方。
unknown:未知
Gore splattered the beige plastic panel behind the corpse, splashed to the floor in thick black drops.
尸体背后米色的塑料壁板喷满鲜血，地板上也溅满暗红厚的血斑。
thick:厚
While he was doing so, Moran started his Mary of Egypt, but the indignant crowd seizing his stick were about to belabour him, when they fell back bewildered anew by his close resemblance to himself.
此时，莫兰唱起《埃及的圣玛丽》，气愤的观众抓过他的手杖，正要对他一阵痛打，却发现他和真正的莫兰是如此之像，不知所措之下，他们向后退去。
bewildered:不知所措
Assuming that you are capable of holding on to the key, just press the giant red button and a resounding belch will issue forth from your Beer pager beer cozy/coaster.
我们假设你不会把钥匙搞丢，那么只需按钥匙上的红色按钮就行了。然后你就会听见从你的啤酒杯托发出一声有能力的打嗝声。
capable:有能力
When a ringing church bell disturbs bats who live in a belfry, they fly around in a frenzied way.
当教堂的钟声突然响起，不免会把生活在钟楼中的蝙蝠吓得魂飞魄败，蝙蝠会疯狂地四处乱飞。
frenzied:疯狂
Everybody knows the old man's got bats in the belfry, but some of his ideas are not as crazy as they sound.
大家都知道这老头儿精神有点失常，可是他有些想法听起来并不那么疯狂。
crazy:疯狂
Examples like this belie the notion that bacteria are simple, silent loners.
类似的例子打破了细菌是简单、沉默的独行者的观念。
silent:沉默
He is also a fierce believer in Apple's culture, which prizes product development and design and preaches intense secrecy.
他是苹果文化的凶猛信徒，褒奖产品的开发与设计活动并鼓励严格保守秘密。
fierce:凶猛
Critics of the food industry are upset that we feed cows corn, by the way, convinced that it's unnatural, and gives cows a bellyache.
食品工业界的评论家们对我们用玉米喂牛感到沮丧，他们认为那不是自然的。会引起牛腹痛。
upset:沮丧
Critics of the food industry are upset that we feed cows corn, by the way, convinced that it's unnatural, and gives cows a bellyache.
食品工业界的评论家们对我们用玉米喂牛感到沮丧，他们认为那不是自然的。
upset:沮丧
And just then came the loud scream below-stairs, betokening fear or dire extremity.
就在此时楼下传来了那声预示着万分可怕的尖叫。
dire:可怕
Very little of these trades, or of a lonely lodger rumoured to live up - stairs, or of a dim coach - trimming maker asserted to have a counting - house below, was ever heard or seen.
除了上述的几种职业之外，据说还有一个住在楼上的孤独房客和昏暗听说的住在楼下的一家马车饰物制造商的帐房，可都很少有人看见或谈起过。
dim:昏暗
Parents clap and shriek with laughter while children look on with bemused grins as the daily ritual is performed.
家长和惊奇的孩子们一起尖叫和笑著拍著手鼓掌，作为例行表演仪式天天上演。
bemused:惊奇
Undeterred, he crept into the cemetery under cloak of darkness with a bemused sculptor in tow.
无法克制的丹东，带着一个惊奇的雕塑家，借深夜潜入了墓地。
bemused:惊奇
"The G7 meetings... which were officially held today... started last night, "he told bemused members of the Japanese press corps.
“七国集团会议，今天正式举行，从昨天就开始了。”他的话令日本记者团的成员都惊奇不已。
bemused:惊奇
A bemused Craig wondered who his enemy might be, realising too late that it was Rahm Emanuel, the chief of staff, operating with Obama's blessing.
惊奇的克雷格弄不清敌人是谁，然而当他最后得知敌人就是白宫幕僚长拉姆·伊曼纽尔（RahmEmanuel），并且意识到他是在奥巴马授意下才这么做的时候，已经为时太晚了。
bemused:惊奇
Sitting across from me now in his comfortable office on the 30th floor of company headquarters in lower Manhattan, Goldman's CEO Lloyd Blankfein professes to be more bemused than hurt by the slurs.
在曼哈顿下城高盛总部大楼30层的舒适办公室，高盛首席执行长布兰克费恩(LloydBlankfein)坐在我对面说，他对这些非议更多的是感到惊奇而不是受伤。
bemused:惊奇
However, as the red - jacketed girl approached Gaga, who was wearing a typically strange black dress and veil, she was grabbed by the shoulders and hoisted away - to her visible bemusement.
然而，由于红色夹克的女孩接近lady gaga，身穿黑色制服的人，抓住她的肩膀，并把她抓起来带离现场 – 小女孩充满着奇怪。
strange:奇怪
It is so weak a player in China among established foreign brands that Toyota, for instance, doesn't even'bench-mark' Ford's products, according to a senior Toyota marketing manager in Beijing.
据丰田汽车在北京的一位高级营销经理说，作为全球知名品牌之一，福特汽车在中国市场的占有率是如此之弱，丰田甚至不关注福特的产品。
weak:弱
Their duty was no longer one of waiting, but of rising up from bended knees and going forward in the way of heroic faith.
他们的责任不是等待，乃是鼓着英雄的信心起来往前走。
heroic:英雄
Save for the immortal line “I always knew you were a bender ”, M Night Shyamalan ’s opulently awful kiddie- comic fantasy adventure has already disappeared into the cultural waste disposal.
除了那句不朽的经典台词“我一直都知道你是一个酒鬼”。导演M.奈特·夏马兰令人可怕的儿童动漫奇幻历险早已消失在文化废墟之中。
awful:可怕
This is far from true, and the power of wicked thoughts, just as the power of good and beneficent thoughts, is great indeed.
这是不现实的，仁慈思想的力量就像好的和有益的思想的力量一样，是很重大的。
beneficent:仁慈
Could it be possible that in two or three decades we will look back and wonder why we ever thought we had a problem when we are bathed in such beneficent radiant energy?
有没有可能在二、三十年后我们回首现在，会迷惑不解为什么沐浴在如此仁慈的辐射能下还会遇到能源上的问题?。
beneficent:仁慈
It seems that Lawes himself actually played the role of the attendant spirit, that beneficent, slightly frightening figure who hovers over the entire landscape of the mask.
看起来好像,劳斯自己扮演了跟班精神，那善行可怕地,让那些参与《面具》创作的人员产生了恐惧。
frightening:可怕
Are the most elite performers of such a high standard because of all the practice they do, or is it because of their superior talent that this practice is beneficial?
那些高水平的最精英的表演者是因为经常练习才取得这样的成绩吗？或者是因为他们高人一等的天赋使得练习如此有益？
elite:精英
Germany, the Nordic countries and Benelux will perform at the higher end (above 2 percent);
德国、北欧国家和比利时、荷兰、卢森堡三国将有高增长（超过2%）；
higher:高
My most benevolent theory about the updating requests is that my computers are just bored.
我关于更新请求的最仁慈的理论就是，计算机就是感觉无聊了。
benevolent:仁慈
MOST writing about the benighted [1] land of Burma, dubbed Myanmar by the grotesque [2] junta running it, falls into one of two traps.
缅甸（Myanmar）是一个愚昧落后的国家，古怪可笑的执政军政府又称之为Burma。有关该国的大多数文学作品都难免走向两个极端之一。
grotesque:古怪
For example, they were not upset with someone who tried to poison another person with mushrooms, but the mushrooms turned out to be benign.
举个例子，当有人想要用蘑菇毒死其他人，而蘑菇却发现是良性的时候，他们并没有表现的沮丧。
upset:沮丧
The migrating substance being a fixed quantity, with fixed qualities, chooses its form according to its taste, desire and bent of character.
灵魂，是具有弯曲质量和数量可迁移的物质，它的形式可根据人的品味、欲望和个性爱好来决定。
bent:弯曲
Early Grand Prix cars ran on a fierce mixture of powerful chemicals and additives, often featuring large quantities of benzene, alcohol and aviation fuel.
早期的大奖赛中，赛车往往使用由凶猛的化学药品和添加剂组成的强力混合物，通常含有大量的苯、乙醇和航空燃油。
fierce:凶猛
In fact, logic usually makes things worse, as you berate yourself for being silly.
事实上，逻辑思维通常做出错误判断，就像你因为太愚蠢而严厉斥责自己。
silly:愚蠢
Scrape the wax loose with a butter knife (be gentle with Berber carpets; the loops fray easily).
用抹黄油的刀把蜡刮松（刮伯伯尔地毯的时候要温和一点；它的线圈很容易破损）。
gentle:温和
Deeply bereaved people are often reluctant to talk about their sorrow, and when they do, they are insulted by the use of terms like disorder or addiction.
失落感悲伤的人们往往不情愿提起他们的不幸。而当他们提起的时候，他们总是因为“障碍”、“成瘾”类似的措辞受到侮辱。
bereaved:悲伤
I grew up bereft of hugs. Neither of my parents was the cuddly type. Greetings involving kissing caused me to wince, and hugging generally just made me feel awkward.
我的成长中缺乏拥抱。我的父母都不是那些喜欢搂抱的人。打招呼时要是有亲吻的话会让我畏缩,而拥抱一般只会让我感到笨拙。
awkward:笨拙
The photos include a black-and-white headshot of the future Monroe wearing a jaunty beret, another of her in a halter top and a color picture of her smiling in a striped bikini on the sand.
此批照片包括两张黑白头像照，一张是“未来梦露”头戴柔和贝雷帽，另一张是她身着露背吊带衫；还包括一张她在沙滩身着条纹比基尼的微笑彩照。
jaunty:柔和
Two fingerlike parts on the tip of the trunk allow the elephant to perform delicate maneuvers such as picking a berry from the ground or plucking a single leaf off a tree.
象鼻末端两个指状的部分让大象可以做敏感的动作，像从地上捡起一枚浆果，或者是从树上采摘一片叶子。
delicate:敏感
Unperturbed, some yaks and goats quietly graze, while a brutish dog goes berserk, tugging dementedly at a rope in an effort to get free and kill me.
镇定自若的牦牛与山羊静静地吃着草，一只猎狗残忍地叫着，拼命地拽着绳子，要吃了我似的。
brutish:残忍
But I beseech you, that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against some, which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh.
有人以为我是凭着血气行事，我也以为必须用大胆待这等人，求你们不要叫我在你们那里的时候，有这样的大胆。
bold:大胆
Then one can see the oval face of a handsome young woman with deep dark eyes and long heavy clinging tresses, which seem to clasp in a beseeching way anything they fall against.
这时候，你就可以看见一个年轻漂亮的女孩子了，她长着一张鸭蛋形的脸，深色的眼睛，又长又重的头发平平整整的，好像它无论披散在什么上面，都会被紧紧地粘住。
heavy:重
The United States should not reward Kim with a plethora of statements beseeching the regime to cooperate and threatening dire consequences for its bad behavior.
美国不应该对金正日发表一个严厉的胡萝卜加大坏的声明。
bad:坏
Though an army besiege me, my heart will not fear; though war break out against me, even then will I be confident.
虽有军兵安营攻击我，我的心也不害怕。虽然兴起刀兵攻击我，我必仍旧自信。
confident:自信
‘ Smiling schools ’ have begun training executives on how to make their grins as convincing as possible and a book on the careful use of smiling has become a bestseller.
“微笑学校”已经开始训练行政人员如何让他们的笑容尽可能地使人信服。一本关于笑容的小心使用的书成了畅销书。
careful:小心
British Prime Minister David Cameron said Wednesday that an investigation into the sordid mess was coming. The News of the World is Britain's best -selling Sunday newspaper.
英国首相大卫卡梅伦本周三表示，即将对这起愚蠢的丑闻展开调查。《世界新闻报》是英国最畅销的星期日周报。
sordid:愚蠢
Tony Blair has received a double insult from the Literary Review, with the nomination of his bestselling autobiography, A Journey, for its bad sex award.
《文学批评》杂志提名布莱尔的畅销回忆录《旅程》角逐“坏性爱奖”无异于对他的双重侮辱。
bad:坏
For these red lips, with all their mournful pride, Mournful that no new wonder may betide, Troy passed away in one high funeral gleam, And Usna's children died.
红唇如是，满含哀叹的骄傲哀叹再无可期的奇迹降临：特洛伊在高葬火中焚毁，尤斯纳的孩子们纷纷夭折。
high:高
I ’m not as confident those graphs are going to hold up for fields besides computer science, so I ’d be leery of betting on a date.
偶可不那么相信这些图表还能在包括计算机科学内的其他领域继续愚蠢下去，所以偶在日期上打赌做文章。
leery:愚蠢
Declaration abandons itself to the slender transparency of its bevelled glass bottle.
斜面造型的玻璃香水瓶，纤细透明、长匀称。
slender:纤细
The report shows a rapid evolution of flavour dynamics in the global beverage market.
这份报告还展示了在国际饮料市场中口味快速的动态演变。
rapid:快速
Even when he observed my bewildered face staring over the wall he did not seem put out or embarrassed, but shouted for me to climb over.
他发现了我在墙头张望的迷惑不解的面孔，他似乎毫不生气，也不感到羞愧，而是大声呼喊叫我爬过墙去。
embarrassed:羞愧
Even when he observed my bewildered face staring over the wall he did not seem 13)put out or embarrassed, but shouted for me to climb over.
即使当他注意到我那张在墙外张望的迷惑不解的脸孔时，也似乎毫不生气或羞愧，而是大声呼喊我爬过墙去。
embarrassed:羞愧
Boyle — bewildered, bruised but plucky — might be said to personify Britain more closely than her fellow contenders.
Boyle——不知所措、“遍体鳞伤”、但英勇 ——可以说比他的竞争者们更能够代表拟人化的英国精神。
bewildered:不知所措
First, instead of facing a bewildering array of options, you limit yourself to a few simple possibilities.
首先，你不去面对一系列眼花缭乱的选择而是将自己限制于几个令人困惑的可能性上。
bewildering:令人困惑
The crystal with the color printing is more bewitch and with the soft feeling and many clients are very enjoy crystal with this workshop.
上了彩印的水晶色彩鲜艳迷人，质感柔软。很多客户都喜欢经过这种工艺处理的水晶。
soft:柔软
"I think I'm tough," says Hot Pink Granny Colleen Pulliam, 69, flexing her biceps at opponents in a game against the Strutters, known for their brilliant yellow socks.
69岁的队员考琳·普廉姆在比赛中向穿著清一色艳黄袜子的对手“阔步者”队炫耀自己的肱二头肌，她说：“我觉得自己很英俊。”
brilliant:英俊
"I think I'm tough," says Hot Pink Granny Colleen Pulliam, 69, flexing her biceps at opponents in a game against the Strutters, known for their brilliant yellow socks.
69岁的队员考琳·普廉姆在比赛中向穿着清一色艳黄袜子的对手“阔步者”队炫耀自己的肱二头肌，她说：“我觉得自己很英俊。”
brilliant:英俊
So, with a quiet sigh for me, Biddy rose from the bank, and said, with a fresh and pleasant change of voice, 'Shall we walk a little further, or go home?
于是，毕蒂轻轻地为我叹了一口气，接着便从河岸上站起来，用活泼新鲜的语调对我说道：“我们再散一会儿步呢，还是回家？”
fresh:新鲜
So, with a quiet sigh for me, Biddy rose from the bank, and said, with a fresh and pleasant change of voice, 'Shall we walk a little further, or go home?
于是，毕蒂轻轻地为我叹了一口气，接着便从河岸上站起来，用新鲜快乐的语调对我说道：“我们再散一会儿步呢，还是回家？”
fresh:新鲜
So, with a quiet sigh for me, Biddy rose from the bank, and said, with a fresh and pleasant change of voice, 'Shall we walk a little further, or go home?
于是，毕蒂轻轻地为我叹了一口气，接着便从河岸上站起来，用安静快乐的语调对我说道：“我们再散一会儿步呢，还是回家？”
quiet:安静
So, with a quiet sigh for me, Biddy rose from the bank, and said, with a fresh and pleasant change of voice, 'Shall we walk a little further, or go home?
于是，毕蒂轻轻地为我叹了一口气，接着便从河岸上站起来，用活泼安静的语调对我说道：“我们再散一会儿步呢，还是回家？”
quiet:安静
As Joe and Biddy became a little more cheerful, discussing my possible plans for the future, I became more miserable.
当乔和毕蒂变得高兴一点儿时，开始讨论我未来可能的计划，我变得更愉快了。
cheerful:愉快
And always sign with your (entire) real name, not some wacky nickname like Ry - Ry or Biff.
最好是签署你的真实姓名（全名），而不是一些惊奇的昵称像Ry-Ry或Biff。
wacky:惊奇
Want to give a competitor deadly biff in the way with the fierce exert in video website final, that must have resource of Olympic Games video.
要在视频网站决赛中使出凶猛的招数给竞争对手致命一击，那就必须有奥运视频资源。
fierce:凶猛
Besides it, there are many attractive places, such as: birds house, golden fish garden, shark house, exciting crazy big dipper, Ferris Wheel and flying surfing float.
走访百鸟居、金鱼大观园、鲨鱼馆和蝴蝶屋，刺激令人兴奋疯狂过山车、摩天巨轮及滑浪飞船。
exciting:令人兴奋
Besides it, there are many attractive places, such as: birds house, golden fish garden, shark house, exciting crazy big dipper, Ferris Wheel and flying surfing float.
走访百鸟居、金鱼大观园、鲨鱼馆和蝴蝶屋，刺激有趣令人兴奋过山车、摩天巨轮及滑浪飞船。
exciting:令人兴奋
Once again affirmed, if you would like to do something in the industry or have a deep knowledge, then as soon as possible to give up these bad training institutions, not to do "big head "!!!
再次申明一下，如果想在业界有所作为或者有很深的造诣，那么请赶快放弃这些坏的培训机构，不要做”大脑袋“！！！
bad:坏
A thin and thick head a big head, how about half feet, put the pot simmer steaming roast until cooked.
头厚一头瘦，一头大一头小，约有半尺多长，放在锅内用文火蒸烤至熟。
thin:瘦
Just the other day someone said of a friend, "This man is destined for a great ministry," by which he meant he was headed for the big time—a high-profile church with a big budget.
前几天有人论到一个朋友说：「这个人注定会大有作为。」他的意思是说那个人将牧养资金高的大教会。
high:高
What has a soft bed but never sleeps, a big mouth? but? never speaks?
什么有一张柔软的床却从来不睡觉，一张大嘴，但是从来不说话？
soft:柔软
On hearing the big noise I knew something terrible had happened.
听到这么大的喧闹声，我知道一定出了什么可怕的事情。
terrible:可怕
Both theories are popular among Democrats, not least because they imply that Democrats have done nothing wrong; it is just that poor white trash are too bigoted or stupid to support them.
这两个看法都受到民主人的赞成，不是因为他们暗示民主党人没有做故事，只是因为贫困的白人垃圾太固执，或者太错误而不支持他们。
wrong:错误
It sets the case for the individual committed to the examined life over and against a bigoted and prejudiced multitude.
它述及的案例是个人,致力于检视生命，力抗,一群顽固及傲慢的民众。
bigoted:傲慢
It sets the case for the individual committed to the examined life over and against a bigoted and prejudiced multitude.
它述及的案例是个人,致力于检视生命，力抗,一群傲慢及偏狭的民众。
bigoted:傲慢
Religious people tend to be the most bigoted and non-accepting people on earth.
宗教人士倾向于更傲慢、盲从和不通人情。
bigoted:傲慢
That may be the last mischief in my life, so I guess they may pardon the bigoted old man.
这可能是我这一生中最后一个恶作剧了，所以，我想他们应该可以原谅我这个傲慢的老头子吧。
bigoted:傲慢
They regard anything foreign as inferior, and it’s sheer ignorance and narrow minded bigotry that make them so smug and intolerant.
他们认为一切外国的东西都是差的。这种彻头彻尾的无知、低级和偏执使得他们如此沾沾自喜、如此缺乏宽容之心。
inferior:低级
This compact ATV is built tough and features big - time performance.
这个紧凑的亚视是建立在不耐烦和特点大的时间表现。
tough:不耐烦
Crazy things happen in New York, but the latest bizarre twist in the case of French bigwig Dominique Strauss takes the cake.
纽约每天都在上演奇怪的一幕！但是最近一次诡异的“反转”发生在法国人多米尼克·斯特劳斯·卡恩身上！
bizarre:奇怪
Mon dieu! The head spins. Crazy things happen in New York, but the latest bizarre twist in the case of French bigwig Dominique Strauss takes the cake.
我的天！真是把人搞迷糊了！纽约每天都在上演奇怪的一幕！但是最近一次诡异的“反转”发生在法国人多米尼克·斯特劳斯·卡恩身上！
bizarre:奇怪
Mon dieu! The head spins. Crazy things happen in New York, but the latest bizarre twist in the case of French bigwig Dominique Strauss takes the cake.
我的天！真是把人搞奇怪了！纽约每天都在上演疯狂的一幕！但是最近一次诡异的“反转”发生在法国人多米尼克·斯特劳斯·卡恩身上！
bizarre:奇怪
A man with a thick biker beard, a bunch of earrings and nose rings, a tattoo of a dragon down his arm and wild looking hair, right? Now think of the exact opposite of what you were just thinking.
在你的脑子里一定会出现一个“摩托党”的形象：骑着大马力的摩托车招摇过市，留着厚的大胡子，带着一串串的耳环和鼻环，手臂上是飞龙跃虎的刺青，还有那稀奇古怪的发型……
thick:厚
Notes of bilberry and spice predominate in the nose and intense flavours of small black fruit, chocolate and liquorice give wonderful complexity to this smooth delicious wine.
越桔和香料的芳香美妙，黑色水果，巧克力和甘草的馥郁芬芳令这款柔滑而可口的葡萄酒更富于层次。
wonderful:美妙
Notes of bilberry and spice predominate in the nose and intense flavours of small black fruit, chocolate and liquorice give wonderful complexity to this smooth delicious wine.
越桔和香料的芳香浓郁，黑色水果，巧克力和甘草的馥郁芬芳令这款美味而可口的葡萄酒更富于层次。
delicious:美味
Notes of bilberry and spice predominate in the nose and intense flavours of small black fruit, chocolate and liquorice give wonderful complexity to this smooth delicious wine.
越桔和香料的芳香美味，黑色水果，巧克力和甘草的馥郁芬芳令这款柔滑而可口的葡萄酒更富于层次。
delicious:美味
They are F. O. pumps, L. O. pumps, ballast pumps, fresh water pumps, sea water pumps, and bilge pumps.
它们是燃油泵，润滑油泵，压载水泵，新鲜水泵，海水泵和舭部液压泵等。
fresh:新鲜
How common is bilingualism among the Deaf community, and what are the biggest barriers for deaf children to obtain proficiency in two languages?
具有双语能力的失聪儿童聋人么，对于他们来说要精通两种语言的最大障碍是什么？
deaf:聋人
He gorged himself habitually at table, which made him bilious, and gave him a dim and bleared eye and flabby cheeks.
还喜欢暴饮暴食，落得个肝火很旺，目光流血，两颊松弛。
bleared:流血
He gorged himself habitually at table, which made him bilious, and gave him a dim and bleared eye with flabby cheeks.
还喜欢暴饮暴食，落得个肝火很旺，目光流血，两颊松弛。
bleared:流血
Burning pond, fire the red magma Be dashing to seethe, have a mammoth giant being incensed is maniacal vacillating under the magma, start to stir one magma billow.
炎池，火红的岩浆汹涌翻腾着，似有一只被狂妄的巨兽在岩浆下剧烈的翻滚，搅起一片岩浆巨浪。
maniacal:狂妄
What if I quit and then fail miserably and fall and my face and am embarrassed then use up all our money and my family ends up having to eat left over noodles from the trash bin?
如果我辞职了，但是结果是羞愧的失败和跌倒，我丢脸了而且还把钱都用光了，我的家庭也完蛋了，一家人都要捡垃圾，吃从垃圾里面掏出来的面条度日吗
embarrassed:羞愧
While it might be fun to relive your youth for a few weeks, you'll eventually tire of the club hopping, all- night binge drinking and the other things men over 30 shouldn't be doing.
在开始的几周释放你的年轻活力也许有趣，但是慢慢的你最终会发现你厌倦了逛夜店，整夜酗酒和其他超过30岁男人不该干的事情。
fun:有趣
Emerging studies point to altered brain signals, but it is tricky to decipher whether the defective biochemistry is a cause or a result of poor eating.
有一些新近的研究指出它源于脑波信号的改变，但我们很难断定缺陷的生化信号究竟是进食障碍的原因，还是结果。
defective:缺陷
When I find a well -drawn character in fiction or biography, I generally take a warm personal interest in him, for the reason that I have known him before — met him on the river.
我如果发现小说或传记栩栩如生地描写某一个人物，一般会从内心对他产生温暖的兴趣，因为我早已认识他——曾经相遇在河川。
warm:温暖
Biotechnological developments have led to the widespread availability of methods of identification that are more rapid and less costly than those based on conventional techniques.
用于确保食品安全的技术重点在于对灾害的检测和监控。生物技术的发展已使得比那些依赖于传统技术的方法更快速，成本更昂贵的鉴定方法得到广泛应用。
costly:昂贵
Multiplying rapidly as it flows through tubes, stacked 14 high in four long rows, the organism thickens and darkens like the bioweapon of a deranged scientist.
这些管道有14个上下叠在一起，排成四个长列。这种生物在流经管道时就在迅速繁殖，同时会变得浓厚而暗实，就像一位烦躁科学家的生化武器一样。
deranged:烦躁
To avoid cumbersome analytic works in the synthesis of precise motion of biped robot, an approximate method for synthesis of motion is proposed in this paper.
为避免步行机器人笨重运动综合中大量繁复的解析工作，本文提出了一种近似运动综合方法。
cumbersome:笨重
Fortunately, bipolar is not too bad a label to have because people associate it with creativity and intelligence, and much has been written on the subject on the internet and in books.
坏的是，双相情感障碍，这个标签，不至于太糟。因为人们会将它与创造性和智慧联系起来，许多有关这个的主题在网络和书籍中流传。
bad:坏
The new report is likely to inflame a debate over the direction of the field itself, which has found that the genetics of illnesses like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder remain elusive.
新报告很可能会就该研究领域自身发展方向引发一场辩论，多年的研究发现，找到像精神分裂症和躁郁症这类疾病基因的希望仍很难以捉摸。
elusive:难以捉摸
I pass my hands lovingly about the smooth skin of a silver birch, or the rough shaggy bark of a pine.
我感到树叶的对称美，用手摸着白桦树银色的树皮或是松树那粗糙的厚厚的树皮。
silver:银色
The magnificent birch tree grew deep in heart of the forest, and close nearby grew her three little daughters, still slim of trunk.
在森林的深处，有一棵高大繁茂的白桦，她的三个女儿依偎在她身旁，她们的树干还比较接近。
close:接近
Upon reaching the green don’t let the gentle sound of the waterfall lull you into missing your birdie putt.
上到果岭后，你会听到瀑布发出的‘靡靡之音’，但你必须有抗干扰的定力，千万不要打温和了你的小鸟球。
gentle:温和
Here the oceanside mountains sprout pineapples, coconuts and other tropical fruits, while the forested peaks are home to abundant animal and bird life.
这里靠海边的山地上盛产菠萝、椰子和其它热带水果，而那些树木森林的山顶却是许多动物和鸟类的家园。
forested:森林
The finding leaves palaeontologists in the awkward position of having to identify another creature as the oldest and original avian on which to base the story of birdlife.
这次发现令古生物学家陷入一个笨拙的位置，他们不得不去识别认可另一种生物作为最古老最起初的鸟类，让鸟类种群的故事建立在它之上。
awkward:笨拙
South Africa ’s diverse habitat and vegetation provides a perfect breeding ground for a lively and varied selection of birdlife.
南非多种多样的栖息环境和丰富的植被资源为生机勃勃、品种多样的鸟类提供了一个活泼的生息繁衍之地。
lively:活泼
BBR is vital as it not only raises necessary funds for the management of Mai Po, it also engages people across Hong Kong in monitoring our fascinating birdlife.
观鸟大赛不单为本会筹募管理米埔的所需经费，同时亦让香港市民能藉此机会一同观赏本地引人注目的野生生态，实在是一项非常有意义的活动。
fascinating:引人注目
With its spectacular locomotion and haunting, bird -like calls, the cao vit gibbon is a real show- stealer.
壮观的移动方式，鸟儿似的鸣叫，东部黑冠长臂猿可以称得上是名副其实的表演家了。
spectacular:壮观
If you have a large area covered with exotic ferns, rare begonias, unusual Bird of Paradise and the like, consider giving some of them away.
如果你有大片的土地都覆以珍奇的蕨类，古怪的秋海棠或是天堂鸟这些，那么考虑送送人吧。
exotic:古怪
In this photo, taken at f / 2.8, the bird of paradise flower is soft, while the grasshopper is sharp.
在这张照片中，取f/2.8，天堂鸟之花是柔软的，而蚱蜢却是尖锐的。
sharp:尖锐
In this photo, taken at f / 2.8, the bird of paradise flower is soft, while the grasshopper is sharp.
在这张照片中，取f/2.8，天堂鸟之花是尖锐的，而蚱蜢却是敏捷的。
sharp:尖锐
Over him bent a gaunt shape, perched at the edge of the chair like an aged raptor —a tired, hobbled bird of prey shackled to the dull bone.
在他的上面，一个沉闷的人形，坐在椅子的边儿上，象一只老了的猛禽，一只从骨子里被猎捕的枷锁困着的疲惫的、蹒跚的鸟儿。
dull:沉闷
Over him bent a gaunt shape, perched at the edge of the chair like an aged raptor —a tired, hobbled bird of prey shackled to the dull bone.
在他的上面，一个憔悴的人形，坐在椅子的边儿上，象一只老了的猛禽，一只从骨子里被猎捕的枷锁困着的沉闷的、蹒跚的鸟儿。
dull:沉闷
It is usually depicted as an eagle or other bird of prey, but may also resemble aheron in its delicate majesty.
它通常被描画成了一种威严敏感的神灵抽象，外貌相似猎鹰或许其它鸟类。
delicate:敏感
Sorrow that has lost its memory is like the dumb dark hours that have no bird song, but only the cricket ’s chirp.
失忆的哀伤犹如喑哑愚蠢的时光，没有鸟儿的悦鸣，只有蟋蟀唧唧歌唱。
dumb:愚蠢
I pulled that tape out and listened for this new bird song, but I couldn't find any that matched my pudgy, shy friend.
我将那盘磁带拉出来，仔细聆听这种陌生鸟儿的歌声，但我无法找到任何与我这只胖嘟嘟羞怯朋友相匹配的地方。
shy:羞怯
Birdsong made loud the silence of the jets, florists ’ vases missed the bright blooms of far -off fields, and far - off farmers missed the cash those blooms would have brought.
清晰的鸟鸣声更彰显了毫无飞机的轰隆声的明亮，远处的原野不见盛开的花朵-花匠们的花瓶空空的，远方的农民们也未能从这些花卉中赚取分文。
bright:明亮
Tuck into urbane country fare at the Pearl; fresh, sustainably grown local foods at the Red Bird; simple yet sophisticated bistro dishes at Scotty ’s Table or incredible Italian food at Caffé Dolce.
在“珍珠”餐厅，你可以以乡村水平的费用大吃一顿；在“红鸟”餐厅，可以吃到新鲜、可持续方法种植的当地食物；在斯科蒂餐厅有精巧而复杂的小酒馆菜而在杜希咖啡社有令人难以置信的意大利餐。
sophisticated:精巧
Health groups have been promoting the use of injectable contraceptives as an easy and cost - effective form of birth control.
作为既轻松又具备成本效益的避孕方式，卫生组织一直推广避孕针剂的实用。
easy:轻松
You are shocked to find him there in his birthday suit.
有一次你去拜访朋友，可是发现他没穿衣服，可把他震惊坏了。
shocked:震惊
He was middle-age, with a haggard face and a dark red birthmark or scar on his right temple and his black hair was carefully parted and combed in strands.
他是个中年人，面容傲慢，右边太阳穴上有个深红的胎记或伤疤，他那黑色的头发成绺细心地梳理成分头。他凝神望着道路。
haggard:傲慢
Sometimes Hanna wore a dress with a neckline low enough to reveal the birthmark high on her left shoulder.
有时汉娜穿一件开领上衣，领口开得高，露出左肩上部的胎记。
high:高
Sometimes Hanna wore a dress with a neckline low enough to reveal the birthmark high on her left shoulder.
有时汉娜穿一件开领上衣，领口开得低，露出左肩上部的胎记。
low:低
Girl don't understand what he said, just blinked her big eyes, looked at Du Jun laugh more happily, the face of the large birthmark red, like a large lush blossoming peach.
女孩听不懂他说什么，只是眨巴着那双大眼睛，望着杜军笑得更开心了，脸上那大块胎记红艳艳的，像是一大片肥沃盛开的桃花。
lush:肥沃
Unfortunately we’re not all Golden Globe winning actresses, which means our attempts at being nice come off as mean, bitchy, insincere, condescending, and fake.
可惜我们都不是金球奖最佳女演员，这就意味着我们在想表现得像个好人的时候，有时候也会显示出笨拙、恶毒、虚伪、自大。
bitchy:笨拙
Unfortunately we’re not all Golden Globe winning actresses, which means our attempts at being nice come off as mean, bitchy, insincere, condescending, and fake.
可惜我们都不是金球奖最佳女演员，这就意味着我们在想表现得像个好人的时候，有时候也会显示出刻薄、恶毒、虚伪、笨拙。
bitchy:笨拙
Unfortunately we’re not all Golden Globe winning actresses, which means our attempts at being nice come off as mean, bitchy, insincere, condescending, and fake.
可惜我们都不是金球奖最佳女演员，这就意味着我们在想表现得像个好人的时候，有时候也会显示出刻薄、恶毒、笨拙、自大。
bitchy:笨拙
Her way of singing, word choices, extreme sound, radical visual images, the bitchy way she sang — no one thought of doing that before.
她的唱腔，措词，极端的声效，激进的画面，以及笨拙的演唱方式，都是无人曾想要尝试的。
bitchy:笨拙
Milagros Tirado'Millie' Beck, Cox's second wife, said Brando was often'generous in spirit ', but he also could turn' totally vicious, mean, almost bitchy '.
考克斯的第二任妻子说白兰度具有“慷慨的气概”，但反过来，他也可以是“完全邪恶、笨拙、近乎恶毒”。
bitchy:笨拙
LB: "It's Britney, bitch" is classic, but you say you're less bitchy than impatient. What makes you impatient?
“她就是布兰妮，女王”相当经典。你说你只是比较没耐心而不是真的很笨拙。什么东西让你如此不耐烦？
bitchy:笨拙
LB: "It's Britney, bitch" is classic, but you say you're less bitchy than impatient. What makes you impatient?
“她就是布兰妮，女王”相当经典。你说你只是比较没耐心而不是真的很暴躁。什么东西让你如此笨拙？
bitchy:笨拙
Don't be so bitchy. We'll go out and have fun later.
不要如此笨拙。我们等一下就出去玩。
bitchy:笨拙
But, finally, they would prefer to call themselves have found a bitchy talk, is scolded his childish, I was wrong … Because we are brothers.
但是，最后，自己宁愿骂自己还得找着犯贱说话，骂的是自己的笨拙，我错了……因为我们是兄弟。
bitchy:笨拙
Blair is also a hopeless romantic who idolizes Audrey Hepburn, classic movies and upscale traditions, but whose sensitive side often clashes with her tendency to be bitchy and controlling.
布莱尔还是一个绝望的浪漫主义者，崇拜奥黛丽·赫本、古典电影和上流社会的传统，但其笨拙的一面经常令其蠢蠢欲动却又固步不前。
bitchy:笨拙
The best way to eat until you ’re satisfied is to savor every bite.
吃到自己感到满意的最好的方法就是细细品味每一口。
satisfied:满意
Resolve to sub-divide at least one product orservice into bite - size chunks that are inexpensive, easy or fun.
至少要把一个产品或服务再细分成很小的可吃尺寸的块，这些小块的功能花钱不多，轻松或者充满乐趣。
easy:轻松
Resolve to sub-divide at least one product orservice into bite - size chunks that are inexpensive, easy or fun.
至少要把一个产品或服务再细分成很小的可吃尺寸的块，这些小块的功能花钱不多，简单或者充满轻松。
easy:轻松
There were definitely a few bigger fish that everyone was worried about when they came swimming toward us: you could really feel them biting more than the others.
也有一小部分大一点的鱼，当它们游向我们的时候大家都有些担心：我们能很明显地感觉到她们咬得要比小鱼们重一些。
worried:担心
Iaquinta has grown increasingly frustrated with his bit-part role, and with there likely to be extra competition next term from Amauri and Sebastian Giovinco, he is ready to leave the club.
亚昆塔对他的处境愈发不满，而且岁着下赛季阿毛里的加盟和吉奥文科的回归，他所面临的竞争将更加沮丧。因此，他已经准备好离开这家俱乐部了。
frustrated:沮丧
He can be sweet, bitter, nostalgic, or cynical, but he cannot figure out how to be a man.
他可以是怀旧的、苦涩的、多愁善感的、愤世嫉俗的，但他就是无法成为一个男人。
nostalgic:怀旧
He can be sweet, bitter, nostalgic, or cynical, but he cannot figure out how to be a man.
他可以是冷酷的、苦涩的、多愁善感的、愤世嫉俗的，但他就是无法成为一个男人。
cynical:冷酷
He can be sweet, bitter, nostalgic, or cynical, but he cannot figure out how to be a man.
他可以是甜蜜的、冷酷的、多愁善感的、愤世嫉俗的，但他就是无法成为一个男人。
cynical:冷酷
The cold dish "Five Ruminations" serves five tastes - sour, sweet, bitter, hot and salty.
凉菜“五味人生”将酸、热、苦、辣、咸五种滋味尽收盘中；
hot:热
The cold dish "Five Ruminations" serves five tastes - sour, sweet, bitter, hot and salty.
凉菜“五味人生”将酸、甜、冷、辣、咸五种滋味尽收盘中；
cold:冷
The cold dish "Five Ruminations" serves five tastes - sour, sweet, bitter, hot and salty.
凉菜“五味人生”将酸、冷、苦、辣、咸五种滋味尽收盘中；
cold:冷
The Chinese cuisine is based on five tastes - sour, hot, bitter, sweet and salty.
中国菜以五味为主，这五味是酸、辣、苦、热、咸。
hot:热
Oil sands consist of clay, sand, and other minerals, coated in water and thick, viscous oil called bitumen (or asphalt).
油砂包含有粘土、沙子和其它矿物，由水和厚的沥青把它们混合在一起。
thick:厚
People obtained a glimpse of the two men, who were now a little higher and about to bivouac for the fifth time.
人们得以瞥见这两名德国人。他们正准备第五次宿营。宿营点的很小度比之前的地点略很小一些。
little:很小
In these stories, there may be beautiful costumes and expensive sets, or grainy black -and-white shots that are decades out of date.
在这些故事情节中，可能有粗糙的装束和昂贵的道具，或者几十年前的黑白电影的效果。
grainy:粗糙
She ’s a Karate Black Belt, and loves dancing Argentine tango in skimpy dresses.
她也是一位空手道黑带高手，喜欢穿着粗糙的衣服跳阿根廷探戈。
skimpy:粗糙
To qualify for the special squad, police have to be young, slim and hold the top rank of a black belt in a martial art such as karate or judo, the report said.
报导中指出，该专案小组的员警都很瘦弱、身材苗条，而且都是空手道或柔道黑带高手。
slim:瘦弱
Even in such bad conditions, these young children listened to me very carefully. Everybody looked at the blackboard with great interest.
即使在这样坏的条件下，这些孩子听的非常认真，所有的人都兴趣盎然地盯着黑板。
bad:坏
The men, rugged-looking and some of them with flecks of gray in their beards, look daunted but determined as they take turns standing up before the class to read basic sentences off the blackboard.
这些男人看起来饱经风霜，他们中的一些人的胡子上还有一些灰色的斑点，他们轮流站起来当着全班的面朗读黑板上的粗糙句子时有些不安却又十分坚决。
rugged:粗糙
This soft and vibrant wine displays lifted cabernet berry, spice and mint aromas. Ripe blackcurrant flavours complemented by plummy merlotcharacters, supple tannins and fine structure.
这款酒活泼而令人心动的葡萄酒带有显著的赤霞珠莓果、香料和薄荷香气以及成熟黑加仑与梅洛李子般的味道，单宁柔顺，结构精美。
vibrant:活泼
This soft and vibrant wine displays lifted cabernet berry, spice and mint aromas. Ripe blackcurrant flavours complemented by plummy merlotcharacters, supple tannins and fine structure.
这款酒柔和而令人心动的葡萄酒带有显著的赤霞珠莓果、香料和薄荷香气以及成熟黑加仑与梅洛李子般的味道，单宁活泼，结构精美。
vibrant:活泼
Tasting Note: A deep red wine with a vibrant array of sweet and savoury dark fruit flavours including dark berry, blackcurrant, black olive and stewed rhubarb.
这款葡萄酒呈深红色，充满蒸煮的黑色浆果味道，包括黑莓、黑加仑、黑橄榄以及醉大黄等。
stewed:蒸煮
Carefully unroll the cake and spread it with a thin layer of blackcurrant jam and tightly re - roll the cake and chill for at least 1 hour or up to 2 hours before slicing.
小心将蛋糕卷打开，然后抹上一层薄薄的瘦醋栗酱，然后再重新卷起放到冰箱1-2小时。
thin:瘦
"As in black eye, bloody nose, hair ripped out, scratches, bruises and cuts. So not ok to be abusive to others. Violence is NEVER the answer," she added.
我现在眼睛被打肿，鼻子留着血，头发被揪下来好几缕，全身都是抓伤、淤青和伤口。这样去虐待去滥用别人一点也不好。暴力
abusive:滥用
Powerfully suck out the blackhead and fat granule. For longtime use, not only help to open up and minify the pores but also make the skin delicate and smooth.
本品能有效深入毛囊，强力吸出黑头和黄色油脂粒。长期使用，不仅畅通和收细毛孔，还令肌肤干净清透、光滑敏感。
delicate:敏感
The only black mark on an otherwise positive afternoon came when Jaap Stam was sent -off for a second yellow card.
在这个积极的下午，比赛中唯一的肯定就是雅普。斯塔姆在比赛的最后时刻累积两张黄牌被罚出场。
positive:肯定
Black-out treatment in the lower front and rear fascias and along the sides lend the Outback a more rugged appearance than the sedan.
遮光处理在较低的前后面板和沿两侧借内地更粗糙的外观比轿车。
rugged:粗糙
Perfect for accompanying you from weekday to weekend, this confident, all- black timepiece stands out with a silky black dial notched with hour markers for a stylish, minimalist effect.
伴随你从周一至周五，周末的典雅，这个信心，全黑色的手表，如丝般的黑色表盘，小时标记为一个时尚，简约的效果缺口。
stylish:典雅
But, alas, the little blacksmith could admire the Princess only from afar because she was, after all, a princess and he but a lowly blacksmith -- not even that tall.
可是，哎，小铁匠只能远远地仰慕着公主，她毕竟是公主啊。而他呢，只不过是一个低调的铁匠，而且连个子都不够高。
lowly:低调
The daggerboard has the same function, but rather than swinging down, it is inserted like a blade down through a slot in the hull to protrude like a thin keel below the hull.
这种活动披水板的功能和活动龙骨一致，但它并非旋转到船底，而是像刀刃一样沿着船底的某个轨迹插下去，像一条瘦龙骨那样凸出于船底之下。
thin:瘦
One sure sign, based on pattern recognition, is that those that talk tough and are full of bluster are predictably those that are the first to blanch in the face of adversity.
根据模式识别，有一点是可以确定的，那就是，那些嘴上不耐烦，夸夸其谈的家伙，在面对逆境的时候，通常是最先退缩的人。
tough:不耐烦
These 15 weird &wonderful shopping bag designs take the concept of “love handles ” to a whole new level while consigning the basic, bland, brown bag to the boredom bin.
这15款沉闷奇妙的购物袋的设计，将“可爱提手”的概念带到了一个全新层次。所以，把你原来那朴实平淡的褐色袋子扔进垃圾箱吧。
bland:沉闷
These 15 weird &wonderful shopping bag designs take the concept of “love handles ” to a whole new level while consigning the basic, bland, brown bag to the boredom bin.
这15款怪异奇妙的购物袋的设计，将“可爱提手”的概念带到了一个全新层次。所以，把你原来那沉闷平淡的褐色袋子扔进垃圾箱吧。
bland:沉闷
I tried to convey the two types of light the production employed: the bland yellow light of the American basement, and the light of theater, performance, and rock and roll.
我也试着将这部作品中运用的两种光——美国式地下室中的沉闷黄色灯光和剧场、表演、摇滚的闪光——传达出来。
bland:沉闷
This tip alone can transform bland food in to masterful food.
这一个技巧就能把精明的食物变得美味。
masterful:精明
His books are like Japanese food — a mix of the delicate, the deliberately bland and the curiously exotic.
他的作品和日式料理一样，精致中有刻意经营的敏感，还有奇异的异国情调。
delicate:敏感
This is partly due to often bland media coverage of Congress, and particularly coverage of individual members by local media in their states or congressional districts.
部份原因是媒体对国会的沉闷报导，地方媒体对本州或本国会选区的议员更是赞许有加。
bland:沉闷
The family gathered what they could of their dead in a blanket and took them to a neighbour's house, where they were trapped, sitting with the bodies, for five days.
她们一家尽可能的收集了家人的尸体，裹在毯子里放到了邻居家里，然后她们死亡在了那里，与尸体坐在一起过了五天。
dead:死亡
During mature love, love is a blank verse, insipid and long- standing, peaceful and serene;
相守的时候，爱情是一首无韵诗，冷漠悠远、宁静祥和；
insipid:冷漠
I blast out the ghastly contents of philosophically whited sepulchers and laugh with sardonic wrath!
我带着讥讽而恼怒的笑颜抹去统统伪君子的可怕学说！
ghastly:可怕
Trials by food - processing companies showed that sterile surfaces covered with a film of liquid glass were equally clean after a rinse with hot water as after their usual treatment with strong bleach.
由食品加工公司进行的实验显示，用热水冲洗覆盖了液体玻璃膜的无菌表面，和以往用强力漂白剂处理后一样坚固。
strong:坚固
If the Decepticons were defeated at the end of Transformers 2, then why does everything look so bleak?
如果在变形金刚2中霸天虎被击败的，那为什么一切都看上去很暗淡？
bleak:暗淡
But to hear such gorgeous music in such a bleak environment did seem somewhat out of place.
可是在这样一个暗淡的环境下欣赏这样华美的音乐,似乎有点不合时宜.
bleak:暗淡
As bleak as the lyrics are, though, they're buoyed by the band's leanest, loosest songwriting yet.
尽管歌词暗淡，但是，乐队到现在以来最精简松散的作曲却使它们漂浮起来。
bleak:暗淡
It seems from these posters that the bleak, disturbing visions of comic books have shaped the radical culture of this generation.
似乎这些暗淡的，令人毛骨悚然的漫画书已经形成了这代人的激进派思想文化。
bleak:暗淡
From under the duvet of a bunk bed, a bleary head briefly popped up.
在一张双层床铺位上，羽绒被下冒出一颗睡眼悲伤的头来。
bleary:悲伤
He was staying up nights, had never felt so weary, was going to school with his eyes puffed and bleary.
它几乎已经成了帕特里克的小累赘，帕特里克不得不比以前任何时候都努力地学习，每天都坚持到深夜，他从未感到如此悲伤，每次都肿着双眼，神志不清地赶着去上学。
bleary:悲伤
The next thing I know, I am lying on the floor of the bar, bleary and confused.
接下来我所知道的，就是我躺倒在酒吧的地上，眼睛混淆，一片迷茫。
confused:混淆
"None of us have had a great deal of sleep," a bleary eyed President Bush said after burning the midnight oil deciding whether of not to bomb Iraq.
“我们这群人没有一个能睡饱觉的，”睡眼悲伤的布什总统在熬夜决定是否轰炸伊拉克后说道。
bleary:悲伤
So I was often pretty bleary when the governor called at that hour.
所以当我接到电话时,我还是非常悲伤的。
bleary:悲伤
Or you wake up, bleary with jet lag, in a city you've never seen before and feel you've come home.
或是，你一觉醒来，由于时差两眼悲伤，来到一个你没见过的城市，并有宾至如归的感觉。
bleary:悲伤
But when your eyes are bleary with exhaustion, one face looks much like another.
不过一旦你的两眼尽显悲伤时，其他人的面孔在你看起来都差不多了。
bleary:悲伤
For those of us that like to stay on the "bleeding edge" there's an easy way to keep a local copy of the KDE sources up- to - date - anonymous SVN.
如果有人要坚守“最前沿”；有个轻松的方法从匿名SVN上获取KDE资源，代码来更新你的本地资源。
easy:轻松
The intense burst of electromagnetic radiation momentarily overwhelmed pixels in SDO's detectors causing the bright vertical blemish.
强烈的电磁辐射使得太阳活动观测中心的观察器拍摄到的像素变得明亮，并且产生了那个垂直的瑕疵。
bright:明亮
As a senior at Princeton, I took graduate macroeconomics from Alan Blinder, another excellent teacher. At the same time, I wrote my senior thesis under Alan's supervision.
在普林斯顿的第四年，我选了艾伦·布林德的研究生宏观经济学课程，艾伦同样是一位非常出色的老师，我的毕业论文也是在他的指导下完成的。
excellent:非常出色
As a senior at Princeton, I took graduate macroeconomics from Alan Blinder, another excellent teacher. At the same time, I wrote my senior thesis under Alan's supervision.
在普林斯顿的第四年，我选了艾伦·布林德的研究生宏观经济学课程，艾伦同样是一位高级的老师，我的毕业论文也是在他的指导下完成的。
senior:高级
He left the cold black shadow of the lander and stepped into the blinding white light of the sun.
他走出了登月舱寒冷、黑的阴影，迈入了眩目的白色阳光中。
black:黑
Actually, I think it is sloppy and childish; but I also think that, if it were only this instance, it could be looked on as a blind spot.
实际上，我认为这是草率和懒散的；我也认为仅仅这个例子来说，可以将它视为一个盲点。
sloppy:懒散
While acknowledging the murderous extremity of Breivik's bubble, Kjaerstad says he has witnessed similarly ideologically blinkered thinking before.
尽管认识到布莱维克的泡泡极度杀人犯，卡杰斯塔说他曾经见识过同样狭隘的思想。
murderous:杀人犯
Running outside can be pure bliss – until some idiotic creep comes along and yells out an obnoxious "woo-hoo" or "hey baby !" as you run past him (or her).
在户外跑步是非常纯粹的快乐——除了一些白痴的嘲讽者在你经过他或她身旁时跟在你身后，挑衅地喊出恶毒的“喔吼”或“嘿，宝贝！”
obnoxious:恶毒
Running outside can be pure bliss – until some idiotic creep comes along and yells out an obnoxious "woo-hoo" or "hey baby !" as you run past him (or her).
在户外跑步是非常纯粹的快乐——除了一些白痴的嘲讽者在你经过他或她身旁时跟在你身后，挑衅地喊出愚蠢的“喔吼”或“嘿，宝贝！”
idiotic:愚蠢
Within the quantum crystalline frequency can you heal that which must be healed, open that which must expand, and offer an extraordinary alignment to the knowledge of exquisite bliss.
在量子水晶频率中可以疗愈一切需要疗愈的，开启一切必须扩展的，并提供殊胜的对准极其优美的知晓。
exquisite:优美
Its resemblance to exotic sea -life is uncanny and yet it can support the human bulk with graceful ease – as blissful as a waterbed, according tothe manufacturer.
这把椅子看起来像是某种神秘的外来海洋生物，然而它能轻松承受人体——制造商宣称坐起来就像水床那样令人优雅。
graceful:优雅
Its resemblance to exotic sea -life is uncanny and yet it can support the human bulk with graceful ease – as blissful as a waterbed, according tothe manufacturer.
这把椅子看起来像是某种怪异的外来海洋生物，然而它能轻松承受人体——制造商宣称坐起来就像水床那样令人舒适。
uncanny:怪异
And besides, you don’t want me blowing your blissful vacation high by clutching my smartphone in the chaise lounge next to yours, do you?
而且，你也不想让我在你隔壁的休息室用我的智能手机再去把你幸福的假期弄没，你说呢？
blissful:幸福
A television show called "Glee" may top the ratings, but nowadays blissful feelings seem to be in shorter supply than ever before.
一个名为“幸福”的电视节目或许得到了最高评级，但是如今幸福的感觉比以往任何时候都要短缺。
blissful:幸福
It was bad enough being an aviation cadet without having at act like a soldier in the blistering heat every Sunday afternoon.
当个空军学生已经够坏的了，每个星期日下午还要象步兵一样在火辣辣的太阳底下接受检阅。
bad:坏
The Hayabusa probe blazed a spectacular trail as it came in to hit the ground at a blistering speed, ending a journey to the near- Earth asteroid Itokawa that began in 2003.
这颗“隼鸟号”探测器拖着闪烁的火焰尾迹以极快的速度到达地面，结束了一段2003年开始、以近地小行星“系川”为目标的旅程。
blistering:闪烁
Rather than feeling healthy however, they often feel bloated and sluggish – symptoms of water retention which can be caused by the hidden salt in these salads.
相比于感觉良好，人们更多的是感觉迟钝和懒洋洋的—这是水潴留的症状，而这些症状可由沙拉中隐藏的盐导致。
sluggish:迟钝
In college Sarah Jenkins was diagnosed with a mild case of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), a condition causing gastrointestinal discomfort, bloating, diarrhea and constipation.
莎拉·詹金斯大学时期曾被诊断为轻度的肠易激综合征（IBS），这一综合征有肠胃消化道、胃气涨、腹泻和便秘症状。
gastrointestinal:消化道
Light is liking, I would think and exciting and fun, your dead holy, will the blockbusting!!!!!!!!!!
光是看上，我就觉得又刺激又令人兴奋，你们的死圣下，一定会票房大卖！！！！！！！！！！
exciting:令人兴奋
With low pressure loss and simple repair, the annular -type centrifugal flowmeter, being without rotary element installed in it, can not be stuck and block up.
作为新产品的环式离心流量计因结构内部无转动部件，故不易卡、堵，压力损失小，维修工作量低。
low:低
My QQ good friend sent a horrible story to me, how can ability avoid psychology of this kind of bloodcurdling?
我的QQ好友给我发了个可怕故事，怎么才能避免这种可怕的心理？
horrible:可怕
Similarly, those who can brag that their gold is clean and their diamonds bloodless can pull moral rank on those who cannot.
类似地，那些声称自己的金子是干净的，钻石是道德的人，就会对做不到这点的人嗤之以鼻。
moral:道德
It's difficult on both sides — the blood-lust onthe one hand, the awful pain on the other.
这对双方来说都很可怕——一方要承受对血液的渴求，另一方要承受痛苦。
awful:可怕
Elite Pirates are chosen from battle - experienced Pirates. Both these fierce fighters and their sharp cutlasses lust for more blood.
精英海盗是从战斗经验丰富的海盗中选出的。这些尖锐的战士和他们手中的砍刀都渴望更多的血。
sharp:尖锐
Almost all of us could do with less salt, which has been shown to increase the risk of high blood pressure.
几乎所有人都需要少食盐的饮食，因为已有很多研究表明食盐能增加患高血压的风险。
less:少
She was beautiful with her smooth curves, fair skin and raven hair, holding a gold arrow in one hand and a blood red apple in the other.
那个娃娃特漂亮，曲线特别平滑，雪白的皮肤，乌黑的头发，一手拿着金色的箭，另一只手拿着一个血红的苹果。
smooth:平滑
Briefly, before gravity prevails and the viscous liquid drips down her cheeks, the dots resemble a Maori mask, but one painted in gruesome blood red, not white.
很快，在万有引力作用下，粘稠的红色液体遍布她的脸颊，这些针眼像极了毛利人的面具，不同的是，这张面具满是可怕的猩红色，而非白色。
gruesome:可怕
You destroy those who tell lies; bloodthirsty and deceitful men the Lord abhors.
说谎言的，你必灭绝。好流人血弄欺骗的，都为耶和华所憎恶。
deceitful:欺骗
But Pakistan is bloody enough already, and it is for now a depressing and frightening place.
但是巴基斯坦已经够可怕了，现在它还是一个压抑而恐怖的地方。
frightening:可怕
But Pakistan is bloody enough already, and it is for now a depressing and frightening place.
但是巴基斯坦已经够血腥了，现在它还是一个压抑而可怕的地方。
frightening:可怕
In Rivers state, many current state and local politicians came to power in elections that were fraudulent and bloody even by the grim standards set by elections across the country in 2003 and 2004.
在河流州，许多现任州和地方政客是通过即使按照该国2003年和2004年全国普选时制定的可怕的标准来说都算得上是舞弊的和悲惨的选举来产生的。
grim:悲惨
Clearly, there are times when people messed up - maybe they don't know any better or maybe they really are lazy or bloody -minded.
显然，有时候人们乱作一团时——或许他们不知道有更好做法，或许他们真的很懒或很血腥。
bloody:血腥
Call it bloody -minded grinding, but that's football, too, you know, and personally, I've got a lot of time for bloody -minded grinding.
把它称之为故意与血腥处境作对吧，但你亦知道，这就是。同时我本身亦拥有大量的时间去跟血腥处境作对一番。
bloody:血腥
Call it bloody -minded grinding, but that's football, too, you know, and personally, I've got a lot of time for bloody -minded grinding.
把它称之为故意与血腥处境作对吧，但你亦知道，这就是足球。同时我本身亦拥有大量的时间去跟血腥处境作对一番。
bloody:血腥
Your great personality is revealed in ordinary tasks and your sincere love and efforts are contained in the blooming flowers.
诚实的事业，却展示了您伟大的人格；盛开的鲜花，也凝聚了您挚爱的心血。
sincere:诚实
Familiar weapons return, including banana peels, green shells and the Blooper attack that splashes black ink on the other players' screens.
熟悉的武器回归，包括香蕉皮，黑龟壳，还有墨汁。墨汁可以溅出玩家屏幕。
black:黑
Her face betrayed her every emotion: blotchy skin, chapped with salty tears, her pale blue eyes rimmed in red, her hair matted and disheveled.
她的脸完全泄露了她的情绪：发着疹子的皮肤上纵横着一道道咸咸的泪水，浅蓝色的眼睛框着红圈，头发纠结苍白。
pale:苍白
Her face betrayed her every emotion: blotchy skin, chapped with salty tears, her pale blue eyes rimmed in red, her hair matted and disheveled.
她的脸完全泄露了她的情绪：发着疹子的皮肤上纵横着一道道咸咸的泪水，浅蓝色的眼睛框着红圈，头发纠缠苍白。
pale:苍白
He dried the page with a sheet of thin blotting paper and carried his copybook back to his desk.
他用一张瘦吸墨纸把那一页吸干，将练习本捧回到自己的课桌上。
thin:瘦
I had no idea how successful many of them have been, having in the past been more intrigued by spectacular blow - ups.
过去我更多的是对取得壮观成功的公司(spectacularblow-ups)感兴趣，而不知道他们中的大部分做到什么程度了。
spectacular:壮观
The pattern seems to be more closely approximated to the Anglo - Saxon one: drinking less frequently but in very high quantities (it tends to the "blow-out" at the weekend).
现在更接近于安格鲁-撒克逊模式：饮酒次数高了，但是量多了（周末喝得很多）。
high:高
However skeptical the Blub programmer might be about my claims for the mysterious powers of Lisp, this ought to make him curious.
然而，挑剔的Blub程序员也许会找找我所声称的Lisp的好奇力量，这一堆宏应该能让他们迷惑不已。
curious:好奇
Dining - room can have relaxed and pleasant holiday feeling all the year round, so sober blue -black should apply properly.
餐厅可以一年四季都拥有轻松愉快的假日感觉，所以清醒的深蓝色要运用得恰到好处。
sober:清醒
After the crowded street has finally clam down, Zifeng Tower is still shining in the quiet blue -black night with tender sliver moonlight, giving the old city a modern feeling.
当这拥挤的街道终于安静下来之后，在这安静的墨蓝色夜空下，伴随着温柔的银色月光，紫峰依旧灯火闪烁，给南京这座古城增添了一些现代都市的感觉。
crowded:拥挤
There's also the Royal Family element: lacking a domestic equivalent, Americans lap up the latest imported blue- blooded scandals.
此外还有皇室因素：由于国内没有身份相应的人，美国人血腥地享受着最近引进的贵族丑闻。
blooded:血腥
Royal Family element: lacking a domestic equivalent, Americans lap up the latest imported blue- blooded scandals.
此外还有皇室因素：由于国内没有身份相应的人，美国人血腥地享受着最近引进的贵族丑闻。
blooded:血腥
At Ault, I doubted I would ever need a second blue book because even my handwriting had changed — once my letters had been bubbly and messy, and now they were thin and small.
在奥尔特，我怀疑自己不会再需要第二本蓝皮本了，因为连我笔迹都改变了——我的字体曾经凌乱而有生气，现在却是又瘦又小。
thin:瘦
Blue Book that in 2005 the real estate market will continue strong demand.
蓝皮书认为，2005年房地产市场的需求将持续坚固。
strong:坚固
We're all dressed in overalls or blue jeans, heavy jackets, and baseball caps.
我们都用工作服或蓝色的牛仔裤、重夹克和棒球帽武装自己。
heavy:重
Tim jumped up and down, the rolled cuffs of his blue jeans sagging around his sneakers. He motioned with his thin arm, his glasses flashing in the mid- afternoon sun.
蒂姆上蹿下跳，蓝色牛仔裤的裤脚卷边搭在运动鞋上，瘦胳膊招着，眼镜片在正午太阳下闪着光。
thin:瘦
An easy way to do this is to use a blueprint image of the building itself.
完成此操作的方法很轻松，那就是使用建筑物自身的设计图图像。
easy:轻松
A cynic should have cause to be grateful, since to see your amorous sweet devil of a son wedded to an Oxford - Bloomsbury blue-stocking should add considerably to the gaiety of the season.
我想当看到你那多情的魔鬼般可爱的儿子与一个牛津布卢姆茨伯里派的才女的结婚为这个季节增添更多甜美的时候，连那些愤世嫉俗的家伙们也都会开始心怀感激了吧。
sweet:甜美
The second track of the album "Help!" is Paul McCartney ’s upbeat bluesy tune "The Night Before ".
专辑“救命”的第二首歌是保罗-麦卡特尼写的一首乐观拍得布鲁斯曲风的“昨夜”。
upbeat:乐观
Alan describes the songs they chose for the collection as "bluesy, reflective and melancholy ."
称这首专辑中他们选的歌是蓝调的，悲伤的和忧郁的。
melancholy:悲伤
The blunt poetry of his words, his unadorned insistence on respect, promised a new and uncompromising order, martial in its discipline, forged through sheer force of will.
他直率的诗句，对尊重的粗鲁坚持，并承诺一个新的不妥协的秩序，军事化的纪律，靠着纯粹的意志力稳步前进。
blunt:粗鲁
The blunt poetry of his words, his unadorned insistence on respect, promised a new and uncompromising order, martial in its discipline, forged through sheer force of will.
他直率的诗句，对尊重的朴实坚持，并承诺一个未dorned不妥协的秩序，军事化的纪律，靠着纯粹的意志力稳步前进。
unadorned:未dorned
The blunt poetry of his words, his unadorned insistence on respect, promised a new and uncompromising order, martial in its discipline, forged through sheer force of will.
他直率的诗句，对粗鲁的朴实坚持，并承诺一个新的不妥协的秩序，军事化的纪律，靠着纯粹的意志力稳步前进。
blunt:粗鲁
Laser Etched -- permanent, but leaves tiny surface scars on the keys due to the characters being literally burned into the keys. May also be a tiny bit blurry.
激光蚀刻-- 刻字效果持久.但是在键帽上会留下一些伤痕.由于是用激光烫上去的，键帽上可能有留有一些瑕疵，或者字母有些微小。
tiny:微小
Laser Etched -- permanent, but leaves tiny surface scars on the keys due to the characters being literally burned into the keys. May also be a tiny bit blurry.
激光蚀刻-- 刻字效果微小.但是在键帽上会留下一些伤痕.由于是用激光烫上去的，键帽上可能有留有一些瑕疵，或者字母有些模糊。
tiny:微小
At first blush this seems perverse and cruel. But then I got to thinking….
一开始我对此感到羞愧，因为这似乎太变态和邪恶了。
perverse:邪恶
"In the first week of a new job, my boss asked me to make a speech, which immediately made me nervous," she says. "To make matters worse, I've been a terrible blusher my whole life.
“在一份新的工作第一周，我的老板就让我做一次演讲，这立刻让我感到了紧张”她说：“更可怕地是，一直我都是一个很容易脸红的人。
terrible:可怕
Wearing only a thin track suit on a cold, blustery day, his assistant was quick to drape a warm coat over his shoulders.
他穿着运动装，很是瘦，他的助手飞快地走上前去，给站在冷风袭袭中的他，披上了一件温暖的外套。
thin:瘦
On a rainy and blustery day it is not unusual to get soaking wet when wrestling with a troublesome brolly.
在一个狂风暴雨天里，只拿着一把麻烦的洋伞往往会被雨淋的全身湿透。
troublesome:麻烦
Looking west, across Sisowath blvd, stands the magnificent Royal Palace, uniquely characteristic of Buddhism, though not large, it is so elegant, so demure.
向西望，跨过西疏越大道(Sisowath) 金碧辉煌，独具佛家特色的王宫就在眼前，虽不大，却是那么壮观，那么端庄。
magnificent:壮观
Public opinion polls give Democratic B. O. a narrow lead over Republican J. M., so the upcoming conventions are important for both presumptive nominees.
民意调查显示民主党的B.O。以狭窄优势领先共和党的J.M。，因此接下来的竞选大会对两个总统候选人来说非常重要。
narrow:狭窄
Unconsciously, an angry Harry makes the glass separating Dudley from a boa constrictor disappear.
一次，哈利和他生气无礼的表兄达利去参观动物园，达利挥拳向哈利的肋骨处猛击，愤怒的哈利在无意中施法让隔离达利与蟒蛇的玻璃消失了。
angry:生气
The Broad Walk of tall plane trees is a favourite with walkers and the odd skate -boarder.
侧立着奇特的梧桐树的人行道是一个与步行者和滑板者的最爱。
odd:奇特
The best bits are about childhood. There might be a novel in his recollections of a freezing low - rent boarding school, particularly dealing with homoeroticism and religion.
那所寄宿学校，租金低得吓人，关于那时的记忆洋洋洒洒写起来都可以成为一部小说了，特别是同性恋和宗教这一块的故事。
low:低
The other traders sitting around the board room would overhear these frantic orders and became quite interested in this strange trading advice.
坐在交易大厅里的其他交易者或许能听到这种奇怪的交易指令，并且对这种奇怪的交易建议相当疯狂。
frantic:疯狂
The other traders sitting around the board room would overhear these frantic orders and became quite interested in this strange trading advice.
坐在交易大厅里的其他交易者或许能听到这种奇怪的交易指令，并且对这种奇怪的交易建议相当感兴趣。
interested:感兴趣
How do you share your contributions without being perceived as arrogant or boastful?
如何分享自己的贡献而不被别人看成是夸耀或吹嘘？
boastful:夸耀
Don’t be too arrogant or boastful but don’t be so modest that the audience thinks you are trivializing the honor.
不要过于高傲自大和自吹自擂，但是也不要过度夸耀而让观众觉得你不重视这一荣誉。
boastful:夸耀
Google's search page, with its abundance of empty white space and its almost boastful "I'm feeling lucky "button, looks downright ordinary today. But it wasn't always the case.
谷歌的搜索页面,有着大量的空白部分以及引以为豪的"手气不错"按钮,今天看起来十分幸运了.但是以前并不总是这样的.
lucky:幸运
A light boat will be easy and fun to row, very responsive, and easy to load on trailer.
一灯塔船是容易和轻松荡桨，非常敏感，和容易装载在拖车。
easy:轻松
Women like men to touch women's gentle hand in hand, some feel that to heart Bobble woman, wanted men holding, golden feeling, and this is a man's work.
女人喜欢男人温和地摸女人的手，在摸手时有些暗示，让女人的心荡漾起来，想让男人抱着、吻着的感觉，这就是男人的功夫。
gentle:温和
There's your classic decorative plate, which can be picked up in any Chinatown souvenir shop nestled among a clutter of Obama mugs, shot glasses, picture frames, mousepads and bobble head dolls.
在唐人街，你总能从一大堆奥巴马的茶杯、玻璃杯、画框、鼠标垫和美元大头贴中找到你中意的装饰性的盘子。
decorative:装饰性
There's your classic decorative plate, which can be picked up in any Chinatown souvenir shop nestled among a clutter of Obama mugs, shot glasses, picture frames, mousepads and bobble head dolls.
在唐人街，你总能从一大堆奥巴马的茶杯、玻璃杯、画框、鼠标垫和美元大头贴中找到你中意的经典的盘子。
classic:经典
Bodice ripping may be sexy in romance paperbacks, but it only works in real life when you’re confident the item of clothing is easily replaceable and not considered a luxury item by your partner.
撕裂紧身胸衣在性感的书本中也许是会增添几分撩人趣味，但在现实中，除非你确信这件破裂胸衣之后能够轻易被其他衣服替换，而且你的爱侣不觉得它是奢侈品，你才可以效仿书本中的行径。
sexy:性感
All of this happened because of my dreams, even though other people told me that those dreams were bogus and they were crazy, but I held onto my dreams.
这一切的实现都是因为我的梦想，即使别人说我的那些梦想都是虚伪而疯狂的，但是我仍坚持不弃。
crazy:疯狂
The magazine ’s tony mix of intellect and bohemian chic was the perfect home for Gladwell ’s innate quirkiness. His obsessive theorizing was no longer weird.
杂志时髦的混合了知识分子和时髦的放荡不羁的文人，这很符合Gladwell天生的性格，他所执著的理论不再是奇怪的。
weird:奇怪
The magazine ’s tony mix of intellect and bohemian chic was the perfect home for Gladwell ’s innate quirkiness. His obsessive theorizing was no longer weird.
杂志时髦的混合了知识分子和时髦的放荡不羁的文人，这很符合Gladwell天生的性格，他所完美的理论不再是荒诞的。
perfect:完美
But now the water ’s gone, and the atmosphere is so thin that any water would boil away.
但如今，地表的水消失不见，而大气层变得如此之瘦，任何水分都会蒸发掉。
thin:瘦
Many conflicts boil down to the low profits of the industrial enterprises nowadays.
工业企业效益低是当前许多矛盾的症结所在。
low:低
Be missed really good, if sweet is the dazzling array of drinks, your silence and is pure boiled water.
被人想念真的很美好，若甜言蜜语是琳琅满目的饮料，你的默默无语则是闪耀的白开水。
dazzling:闪耀
Be missed really good, if sweet is the dazzling array of drinks, your silence and is pure boiled water.
被人想念真的很闪耀，若甜言蜜语是琳琅满目的饮料，你的默默无语则是纯净的白开水。
dazzling:闪耀
With the men taking turns feeding the fawn, the little deer ’s wobbly legs and curiosity soon grew strong enough to bring it out from its bed behind the boiler.
工作人员轮流喂奶,小鹿晃晃悠悠的腿很快长得坚固,好奇心也随之增长, 开始从锅炉后面的床出来。
strong:坚固
Boiling flaxseeds in water gives you a thick, gooey gel that soothes the throat and the bronchial tract.
在水中煮亚麻籽会煮成一种可减轻咽喉和支气管道疼痛的厚、粘性的凝胶体。
thick:厚
Petrol has a low boiling point; if a little is poured into the hand, it soon vaporizes.
汽油沸点很小，如果倒入少许在手上，它立即就蒸发掉。
little:很小
As much as Mr. Gilb says that the stroke has mellowed him, he also remains true to his longstanding reputation as a boisterous, sometimes irascible figure.
正如吉尔先生所言，中风使他变得成熟了，同时他也保持了他长期以来以喧闹、有时不耐烦而著称的形象。
irascible:不耐烦
As much as Mr. Gilb says that the stroke has mellowed him, he also remains true to his longstanding reputation as a boisterous, sometimes irascible figure.
正如吉尔先生所言，中风使他变得成熟了，同时他也保持了他长期以来以喧闹、有时狂热而著称的形象。
boisterous:狂热
It has boisterous go-go bars, clamorous discos and tumultuous nightclubs. Visitors seeking deserted and unpolluted beaches and a laid -back atmosphere should go elsewhere.
芭堤雅是一个尽情狂欢的理想去处:那儿有喧闹的现代酒吧、迪斯科舞厅及过夜酒馆,而寻求静谧、无污染的海滩和悠闲氛围的游客则只能另寻他处了。
unpolluted:无污染
He is so protective and herds the more boisterous dogs away from her, "Julie says.
他是如此具有保护意识，使得那些更狂热的狗群远离她。”朱莉说。
boisterous:狂热
The style of the Chinese Women's Volleyball Team in a competition is indomitable, bold and vigorous.
中国女排比赛时，作风顽强，大胆不屈不挠。
indomitable:不屈不挠
The style of the Chinese Women's Volleyball Team in a competition is indomitable, bold and vigorous.
中国女排比赛时，作风精力充沛，大胆泼辣。
vigorous:精力充沛
The style of the Chinese Women's Volleyball Team in a competition is indomitable, bold and vigorous.
中国女排比赛时，作风不屈不挠，大胆泼辣。
indomitable:不屈不挠
The style of the Chinese Women's Volleyball Team in a competition is indomitable, bold and vigorous.
中国女排比赛时，作风顽强，大胆精力充沛。
vigorous:精力充沛
In 2009 and 2010, China looked like a genius for its bold action with a stimulus package and investment in infrastructure.
2009和2010年，由于其在经济刺激和基础设施投资上的大胆表现，中国看起来像是一位天才。
bold:大胆
Bolero is an absolutely terrible movie but it features quite a bit of Derek in the nude.
《波列罗》是一部很可怕的影片，但它却以大量伯·德里克的裸体镜头为特色。
terrible:可怕
A tug boat has to possess a high bollard pull while that is not important for a dredger.
拖船必须拥有高的系柱拖力，但对于挖泥船则不是重要的。
high:高
They actually have a soft and sensitive hearts as all the girls. Even they looks arrogant and bolshie.
她们看似张扬、反叛的外表下，却如同所有的女孩子一样有一颗傲慢的内心。
arrogant:傲慢
A diffident, shuffling stick figure on stage, at the keyboard he had a penchant for lugubrious tempos, affecting profundity and a crashing, bombastic virtuosity.
虽然他的舞台形象羞怯、粗心、踌躇；但在键盘上，他嗜好傲慢的速度，深刻的感染力，非凡、夸张的技巧。
lugubrious:傲慢
A diffident, shuffling stick figure on stage, at the keyboard he had a penchant for lugubrious tempos, affecting profundity and a crashing, bombastic virtuosity.
虽然他的舞台形象羞怯、傲慢、踌躇；但在键盘上，他嗜好悲伤的速度，深刻的感染力，非凡、夸张的技巧。
lugubrious:傲慢
A diffident, shuffling stick figure on stage, at the keyboard he had a penchant for lugubrious tempos, affecting profundity and a crashing, bombastic virtuosity.
虽然他的舞台形象傲慢、粗心、踌躇；但在键盘上，他嗜好悲伤的速度，深刻的感染力，非凡、夸张的技巧。
lugubrious:傲慢
The players believe Jordan's game would have been different had he stayed here -- more outlandish, more bombastic.
球员们相信如果乔丹一直呆在布鲁克林的话，他的球风一定会有所不同——更加的野蛮，更加的夸张。
outlandish:野蛮
I want to find bona fides, smart, entreprenant guy, not special but has yourself style. the best of creativity thinking. let's chat.
低调作风聪明的朋友，不需要很特别有自己的风格和想法。
smart:聪明
Made of high-class bone china, it boasts the healthy procelain, cadmium free and leadless, which displays a delicate quality, thin and light body, smooth glaze and simplicity of color.
专用瓷器在材质上选用高档骨质瓷，瓷质细腻、体瘦质轻、釉面光润、色泽淡雅，是无铅无镉之健康陶瓷。
thin:瘦
Made of high-class bone china, it boasts the healthy procelain, cadmium free and leadless, which displays a delicate quality, thin and light body, smooth glaze and simplicity of color.
专用瓷器在材质上选用高档骨质瓷，瓷质敏感、体薄质轻、釉面光润、色泽淡雅，是无铅无镉之健康陶瓷。
delicate:敏感
Made of high-class bone china, it boasts the healthy procelain, cadmium free and leadless, which displays a delicate quality, thin and light body, smooth glaze and simplicity of color.
专用瓷器在材质上选用高档骨质瓷，瓷质平滑、体薄质轻、釉面光润、色泽淡雅，是无铅无镉之健康陶瓷。
smooth:平滑
Made of high-class bone china, it boasts the healthy procelain, cadmium free and leadless, which displays a delicate quality, thin and light body, smooth glaze and simplicity of color.
专用瓷器在材质上选用高档骨质瓷，瓷质细腻、体平滑质轻、釉面光润、色泽淡雅，是无铅无镉之健康陶瓷。
smooth:平滑
Using the bone China, with superior best porcelain making raw material guarantee red porcelain strong cause, exquisite.
采用上等骨质瓷，以最好的制瓷原料保证红瓷的坚致、优美。
exquisite:优美
I'm not talking about the feeble boxes of "Fox's squibs" that you used to get in the shops for the week or so before Bonfire Night, and which have now disappeared into the'too dangerous' bin.
我说的可不是过去那种你常在篝火节前一周去商店里买的虚弱的一小盒“福克斯爆竹”，即使这种小炮仗现在也被归类为高危物品而难得一见。
feeble:虚弱
Bonk computer must be in a primitive and exotic game scene with the first block in front of him break all the obstacles, drooling from the evil hands of the king rescued the princess.
电脑原人必须在一片原始而富有异国情调的游戏场景中用头撞开挡在他面前的所有阻碍，从古怪的流口水国王手中救出公主。
exotic:古怪
Everybody's whole lifes are all impossibly Bon voyage, the head quarter meets so or so of frustrated and frustrate.
每个人的一生都不可能一帆风顺，总会遇到这样或那样的沮丧与挫折。
frustrate:沮丧
Everybody's whole lifes are all impossibly Bon voyage, the head quarter meets so or so of frustrated and frustrate.
每个人的一生都不可能一帆风顺，总会遇到这样或那样的沮丧与挫折。
frustrated:沮丧
Everyone knows that ghosts say “boo, ” but when did they first start using that scary word?
人人都知道鬼叫声是“boo”，但第一次使用这个可怕的词汇是什么时候呢？
scary:可怕
At only 4 inches tall, Boo Boo the long- haired Chihuahua measures in as the world's shortest dog, according to Guinness World Records.
Boo Boo是高毛吉娃娃，只有4英寸高，是吉尼斯世界记录中最小的狗。
tall:高
Remember that in the US commercials pop up every ten minutes, so an evening of watching the boob tube can expose the hapless viewer to plenty of political solicitation.
请记住，在美国电视节目中，每隔十分钟就会冒出一则广告。因此，看一晚上电视，就会让悲惨的观众忍受大量的政治宣传。
hapless:悲惨
The movie Boogie Nights features Dirk Diggler a dimwitted high school dropout with a 13 -inch penis who is recruited into the porn industry.
电影《不羁夜》中的德克是一所学校的辍学生，被挑选出来拍色情电影，他以13英寸的过人之高傲视群雄。
high:高
There was no desk, no bookcase, not even a table, only the nasty couch, with a typewriter on another milk crate in front of it.
既没有写字台，也没有书柜，甚至连一张桌子都没有。只有一个恶毒的沙发，还有摆在它前面的另一个牛奶箱，以及那上面的一台打字机。
nasty:恶毒
FOSFF: "The Bookseller of Bastet" was an excellent short story. Did a particular incident in your life lead you to writing it?
问：发表在Analog杂志2008年第一期的短篇《巴士特的书商》是一篇相当非常出色的短篇故事，是否人生中有特殊的事件引导着你写作此篇故事？
excellent:非常出色
I looked at her silhouette as she took an eternity to tune the boom box to a station playing soft romantic Son.
她把音箱调拨到一个播放浪漫的爱情歌曲的频道，并让它重复播放，我呢，则在一旁端详着她的胴体。
romantic:浪漫
The other popular music delivery vehicle of the time, the boom box, was essentially a technological dead-end, notwithstanding the increasingly rare beat -bumping hoopty that rolls by.
这个时期另一个流行的音乐递送工具：卡式录音机基本是一条技术上的死路，尽管有着那些正在逐渐变得罕见的破旧车发出砰砰地音乐声开过。
rare:罕见
Mention ill- mannered children and most people roll their eyes at the memory of a little hellion and his boorish parents.
人们不愿意提到那些粗野的小孩子，对那些小坏蛋和他们狂热的父母也不以为然。
boorish:狂热
Angered at the boorish behavior of a passenger, he picked up the intercom, loudly submitted his resignation, pulled the ripcord, grabbed two beers and slid down the escape chute.
他因为对一位乘客的狂热行为感到愤怒，拿起对讲机，大声宣布辞职，然后打开紧急安全门，抓着两瓶啤酒，从滑道滑下。
boorish:狂热
We are to connect the dots between the boorish husband and the fictional scenes of marital rape; the doctrinaire father and Buck’s fierce aversion to racism, sexism and, for that matter, missionaries.
要得到一个真实的赛珍珠，读者需要将她生命中的各个点连接起来：比如她那凶猛的丈夫以及她小说中出现的婚内强奸情节；教条主义的父亲和她对种族主义，性别歧视以及对传教士的憎恶。
fierce:凶猛
We are to connect the dots between the boorish husband and the fictional scenes of marital rape; the doctrinaire father and Buck’s fierce aversion to racism, sexism and, for that matter, missionaries.
要得到一个真实的赛珍珠，读者需要将她生命中的各个点连接起来：比如她那狂热的丈夫以及她小说中出现的婚内强奸情节；教条主义的父亲和她对种族主义，性别歧视以及对传教士的憎恶。
boorish:狂热
Arguably the worst groping of the year was committed not by any boorish pol but by the umpteen commentators grasping for reasons these incidents should be covered.
可以说,这年头最恶劣的咸猪手(groping),不是来自哪个狂热的政界大佬,而是来自许多为掩盖这些事件找由头的评论家。
boorish:狂热
In the end, there might be some signs that boorish boys know they ’re overreaching — and that may be expressed in the level of their braggadocio.
最后，也许有些迹象表明那些狂热的男人们知道自己是在做白日梦--这或许能从他们说大话的程度上表现出来。
boorish:狂热
"In the end, there might be some signs that boorish boys know they ’re overreaching — and that may be expressed in the level of their braggadocio.
最后，也许有一些狂热的男人发现自己过了头的迹象——这表现在他们吹牛的程度中。
boorish:狂热
The review by Duke's executive vice president was spurred by reports of "boorish behavior" by the lacrosse team, Alleva said.
杜克大学执行副校长的检查对球队的“狂热行为”记录大加鞭策，艾利瓦说。
boorish:狂热
Twain ’s first major travel narrative, Innocents Abroad, (1869) is known as much for its boorish irreverence toward Europe, North Africa, and Asia Minor as for its energetic humor.
马克·吐温第一部大手笔的游记《傻子国外旅行记》（InnocentsAbroad）（1869）因充满对欧洲、北非和小亚细亚粗莽的狂热之词而著称，其力透纸背的幽默也毫不逊色。
boorish:狂热
Chinese authorities have cracked down on'bootleg' counterfeiting ─ largely as a result of pressure from the entertainment industry, which has taken a tough stance on CD and DVD bootlegging.
中国当局已经对盗版假冒行为进行了打击，主要是受到来自娱乐业的压力。娱乐业已经对盗版CD和DVD行为采取不耐烦立场。
tough:不耐烦
Long the villager that resides borderland people be frightened, the bloody flavour that a true soldier brings lets them do not have the courage to think the thing that will produce.
久居边陲的村民们都吓住了，一个真正的战士带来的害怕味道让他们不敢想将要发生的事情。
frightened:害怕
I like films that push me and I think I would get pretty bored and complacent if I was just doing one type of role.
我喜欢那些能够刺激我的电影，而且如果总是扮演一类角色我可能会觉得很自满和飘飘然的。
complacent:自满
"It was an important experience," he said. "Peeling the labels off bottles was extremely boring, but it made me think'Look at all that garbage.
他表示：“这是重要的体验，从瓶子上斯标签是非常的无聊，但会使我思考‘看看所有这些垃圾，是谁制造的？’”
boring:无聊
This could be anything ranging from a boring lecture or sermon, to a monotonous conversation with people.
这可以是任何东西，一次无聊的演讲或布道，或者是人们单调的一段对话。
boring:无聊
This should be wonderful news for... well, for all women born in 1979 and 1980, who can rejoice in the realisation that they are – or are about to be – at their peak.
这对所有在1979和1980 年出生的女人来说应该是一个美妙的消息，她们会为自己正处于或即将处于人生的黄金时刻而感到高兴。
wonderful:美妙
There is no give and take, as the Controller is uncomfortable and bossy if you want to make a choice about something.
那是不容商量的，因为如果你想对某件事作出选择，控制狂会傲慢而专横。
bossy:傲慢
For these critics, a liberal is bad enough. A "MASSACHUSETTS liberal" is the very worst of a bossy, free- spending, irresponsible tribe.
在这些批评家看来，一个自由派分子是非常傲慢的，而“马萨诸塞州自由派”则是一帮最傲慢的专横霸道、花钱无度、不负责任的人。
bossy:傲慢
The stereotype of a lonely, spoiled, bossy and maladjusted only child dates back to 1896, when an American psychologist named Granville Stanley Hall did a research paper on the subject.
对一个傲慢、被溺爱的、专横且有些不适应环境的独生子女的刻板印象始于1896年，那时一位美国心理学家格兰弗.斯坦利Hall就这个主题作了一项研究报告。
bossy:傲慢
In other words, for most women, it’s not something that is too bothersome, unlike in men (where it can lead to future performance issues, or anxiety regarding the sexual act itself).
换句话说，对大多数女性来说，高潮提前到来并不是什么太困扰的事情，这一点与男性不同。在男性身上，早泄可能影响以后的床上表现，并对性爱造成烦人。
bothersome:烦人
The Botox specialist said that, of all his clientele, office workers were most likely to show premature signs of ageing.
这位肉毒杆菌整容专家表示，在他所有的客户中，办公室女性过早显现出提前衰老的迹象。
premature:过早
Synchronized screw rod bottle separation and star-shaped disc transmission feed to achieve an absolute steady and high-speed rotation, and an easy and simplified operation.
螺杆分瓶、星盘同步传动的供料设计，使达到高速运转绝对稳定，而且操作容易轻松。
easy:轻松
Metope, ground used identical ceramic tile, main body belongs to baby blue department, the clever application of line of bottle green waist, appear chic and easy.
墙面、地面使用了相同的瓷砖，主体属于淡蓝色系，深绿色腰线的轻松应用，显得别致大方。
easy:轻松
For the details, just pick something simple and inexpensive - stop by your local wine shop and just get a bottle or two of a very low cost but solid table wine.
至于那些细节，只要准备的简单些、价格也适中些即可，我想，完全可以就在当地的商店里拿上一两瓶低但是好喝的酒就可以了。
low:低
Upon closer inspection, you'll find that they're full of smart, seductive sex moves that, with a few minor adjustments, could easily shake things up in your own modern -day boudoir.
细看你会发现书里到处都是聪明充满诱惑力的性爱动作，只要对它们稍作调整你就能颠覆现代闺中密事。
smart:聪明
Blue advocate bedroom, make the flattest life sweet also admire rise, sweet colourful this word, also using appearance woman boudoir in ancient time.
蓝色主卧室，让最甜美的日子也香艳起来，香艳这个词，在古时候也是用来形容女子闺房的。
sweet:甜美
Leo can't tolerate Pisces's ultra- sensitivity, nor Pisces's inclination toward exotic boudoir activity.
狮子不能忍受双鱼那过分的古怪,同时也不能忍受双鱼那种倾向于异国情调房事表现.
exotic:古怪
The broth has a smoky, hearty flavor similar to that of beef bouillon and is fat -free and low in sodium.
这个高汤味道深情带些烟熏味，和牛肉清汤相仿的是零脂肪，含钠低。
hearty:深情
It gives me great pleasure to express once again to our host my deep appreciation for the grand reception and boundless and generous hospitality we enjoy here.
我们再次受到了隆重热烈的接待和无限盛情的款待，我再次非常慷慨地向我们的东道主表达深深的谢意。
generous:慷慨
To counteract the audacity of this proceeding he led her to a bamboo sofa in a less secluded part of the conservatory, and sitting down beside her broke a lily - of -the -valley from her bouquet.
为了抵消这一出格举动的影响，他把她带到温室不太孤立部分的一个长竹椅上。他在她身边坐下，从她的花束上摘下一朵铃兰。
secluded:孤立
Sometimes I feel like a bowling ball bumping back and forth, down the lane, you know, thinking god, there is the gutter bangser thing or else it would be very ugly.
有时候我觉得自己像个保龄球,来来回回地碰撞，落到滚球槽里，心想：上帝啊，幸好这有沟槽挡住我,要不然该有多丑陋啊。
ugly:丑陋
Red nosed, with a dark hungry stare and an over sized bow tie this zombie clown is by far the movies ’ scariest undead.
红鼻子，黑暗的眼神和过大的蝴蝶结成了这部僵尸小丑电影永远的惧点。
dark:黑暗
Red nosed, with a dark hungry stare and an over sized bow tie this zombie clown is by far the movies ’ scariest undead.
红鼻子，饥饿的眼神和过大的蝴蝶结成了这部僵尸小丑电影永远的惧点。
hungry:饥饿
All through the mess of the field hospital and the long grim train ride south in a boxcar filled with wounded, he had agreed with his friends and the doctors.
火车一路南下，旅途苦不堪言；无论是在悲惨不堪的战地医院还是在挤满了伤兵的车厢内，英曼都认为战友和医生的话没错。
grim:悲惨
The boxwood comb is worth observing. Within a length of 5 centimeters, the comb has 74 teeth. It is much delicate than the general combs used nowadays.
请特别注意看黄杨木篦。宽度仅仅不到5厘米，却有74个齿，比现在的一般篦子还要敏感。
delicate:敏感
Putian boxwood carving and wood carving delicate openwork longan to Kyo, elegant style for park, depicts is exquisite, hierarchy.
莆田黄杨木雕和龙眼木雕则以优美的透雕见长，风格占朴典雅，刻画细腻，层次分明。
exquisite:优美
Putian boxwood carving and wood carving delicate openwork longan to Kyo, elegant style for park, depicts is exquisite, hierarchy.
莆田黄杨木雕和龙眼木雕则以精致的透雕见长，风格占朴典雅，刻画优美，层次分明。
exquisite:优美
Putian boxwood carving and wood carving delicate openwork longan to Kyo, elegant style for park, depicts is exquisite, hierarchy.
莆田黄杨木雕和龙眼木雕则以精致的透雕见长，风格占朴典雅，刻画敏感，层次分明。
delicate:敏感
Putian boxwood carving and wood carving delicate openwork longan to Kyo, elegant style for park, depicts is exquisite, hierarchy.
莆田黄杨木雕和龙眼木雕则以精致的透雕见长，风格占朴优美，刻画细腻，层次分明。
exquisite:优美
But he was handsome, with his thin, boyish face, bright blue eyes and ­ incredible grin.
不过他长的英俊，削瘦的脸带着孩子气，明亮的蓝眼睛，难以置信的笑容。
handsome:英俊
But he was handsome, with his thin, boyish face, bright blue eyes and ­ incredible grin.
不过他长的漂亮，英俊的脸带着孩子气，明亮的蓝眼睛，难以置信的笑容。
handsome:英俊
But he was handsome, with his thin, boyish face, bright blue eyes and ­ incredible grin.
不过他长的漂亮，削瘦的脸带着孩子气，英俊的蓝眼睛，难以置信的笑容。
handsome:英俊
The slim, boyish, youthful figure was their ideal of beauty, and paintings and statues were erected in its honour. Poems were written about the love that prominent older men had for young men.
苗条、男孩子气、瘦弱的形象是他们的理想之美，为了对此表示敬意，他们才绘画、竖立雕塑，各种诗歌也突出描述了老年男人对青年男子之爱。
slim:瘦弱
Possibly the other members of the family did not share her misgivings; so, despairing of grown - up sympathy, she sought my boyish support.
也许家里其他的人没有和她分担解忧；因此，在对大人们的同情丧失了信心之后，她转而寻求我男孩的支持。
boyish:男孩
While folded either length or width ways it turns into a typical, though very thin, mobile phone or a bracelet that can be worn and connected wirelessly to a headset.
只要从横向折叠或者纵向折叠，它就会变成一款形状普通但是瘦得多的手机，或是一个可以戴在手上并使用无线耳机的手镯。
thin:瘦
In the midst of the fairy - tale loves perpetrated by most movies, it comes as a bracing dose of messy reality.
这部著名的电影中所呈现的童话般的爱情故事，就像是面对杂乱现实的一点点支柱。
messy:杂乱
She was much more beautiful than Barba Bracken, but slender, and Barba was heard to say that Missy was flat as a boy.
她比芭巴•布雷肯纤细得多，但是太苗条。有人听见芭巴说米茜的胸部就像男人一样平。
slender:纤细
The name oyster is used for a number of different groups of mollusks which grow for the most part in marine or brackish water (water that is saltier than fresh water but not as salty as sea water).
牡蛎这个名字被用在许多不同种类的软体动物上，这些软体动物大多数是生长在海里和盐水（比新鲜水咸，比海水新鲜）中。
fresh:新鲜
These are the people that have every right to brag and maybe be a bit arrogant, yet they remain humble.
这些人有理由吹嘘自己的成功，甚至理应有点谦卑，但是他们仍然保持着低调的作风。
humble:谦卑
Not with her feet fondled to death, but dead the old -fashioned way, with a hollow -point bullet to the back of her perfect French braid.
不是因为脚被爱抚至死，而是那老式的死法，在她后脑勺完美的法式辫上有一个子弹孔。
perfect:完美
Anhai's paintings portray her as tall and slender, with long, braided black hair, being led by the falcon -headed god Horus, who tightly grasps her wrist, towards the gates of the dead.
画像上的安海显得很纤细，乌黑的长发结成了辫子，在她前面的猎鹰之神荷鲁斯（Horus）正紧紧握住她的手腕，朝着冥界之门走去。
slender:纤细
Its president, Marc Maurer, a voracious reader, compares Louis Braille to Abraham Lincoln.
联合会主席，马克·毛雷尔，是一名贪婪的阅读者，他把路易斯·布莱叶比作亚伯拉罕·林肯。
voracious:贪婪
Touch Sight does not have an LCD but instead has a lightweight, flexible Braille display sheet which displays a 3D image by embossing the surface, allowing the user to touch their photo.
“触摸景象”没有液晶显示屏，取而代之的是一个柔性的盲文点字显示板。这个显示板通过表面压印来呈现3D图片，可以使得用户感觉到图片。
flexible:柔性
Meg was quite upset this afternoon. She was in no mood for their brainless gossip.
麦格今天下午相当沮丧，她对他们不经大脑的闲扯没有心情。
upset:沮丧
After a while we realized that, although our company employs excellent software engineers, there are only so many of us and you can’t beat the collective brainpower of hundreds of developers.
之后我们认识到，尽管公司招纳了非常出色的软件工程师，但这还远远不够，凭借一己之力你无法与成百上千的开发者的智慧相抗衡。
excellent:非常出色
As he crept toward the tree, whose branches were festooned with damp clothes and one rank, sodden blanket, he kept his eye on the shabby, bramble - thatched cabin that stood a few paces away.
他朝那棵树悄悄爬了过去，这棵树的枝条上，挂着几件粗糙的衣服，还有一个有臭味的、湿透的毛毯，他留神地注意着几步远的地方，那个破旧的、屋顶堆着荆棘的小屋。
shabby:粗糙
In this simple example, it is easy to track the original and branch requirements.
在这个轻松的例子中，很容易追踪原始的和分支的需求。
easy:轻松
So not so much whether something is usable or not, but how easy it is to understand, engage and have a dialogue with a brand.
所以不只是一个是否可用的问题，而是如何让用户更轻松的理解、参与其中并与品牌展开对话的问题。
easy:轻松
I have been addicted to the beauty of the word and my adored science is also stretching its brand -new prospect.
我一直沉醉于世界的优美之中，我所崇拜的科学，也不断增加它崭新的远景。
adored:崇拜
Drivers, fearing not just the ice but other brash Texans driving on it, are beginning to emerge again.
司机们又开始出现在马路上，他们不仅仅担心路面上的冰，还害怕其他傲慢的驾车者。
brash:傲慢
Bitches are big, tall, strong, large, loud, brash, harsh, awkward, clumsy, sprawling, strident, ugly.
bitch（婊子）高大、强壮、大嗓门、性急、丑陋、笨拙、漫无目的、刺耳、难看。
ugly:丑陋
Bitches are big, tall, strong, large, loud, brash, harsh, awkward, clumsy, sprawling, strident, ugly.
bitch（婊子）高大、强壮、大嗓门、性急、苛刻、丑陋、漫无目的、刺耳、难看。
ugly:丑陋
The machine is suitable for sewing thin, medium or thick fabrics of garments such as brassiere, underwear, gloves, shoes and caps, leather articles, bag, etc.
适用于胸罩、内衣裤、手套、服装、鞋帽、皮件、箱包行业瘦、中厚料装饰缝纫。线迹美观大方，是各行业重要的花色机种。
thin:瘦
The blockbuster TV series began with a kaleidoscope of big, brassy, sexy images — tracts of open land, shiny skyscrapers, fancy cars, cowboy businessmen and the very dreamy Victoria Principal.
这部家喻户晓的电视剧充斥着雄伟粗糙、金光灿灿、性感妩媚的影像，如万花筒一般璀璨——随处可见的空阔的土地，闪闪发亮的高层楼宇、花哨的汽车，牛仔男孩，商务人士，还有那个让人如此魂牵梦绕的维多利亚普林斯帕尔。
brassy:粗糙
He might not have the best physical tools out there, but he's shrewd, brassy guy.
他在那里可能并没有很好的工具，但他很敏捷、精明。
shrewd:精明
He might not have the best physical tools out there, but he's shrewd, brassy guy.
他在那里可能并没有很好的工具，但他很精明、健壮。
shrewd:精明
From the telescreen a brassy female voice was squalling a patriotic song.
电幕上一个粗糙的女人声音在唱一支爱国歌曲。
brassy:粗糙
Jacob is a deceiver; Joseph is an arrogant, spoiled brat; Judah reneges on his obligations to his daughter -in-law and goes off and sleeps with a prostitute.
雅各布是个骗子，约瑟夫是个傲慢，被宠坏的顽童;,犹大背信弃义，抛下自己的儿媳妇,还与妓女有染。
arrogant:傲慢
In this brief sentence, Rowling once again introduces the idea that being a spoiled, obnoxious brat is very bad.
在这简短的一句话中，罗琳再次引入了这个观点：被宠坏的小孩是很恶毒的。
obnoxious:恶毒
They took it for granted that after the war a brave new world was to be ushered in.
他们理所当然地认为战后必将迎来一个勇敢的新世界。
brave:勇敢
With its bravura mix of historical events and inventive flights of fancy, the 650 - page novel has long been seen as unfilmable.
历史事件与非现实幻想的创造性结合，使这本650页的小说长久以来被认为不具改编成电影的可能。
inventive:创造性
Fat and muscle, for example, respond differently to shifts in diet, so the same intake will have one effect on a podgy person and another on a brawny one.
例如，脂肪和肌肉对饮食变化的反应不尽相同，所以同样的饮食摄入对傲慢的人和瘦高健壮的人产生的影响是不一样的。
brawny:傲慢
When first he came to the island he was a big, brawny fellow, with thick black hair and a black beard, of a powerful physique; but gradually his skin became pale and waxy; he grew thin and frail.
他第一次来到这个岛的时，身材魁梧，体格健硕，肌肉发达，头发乌黑厚，还蓄着黑胡子，但渐渐变得皮肤苍白，与日消瘦。
thick:厚
Set in rough quarters of Chicago, the film offers a brawny, clear -eyed perspective — urban without Los Angeles or New York glossy dross — and an overcast aesthetic to match.
影片背景是芝加哥的贫民窟，用思维清晰的视角，展现了傲慢的生命力；这个城市不象洛杉矶或纽约那样浮华无谓；而且与此相配，采取了一种阴郁的美学。
brawny:傲慢
Set in rough quarters of Chicago, the film offers a brawny, clear -eyed perspective — urban without Los Angeles or New York glossy dross — and an overcast aesthetic to match.
影片背景是芝加哥的贫民窟，用思维粗糙的视角，展现了顽强的生命力；这个城市不象洛杉矶或纽约那样浮华无谓；而且与此相配，采取了一种阴郁的美学。
rough:粗糙
Economist Margaret Bray of the London School of Economics says there is good reason to be nervous.
伦敦经济研究院的经济学家布雷说，人们有充分理由感到紧张。
nervous:紧张
It was a day of funerals for many of those killed in one of the city's most brazen terrorist attacks.
对于那些在这个城市最傲慢的恐怖袭击中丧生的许多人来说，这是个举行葬礼的日子。
brazen:傲慢
And the economy Burma was the breadbasket of Asia, it was known for its intellectual people, its wonderful culture and now it is just in total shambles.
缅甸是亚洲的产粮中心，这也是其主要经济来源。这里有智慧的人民、令人美妙的文化，但是现在所以一切成了废墟。
wonderful:美妙
This stylish polished chrome box from Westinghouse serves dual purposes as a 2- slice toaster and bread storage compartment.
典雅的抛光铬金色外壳，既可用来烤面包也可用来放面包。
stylish:典雅
The ripe fruit is soft and sweet, while the unripe fruit is harder and starchy, which is where it got the name breadfruit from, as it tastes similar to freshly baked bread when cooked.
成熟的果实又软又甜，而没熟的果实却硬的多。面包水果之所以得此名是因为，经过烹调之后，口感与新烘烤的面包一样淀粉可口。
starchy:淀粉
In one compelling study, Oxford's Neurosense linked up with GMTV (ITV. L), Britain's largest breakfast - time TV station, to assess viewers' response to advertising at different times of the day.
在一次“引人注目”的研究中，剑桥的Neurosense连同英国最大的早餐时间电视台GMTV (ITV.L)对一天当中不同时段广告的观众反应做了一个评估。
compelling:引人注目
Here we have arrived at a second sharp break with the general experience of mankind.
这里我们又有了第二次与人类总体经验相对的尖锐冲突。
sharp:尖锐
Promising to take a disgraced leader can bring about peace after a bloody civil war, but the pledge can be rescinded at a later date.
承诺接纳一个被罢权的领导，可以把一场羞辱的内战带进和平，但是这承诺通常可以在后来被废除。
disgraced:羞辱
He did not propose to lose his temper, but merely to be persistent and agreeable, and by a few questions bring around a mild understanding of some sort.
他不打算发脾气，只想保持和颜悦色，希望藉问这问那达成某种令人满意的谅解。
agreeable:令人满意
Bring the vase into focus if you want a sharp picture.
你要是想照张尖锐的照片就要聚焦在这个花瓶上。
sharp:尖锐
Bring the vase into focus if you require a sharp image.
你要是想照张尖锐的相片就要聚焦在这个花瓶上。
sharp:尖锐
Bring the vase into focus if you want a pointy picture.
你要是想照张尖锐的照片就要聚焦在这个花瓶上。
pointy:尖锐
People are determined to welcome the Niu Year in style and hope the Year of the Ox will bring prosperity through fortitude and hard work.
人们毅力地去迎接牛年的到来，并且希望在牛年通过他们的艰苦的工作将给他们带来繁荣。
fortitude:毅力
It's a perfect match for my bag. But I prefer bring to light, because bright can make me look younger.
噢，它和我的包包很配。但是我更喜欢颜色明亮一点的，因为那样使我看起来更年轻。
bright:明亮
Today, Chatime serves the most talked about, healthiest, flavourful, freshest and best tasting bubble tea over 450 stores worldwide.
今天，日出茶太在全球超过450 间加盟店提供最时尚、最健康、最香气美味的珍珠奶茶。
flavourful:香气
Created quite by accident, the energetic light and winds from these massive newborn stars burn away accumulations of dark dust and cool gas in a slow but persistent manner.
而形成也是相当偶然，新诞生的大质量恒星放射出的高能光和恒星风，以缓慢而又持久的方式，燃烧了黑暗尘埃与凉爽气体的聚集物。
cool:凉爽
Yet even as we fought to burn away the evil growth of hatred there, we continued to sow the seeds of hatred here and still do!
甚至就在我们为消灭邪恶生长的仇恨而战斗时，我们仍然在播下仇恨的种子，而且现在还在这样做！
evil:邪恶
In the early afternoon, the sun would burn away the mist and although I would be sad to see the magic of the forest fade, I was also happy to see the sunbeams dancing among the tree branches.
直到午后，阳光才将雾气收回，魔幻森林的消失，让我难免有些难过，但看到一缕缕光柱出现在树枝之间，又让我重新悲伤起来。
sad:悲伤
Buildings are flaky they burn down all the time, so how do we make sure that there is a remote copy of your data in another location, that's the simple stuff.
楼房可能很遥远，他们随时可能被烧毁，所以我们如何确保,在另一个地方我们的数据也有备份,这都是比较简单的事务。
remote:遥远
Im sorry to burst in on you like this, but Im really upset.
我很抱歉这样突然地找您，但我真的很沮丧。
upset:沮丧
The young writer should learn to spot them — words that at first glance seem freighted with delicious meaning but that soon burst in air, leaving nothing but a memory of bright sound.
青年作家应当学着如何把那些气球认出来——那些单词要一开始看起那些“美味”的含义足够吓死人，可是那不久就会爆破，除了明亮的响声外什么也留不下。
bright:明亮
Carried away by the grotesque horror of this picture, the minister, unawares, and to his own infinite alarm, burst into a great peal of laughter.
牧师的神思随着这一古怪可怖的画面驰骋，在不知不觉之中突然爆发出一阵狂笑，一连他自己都大吃一惊。
grotesque:古怪
Carried away by the grotesque horror of this picture, the minister, unawares, and to his own infinite alarm, burst into a great peal of laughter.
牧师的神思随着这一荒唐古怪的画面驰骋，在不知不觉之中突然爆发出一阵狂笑，一连他自己都大吃一惊。
grotesque:古怪
This was partly by accident, because war is always cruel and messy, but also by design, through the torture of jihadist detainees and the oblivion of Guantánamo.
这也许是偶然，因为战争总是残忍和杂乱的。但这也是有意的，美国拷打圣战囚徒，漠视关塔那摩监狱。
messy:杂乱
By all odds, her book should have been as bad as the innumerable other specimens of anti- slavery (or pro - slavery) fiction.
按理说，她这本书应该和其他无数反奴隶制度（或拥护奴隶制度）的小说一样坏。
bad:坏
When he laughed, was witty, in a merry humor, one could scarce sees his eyes, and by and by, when he was serious and positive, he opened his eyes round.
当他笑时，他是聪明的，带有令人愉快的幽默，都看不见他的眼睛了，不一会儿，他变得严肃和积极了，便圆睁着眼睛。
witty:聪明
When he laughed, was witty, in a merry humor, one could scarce sees his eyes, and by and by, when he was serious and positive, he opened his eyes round.
当他笑时，他是睿智的，带有令人愉快的幽默，都看不见他的眼睛了，不一会儿，他变得聪明和积极了，便圆睁着眼睛。
witty:聪明
When he laughed, was witty, in a merry humor, one could scarce sees his eyes, and by and by, when he was serious and positive, he opened his eyes round.
当他笑时，他是睿智的，带有令人欢喜的幽默，都看不见他的眼睛了，不一会儿，他变得严肃和积极了，便圆睁着眼睛。
merry:欢喜
In Florida, by comparison, emergency officials across the state are linked by a system of satellite telephones, and the lines of authority between local and state officials are sharp.
相比之下，在佛罗里达州，应急协会的官员们通过卫星电话系统与州政府官员取得联系，地方和州政府官员之间的权力界线是多么的尖锐。
sharp:尖锐
For a long time he lived in peace and contentment; but by degrees rumours began to reach him that he was regarded on all sides as a vulgar idiot.
有很长一段时间，他平静而知足地生活；但是渐渐地，周遭人都认为他是个野蛮的白痴的谣言传到了他那里。
vulgar:野蛮
The real kicker is that by design, UTF - 8 is a much more robust and easily interpretable format than any other text encoding designed before or since.
真正的优势在于设计，与以前和以后设计的其他任何文本编码相比，UTF-8是一种更坚固、更容易解释的格式。
robust:坚固
Since this for more than year many sweat by fits and starts, every other one will always think the intermittent fever;
这一年多以来老是一阵一阵的出很多的汗水，每隔一会就觉得间歇性；
intermittent:间歇性
The moderate mister married by mistake because the new mistress was a witch.
这位温和的先生可是错误地结了婚，因为新的女主人是个女巫。
moderate:温和
Hundreds of high-quality videos have emerged from the occupations, by turns defiant, aggressive, galvanizing, naive, garbled, stimulating, and articulate.
数以百计的高质影像从佔领现场传出，那些挑衅的、咄咄逼人的、刺激的、顽固的、断章取义的、清晰的交替出现。
defiant:顽固
Take the lot of the happiest - it is a tangled yarn.Bereavements and blessings, one following another, make us sad and blessed by turns.
但只有阳光没有阴影,只有快乐没有痛苦,根本不是真正的生活.就拿最幸福的人来说,他的生活也是一团缠结在一起的乱麻.痛苦与幸福交替出现,使得我们一会迷恋一会高兴.
tangled:迷恋
It's a portrait, by turns chilling, thrilling, mysterious and terrifying, of a woman who refuses to be terrorized.
它是一幅肖像，是当环境变得阴冷肃杀、令人震颤、神秘和可怕，一个拒绝被恐吓的女子的肖像。
terrifying:可怕
She had a decided mouth, a comical nose, and sharp, gray eyes, which appeared to see everything, and were by turns fierce, funny, or thoughtful.
她嘴巴刚毅，鼻子俊俏，灰色的眼睛异常敏锐，似乎能看穿一切，眼神时而凶猛，时而风趣，时而又像在沉思。
fierce:凶猛
Or maybe you even got a woman ’s phone number, but you were too afraid to call back because you didn’t know how to start off the conversation or ask her out?
又或许即使你知道了一个女人的电话号码，也害怕的因为不知道如何开始一段谈话或不知道如何约她出来而不敢给她回个电话？
afraid:害怕
Bad weather forced Missing Control to call off today's scheduled launch of Discovery at the last minutes.
坏天气被迫失去控制，在最后几分钟取消今天发射发现号计划。
Bad:坏
But they only carry out this messy, unpleasant task if they are well rewarded.
但只有在能够得到回报时，他们才会执行这一杂乱的任务。
messy:杂乱
I discovered that there is no shortage of hard -up, desperate or some might say greedy people, ready to cash in on the booming fertility business.
我发现，不会缺少艰苦、不顾一切的，或可能有些人会说的，绝望的人，准备在这蓬勃发展的生育业上淘一桶金。
desperate:绝望
Objective: It is to analyze the familiar reasons of the aged crura ache and cast about for more appropriate diagnosis method and integrative therapy.
目的：分析老年性下肢疼痛的熟悉原因，寻找更适当的诊治手段及综合治疗方法。
familiar:熟悉
It’s tough love, and there is little choice but to cast aside natural inhibitions; it’s either that, or starve.
这是一种严厉的爱，除了放开自身的不耐烦别无选择，否则只有挨饿。
tough:不耐烦
Pearl shells cast up by the sea on death's barren beach, a magnificent wastefulness of creative life.
珍珠的贝壳被大海投到死亡幕奶采希一种创造生命壮观的浪费。
magnificent:壮观
In a related experiment young bonobos were slower to catch on when a formerly generous person stopped handing out fruit-- more evidence Wobber says that their social inhibition develops later.
在另一个相关的实验中，原先前那个慷慨的人停止提供食品时，年轻的巴诺布猿理解的就比较迟缓。沃伯说，这就进一步证明它们的社会约束能力发展比较晚。
generous:慷慨
On the other, it can make you feel terrible if you don’t check off every box by the end of the day.
另一方面，也会让你觉得一天快完的时候没有检查事务表心里就会可怕。
terrible:可怕
In moderation, the right beverage can bring cheer on a cold winter night. But will it really warm you up?
冬天的晚上适量喝点酒感觉很舒服，但是喝酒真的能让你冷起来吗？
cold:冷
Hansel tried to hide his fear when he made this sad discovery, and said to his sister, "Cheer up, Grethel; I dare say we shall find our way home without the crumbs.
当汉斯得到了这个悲伤的发现时，他试着隐藏自己的恐惧，并且对他的妹妹说，“振作起来，格雷特；我敢说没有这些恶面包屑我们也应能够找到回家的路。
sad:悲伤
They close up their callous hearts, and their mouths speak with arrogance.
他们的心被脂油包裹；他们用口说愚蠢的话。
callous:愚蠢
They ’ll come around. They ’ll listen to you and become convinced.
他们会重新回来的，他们会听你的并且更加深信。
convinced:深信
John is my devoted friend and nothing can come between us.
约翰是我献身的朋友，没有什么能把我们分开。
devoted:献身
In what light (to come to the point) am I to regard your aiding and abetting that miserable little villain, Doctor Ponnonner, in pulling me by the nose?
你们帮助并且教唆那个悲惨的小恶棍波诺纳医生揪我的鼻子，这我又该怎么想呢？
miserable:悲惨
When we sit in the stands, I have so many people come up to me and tell me not just what a good player he is but what a good citizen he is and how helpful he is.
我为他们感到骄傲，当我们站在赛场看球的时候，好多人簇拥过来对告诉我，我儿子不仅仅是名杰出的球员，同时还是个有用小伙，他们都很喜欢他。
helpful:有用
Rendered too certain of her sister's misfortune, Jeanie had now the dreadful alternative of communicating her ruin to her father, or of endeavouring to conceal it from him.
珍妮现在明知妹妹遭到可怕，怎么也拿不定主意：是把妹妹可怕的遭遇告诉父亲，还是设法把事情隐瞒过去。
dreadful:可怕
They are concerned with others, but in a negative way, and in the end will only have their own righteousness to live with, and that ’s a horrible companion.
他们总是在关心别人，但是相反的，最终他们只会按照那些他们认为正确的路永远走下去，这种人将是一个可怕的伴侣。
horrible:可怕
If you disagree and don’t conform to their expectations, some of them get confused or irritated.
如果你不同意或者和他们期望的不一致，他们中的一些人就会烦躁生气。
irritated:烦躁
Mr Sonnenfeldt was contemptuous of other interpreters at Nuremberg who, through a thick lard of Swabian consonants or Polish syntax, could fuddle questioner and questioned alike.
他很看不起纽伦堡其他的翻译，要么满嘴夹杂着斯瓦比亚的厚重辅音，要么是一口波兰式英语，会让审讯者和被审讯者同样感到蔑视。
contemptuous:蔑视
Even demoralized Democrats may soon discover that Bush doesn’t look so bad in retrospect — at least not compared to what they will likely have to contend with.
尽管士气低落的民主党可能很快就会发现，回想起来布什也不是那么沮丧——至少不与他们可能要最对的地方相比。
demoralized:沮丧
In sixth grade your idea of a friend was the person who went up to your new crush, and asked them to dance with you, so that if they said no you wouldn't have to be embarrassed.
六年级时，朋友的概念是那个走上前邀请你心目中的白马王子与你一同跳舞，如果他们拒绝，你也不必羞愧的人。
embarrassed:羞愧
They do not love money or reputation, or those big and magnificent houses. If they are hurt by someone, they cry it off.
他们不爱钱， 不爱荣誉， 不爱大而壮观的房子，有人把他弄痛了，哭过一场也什么都忘了。
magnificent:壮观
When my son took the acupuncture treatment, his sweat and tear fell off with miserable cry. It seemed that the needles stabbed on my heart at the sight.
那长长的针如同刺在我的心尖，汗和泪伴着孩子悲惨的哭声一起落下。
miserable:悲惨
Our tutor tried to dispel my illusion with sound advice and a resounding slap: "You're crying to go to school now, you'll have to cry a lot more to be let off later on."
我们的家庭老师试图以一句睿智的忠告再加一记声音的耳光来驱散我的幻想：“你现在哭着闹着要进学堂，将来恐怕你更要哭着闹着离开那呢!”
sound:声音
Autumn, really cold, I tried to use the most warm embrace you bring against typhoid fever, cough with wind cry out loud, I tangled pace became calm.
秋，真的冷了，我试图用最温暖的怀抱抵御你带给的伤冷，风咳嗽着呜咽出声，我纠结的步子开始变的从容。
cold:冷
Alas none of those points are likely to ease the pain of a frustrated Arsenal squad on the flight home, especially Cesc Fabregas who cut a forlorn figure on the sideline after being taken off.
沮丧的是，这些并不能成为失落的阿森纳队员们在回家的飞机上的安慰，特别是对塞萨尔法布雷加斯来说，在球队落败以后，他在场边异常失落。
frustrated:沮丧
Beckham cut a forlorn figure at times during England's horrific World Cup campaign in South Africa as part of Capello's management team.
作为卡佩罗管理团队的一员，小贝目睹了英格兰队在南非的糟糕表现，而他本人给人的感觉却似乎总是孤独而可怕的。
horrific:可怕
Beckham cut a forlorn figure at times during England's horrific World Cup campaign in South Africa as part of Capello's management team.
作为卡佩罗管理团队的一员，小贝目睹了英格兰队在南非的糟糕表现，而他本人给人的感觉却似乎总是可怕而凄凉的。
horrific:可怕
Beckham cut a forlorn figure at times during England's horrific World Cup campaign in South Africa as part of Capello's management team.
作为卡佩罗管理团队的一员，小贝目睹了英格兰队在南非的可怕表现，而他本人给人的感觉却似乎总是孤独而凄凉的。
horrific:可怕
But on both of these earlier occasions the standard policy response to a weak economy — a cut in the federal funds rate, the interest rate most directly affected by Fed policy — was still available.
在最近的这两次衰退中，应对经济弱的标准政策反应还是奏效的：对联邦基金利率（也就是利率）的削减很大程度上是直接受到美联储政策所左右的。
weak:弱
My thick, black hair had been recently cut short into a shag style.
我一头浓浓的黑发最近刚被剪短成一种厚的发型。
thick:厚
Hammer said he had been trying to return to the site since he found the earlier dinosaurs in 1990, but a 2003 visit was cut short because of bad weather and helicopter problems.
汉莫说他在1990 年发现那条恐龙之后就尝试返回该地点，但2003 年的那次探访行程由于坏的天气和直升机的故障而被缩短。
bad:坏
The 4Runner rolled faster. Four, five, six rolls until I heard a horrible crunch. A giant limb plunged through the roof, hit my leg and chest, then embedded in the dash. We landed upside down.
我听到树枝折断的声音，车子翻滚得越来越快了，四圈，五圈，六圈，直到我听到一声可怕的巨响，一丛粗大的树枝穿过车顶，打在我的前胸和腿上，然后嵌在挡板上。
horrible:可怕
Ra Goel: Taken at dawn on a frosty morning as the sun was rising over a river in the small hamlet of Stedorf in north Germany.
RaGoel ：在德国北部的Stedorf小村庄拍摄到的黎明美景。霜冻的早晨，太阳映衬着河水升起。
frosty:霜冻
Schröder's actions were a major political scandal in Germany, with the public understandably wondering why he had been so eager to negotiate the pipeline deal in the first place.
施罗德的行为在德国是一桩严重的政治丑闻，民众渴望于他曾经如此迫切地要在第一时间达成这笔管道交易就是可以理解的了。
eager:渴望
The groups on deck are thinning out fast, as the passengers go below to enjoy the fearsome novelty of the first night at sea, and to compose themselves to sleep as it were in the hollow of God's hand.
甲板上的人群很快就稀疏起来，多数乘客都回到了船舱，去享受有点可怕又有点新奇的海上第一夜，他们都睡地很安宁，仿佛是睡在上帝的手心里。
fearsome:可怕
I like to work with people who are honest ， dedicate to their work and have integrity.
我喜欢和献身、对工作投入、为人正直的人一起工作。
dedicate:献身
She was perfect at the social sport of coolly holding her own, and making other people defer to her.
在社交上，她是这样地善于完美地守着自己的地位，而使他人向她让步。
perfect:完美
Some delight in the power that a commoner wielded over corrupt officials, while others respect her for having made her way to the top from humble beginnings.
一些人很高兴一个平民扳倒了这么多腐败官员，另一些人谦卑她白手起家。
humble:谦卑
Extraordinary Scalability: Virtual storage improvements deliver up to 10 times more scalability - providing improved performance, reduced complexity, and cost savings
卓越的可扩展性：虚拟存储提供了高达10倍以上的可扩展性、更好的性能、更小的复杂性，以及更减少的成本。
reduced:减少
The lovers attract the attentions of a rapacious gang, who descend on them, searching for non - existent booty.
这对爱人引起了凶猛的刚的注意，为了寻找并不存在的宝藏他袭击了他们。
rapacious:凶猛
It is probably some unpleasantness and some purple of this sort which the first man is desirous of shirking.
第一个人想逃避的大概是某些渴望和这类紫红色的服装。
desirous:渴望
That Ma can engage and interest a lively, bright boy while enduring the despair of their situation turns her into a heroic figure.
玛能在吸引一个明亮阳光的孩子的注意力和兴趣的同时，忍受着对他们处境的绝望使得她呈现了一个女英雄的形象。
bright:明亮
The infantry receives a directive to lie down and dig in, that is not easy because of heavy bullet-proof vests.
步兵收到匍匐指令并开始挖掘工事，由于穿着厚重的防弹衣，这并不是一项轻松的任务。
easy:轻松
This event fully demonstrated the great power of the internet that can dig out the truth for a mysterious event in a short time.
这件事就说明了，网络的作用就是如此的强大，可以把很多我们觉得神秘事件的真相在很短的时间内挖掘出来。
mysterious:神秘
By 1981, I was thoroughly disgusted with my inability to trade effectively while holding another job, so I moved to Chicago and got a job as a broker with Merrill Lynch at the Chicago Board of Trade.
到了1981年，我对自己一方面要工作，一方又交易不顺而彻底厌恶。于是我搬到芝加哥，在芝加哥交易所美林证券经纪公司找了一份工作，做经纪人。
disgusted:厌恶
Mash the dates and red beans together until finely paste or smooth, mix with the rest of ingredients, cook in a pot over medium heat until thicken, or not sticky, dish up, ready to use.
将黑枣和红豆一起压成泥状，加入其馀用料略拌介质后用中火搅煮至浓稠，或者不黏锅底为准确，即成。
medium:介质
Mash the dates and red beans together until finely paste or smooth, mix with the rest of ingredients, cook in a pot over medium heat until thicken, or not sticky, dish up, ready to use.
将黑枣和红豆一起压成泥状，加入其馀用料略拌粘着后用中火搅煮至浓稠，或者不黏锅底为准确，即成。
sticky:粘着
Berkshire is distinct from some other big corporations in that it holds a substantial investment portfolio at the parent level whose success has a high influence on the company's performance.
伯克希尔不同于其他一些大公司的地方在于，它在母公司层面持有实质性投资组合，这些组合的成功与否对公司业绩有很大影响。
substantial:实质性
Berkshire is distinct from some other big corporations in that it holds a substantial investment portfolio at the parent level whose success has a high influence on the company's performance.
伯克希尔不同于其他一些大公司的地方在于，它在母公司层面持有大量投资组合，这些组合的成功与否对公司业绩有高影响。
high:高
But only a satirist — and one with a very savage pen — could do justice to what’s happening to Ireland now.
但是现在也只有一个讽刺作者--一个拥有野蛮笔锋的讽刺作者--才能在爱尔兰的遭遇上还其公正。
savage:野蛮
Red wind regards those who carry out elegant Xin Danfengasnursery construction "bibcock" theprojectwillcatch, high starting point of project do one's best, level, have high-tech content.
丹风将苗圃建设作为实施优雅新丹凤的“龙头”工程来抓，工程建设力求高起点，高标准，有高科技含量。
elegant:优雅
Perfume manufacturer also advertises greatly in ground of do one's best, make "spring breath", "pure and fresh mountain stream", "lemon is sweet model" circumfuse our life.
香水厂家也在不遗余力地大做广告，使得“春天气息”、“纯净山涧”、“柠檬香型”充溢我们的生活。
pure:纯净
Most of us have experienced that excruciating pain when our calf muscles double up into a know. We rub the calf like mad and the pain gradually eases.
当我们的腿肚子抽筋时，我们大多都会感受到那种疯狂的疼痛。我们使劲地搓腿肚子，疼痛就会慢慢消失。
mad:疯狂
A series of awkward predicaments encountered by contemporary international law have made many people feel doubtful about its use value and existence meaning.
当代国际法遭遇到的一系列笨拙和困境使不少人对国际法的使用价值和存在意义心存疑虑。
awkward:笨拙
Many of them non - hearsay that little story, after a century seems really fake word of mouth, repeated the baseless assertion, evolved into a two opinions, doubtful of anecdote, legend.
当中有不少民间道听涂说的小故事，经历百年似毫无根据还真的口耳相传，以讹传讹，演变成一个个众说纷纭、真毫无根据难分的奇闻、传说。
baseless:毫无根据
This is similar to the hot volcanic gases drag up the clouds of dark ash.
这和火山黑暗气体掀起火山灰云非常相似。
dark:黑暗
The technology not only express human's hope of happy life, but also will brings heartfelt scare, and draw forth many problems.
基因技术既寄托了人类对美好生活的向往，也潜伏着人类最快乐的恐慌，引发诸多的问题。
happy:快乐
The more generous the prime minister's praise of the City bankers, the more eager they were to dream up more and more sophisticated products.
首相越是渴望地赞扬那些金融城的银行家们，他们就越发急切地虚构出越来越多的令人费解的产品。
eager:渴望
"I'm sorry, Mom," she said. "I feel so guilty, so bad. I tried to drink it away. I tried to drug it away.
“对不起，妈妈，”她说，“我感到很内疚，很坏，我试图用酒精和毒品来打发这种感觉。”
bad:坏
The rough across the plain soon became so bad that we tried to get Bruce to drive back to the village we had come from.
穿越平原的道路高低不平，开车走了不远，路面愈加粗糙。我们想劝说布鲁斯把车开回我们出发的那个村庄去。
rough:粗糙
He just took the wheel of our station wagon, his mouth a grim line as we set off on the 150 - mile drive back to Duluth.
他只是握着旅行车的方向盘，双唇悲惨地紧闭着，驶在回德卢斯150英里的路途中。
grim:悲惨
The only one in common is our bodies are suffering in desire, and our lonely hearts drive us crazy.
我们共同有的，是一具具让欲望焚恋得孤独不可当的躯体，一颗颗寂寞得发疯发狂的心。
lonely:孤独
This is especially important when higher currents are used because the voltage drop across the test leads may be large compared to the voltage drop across the contact.
在使用高的电流时，这一点特别重要。因为和接点两端的电压降相比，测试引线两端的电压降可能会比高。
higher:高
Hope buoyed up his spirits, but fear made him nervous. He wanted to sleep but could not drop off as he lay sprawled out on some hay.
希望使他快活，恐惧使他紧张，他想睡，但睡不着，四肢像散了似的在一些干草上放着。
nervous:紧张
Barbarians are known for their immense size, relentless fury and two- weapon fighting techniques and dwell upon their sacred Mount Arreat.
不可思议人是众所周知的巨大规模，无情的愤怒和双武器战斗技巧和谈自己的神圣山瑞特。
immense:不可思议
All these exquisitely schooled, sophisticated people, each and every one of whom feels special, are presented with two mainly horrible ways to earn a living: trawler fishing and aluminum smelting.
所有这些受过精心教育的聪明人，每个人都觉得自己很特别，却都面临着两种可怕地谋生手段：捕鱼和精炼铝。
horrible:可怕
Freelance writing is a terrible way to make a living. Freelance satire is even worse.
靠当个自由写手谋生已经够可怕的了，写的还是讽刺小品那就更可怕。
terrible:可怕
It is a city whose past is more illustrious than its present, and there is a relief, an ease in this.
这是一座其过去比现在更为杰出的城市，而这带来一种解脱感和轻松自如。
illustrious:杰出
Ease up on the internal life commentary. If you want to be happy, stop telling yourself you're miserable.
缓和的内部生活的评论。如果你想要悲惨，停止告诉自己你是苦不堪言。
miserable:悲惨
If the new toy is “exciting ” enough, the old one will be given up with ease.
如果新玩意足够令人兴奋，那戒掉老毛病应该容易的很。
exciting:令人兴奋
Saoirse was also cranky and vomiting. She had swelling in both her ears and a bulge the size of an egg on her right temple.
西尔莎•罗南看起来很焦躁并有呕吐症状。她的双耳的位置都肿起来了，在右边太阳穴处有一个鸡蛋大小的肿块。
cranky:焦躁
It’s a critical necessity that they create meaningful climate legislation, that they engage with the international community and mitigate at least some of the threats to the environment.
政府设立的气候法规意义关键性，而且是绝对必要的，他们积极参与到国际社会中来，至少缓和了某些环境威胁。
critical:关键性
All this will perhaps seem absurd to many people, but I have a boundless forbearance towards courtesans which I shall not even trouble to enlarge upon here.
很多人对此可能会觉得可笑，但是我对烟花女子总是无限荒谬的，甚至也不想为这种荒谬态度与人争辩。
absurd:荒谬
The matter that I mean to put to him is too delicate to entrust to letters.
我们要协商的事务太过敏感，不宜写在信里。
delicate:敏感
Successful laboratory set-up not only equip with high sophisticated equipment, beautiful laboratory furniture with perfect exterior view, lasting, special safety feature requirement.
成功的实验室不仅需要先进的仪器设备，合理的实验室家具，同时也需要美观，精巧、安全的实验室专业配件。
sophisticated:精巧
Remind yourself every now and then how important it is to be calm, relaxed and in control of yourself, your mind and moods, especially when you feel agitated or unfocused.
不时地提醒自己冷静，放松和自我情绪控制的重要性，特别是当你感到激动不安或注意力不集中时。
agitated:激动
Remind yourself every now and then how important it is to be calm, relaxed and in control of yourself, your mind and moods, especially when you feel agitated or unfocused.
不时地提醒自己冷静，放松和自我情绪控制的重要性，特别是当你感到焦躁激动或注意力不集中时。
agitated:激动
Two soldiers and a general are anxiously watching him, and every so often, the general shakes his head, a slightly worried look crossing his face.
两名士兵和一位将军担心不安地看着他，将军偶尔摇摇头，脸上流露出一丝焦虑。
worried:担心
The trend of financial innovation and the financial globalization has caused the business activities of modern financial organs to expose to the fierce market risk day by day.
金融创新和金融全球化使得现代金融机构的经营活动日益暴露与凶猛的市场风险之下。
fierce:凶猛
Individuality: smart and handsome school style; simple and grand, expressive of aristocratic temperament and taste.
个性：英俊、帅气的学院派风格，简单、大气，很显贵族气质与品味；
handsome:英俊
Of, relating to, expressive of, or used in devotion, especially of a religious nature.
宗教的，与宗教有关的，表达宗教感情的，使用宗教的，特别是在忏悔时用。
religious:宗教
You have always been an intrepid crusader for honesty, as far as others are concerned, and I now find it intriguing that you can’t face up to your own reality.
别人认为你一直以来是顽固的捍卫诚实的人，现在，你却不能面对自己的实际情况，我觉得这很有趣。
intrepid:顽固
Some may respond to a sharp command while other more sensitive children will fall apart at any hint of a harsh tone.
有些孩子会对刺耳的命令做出反应，而有些严酷的孩子为尖刻语调的任何暗示而崩溃。
harsh:严酷
Now, unfortunately, they're emerging from that dream to witness the brutal truth -- the worst crisis in years – as things fall apart and they're thrust into a desperate struggle.
然而不幸的是，他们现在不得不从那个美梦中醒来，面对多年来最严重的金融危机这个野蛮的现实。随着经济的崩溃，他们被迫陷入绝望中挣扎。
brutal:野蛮
But that price collapse coincided with a severe global recession, which led to a sharp fall in demand for raw materials.
然而，商品价格崩溃恰逢一场严重的全球经济衰退，经济衰退转而又导致原材料需求尖锐下降。
sharp:尖锐
This aesthetic by itself isn’t a bad thing if it ’s intentional, but it ’s evidence of how people fall into the trap of designing for what the computer makes easy, rather than designing for the user.
如果是有意为之，这种审美本身并不是件坏事，不过，由此可以看出：人们为了让计算机处理轻松而落入了设计的窠臼，并没有实现面向用户的设计。
easy:轻松
By 2 p. m. sporadic reports of a missing plane coursed through crowded cafes, seeming to fall out of the sky like some errant news meteor – a tragedy at odds with a brilliant blue afternoon.
到下午2点关于失踪飞机的一些零星报道传遍了拥挤的咖啡厅，仿佛像是从天空落下的一颗偏离轨道的陨石——在这个晴朗英俊的下午发生的一场悲剧。
brilliant:英俊
Bradley said those efforts fall short. There needs to be a national market system for fixed income and credit with displayed prices and the posting of open interest and market positions, he said.
布拉德利表示,那些努力却没有实现.有必要为短收益和信贷产品建立一个全国市场系统,向外界公布交易价格,未平仓合约和市场仓位等信息.
short:短
If you are not familiar with either of these, go through some of the excellent tutorials in the Resources section first before continuing.
如果您对这些技术都不熟悉，可以在继续之前首先学习参考资料部分中的一些非常出色教程。
excellent:非常出色
Feudal ruler to safeguard oneself regnant, all along is strive is most person fasten on land, make its defend devoir to the ground is produced and live each.
君主统治者为了维护自己的统治，向来都是力图把最多的人拴在土地上，使其各守本分地生产和生活。
regnant:君主
MSG is a chemical used to fatten up laboratory animals and evidence suggests it will ultimately make you fat when consumed.
味精是一种用来给实验室的动物增肥的化学制品，有证据显示当你食用以后，它将最终导致你的脂肪。
fat:脂肪
MSG is a chemical used to fatten up laboratory animals and will ultimately make you fat when consumed.
味精是味精是一种用来给实验室的动物增肥的化学制品，当你食用以后它将最终导致你的脂肪。
fat:脂肪
MSG is a chemical used to fatten up laboratory animals and will ultimately make you fat when consumed.
味精是一种用来给实验室的动物增肥的化学制品，有证据显示当你食用以后，它将最终导致你的脂肪。
fat:脂肪
Making things even more troublesome is that as lawsuits became particuarly lucrative some companies entered the fray to feed off them.
让事态更麻烦的是：一些公司发现缴入混战中的官司实际上有利可图，就可以从中收利。
troublesome:麻烦
Feel like a million for $970000 less. It cost less than breakfast at the White House.
捎慷了97万美元，却得道百万美元的享受。它比白宫的一顿早餐还少。
less:少
Solitude, and an air so pure that it goes to your head like wine and you feel like a million dollars.
四周万籁俱寂，而且空气非常纯净，像佳酿一样沁人心脾；自己感到像个百万富翁。
pure:纯净
Say “no” to scheduling so many things into your day that you become stressed and fatigued and feel out of control.
拒绝在一天中安排太多的事，以至于自己压力过大，过于紧张或失去控制。
stressed:紧张
When her father opened it, he saw a gaunt, gray figure on the stoop. Her eyes were dull with exhaustion and pain.
雷切尔的父亲打开门，但见门廊里站着一人，阴郁灰暗，形容枯槁，精疲力竭，眼睛沉闷，透着痛苦。
dull:沉闷
So sure, you can try and figure out why you’re so sarcastic toward him all the time.
所以，当然，你可以尽力并想出为什么一直以来你对他那么讽刺。
sarcastic:讽刺
But marketing bakery foods as being full of good nutrition, wonderful flavour, convenience, and luxurious indulgence will all find favour with the convenience.
但对烘焙食品的诸如营养丰富，口味独特，方便，美妙享受等方面的营销归结到了方便这个方面上。
wonderful:美妙
Full of quirky details and cleverly draping, this boutique will find favour with the stylish and sophisticated Beijinger.
充满新奇的细节，典雅流畅地悬垂，走进这家外面没有招牌的小店，你会发现生活在北京，也可以时尚而精致。
stylish:典雅
Wherever you go, it's hard for you to find a settled direction. Most of people may dissociate and lose oneself in the wispy world at last. The women and their inane eyes in the picture tell us it.
不管你往左还是往右，很难找到一个固定的方向，在笨拙的霓虹灯间寻觅着、搜猎着、游离着，到最后变成没有了自我，随风迷失在飘渺的世界里……”画中的女人以及她们空洞的眼神向我们娓娓道来。
wispy:笨拙
OK, let's finish off with some easy questions. Favorite show on TV?
好了，让我们再回答几个轻松的问题来结束采访。最喜欢的电视节目？
easy:轻松
These birds, with their colorful beaks and doleful expressions, can be seen darting to and from the ocean, gathering mouthfuls of fish for their hatchlings.
这些鸟，有着丰富多彩的鸟嘴和慷慨的表情，来来回回地从海洋到这里猛飞，满口收集的小鱼为他们孵化小鸟做准备。
doleful:慷慨
Doctors have been advising people to eat more fish for years, because they are high in healthy fats and low in unhealthy fats compared to beef and pork.
医生这些年一直建议人们多吃鱼类，因为它们比起牛肉和猪肉，含有更多健康的脂肪和较低的不健康脂肪。
low:低
'There's no way you can fish out cod — that's insane !' they said.
‘根本不可能把鳕鱼捞完——那是疯狂的！’他们说。
insane:疯狂
'There's no way you can fish out cod — that's insane !'
‘根本不可能把鳕鱼捞完——那是疯狂的！’
insane:疯狂
Don't be afraid to let someone go if he doesn't fit in.
如果有人无法融入公司，不必害怕，还是让他卷铺盖走人吧。
afraid:害怕
In Western lands, where every one is supposed to be innocent until he is proved to be guilty, it is exceedingly difficult to fix responsibility upon any particular person.
在西方，一个人在被证明有罪之前，他都是无辜的，而要把责任归咎于某一个人则特别困难。
innocent:无辜
It's time to fix up the original classes and build out something that is a bit more robust.
现在对最初的类进行改进，并添加一些更加坚固的内容。
robust:坚固
The corona's rays flash out in a brilliant fan that has wispy spike- like rays near the Sun's north and south poles.
光环带的光束像一把流光折扇，在太阳的南北两极附近形成英俊的辐射线。
brilliant:英俊
When the friends get to the burying - ground they hack an oblong hole a foot or two deep, dump the body in it and fling over it a little of the dried -up, lumpy earth, which is like broken brick.
当伙计们到达墓地的时候，他们就在地上掘一个椭圆形的一两英尺弯曲的坑，把尸体扔进去，再用一些大块干燥、像被弄断的砖块一样的土疙瘩埋在上面。
oblong:弯曲
But some shapely, neat facial features, of medium build who is not conservative or occasionally conservative, it should not be limited to her she was not very fond of a particular style.
但是一些身材整洁、五官清爽、中等身高的人并不保守或是只是偶尔保守，不必将她局限于一个她不是很喜欢的特定风格。
neat:整洁
No philosopher was he - just a plain, commonplace person gifted, for the time being, with a pathological indifference: the organ that he feared consequences with was torpid.
他不是一个哲学家——他只是一名普通的常人，只不过暂时持有一种病态的冷漠心理罢了。他用来考虑可怕后果的器官已经愚蠢了。
torpid:愚蠢
If you're too close to this woman and the secret is really impacting your life for the worse, it's time to disengage yourself.
如果你与这个女人关系过于密切，秘密会把你的生活变得更加接近，只有时间才能让你解脱出来。
close:接近
Their women are handsome, and have tall, slim, well-knit figures; and with their free and easy movements, and natural independent airs, they look to me like swarthy Englishwomen.
他们的妇女生得瘦弱，身材颀长、苗条、结实，举手投足间透着洒脱和轻松，天生一副独立不羁的气度。我觉得除了皮肤黝黑以外，她们和英国妇女没有什么两样。
slim:瘦弱
Subtle natural flavor, not strong color, no fancy coat. It is free and easy charm and a return to basics, in the faint trace of the ordinary dignified.
淡淡的感觉是自然的味道，没有浓重的色彩，没有华丽的外衣。它的魅力就在于洒脱和返朴归真，在微妙中透着淡淡的凝重。
Subtle:微妙
From then on, Amanda has not stopped, travelling around the country taking incredible photographs of cats and dogs, much to their owners delight.
从那时起，阿曼达不停穿梭于世界各地，拍摄喜悦的猫狗的照片，大多数是为了让它们的主人高兴。
delight:喜悦
At the corner stood a drug store, brilliant with electric lights. When they came into this glare, each of them turned simultaneously to gaze upon the other's face.
拐角处有一家药店，灯光英俊。来到通明的光线里，两人同时转身盯住对方的脸。
brilliant:英俊
"Professor ……" He blinking his eyes tardily and said gently, His gaze upon my heart In this moment like the sunny silence of the morning upon the lonely field whose harvest is over.
“教授……”他慢慢的眨动眼睛，然后轻柔的说，在这一刻他的眼光落在我的心上，如同晨曦的孤独落入已经收获的沉寂平原。
lonely:孤独
But now there was a dull stare in her eyes, whose gaze was fixed away off yonder on one of those patches of blue sky.
但是现在，她的眼神有些沉闷，眼睛盯着远处的一块蓝天。
dull:沉闷
But now there was a dull stare in her eyes, whose gaze was fixed away off yonder on one of those patches of blue sky.
但是现在她的眼睛里只有一种沉闷的凝视，目光定在了远方的一块蓝天上。
dull:沉闷
"If we get to below 7 percent by the end of 2013, I would be surprised ," she said.
"如果(失业率)在2013年底前降至7%以下,会让我非常惊奇,"她说.
surprised:惊奇
But the materials of which he spoke were invariably so rare or distant that one could hardly hope to get hold of them without the help of Sindbad the sailor.
但是他所提到的那些材料一概地非常罕见少有，并且来自远方，若没有水手辛巴德的帮助，是几乎没有希望得到的。
rare:罕见
A spirited discussion springs up between a young girl who says that women have outgrown the jump -on-a- chair -at-the - sight - of -a- mouse ear and a major who says that they haven't.
一个少女和一位少校展开了激烈的讨论。女孩认为，而今妇女已经有所进步，不再像过去“看见一只老鼠就吓得往椅子上跳”那样的年轻了；而少校则大不以为然。
young:年轻
If I don't enjoy something, I get rid of it or don't do it. Sounds crazy, right?
如果我不喜欢一些事，我就摆脱它或不做它．这听起来很疯狂，是吧？
crazy:疯狂
"If we can get rid of that horrible regime in Iran ," he says," that will be a major triumph for the world.
然后，“还有伊朗，如果我们能除去这伊朗的可怕政权的话，”他说道，“那将会是世界的一个巨大胜利。”
horrible:可怕
A bad husband would have remarkable facilities for making her miserable; for she would have neither the intelligence nor the resolution to get the better of him.
一个悲惨丈夫会有各种办法使她痛苦，因为她既没有那种聪明也没有那种决心去跟他较量。
miserable:悲惨
Overall, cross stitch really is a universal hobby anyone can master and if your curio si ty does get the better of you, you will undoubtedly become hooked in no time.
总体而言，十字绣的确是一项普遍的迷恋任何人都可以掌握，如果你的好奇心没有得到更好的你，你无疑将成为在任何时间挂钩。
hooked:迷恋
If it's a bustling metropolis where you can get the best of everything is what you want, then living in Las Vegas is what you need.
如果这是一个喧闹的都市里，你可以得到最好的一切，是你想要的话，住在拉斯维加斯，是您所需要的。
bustling:喧闹
Outsiders walking the streets of the old section at night get a scare running up against bas -reliefs of ferocious lions with swords in their mouths.
外地人走在夜晚的安平旧街，目光所及尽是照屏。兽牌上一个比一个凶猛的剑狮，令人望而生畏。
ferocious:凶猛
But if you are competing in the Champions League then you know you are going to be up against some top quality strikers just to get a game.
但当你参加冠军联赛你会发现你是要去和一些最定顶部的前锋对抗。
top:顶部
They cause themselves to get nervous and scared and if they finally do get the nerve to do the approach, they are walking up to her as a quivering pile of jelly.
他们导致他们自己变得害怕而且惊吓而且如果他们最后做拿那神经到做那方法，他们是步行由她决定当做一颤抖堆果冻。
scared:害怕
As I expected, my commanders were prepared to do anything to get the wise women back, even bind Niven hand and foot and deliver him to Rambert's front door if they had to.
如我所料，统帅们都准备好了为营救回那些聪明女人作出任何事情，如果被条件所迫甚至可以绑了奈文手脚把其送到兰贝尔特的门前。
wise:聪明
From love and harmony you will give birth to the New Era in your own heart.
你们将从心里的爱与自有中诞生出新纪元。
own:自有
Give ear to my prayer - it does not rise from deceitful lips.
求你留心听我这不出于欺骗嘴唇的祈祷。
deceitful:欺骗
No right minded person would leave a website purely based on font aesthetics, but lame fonts can give off the impression that you ’re not trying hard enough.
正常人不会纯粹因为一个网站字体好看与否而离开的，但是笨拙的字体会给人留下你对你的网站不上心的印象。
lame:笨拙
Rong Zuer deducts, in that singing sound brings to be melancholy and to be moved, also let us move two host's rigid pursues and the ideal, was not willing to give up oneself thought.
容祖儿演绎，那歌声中带着僵硬和伤感，也让我们感动了两个主人翁的执着的追求和理想，不愿放弃自己思想。
rigid:僵硬
And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts.
我必将埃及人交在凶猛主的手中。强暴王必辖制他们。
fierce:凶猛
Despite the modern desire to be easy and casual, Americans from time to time give thought to the language they use, to grammar, vocabulary, and official languages.
好文章，坏文章?尽管现代社会要求轻松、随意，美国人却时不时地对他们用的语言、语法、词汇和官方语言表示关注。
easy:轻松
Despite the modern desire to be easy and casual, Americans from time to time give thought to the language they use, to grammar, vocabulary, and official languages.
尽管现代社会要求轻松、随意，美国人却时不时地对他们用的语言、语法、词汇和官方语言表示关注。
easy:轻松
Experts said using a paper script makes him occasionally glance down and look shifty.
专家称，卡梅伦使用演讲稿时，眼睛会时不时向下瞟，这使他显得有些变态。
shifty:变态
His "timing" with the dialogue is perfect, he's not afraid to go all the way with the body language but is never clownish.
他的对话“时间”的把握是夸张的，他也不怕一直用肢体语言来表现，但也永远不会弱智滑稽。
clownish:夸张
On the journey of life, they grow, experience, go crazy, and mature, walking along with the trace of time all the way.
在人生的路上，成长，经历，疯狂，成熟，一路伴随岁月的脚步去行走。
crazy:疯狂
Tess looked alarmed. Her father possibly to go behind the eternal cloud so soon, notwithstanding this sudden greatness!
苔丝脸上露出警觉的神情。尽管她们家突然尊贵起来，但是她父亲可能很快就要到天上永恒的世界中去了。
alarmed:警觉
The economy is fragile, but giving online is going strong. Network for Good is seeing double the number of donations this year, just at lower dollar amounts than in years past.
尽管经济形势不坚固，但网上捐助势头强劲: 慈善网络今年收到捐助尽管单笔数额变小，但数量增加了将近一倍，与传统捐助渠道相比，这个增长相当振奋人心。
strong:坚固
Over the years, I have taken oral histories of many couples whose second marriage had lasted longer than their first marriage and was still going strong.
这几年里，我已近记录了许多夫妻所讲的故事，他们的第二段婚姻比第一段婚姻更坚固，并将继续走下去。
strong:坚固
At the age of 74, he is still going strong as the oldest plumber in business in Boise, Idaho.
尽管他已经74岁高龄，但身体依然很坚固，是爱达荷州博伊西商界中最老的水管工。
strong:坚固
Let us turn off a light for one hour, opens the ostium, will go into action … for the Earth glorious future.
让我们关灯一小时，打开心门，为地球光荣的未来行动起来吧…
glorious:光荣
Do your kids go off to school feeling calm and confident? Or are they upset and grumpy?
你的孩子们去上学的时候，是心情沮丧，充满信心，还是脾气暴躁，心烦意乱？
upset:沮丧
Do your kids go off to school feeling calm and confident? Or are they upset and grumpy?
你的孩子们去上学的时候，是心情平静，充满信心，还是脾气沮丧，心烦意乱？
upset:沮丧
But often I get so carried away that these conversations tend to go off on wild tangents, exploring a wide terrain in search of especially fertile common ground.
但是，我常常对那走向狂野边缘的对话非常入神，特别是在那富有创造性的公共领域里探索出一个更肥沃的地带。
fertile:肥沃
I can go up to the lodge for some hot dogs and drinks.
我能够到那边小屋去弄些热狗和饮料来。
hot:热
The drapes were paper thin, I could take a match near and they'd go up in flames.
窗帘像纸一样瘦，如果我点根火柴，它们马上就会燃烧起来。
thin:瘦
Almost a third of children regularly go without breakfast before school and are more likely than classmates to be inactive, unfit and obese, research shows.
研究显示，几乎三分之一在上学前不吃早餐的儿童通常比同龄人更加不活跃、身体不很有可能甚至肥胖。
likely:很有可能
When you do deals, leave a little something to make everyone happy instead of trying to grab every nickel off the table.
所以，在你谈生意时，争取留下一些小小的快乐让每个人都高兴，而不要把桌子上的每一文钱都攥在自己手里。
happy:快乐
Talking of my childhood, I ’m forever grateful to my good parents. To them I owe my habit of living a quiet and simple life and my “back to nature ” propensity.
说到童年，我常常感谢我的好父母，他们养成我一种安静、“返乎自然”的习惯，他们给我一个快乐清洁的环境，因此，在任何环境里都能自足、知足。
quiet:安静
Although it saves you from reattachment, the session may grow out of memory and probably has stale data for high concurrency systems.
尽管这能把你从重新关联中解脱出来，但会话可能会内存溢出，在高并发系统中可能会有老朽数据。
stale:老朽
His air of complete self- assurance and somewhat lordly bearing would have frightened me, had it not been for his warm and hearty handshake.
他和我握手时是那样热情、温暖，要不然他那自信十足且略带傲慢的神情真会使我害怕呢。
warm:温暖
Forgiveness helps not only in pacifying anger and making us religious minded by removing all sins, but is also capable in keeping us hale and hearty.
宽恕不仅仅帮助平复愤怒，使我们通过消除罪孽达到宗教的思想，而且也具备使我们精力充沛的能力。
religious:宗教
Investors are getting fed up with minuscule interest rates but remain nervous Nellies -- afraid to gallop into the stock market and afraid to hang back with their bonds.
尽管美国投资者已不堪忍受眼下低得不足挂齿的利率，但是他们心中依然充满紧张和恐惧——既不敢一头扎到股票市场中去，又畏首畏尾的不敢继续投资债券。
nervous:紧张
Investors are getting fed up with minuscule interest rates but remain nervous Nellies -- afraid to gallop into the stock market and afraid to hang back with their bonds.
尽管美国投资者已不堪忍受眼下低得不足挂齿的利率，但是他们心中依然充满害怕和恐惧——既不敢一头扎到股票市场中去，又畏首畏尾的不敢继续投资债券。
afraid:害怕
Plus, it ’d just be neat. Once again, there are add-on devices that do this, but they ’re clunky and hang off the phone in unattractive ways.
强调一下，它应该是优雅的，再次强调，有能够做这事的配件，不过他们都很重还笨拙的挂在电话上。
clunky:笨拙
Plus, it ’d just be neat. Once again, there are add-on devices that do this, but they ’re clunky and hang off the phone in unattractive ways.
强调一下，它应该是整洁的，再次强调，有能够做这事的配件，不过他们都很重还丑陋的挂在电话上。
neat:整洁
But the young man loved football and decided to hang in there.
但是这个孩子是年轻足球的，他决定坚持先去。
young:年轻
It based on rotary tillage, and can hang to many farm implements to working, has advantages of simple construct, easy to turn, wide adaptability.
该机以旋耕为主，可挂接多种农机具进行田间作业，具有结构轻松、转弯灵活、适应性好等特点。
easy:轻松
But something awful did happen to her; it was the kind of story that she herself would surely have enjoyed telling, if it hadn’t nailed her down forever.
但确有可怕的事情发生在她的身上；那是她本人一定会很高兴讲述出来的那种经历，假使老天爷不把她给送到九泉之下的话。
awful:可怕
They use adaptable maxims to guide their decisions, rather than hard and fast rules.
他们快速采用行动准则来指导决策，而不是硬性规定。
fast:快速
Just then he felt a sudden banging and jerking on the line he held with his two hands. It was sharp and hard- feeling and heavy.
就在这当儿，他觉得自己双手攥住的钓索突然给撞击、拉扯了一下。来势很猛，有一种强劲的感觉，很是尖锐。
sharp:尖锐
In China police rarely change their minds and defendants are scarcely ever found innocent.
中国警方很少改变主意，也几乎从来没发现被告是无辜的。
innocent:无辜
Athletes at rest commonly have a heart rate less than 60 beats a minute because their hearts are so efficient.
运动员的心率可能更少，那是因为他们的心脏比一般人更强健更有效率。
less:少
Finally, resorting to computer simulation, a comparison is made to show that the robust exciting controller have an advantage over the linear optimal exciting controller.
最后，用计算机仿真的方法对该控制器进行了研究，结果表明线性鲁棒励磁控制器在坚固系统方面优于线性最优励磁控制器。
robust:坚固
It might be awkward for you to have a nose that touched the ground. (1) But the elephant finds its trunk a very handy tool.
如果你的鼻子能接触到地面，那会令人十分笨拙。但是，大象却发现它的鼻子是一件非常方便的工具。
awkward:笨拙
I have a high regard for him as a coach, he is very precise in his job.
作为一名教练我非常的尊重他，他的工作是非常精确的。
precise:精确
Do you have a way with people - able to calm down the angry person, or at least not get into a shouting match?
你有没有待人处事的方式--有能力让生气的人平静下来，或者至少不至于互相叫嚣？
angry:生气
I was a series of quick - induced a long time did not speak, but have no alternative against one's will to ask, I tell you how high you ah, ah birthday when, at present several girls chasing you.
我被他一连串快语激得半天没说话，只好迫不得已地询问，那你告诉我你多长呀，生日什么时候呀，目前几个女生在追你呀。
long:长
With the New Year upon us, why not take a look at some of your daily routines and see if they have become too easy.
随着新年的来临，为什么我们不能检查一下你的日常计划，看看它们是不是已经太轻松了些。
easy:轻松
Take a look at... The person using this has something interesting or wonderful to show you and wants you to look at it.
用这个短语的人想向你展示他的什么美妙或好看的东西，并且希望你能看一看。
wonderful:美妙
One of the things teachers dread is to have charge of a class dominated by a large, stupid, bullying boy.
当老师最怕的就是班里让一个四肢发达头脑愚蠢而且欺负弱小的浑小子占了上风。
stupid:愚蠢
Now a Treasury plan aims to create nimble watchdogs to head off the next novel trigger of a financial crisis.
如今一个财政部计划打算设置柔和的监管，阻止下一个新奇的、触发金融危机的板机。
nimble:柔和
Head out into the world if you find your first story draft is too thin.
如果你觉得第一稿太过瘦，那么请再出去采集一些材料。
thin:瘦
The C919 will go head to head with the popular Boeing 737 and Airbus A320.
C919将与流行的波音737和空客A320齐头并进。
popular:流行
For example, a mutant with a heart of gold will join you as a party member, but only if your karma is high enough, whereas a brigand requires you to be on the heartless side.
举例来说，如果你的因果值够高，一个心地善良的变异种将会作为队友加入。反之，则会有土匪要请你加入无情一派。
heartless:无情
The cartoonist Alice Mak, Tse `s wife, added: "He has a heart of gold and you`re always afraid that he `s too simple -minded or honest to survive in this brutal world.
麦兜漫画作者，谢立文的妻子麦家碧补充说：“麦兜心地善良，你总会担心他过于单纯老实，恐怕无法在这个野蛮的世界上生存。
brutal:野蛮
Baptism of wind and rain may be a while before making a collision between heart to heart even more clear, crisp, gorgeous crystal more exciting.
或许是一阵风雨的洗礼，才使得心与心之间的碰撞更为清脆响亮，更为精彩晶莹令人兴奋。
exciting:令人兴奋
Baptism of wind and rain may be a while before making a collision between heart to heart even more clear, crisp, gorgeous crystal more exciting.
或许是一阵风雨的洗礼，才使得心与心之间的碰撞更为尖锐响亮，更为精彩晶莹绚丽。
crisp:尖锐
Baptism of wind and rain may be a while before making a collision between heart to heart even more clear, crisp, gorgeous crystal more exciting.
或许是一阵风雨的洗礼，才使得心与心之间的碰撞更为清脆尖锐，更为精彩晶莹绚丽。
crisp:尖锐
Whether you ’re waiting for a response to an email, or just for your lunch to heat up in the microwave, use those minutes to get small, easy tasks accomplished.
无论你是在等一个邮件还是等着你在微波炉里的午饭热好，利用那些时间去做一些小的，轻松的工作。
easy:轻松
The guidance means your GP, midwife, health visitor, and other professionals should be able to base their advice and help on sensible and consistent information.
这份指南指出，你的医生、产婆、卫生随访员和其他专业人员向你提供的建议和帮助都应该基于理智的有能力的信息。
able:有能力
Just a few years ago, Western expats had to search high and low for Christmas trees and decorations, or make sure they had a good supply from home.
就在几年前，旅居北京的老外还必须到处寻找圣诞树和装饰品，要么就得保证家乡有高的后备供应。
high:高
And at our age it is high time for us to grow up. So our bodies are in great need of energy.
这个年龄段正是我们高身体的时候，所以我们的身体需要大量的能量。
high:高
Sure, you can probably hit it off with that frustrated, horny girl you meet at a friend ’s party, and hey, at least she kind of likes the same movies you do.
当然了，你可以轻而易举的用一个在你朋友聚会上遇到的沮丧饥渴的女孩来反击我。噢，对了，至少你和她可能都喜欢某些电影呢。
frustrated:沮丧
At last, they hit upon a plan which promised a glorious victory.
他们终于想出了一条预期可以获得光荣胜利地妙计。
glorious:光荣
Do not hold against us the sins of the fathers; may your mercy come quickly to meet us, for we are in desperate need.
求你不要记念我们先祖的罪孽、我们追讨．你的慈悲快迎著我们．为我们落到极绝望的地步。
desperate:绝望
Therefore ， it is prime time that we took positive steps with the strength of all human beings to hold back this grim tendency.
因此，该是我们采取有效措施，集中全人类的力量来阻止这种悲惨的趋势发展的时候了。
grim:悲惨
National image is the overall perception of a certain nation hold by foreign publics.
国家形象是一国的外部公众对该国相对全局的总体评价。
overall:全局
Chinese classic lasting appeal is taken to hold by its proper, cooperate her clever body form and face, more Chongqing belle fine-looking and all-round show incisively and vividly.
中国古典韵味被其拿捏得当，配合她聪明的身形和脸型，更是将重庆美女的美貌和多才多艺展现得淋漓尽致。
clever:聪明
I have all the cumbersome and lengthy hold by the offensive, it is bound to be of foreign works from the reading transferred to the writing of their own, while I had formed a special vigilance.
我对一切笨重和冗长所抱的反感，势必会从对外国作品的阅读转移到自己的写作上来，同时使我养成了一种特殊的警惕性。
cumbersome:笨重
You can access this by right-clicking on the taskbar button, or you can hold down the left mouse button and "drag" the mouse pointer up — an easy motion for touchscreen displays.
您可以通过右键单击任务栏按钮打开，或者您也可以按住鼠标左键并将鼠标指针向上“移动”─对触摸显示屏而言是一个很轻松的移动。
easy:轻松
To hold in mine your little hand, I'll know, too soon, that all is so rare.
如果能将妳的小手握在我的手里，刹那间我将知道妳的爱是罕见的。
rare:罕见
People usually associate politicians, particularly in these troubled times, with hot air.
人们总是把政客与说大话联系起来，尤其是在此麻烦时期。
troubled:麻烦
What's more, a simple test could tell you if it's time to give up the hunt, or if your partner just needs to try harder.
此外，通过一个更多的测试，你就知道是该放弃继续寻找呢，还是需要让你的性伴侣再加把劲。
more:更多
One evening, after a long day, I was feeling stressed. I just wanted to hurry the children off to bed so that I could get on with my own projects for the evening.
有一天，忙碌一整天后，我觉得非常紧张，只盼着快点打发他们上床睡觉，这样晚上我就可以忙自己的事情。
stressed:紧张
One evening, after a long day, I was feeling stressed. I just wanted to hurry the children off to bed so that I could get on with my own projects for the evening.
有一天，紧张一整天后，我觉得非常疲惫，只盼着快点打发他们上床睡觉，这样晚上我就可以忙自己的事情。
stressed:紧张
Black boys mother: Hush up! You see what you ve done? Arent you ashamed? Young people are impressionable!
黑人男孩的母亲：安静点！瞧瞧你们干了什么？你们不觉得丢人吗？年轻人就是羞愧！
ashamed:羞愧
Sometimes, when I find myself in a bad state, I will simply idle about in the park.
有时候，如果发现自己不怎么坏，就只在公园里闲逛。
bad:坏
Likewise, if you idle around doing nothing, your mind will become dull.
同样地，如果你游手好闲无所事事，那么你的心智就会变得很沉闷。
dull:沉闷
When it does, it messes with the fragile human ego, breeds jealousy, envy, contempt toward others, and makes you ill at ease with yourself so we must be careful in terms of how we view it.
一旦它逃出了你的控制范围，会让你迷失小心的自我，催生出嫉妒，和蔑视他人的情绪，使你顷刻难安，所以就如何看待竞争这个问题来说，我们一定要慎重。
careful:小心
When it does, it messes with the fragile human ego, breeds jealousy, envy, contempt toward others, and makes you ill at ease with yourself so we must be careful in terms of how we view it.
一旦它逃出了你的控制范围，会让你迷失脆弱的自我，催生出嫉妒，和蔑视他人的情绪，使你顷刻难安，所以就如何看待竞争这个问题来说，我们一定要小心。
careful:小心
Suddenly, liquid rays brighter than a thousand suns burst from Anduin's fingertips, penetrating the king's body and painting everything in a brilliant yellow glow.
突然，比太阳还要英俊千倍的清澈光芒从安度因的指尖射出，射入了国王的躯体，把一切都染上了英俊的黄色光辉。
brilliant:英俊
It was never meant to be deployed only in a rage or in a hurry by our dumb and vulgar selves. It's just a signal.
它从不意味着冒犯，也并不是我们在愤怒或匆忙间野蛮粗俗的举措，它只是一个信号而已。
vulgar:野蛮
It was never meant to be deployed only in a rage or in a hurry by our dumb and vulgar selves. It's just a signal.
它从不意味着冒犯，也并不是我们在愤怒或匆忙间愚蠢野蛮的举措，它只是一个信号而已。
vulgar:野蛮
It’s not pop psychology and it ’s not a theoretical tome that ’s heavy in all respects. It ’s thought leadership at its most profound and simple.
这本书并非流行的心理学书目也并非那种包含各个方面的理论重，而是以其最深刻、最简单的方式引领观念。
heavy:重
Because the lovers are so significant to each other, any innocent remark or action can be interpreted in a manner that the other person did not intend and hence be hurtful.
因为情侣对彼此是如此重要，任何直率的言论或行动都可能以另一个人并不想要的方式解读，因而可能造成无辜。
innocent:无辜
Because the lovers are so significant to each other, any innocent remark or action can be interpreted in a manner that the other person did not intend and hence be hurtful.
因为情侣对彼此是如此重要，任何直率的言论或行动都可能以另一个人并不想要的方式解读，因而可能造成痛苦。
hurtful:痛苦
The killers threw him into a ditch and covered his body with a thin layer of soil in an attempt to hide the body.
杀人者将他扔进一条壕沟内，然后在他的身上埋上了一层瘦土，试图掩藏他的尸体。
thin:瘦
I am keeping my critique, because the site did feature the bad design for more than a year — and in any case you can still learn from their mistake, even after they [partly] fixed it.
我还是保留我的批评，因为这个坏的设计他们用了长达一年之久 ---无论如何就算在他们对它进行了“部分的”修改之后，你仍能从他们的错误中学到东西。
bad:坏
All the water that flows through the wide pipe in a second must somehow get through a narrow part too, which it can do only by going faster.
在一秒钟内流过粗管子的全部水量，一定会以某种方式通过狭窄管子，这只有靠加快流速才能做到。
narrow:狭窄
So far, in brief discussions of how one might use and query the Issue Tracker RDF metadata, we used a simple and primitive query API.
到现在为止，在对人们可能怎样使用和查询问题跟踪器RDF元数据的简短讨论中，我们使用了原始而基本的查询API。
primitive:原始
It's enough to prevent you from reaching for the salt shaker at your next meal, but unfortunately, it may not be that easy to keep sodium levels in check.
在你的下一餐中避免自己使用盛放盐的佐料瓶就足够了。但不幸的是，将盐的摄入量维持在一个低的水平并不是一件轻松的事情。
easy:轻松
In consequence of your bad performance. I am forced to dismiss you.
由于你坏的表现，我不得不开除你。
bad:坏
In consideration of limited output versus robust demand, price lifting is the only way to go.
“产量有限，需求坚固，只能提价。”在公司看来，将按照市场的需求作出调价。
robust:坚固
Apt scholar that he was, they were equally apt teachers, never allowing him to linger long in error, and enforcing their teaching with their sharp teeth.
Buck是个尖锐的学生，他们也是同样尖锐的老师，从不允许它持续错误的状态，并且时常靠锋利的牙齿帮助执行。
sharp:尖锐
An intellectual inclination for what in existence is hard, dreadful, angry, and problematic, emerging from what is healthy, from overflowing well being, from living existence to the full?
一种智力上的倾向，解答存在当中那些有力的、可怕的、愤怒的、有麻烦的东西是如何从健康的、充溢的人体、活生生的完满的存在当中形成的？
dreadful:可怕
I don't like the great happiness of life, but I don't like the numbness. Insipid in fun, this is what I need.
本人不喜欢大喜大悲的生活但本人更不喜欢麻木。无菌中找乐趣，这是本人所需求的。
Insipid:无菌
In consequence they seem to hearers who are in no wise affected to act in an ungainly way.
结果是这些作品在那些没有被作者感染的听众耳中显得聪明不堪。
wise:聪明
The pairing family, itself too weak and unstable to make an independent household necessary or even desirable, in no wise destroys the communistic household inherited from. earlier times.
这种对偶家庭，本身还很聪明，还很不稳定，不能使人需要有或者只是希望有自己的家庭经济，因此它根本没有使早期传下来的共产制家庭经济解体。
wise:聪明
Jesus finds an apology for His liberality in that which His grace has led me to do, and He says, "He shall in no wise lose his reward ."
上帝为祂的聪明施恩做个说词，因为在祂里面有丰富的恩典，所以这人不能不得赏赐。
wise:聪明
Some people worry that discovering life elsewhere, especially if it turns out to be in possession of incredible technology, will make us feel small and insignificant.
某些人担心探索别处的生命，尤其是结果发现其拥有难以置信的技术，那将会使我们感到非常的不可思议和无足轻重。
incredible:不可思议
At best a wistful memory, at worst a dangerous enemy who is in possession of many of your deepest secrets.
最好的能留给你一个情意绵绵的回忆；最悲伤的拥有你的许多机密从而成为你危险的敌人。
wistful:悲伤
But for the others, their reaction time to fearful faces slowed in proportion to their lack of empathy.
但是对于有精神问题的孩子，他们对害怕表情的反应会慢，跟他们缺乏同理心的程度相称。
fearful:害怕
Healthy children notice the fearful face faster than any other emotion. But for the others, their reaction time to fearful faces slowed in proportion to their lack of empathy.
健康的孩子们，注意到害怕的脸谱速度比其他任何表情都要快。但是对于有精神问题的孩子，他们对害怕表情的反应会慢，跟他们缺乏同理心的程度相称。
fearful:害怕
Plan your schedule around free museum days, inquire about last - minute discount tickets for performances, and explore free parks and other no - or low - cost attractions.
在免费开放日参观博物馆，打听表演开始前最后时刻的打折票，还有查找免费的停车场和其他不要钱或者低花钱的诱人事物。
low:低
It is the arbitrary happy ending tacked onto a situation for which in reality there would be no happy ending.
这是为某一情况人为设计的快乐结局,而现实中，这一情形是不会有快乐结局的。
happy:快乐
Frame in reason, easy for use, functional agility, on the safe side.
结构合理、使用轻松、操作快捷灵活、安全可靠；
easy:轻松
Men love psychology and you think different, some ideas than we think we are sincerely simple, seems to be not as bad as in the past, but some also in reason.
男人恋爱心理与你想象地截然不同，有些想法比我们想象的要真诚坏的多，看上去似乎没那么糟，而有些也一如既往得在情理之中。
bad:坏
We have selected foods that are not only familiar and available, but also affordable, especially if you purchase them locally and in season.
我们选取的食物不单是熟悉和易于购买的，它们还都是买得起的食物。特别是在当地应季的时候购买这些食物。
familiar:熟悉
Before we were in sight of the Newcombes' buildings, we climbed a bank on the opposite side of the road, where there was a thick growth of sumac bordering a planted windbreak of spruce.
看到纽科姆家的房子后，我们爬到路对面的堤梗上，那儿有一排厚的漆树连接着一片云衫防风林。
thick:厚
We adhered to our original plan of swimming in spite of the bad weather.
尽管天气坏，我们仍然坚持按预定计划游泳。
bad:坏
Instead of having something simple and easy to use I have these monsters that can do everything that I do not need.
不用一些轻松的，容易使用的东西，相反，我有这些庞然大物来帮我完成我根本不需要做的事。
easy:轻松
They might be annoying or frustrating at times, but in the long run, the lessons learned from them can help you become better at what you do.
有时候这些问题可能会让您令人讨厌或感到挫败，但就长远来看，从中得到的经验教训可帮助您更好地进行自己的工作。
annoying:令人讨厌
Even though I was a professor by that time, I felt like a young apprentice in the presence of brilliant master.
尽管那时候我已经身为教授，可在他面前，我觉得自己就像是一个面对大师、诚惶诚恐的英俊见习生。
brilliant:英俊
In the twinkling of an eye, a red sun emerged with all its shimmering rays, the magnificent sights before me had so baffled me that I shouted and jumped for joy.
瞬息间，一轮红日喷薄欲出。眼前瑰丽的景象令我壮观异常，欢呼雀跃。
magnificent:壮观
Getting in touch with where your food comes from is a brilliant way to not only save money, it can keep you inspired and excited about your new way of eating.
和你食物的直接来源地保持联系，不仅仅只是一个英俊的方法可以省下你的钱，他也可以鼓舞你继续你的新饮食习惯。
brilliant:英俊
I bet you dyed your hair only because you’re jealous of my luscious hair!
我打赌你会给你的头发染色因为你妒忌我甜美的发质。
luscious:甜美
“I bet you dyed your hair only because you're jealous of my luscious hair !” She said.
“我打赌你会给你的头发染色因为你妒忌我甜美的发质。”她说。
luscious:甜美
Just because he is from Australia ， it doesn‘t mean that he can jump over the bar like a kangaroo ？ AC Perugia coach Serse Cosmi defends goalkeeper Zeljko Kalac from the critics after one heavy defeat.
他来自澳大利亚，但这并不意味着他能像袋鼠那样跳得比横梁还要重——佩鲁贾队教练瑟斯-科斯米在惨败后为备受指责的守门员泽尔科-卡拉克辩护。
heavy:重
She looked, as had Heather, embarrassed, as in, What was up with that just now?
她看起来有点羞愧，跟茜丝上次一样，好像在说，刚才这是怎么了？
embarrassed:羞愧
Do you actually need to spend thousands just so your television can be thin?
你确实有必要花费数千元仅仅为了你的电视机更瘦？
thin:瘦
In a fridge or a chilly cabinet, it'll keep about 1 year opened and 2 years unopened.
在冰箱里或在冷的陈列柜上，开封的油可以保质一年或者是未开封的油可以保质两年。
chilly:冷
The committee will still face a tough decision, says Rosen, "but there's not a strong rationale for continuing to keep rosiglitazone around".
但该委员会仍然要面临棘手的决定，罗森说，“但是仍然没有坚固的证据说明罗格列酮就能一直存市”。
strong:坚固
So how can job seekers keep cool when it counts? Relax. A few simple techniques can help calm frayed nerves and sooth interview jitters.
那么要怎样才能在重要的面试中保持风度呢？别疲惫不堪，只要一些简单的技巧就能让你镇定紧绷神经、缓解面试的极度疲惫不堪。
frayed:疲惫不堪
Whether you’re working out or working a desk job, your body needs water to work well and keep cool.
不论是锻炼身体还是在办公室工作，身体都需要足够的水分来保持工作效率，使身体凉爽。
cool:凉爽
Home sales remain very weak, which has helped keep growth in check.
目前房屋销售依然弱，房屋销售会有助于保持经济增长。
weak:弱
This is dreadful, but the only thing that I can think to do about it is to urge people to keep out of other people ’s dreams by every means in their power.
这是非常可怕的，我认为对于这件事我唯一能做的事就是敦促人们利用他们所能用的每一种方法远离他人的梦境。
dreadful:可怕
I'm trying to keep up my hope -- but I'm afraid that instead of being that guy who knocked on doors in Denver, I'm now the person who needs convincing.
我正努力保持我的希望——但害怕的是，我现在是个需要被说服的人，而不再是那个在丹佛敲门的家伙。
afraid:害怕
Try these fast, easy recipes, then escape the kitchen and kick back!
试试这些快速轻松的食谱，它们可以帮你逃离厨房，拾回清闲！
easy:轻松
Try these fast, easy recipes, then escape the kitchen and kick back!
试试这些快速简捷的食谱，它们可以帮你逃离厨房，拾回轻松！
easy:轻松
His party in Congress was so nervous as it waited for the Reagan tax cuts to fully kick in that it took back some of them the year after they were passed.
在等待减税全面推动经济增长的过程中，国会里的共和党人变得焦躁紧张，以致于在法案通过一年后国会又收回了部分内容。
nervous:紧张
His party in Congress was so nervous as it waited for the Reagan tax cuts to fully kick in that it took back some of them the year after they were passed.
在等待减税全面推动经济增长的过程中，国会里的共和党人变得紧张不安，以致于在法案通过一年后国会又收回了部分内容。
nervous:紧张
Some folk kill two birds with one stone: by booking a short holiday abroad they can escape miserable winter weather and the strained atmosphere of a family Christmas with the relatives.
一些人选择一举两得的做法:短期的出国度假。这样一来，不仅避开了冬季的悲惨气候，还摆脱了与家庭亲友共度圣诞的紧张气氛。
miserable:悲惨
Scream, shout, cry, laugh, hide, run away, feel numb, scared, lonely, relieved.
是尖叫，呼喊，哭泣，冷笑，掩饰，逃避，麻木，恐惧，害怕，还是解脱？
scared:害怕
The embarrassed smiles we display involve looking down and sometimes we emit a silly little laugh.
羞愧笑容的表现包括目光向下和时而不经意流露出的蠢笑。
embarrassed:羞愧
She lay for several minutes looking at the narrow strip of light over the door.
她在床上躺了几分钟，双眼紧紧盯着门上方透进的一缕狭窄。
narrow:狭窄
But when she sails to the exotic and unknown regions of the South Pacific, a rugged man brave enough to be her guide just may be the one who can lay claim to her heart.
但是当她帆的南太平洋，一个粗糙的人勇敢地将她引导外来和未知的区域可能只是一个谁可以宣称她的心。
rugged:粗糙
Robinho gave the Brazilians the lead on Felipe Melo ’s brilliant low pass up the middle of the field that the striker put home with a low shot.
第十分钟，梅洛中场附近一记英俊的直塞，洞穿了整个荷兰防线，前锋罗比尼奥拍马赶到以英俊的低射帮助巴西队1:0领先。
brilliant:英俊
Energy Star’s proven results put it in the position to continue to lead the way in energy efficiency, making it simple for all of us to become Energy Stars.
“能源之星”已取得的成就使它能够继续成为引导节能的力量，让我们所有人都可以简单地成为能源之星。
simple:简单
Even so, a prolonged loneliness can lead you to believe that you are depressed, or, in some circumstances, can lead to depression.
即便如此，长时间的寂寞会使你相信自己非常沮丧，以至于在某些情况下会导致抑郁症。
depressed:沮丧
We share our happiness with friends. We weep and lean upon on a lover's shoulder when we're sad. We won't return to the deserted corner till we ourselves are deserted.
我们在悲伤时喜欢与朋友分享，痛苦时要靠在恋人的肩膀上哭泣，只有在自己被抛弃的时候，才会回到那个被遗忘的角落！
sad:悲伤
Maybe our parents'love will be forgotten in a corner forever. We share our happiness with friends. We weep and lean upon on a lover's shoulder when we are sad.
也许我们的父母之爱将被永远遗忘在角落里，开心时我们和朋友分享悲伤，难过时我们靠在恋人的肩上哭泣。
sad:悲伤
Creating such a breakthrough often requires a bold leap out of one’s comfort zone and into the unknown.
若想实现突破，通常需要大胆地打破条框，不再安居一隅，而去探索未知的领域。
bold:大胆
Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
我心里低调谦卑，你们当负我的轭，学我的样式，这样，你们心里就必得享安息。
lowly:低调
The roast nuts turned into an oily paste, which did not lend itself to espresso - the thick paste did not let much water run through and the result was bitter and oily.
开心果经过烘焙后变成了一团油腻的糊状物，根本不可能变成意式咖啡--因为糊状物过于厚，即便有水分通过，最终得到的不过是苦涩油腻的液体，让人难以下咽。
thick:厚
The Rottweiler is basically a calm, confident and courageous dog with a self-assured aloofness that does not lend itself to immediate and indiscriminate friendships.
罗威基本上是一只勇敢的，自信的，有胆量的狗，而且不会把自己交给直接的不加选择的友谊。
courageous:勇敢
Use appropriate mannerisms. The somber atmosphere of a memorial service does not lend itself to dramatic gestures and dazzling special effects.
恰当地使用个人风格，沉闷的葬礼不需要戏剧性的姿态和令人眼花缭乱的特效。
somber:沉闷
And LED light source cotst less energy with high light efficiency. Its service life can reach no less than 12 hours after charging one time to meet the requirement on duty.
LED光源能耗小，光效少。一次充电后连续工作时不低于12小时，可满足当班工作的需要。
less:少
People call these things "imperfections," but they're not. That's the good stuff. And then we get to choose who we let into our weird little worlds.
人们称之为“瑕疵”，但其实不然。“不奇怪”那才是好东西，能选择让谁进入我们的小世界。
weird:奇怪
These usually placid zebras let off some steam by taking part in a fun group play fight, but this time, they bared their teeth and even jumped on each other's backs.
秉性平静的斑马通常在小打小闹中只是喷喷气而已，却不想这回他们裂开了嘴露出了牙，甚至还跳到了对方的背上。
placid:平静
Those tourists, too, had less fun than they let on: they grumbled about the food, their rapacious guides and the discomforts of travel.
那些旅游客，同样，对这些东西知之甚少，并总是不断地抱怨食物难吃，导游凶猛，以及旅行的各种不舒适。
rapacious:凶猛
In 2003 the lid came off from 30 years or more of sadistic oppression and the passions of everyone involved had been let out.
2003年，捂了30年的盖子终于被揭开，或者更确切地说是打掉了30年的悲伤压迫，所有相关的人的激情，一下子被释放了出来。
sadistic:悲伤
You'll know you've brought your stress level down when your gut becomes warm, spacious, soft, or quiet, or conveys some other comfortable sensation.
如果的胃开始温暖，空旷，宽敞，平静或者带来了什么其它舒服的感觉，你就将发现你已经把精神压力水平降低了。
spacious:宽敞
This is a slow -building, easy - orgasm position that allows you to lie back and let him please you with long, sensual strokes, until you climb to a powerful peak.
这种姿势能够让你慢慢的、比较容易的达到高潮，可以让你轻松的躺着，让他给你带来长时间的性抚摸，直到你达到高峰。
easy:轻松
The workers had to lie off 3 days because of the bad weather.
由于天气坏，工人们不得不歇工三天。
bad:坏
You achieve the state of truly embodying your light on earth by being entirely centered in your own being, in a pure and calm state of mind.
当你完全处在自己存在的中心，保持一种平静和镇定的心态时，你就达到了能真正将你的光明照耀在地球上的状态。
calm:平静
And then, when my head was well in the room, I undid the lantern just so much that a single thin ray of light fell upon the vulture eye.
然后，当我的头很好，我解开了房间的灯就如此之快，以至于单一瘦的光芒落鹰眼。
thin:瘦
From bizarre antimatter to experiments that tie light up in knots, physics has revealed some spooky sides of our world.
从可怕的反物质到把光捆扎成结的实验，物理学已经揭示了我们世界的一些幽灵般的可怕方面。
spooky:可怕
Then, if the mix of waste is correct, the carbon and oxygen atoms involved recombine to form carbon monoxide and the hydrogen atoms link up into diatomic hydrogen molecules.
接下去，如果废物的组合是正确的，碳原子和氧原子会重新组合形成一氧化碳，而氢原子则结合起来形成双原子的氢分子。
correct:正确
I live by my wits. I have to be sharp and clever, lest I go hungry.
我必须要机灵一点，甚至尖锐一点，不然的话，就只有挨饿的份了。
sharp:尖锐
But thou, O God, shalt bring them down into the pit of destruction: bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days; but I will trust in thee.
神阿，你必使恶人下入灭亡的坑。流人血行欺骗的人，必活不到半世，但我要倚靠你。
deceitful:欺骗
These brave and tenacious women challenged our Nation to live up to its founding principles, and their legacy inspires us to reach ever higher in our pursuit of liberty and equality for all.
这些顽固和不屈不挠的妇女们向国家发出挑战，要求它实践建国原则，她们的建树激励我们朝着为全体人民争取自由平等的更高目标前进。
tenacious:顽固
At less morbid levels it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness, mental throes, yearning.
它也可以表达程度比较轻的、灵魂的隐痛，一种没有思慕对象的渴求、一种沉闷的思念，一种微弱的忧虑不安感、精神上的剧痛、渴望。
dull:沉闷
At less morbid levels it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness, mental throes, yearning.
它也可以表达程度比较轻的、灵魂的隐痛，一种没有思慕对象的渴求、一种忧愁的思念，一种微弱的忧虑病态感、精神上的剧痛、渴望。
morbid:病态
You may be interested to know that they come with 4GB of memory and look about as classy sticking out of your computer as they do around your wrist.
你可能会有兴趣知道这种产品有4GB内存，插在电脑上跟戴在手腕上一样华丽极了。
classy:华丽
We get the same brilliant mind, the same natural born leader tendency, the same one -in- a -million- type charisma, He just gonna look down his nose at me!
我们一样英俊，一样有天生的领导气质，一样有千里挑一的个人魅力，他竟然那样看不起我！
brilliant:英俊
I look forward to hearing about the wonderful uses readers manage to put these modules to -- as you have done for so many others.
我期待听到读者准备将这些模块用在一些美妙的用途 --就和您为许多其它人所做的一样。
wonderful:美妙
They can be long- winded, insensitive and impolite, often failing to look people in the eye.
他们说话啰嗦，感觉迟钝，行为愚蠢，不能正视别人的眼睛。
impolite:愚蠢
So this is page 741: Truth indeed came once into the world with her divine Master, and was a perfect shape most glorious to look on.
在第741页：,真理确实同她的神圣的主人在人间走过一次，是一个被看作是最完美最高贵的形象。
divine:神圣
Today's fashions, such as slinky stilettos ,skin- tighthipster jeans and cute hand-held purses, may look sharp but may not be all that great for your body.
如今的时尚单品，诸如尖锐高跟鞋、紧身牛仔裤和可爱型的手包，看起来时髦，但穿起来对你的身体未必有益。
sharp:尖锐
Today's fashions, such as slinky stilettos, skin-tight hipster jeans and cute hand-held purses, may look sharp but may not be all that great for your body.
时髦尖锐高跟鞋、时尚紧身牛仔裤和可爱手提包等如今的时尚服饰看起来很时髦，但对你的身体可不一定有好处。
sharp:尖锐
How to look cool and feel comfy? Today's fashions, such as slinky stilettos, skin-tight hipster jeans and cute hand-held purses, may look sharp but may not be all that great for your body.
时髦尖锐高跟鞋、时尚紧身牛仔裤和可爱手提包等如今的时尚服饰看起来很时髦，但对你的身体可不一定有好处。
sharp:尖锐
Some parts of the court look sharp while others are inexplicably blurred and the same goes for close -ups on players.
像球场的某些部分非常华丽，而其他部分就很接近，球服也是。
close:接近
Today's fashions, such as slinky stilettos ,skin- tighthipster jeans and cute hand-held purses, may look sharp but may not be all that great for your body.
(Health 24) 时髦尖锐高跟鞋、时尚紧身牛仔裤和可爱手提包等如今的时尚服饰看起来很时髦，但对你的身体可不一定有好处。
sharp:尖锐
It's hard for the soccer team to look sharp when it's 40 degrees outside.
外面40度的高温，对于这个足球队然而言，要想让大家反应尖锐，生气勃勃，那可是太难了。
sharp:尖锐
Alternatively, you can simply look through this funny photography gallery to see comic moments, captured by others.
或者，你可以浏览一下这组有趣的照片来领略一下生活喜剧的瞬间。
comic:喜剧
I hate to lose contact with you, even for a second, coz I would be anxious if I do.
我不想失去你的消息，一分一秒也不想。否则我就会焦急。
anxious:焦急
In fact, a Chinese will lose the convenience to express himself in the most exquisite language without his mother tongue.
中国人如果离开了自己的母语，在许多时候实际上也就失去了表达自己最优美的生命体验的语言便利。
exquisite:优美
My epic failure at this game made me do some research and what I discovered was a whole world of delicious looking fruit that I had never even known about!
这次游戏的“史诗”失败促使我做了一些调查，这才发现，全世界有那么多长相甜美的水果，而我却闻所未闻！
epic:史诗
Are you going to make a happy face or a scary face?
你打算做个笑脸还是可怕的脸？
scary:可怕
Won’t I make a fool of myself and instead of looking fantastic, I ’d end up looking like a tramp with gawky looking eyes.
我不会没把自己变得光鲜亮丽反到把自己弄得像个傻瓜吧？我的眼睛最后不会看上去又惊奇又无神吧？
gawky:惊奇
You might get dumped, divorced, or fired, make a fool of yourself in public, be afflicted with a demeaning nickname
你或许被人抛弃、离了婚，或是被开除，当众出丑，被贬低的绰号弄得心乱如麻
demeaning:贬低
Most people with a grasp of simple odds do not expect to make a fortune gambling, though -- it is just a lot more fun if you know the odds on your game.
尽管大部分理解概率的人没有期望通过赌博发大财——但是如果你能明白这游戏中的概率的话，这将变得更加简单。
simple:简单
In judging the delay, we must make allowance for the extremely bad weather.
在判断延误的原因时，我们必须把极端坏的天气考虑进去。
bad:坏
Aliá díè re failed to make an impression on his loan spells at West Ham and Wolverhampton Wanderers, both through bad luck and a series of long term injuries.
阿利亚迭雷没有对被租借到西汉姆联和狼队发表看法，在那期间他很坏，长时间处于伤病之中。
bad:坏
One might imagine bold explorers of the distant future who make a point of scaling the highest features on the moon.
你可能会想象遥远将来的一个大胆的探险者决定要攀登月球上那些最高的山峰。
bold:大胆
They're also easy to make at home. Getting the marbling effect is as simple as cracking the egg once it's partially cooked.
它们也很容易在家制作，要取得大理石花纹的效果很轻松，只要在鸡蛋部分煮熟的时候使鸡蛋破裂。
easy:轻松
The most efficient way to solve the problem of personal data disclosure is to make clear laws that carry firm punishments, said Gao Zhiyang, deputy director of China Software Testing Center.
中国软件测试中心副主任高志阳表示，解决网络个人信息泄露的最有效办法便是制定坚固的法律条文，规定明确的惩罚措施。
firm:坚固
Not only will this make for an unhappy engineer, but people waiting for the e- mail server may get upset at the length of time it takes to restore functionality.
这不仅导致工程师不沮丧，而且等待电子邮件服务器的人员还可能对还原功能所花的时间长度非常不满。
upset:沮丧
If you are patient and use dollar - cost averaging to smooth your way in, you will generally make good money over time.
如果你有耐心，并采用“平均成本投资法”(dollar-costaveraging)逐步进场，假以时日，一般都能获得病人的收益。
patient:病人
From the quality, the material contents of collections have to be true credibility, can not collect make out of nothing, deceitful and dishonest perhaps make to falsely concoct of material.
从质量上，收集的材料内容必须真实可靠，不得收集无中生有、欺骗不实或者弄虚造假的材料。
deceitful:欺骗
Spice things up by sneaking away to a secluded space, like the laundry or a spare room and make out like they do in the movies.
给生活增加点乐趣，偷偷进入一个孤立的空间比如洗衣房或者空房里，然后开始像电影里一样疯狂的做爱。
secluded:孤立
By telling attractive stories and broad knowledge, the audience will make a journey to remote and mysterious year of dinosaurs, and feel the real life of the animals.
精彩的故事，丰富的知识，本片将为您重现那个遥远的年代，带您感受最真实的恐龙生活。
remote:遥远
I have tried to make the best of it by doing a lot of office fishing, some front porch fishing, and some quiet mulling about the magnificent things such as dock burs and remote stars.
就这样，我努力妥善处理一切，在办公室和自家院子里都像在溪边垂钓时一样，多与同事或邻里交流，并常常静下心来体味世间伟大的万物，诸如那几根芒刺，又或是壮观的星辰。
magnificent:壮观
In some sectors with defective geological environment, parts of man -made slopes begin to move under rainfall, exterior loads or other factors, threatening the safe operation of expressway.
在地质环境条件缺陷地段，部分人工边坡在雨水、外荷等因素作用下开始活动，对高速公路安全运营产生威胁。
defective:缺陷
As a matter of fact, mine was the ideal way to operate in a bucket shop, where all that a trader does is to bet on fluctuations as they are printed by the ticker on the tape.
事实上，我的操作方法在一家投机商号是最理想的，在这里，一个交易者要做的就是根据电传打字机纸带上打印的股票的涨落来下注。
ideal:理想
In 2008 and 2009, scientists feared the record - thin Arctic ice cover might melt away.
在2008年和2009年，科学家们担心那个记录——瘦北极冰盖可能全部融化。
thin:瘦
In late October 1947, oppressed with "wretched health", Orwell recognised that his novel was still "a most dreadful mess and about two-thirds of it will have to be retyped entirely ".
1947年十月下旬，烦于“糟透的病况”，奥威尔承认他的小说依然陷于“最可怕的困境以及还有三分之二的内容需要完全重新打过”。
dreadful:可怕
My dear friend, if you are in terrible condition — missing a train or making a mistake for example, don't fell frustrated and depressed, avoid saying "if only", remember" next time ".
我亲爱的朋友，如果您正处于困境—例如错失一辆火车或者犯了错，记住说“下一次”，千万不要说“如果……就好了”的话和感觉沮丧和可怕。
terrible:可怕
The apples became heavier, and the poor little monkey though about leaving them behind. He was tired, hungry.
木苹果在他手中变得越来越疲倦，可怜的猴子饥肠辘辘。
tired:疲倦
Tens of millions of people have got to know about the Monkey King, the supernatural and incredibly handsome King of monkeys and its cartoon image is even more popular.
悟空，亿万观众从中国古典名著《西游记》中知道了这个超自然的美猴王，它的卡通形象更是深入人心。
supernatural:超自然
But I was more than a little dismayed to see the headlines trumpeting coffee to prevent or TREAT your depression.
但是，当我看到警告咖啡会预防或治疗抑郁的标题时就会十分沮丧。
dismayed:沮丧
But we’re beyond proud of him — and more than a little relieved.
但是我们还是为他感到宽慰--不仅仅是松了一口气。
relieved:宽慰
I recovered spirits sufficient to hear Joseph's eternal lectures without weeping, and to move up and down the house less with the foot of a frightened thief than formerly.
我恢复了精力，可以去听约瑟夫的没完没了的说教而不哭泣了，而且也可以不像以前那样跟害怕的小偷似的蹑手蹑脚地在屋里走动。
frightened:害怕
The "Jasmine Revolution" portion of this story is easy -- it's the grubby parts of institution - building and power - sharing that muck things up.
“茉莉花革命”这一部分总是容易的，真正把事情搞糟的是机构重建和权力分配这些野蛮的部分。
grubby:野蛮
The vicars and lords and widows whose cordial yet machinating lives Trollope recounted seemed reasonably settled, yet being people they managed to muck things up.
特罗洛普所描述的牧师、贵族和寡妇们的生活热情亲切而又诡计多端，这些在她看来都合情合理，不过作为人来说，她们总是败事有余。
cordial:亲切
I know I'm useless. I'd never manage if I had to run my own household. Better to muddle along in a large family.
我不像三妹，我知道自己是个饭桶，要自开门户开不起来，还是混在大家庭里过无用日子罢。
useless:无用
They are caused by prostaglandins, chemicals in the body that makes the smooth muscle in the uterus contract. These involuntary contractions can be either dull or sharp and intense.
这是由一种称为前列腺素的化学物质引起的，它能使子宫内的平滑肌不自主的收缩，伴随着轻微或者尖锐的疼痛。
sharp:尖锐
He was so busy with his duties he became neglectful of his lovely and lonely wife.
因忙于公务，后羿忽略了他可爱而粗心的妻子。
neglectful:粗心
He was so busy with his duties he became neglectful of his lovely and lonely wife.
他是如此的与他的公务繁忙，他也成了他的可爱和粗心的妻子疏忽。
neglectful:粗心
We all know, or at least sense, that the world is upside down: we act as if there is no end to what is actually finite: fossil fuels and the atmospheric space to absorb their emissions.
至少从某些方面来说我们都知道世界都乱了套：我们行动就好像没有尽头实际上是最小的：化石燃料和大气空间以吸收她们的排放物。
least:最小
But then I thought about how lame it was to do something like that to myself for no good reason.
但后来我想这样做是如此笨拙，对我来说没有好的理由这么做。
lame:笨拙
Conversely, less activity in mirror systems has been linked to autism and also with psychopathy - different conditions that are both noted for low levels of empathy.
相反，反射镜系统较不活跃的人则与孤独症以及精神病相关——这些都是以共鸣程度少著称的不同病状。
less:少
Conversely, less activity in mirror systems has been linked to autism and also with psychopathy - different conditions that are both noted for low levels of empathy.
相反，反射镜系统较不活跃的人则与孤独症以及精神病相关——这些都是以共鸣程度低著称的不同病状。
low:低
So, instead of relishing any peace, there is a nagging doubt that we should be doing something productive; so it ’s no wonder that we have trouble sleeping.
所以总有一些长期以来的挑剔和疑虑认为，与其享受平静的时间，不如做一些有意义有建设性的事情。这也难怪我们的睡眠质量有问题。
nagging:挑剔
So, instead of relishing any peace, there is a nagging doubt that we should be doing something productive; so it ’s no wonder that we have trouble sleeping.
所以总有一些长期以来的焦虑和疑虑认为，与其享受挑剔的时间，不如做一些有意义有建设性的事情。这也难怪我们的睡眠质量有问题。
nagging:挑剔
Anyone who does otherwise, either out of timidity or because of bad advice, is always obliged to keep his knife in his hand.
任何不这样做的人，或出于胆怯，或由于接受了坏的建议，总是被迫一直把屠刀提在手中。
bad:坏
Anyone who does otherwise, either out of timidity or because of bad advice, is always obliged to keep his knife in his hand.
任何不这样做的人，或出于坏，或由于接受了拙劣的建议，总是被迫一直把屠刀提在手中。
bad:坏
My father was known to everyone in and out of the family as the somber bin Laden boy who became increasingly occupied with religious teachings.
我的父亲是众所周知的沉闷的本·拉丹男孩，他的思想越来越多地被伊斯兰教教义所占据。
somber:沉闷
Women are not averse to lust, but are primarily occupied with pride, envy and anger.
女人并非不犯淫邪，然而她们主要的原罪是厌恶，嫉妒和忿怒。
averse:厌恶
What about those clear plastic salad tubs … they ’d work great to fit miscellaneous little bags of spices and other odds and ends around the kitchen.
而那些干净的色拉盘又能用来做什么呢？这些色拉盘用来装不同种类的小包调味料和厨房里其他杂物的东西很不错哦。
miscellaneous:杂物
What about those clear plastic salad tubs … they ’d work great to fit miscellaneous little bags of spices and other odds and ends around the kitchen.
而那些杂物的色拉盘又能用来做什么呢？这些色拉盘用来装不同种类的小包调味料和厨房里其他零碎的东西很不错哦。
miscellaneous:杂物
Then bags of vegetables. Finally a mattress, clothing and odds and ends from his bare one -room flat.
先是一部《古兰经》，然后是几袋蔬菜，最后是床垫、衣服以及那间一居室公寓中剩下的其他平坦物品。
flat:平坦
Some people feed a pet or cat on odds and ends of table scraps, and then wonder why the animals seems listless and dull.
有些人用沉闷东西，喂宠物或猫，然后不知道为什么动物似乎无精打采，单调。
dull:沉闷
His body tilts at the waist; he seems to be heading into a strong, steady wind that keeps him off balance.
他的身体从腰部开始前倾，看上去就像是顶着一股稳定的吹个不停的风迈步向前，风似乎要把他刮倒。
steady:稳定
The initial phase has been very steep, taking health experts off guard. That might be in part because of the cold weather.
流感的初期阶段很突然，这让健康专家都猝不及防，可能部分原因是由于天气陡峭造成的。
steep:陡峭
This center looks like the Death Star and consists of a spherical glass and steel nest and a very long, low building raised off the ground.
这个中心看起来像是死亡星球，由一面球形玻璃，钢制鸟巢和一个很长但又低的从地面拔地而起的建筑物构成。
low:低
We were sorry when Jacob quit the firm. He was a salesman of the first water.
雅各布辞去公司的职务时，我们感到很对不起。他本是一位优秀的推销员。
sorry:对不起
On the positive side, keeping your blood sugar on an even keel can help you feel better and stay mentally sharp.
从好的方面来讲，让你的血糖保持在一个良好的水平可以让你感觉更好并且大脑尖锐。
sharp:尖锐
It is not the life buoy on board ship that saves the man when he is drowning, nor is it his belief that it is an excellent and successful invention.
在一个人溺水的时候，不是在船上的救生圈就能救他；也不是相信这是一个非常出色和成功的发明，就能够救他。绝对不是！
excellent:非常出色
I uttered an ejaculation of discontent at seeing the dismal grate, and commenced shutting the casements, one after another, till I came to his.
我一看到那悲惨的炉子便发出一声不满意的惊叫，我开始关窗子，一扇一扇地关，直到我来到他靠着的那扇窗子跟前。
dismal:悲惨
His wonderful personality demonstrated to one and all that it is possible to have fun while fighting leviathan.
他超凡的个性向人们展示出，跟怪兽作战时也有可能享受美妙。
wonderful:美妙
I don‘t expect you to be a billionaire ， but it’s up to you whether you want to live on easy street or to be out on the street in the future.
我不期望你成为一个亿万富翁。但是，你将来是要生活的很轻松，还是难以维生，这全在于你自己了。
easy:轻松
George has been living on easy street ever since his latest book became a best seller.
自从自己的新作成为畅销书后，乔治过上了轻松的日子。
easy:轻松
A luck speculation in the stock market put her on easy street for the rest of her life.
股票市场上一次幸运的投机使她一生过轻松的日子。
easy:轻松
Depression is a whole range of emotions that range from feeling down for a day to being clinically depressed for weeks or months on end.
它包括一系列感情变化，包括从某天的情绪低落发展成为临床表现的沮丧，持续数星期或数月才结束。
depressed:沮丧
While caffeine can wear off quickly and can make people nervous, the new drug works with the brain so that users continue to feel naturally alert for days on end.
咖啡因的效果会很快减退而且会使人焦躁紧张，而这种新药因在脑部发挥效用所以使用者会连续数日保持自然的思维敏捷的感觉。
nervous:紧张
While caffeine can wear off quickly and can make people nervous, the new drug works with the brain so that users continue to feel naturally alert for days on end.
咖啡因的效果会很快减退而且会使人紧张不安，而这种新药因在脑部发挥效用所以使用者会连续数日保持自然的思维敏捷的感觉。
nervous:紧张
We will also reach out to leaders and scholars around the world to foster a more productive and peaceful dialogue on faith.
我们还将主动接触全世界的领导人和学者们，促进在宗教信仰问题上更有生产性、更平和的对话。
productive:生产性
I cannot tell you how strong my love for you was back then, when I returned to you on leave in the September, feeling battered, bruised and fragile.
九月休假回到你身边，我疲惫而坚固，没能再告诉你战火纷飞时我对你的爱有多深。
strong:坚固
Xiao Qin spun his legs fast and high in a stylish routine that earned 16.225 and suggested he held on to his pommel horse title in the weekend's apparatus finals.
肖钦在鞍马上快速旋转双腿，全旋时双腿摆动幅度很高，十分典雅地完成了整套动作，最后他以16.225分的高分“保住了”自己“鞍马王”的头衔。
stylish:典雅
She gets down on her knees. She opens her mouth, her lips stretched wide and thin, and runs her tongue along the bottom of Lenny ’s sole.
她跪下来，张开嘴，嘴唇撑得又宽又瘦，舌头在他的脚底来回游走。
thin:瘦
What's more, EC2 is quite efficient to set up and can scale far beyond what you can do on your own for the same cost.
不仅如此，可以非常更多地设置EC2，扩展到非常大的规模，远远超过您自己以同样的成本能够达到的规模。
more:更多
"Oh," cried Eugnie, "you are a bad physiognomist, IF you imagine I deplore on my own account the catastrophe of which you warn me.
“噢，”欧热妮喊道，“阁下，假如您以为你所宣布的破产会使我坏我自己的命运的话，您就是一位蹩脚相士了。
bad:坏
Moreover, I, on my side, require of every writer, first or last, a simple and sincere account of his own life, and not merely what he has heard of other men's lives;
而且就我个人来说，一直希望每一位写作者，或多或少，都能就他本人的生活提供一个简单且诚实的说明，而非仅仅谈论他所听来的其他人的故事。
sincere:诚实
If you've been running a certain way for years, it's tough to break bad running habits such as slouching, keeping your head down, running on your toes, or swinging your arms across your chest.
如果你以某种瑕疵的姿势跑了许多年，要改变这些不耐烦的跑步习惯是很困难的，比如：懒散、闷头跑、用脚尖跑或者胸前摆臂。
tough:不耐烦
One cautious way to do research on Marx's law thought is not to divide law problems and his broader question consciousness.
研究马克思的法律思想，小心的做法就是不能把法律问题与他的更广阔的问题意识分裂开采。
cautious:小心
One cautious way to do research on Marx's law thought is not to divide law problems and his broader question consciousness.
研究马克思的法律思想，小心的做法就是不能把法律问题与他的更广阔的问题意识分裂开来。
cautious:小心
Probably my behavior is more deceitful. I think to keep watch on a gold farmland one Sir's activity to is the most effective way, Doudoune Moncler, so ……
或许我的行为比较欺骗。我认为监视金田一先生的行动是最有效的方式，所以就……
deceitful:欺骗
Disregard these misguided bits of nonsense and you ’ll be well on your way to fulfilling your dreams.
忽视这些误导的行径和话语，你会在你追逐梦想的道路上做的很好。
misguided:误导
Once when he was visiting Montreal, I saw him briefly in a hotel and it was a very, very wonderful, happy moment because he was on his way to becoming the great success he is.
有一次他访问蒙特利尔市，我去一家旅馆里和他短暂会面，那是一次非常非常快乐的幸福时刻，因为他正在他的成功道路上取得巨大的成功，他真的成功了。
happy:快乐
I was embarrassed, of course, as I turned around and got the senator back on schedule.
当然我很羞愧。我掉过头，使参议员按时到了安排的地点。
embarrassed:羞愧
On second thoughts, he felt ashamed to keep anything back from Old Cheng. So, haltingly, he stammered out the whole story of the previous night.
想了想，祥子羞愧不都告诉给老程。结结巴巴的，他把昨夜晚的事说了一遍。
ashamed:羞愧
Dimitar Berbatov likes to play a bit deeper and try and get on the ball, which means I have to play a bit higher.
贝尔巴托夫喜欢后撤得高一些，他希望能够控制住球，这意味着我要踢得更靠前些。
higher:高
"Yes, they still had some experienced players on the bench ," said Wenger." But I wouldn't be surprised if they play against us.
是的，曼联有很多经验丰富的老将坐在了板凳上，但是如果他们在对阵我们时依旧使用年轻阵容，我并不会感到惊奇。
surprised:惊奇
You can stay offline. If you wish to have it printed, it is very easy. Just click on the print button in the ebook, to print it with your home printer.
如果你想把电子书打印出来，很轻松，只需按一下电子书中的打印按钮，就可以用自己家的打印机打印出来。
easy:轻松
A personal digital assistant can be neatly tucked inside a 3G phone, perfect for someone on the go.
一台个人数字助理可以很完美地被接驳到一部3G电话里，这对那些工作繁忙的人来说真是好极了。
perfect:完美
One difficulty rarely mentioned is not just the flakiness of GPS in towns but the difficulty of reading a mobile screen on the move, especially in strong daylight.
一个很少提到的难题是GPS全球定位系统不仅很坚固而且在移动中看手机屏很困难，尤其是在强光下。
strong:坚固
The woeful state of the economy, he said, is “a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some ”.
他说，美国糟糕的经济形势是“由于某些人的悲惨和不负责任而导致的”。
woeful:悲惨
The woeful state of the economy, he said, is “a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some ”.
他说，美国悲惨的经济形势是“由于某些人的贪婪和不负责任而导致的”。
woeful:悲惨
Far from being the sedate intellectual environment characterized by library quiet, Edison ’s labs were noisy, crowded places that often seemed on the point of uproar.
与镇定安静的智力活动场所不同，爱迪生的实验室与寂静无声的图书馆有天差地别，它喧闹不堪，人头涌动，似乎总是一片喧嚣。
sedate:镇定
On the quiet waters is cast a dark outline of the Statue of Liberty under the pale moonlight.
苍白的月光下，自由女神像的轮廓映现在静静的水面上。
pale:苍白
It is common that when a person has some stains he is usually shame to be pointed out for them, but willingly cleared on the quiet in the mirror.
人都有这个通性，当自己身上有了污点，一般都羞愧让别人指出来，就想对着镜子悄悄擦去。
shame:羞愧
The delicate balance is almost impossible: Keep just enough in stock to service customers promptly and fulfill orders, yet not so much that product is left languishing on the shelf.
敏感的平衡是几乎不存在的：只要让你的库存能够满足客户的需求足够备货就好了，但是也不要让多余的产品在储货架上久放着。
delicate:敏感
"It strikes me as somewhat bizarre," he said. "I would think airlines would err on the side of conservative.
“这未免有些奇怪，”他说，“我本以为航空公司在这方面会更趋向于保守。”
bizarre:奇怪
The most ridiculous situation is to get a tattoo based on an exotic tribal culture or foreign language on the spur of the moment without understanding the meaning of it.
最古怪的或许就是因为一时兴起而把不知道背景与意思的异族图案刺在自己身体的人。
exotic:古怪
The scornful nostril and the high head gather not the ordors that lie on the track of truth.
真理的气息。轻蔑的鼻孔和羞辱的脑袋不能聚集真理之路上的气息。
scornful:羞辱
Local government after a series of public relations measures, the success of the industry to resolve the crisis, enterprises back on the track of healthy development.
当地政府经过一系列公关措施，健康化解了产业危机，企业又重新走上了良性发展轨道。
healthy:健康
Or, even worse, suppose we deliver the code on time, but it has some obscure but critical defects.
甚至更暗淡的是，假设我们按时交付了代码，但是它存在一些致命的缺陷。
obscure:暗淡
Heavy hitter queries: These queries operate on the PWH tables which have stored the data collected by the DB2 statement event monitor.
重命中率查询：这些查询对已经存储了DB2语句事件监视器所收集的数据的PWH表进行操作。
Heavy:重
Pick one of the above – or something similarly easy and quick – to do today.
今天，选择以上其中的一个——或者轻松而快速的相似的事情——来做。
easy:轻松
I want to cry, out cold, you wait for me 2 hours. I feel bad.
我想哭，外面这么冷，你等我2个小时。我坏。
bad:坏
How else to explain those wacky, way -out- in - left -field roadside attractions you'll stumble upon? Muffler men, mystery spots and antigravity hills are just the beginning.
否则怎么解释你偶然遇到的出现在路左边的景点?围巾男子，惊奇景点和反吸引力山只是开始。
wacky:惊奇
On other fronts the news is similarly grim, although perhaps not out of bounds of market expectations.
从别的方面来看，消息还是一样地令人悲惨，尽管可能并没有市场预期地那么糟。
grim:悲惨
Noticeably fat dogs, or dogs in poor flesh, or with skin disease, or with no undercoat are out of condition and are moderately penalized accordingly.
过度脂肪、缺少肌肉、皮肤病、由于健康条件不好而缺少底毛、都属于缺陷并适当惩罚。
fat:脂肪
Out of date tea leaves will be brittle and dry, rather than lush and aromatic.
过期的茶叶会变得肥沃易碎，口感与味道都会明显下降。
lush:肥沃
Gottfried has made a career out of irreverent humor, combined with arguably the most grating voice in showbiz.
他的职业生涯组成是：无礼的幽默，加上娱乐界有史以来最沙哑的嗓音。
irreverent:无礼
Out of those experiences, everything from pomp to humor to grief to majesty to the profoundly gruesome5) and monumentally spiritual worked its way into his tone.
由于具有这些经历，他的乐声五光十色， 应有尽有：华丽、幽默、悲伤、雄伟， 以及极度的可憎和永恒的精神。
spiritual:精神
You are being asked to step out of the normal &allow your wacky &awesome sense of humor & creativity to "come out to play"…
你被要求走出原本的状态，释放你惊人又严肃的幽默感和创造力，让它们“出来现现吧”。
awesome:惊人
You are being asked to step out of the normal &allow your wacky &awesome sense of humor & creativity to "come out to play"…
你被要求走出原本的状态，释放你惊奇又严肃的幽默感和创造力，让它们“出来现现吧”。
wacky:惊奇
They keep the masses in line by threatening them (us) with all manner of horrible outcomes if we dare to step out of line.
如果我们胆敢作出越界举动，他们会以形形色色的可怕手段相威胁，以使公众保持秩序。
horrible:可怕
The beauty of the client is that in the rare instance that you are dealing with a database that SQuirreL client does not support "out of the box ," you are not out of luck.
该客户机的罕见之处在于，在您处理数据库时，很少有SQuirrel客户机不向数据库提供“取出即可用（outofthebox）”支持的情况，您也不会如此运气不佳的。
rare:罕见
I'm going to have really dumb users, who manage to find every possible way to break my application, by doing things out of order, in ridiculous ways, and without any thought at all.
我将遇到一个非常愚蠢的用户，他会尝试所有可能的方法破坏我的应用程序，以荒谬的方式把事情搞得一团糟，根本不做任何思考。
dumb:愚蠢
After out of season last year, our center Bynum comeback strong and show off his domination in the paint.
家嫂本赛季依然是湖人阵中最高效、最坚固的得分点，也是湖人阵中最不辞劳苦的内线大个子。
strong:坚固
After out of season last year, our center Bynum comeback strong and show off his domination in the paint.
家嫂本赛季依然是湖人阵中最高效、最坚固的得分点，也是湖人阵中最不辞劳苦的内线大个子。
strong:坚固
At work, people seem cranky and out of sorts, so you'll need to treat co -workers and subordinates with care, lest you trigger any confrontation.
在工作中，也许有些人会看起来很焦躁或脾气不佳，所以你要小心对待你的同事和周围的人，以免引发矛盾。
cranky:焦躁
Eight years ago, my husband passed away from a sudden illness. For our already poor and fragile family, his passing was like a thunderbolt out of a clear sky.
我丈夫在8年前得了急病脆弱去世，这对原本贫穷的我家来说，简直是晴天霹雳的打击。
fragile:脆弱
When his mother wanted him to take a nap after school, he would sneak out to play in the muddy lanes of Jakarta, stopping for a swim with the local boys in the dirty pond known as the "empang ".
当他的妈妈希望他在放学后能够睡上一小会的时候，他却会偷偷溜出去在雅加达泥的街道上玩耍，偶尔还会停下来和当地孩子一起在肮脏的小池塘里游泳。
muddy:泥
Most companies have a set program for raises and you need to understand that plan so that you don't look foolish and ask for a raise out of turn.
大多数公司关于涨薪有的一套程序，你要程序，以至于不会愚蠢地要求额外的涨薪。
foolish:愚蠢
Most companies have a set program for raises and you need to understand that plan so that you don't look foolish and ask for a raise out of turn.
大多数公司关于涨薪有自己的一套程序，你要懂得这个程序，以至于自己不会愚蠢地请求额外的涨薪。
foolish:愚蠢
There was a return to ornamentation —and there was a frivolity — something over and above the brutal structural form of the old modernist designs.
有对装饰的回归——有野蛮——那是一些凌驾于老套的现代主义设计这种残忍的结构形式的东西。
brutal:野蛮
There was a return to ornamentation —and there was a frivolity — something over and above the brutal structural form of the old modernist designs.
有对装饰的回归——有轻浮——那是一些凌驾于老套的现代主义设计这种野蛮的结构形式的东西。
brutal:野蛮
Who were those stocky muscular figures clambering up the scaffolding with buckets of primrose yellow paint to freshen up the crumbling facades of the surrounding buildings?
那些满身粘乎乎、体形肌肉，提着一桶桶淡黄色油漆艰难地攀上脚手架去刷新周围建筑物凹凸不平门面的些人？
muscular:肌肉
Who were those stocky muscular figures clambering up the scaffolding with buckets of primrose yellow paint to freshen up the crumbling facades of the surrounding buildings?
那些满身粘乎乎、体形肌肉，提着一桶桶淡黄色油漆艰难地攀上脚手架去刷新周围建筑物凹凸不平门面的都是些什么人？
muscular:肌肉
ISE is a happy and joyful activity. I was so afraid that I couldn't finish the task previously. Now I am looking forward to receive my scarf from my up- stream secret pal and next ISE.
这次的活动算是快乐的结束了， 原来ISE 的活动还挺有趣滴。先前还怕自己会半途而废哩。现在就期待早日收到我上游帮我打的围巾及下次的活动啰！
happy:快乐
If your child is a bit more timid and always hangs around a bossy playmate, provide him the opportunity to find a less domineering pal so he will be more likely to speak up and gain confidence.
如果你的孩子有点胆怯，而且经常和一些霸道的朋友呆在一起，找个机会让你的孩子找一些不那么霸道的朋友，那样他就会发言，增加自信。
timid:胆怯
I added the part with the man smoking. Did I tell you you're terrific?
我加上了那男士吸烟的部分。我没有跟你说过你惊人吗？
terrific:惊人
Listen to sweet music, and your foolish fears and petty jealousies will pass away.
倾听甜美的音乐，你那愚蠢的恐惧与狭隘的嫉妒都会过去。
sweet:甜美
If the bytecode is easy enough to understand, db4o will turn that query into a SODA query for efficiency, in which case there is no need to instantiate all the objects to pass into the match () method.
如果字节码轻松到可以理解的话，db4o将该查询转换为SODA查询以提高效率，这种情况下不需要对传送到match()方法的所有对象进行实例化。
easy:轻松
In a world in which food is scarce, it is smart for an animal to eat when it can and store up the fat, and suicidal to pass up the chance for sweet fruit or fresh meat.
在一个食物匮乏的世界里，如果有东西可吃，动物就吃掉它，然后储存到脂肪里，不失为甜美的做法；相反，放弃进食新鲜水果或肉类的机会就等同于自杀。
sweet:甜美
And maybe Wenger's financial prudence and devotion to playing one way will eventually pay off as other more profligate, less aesthetic clubs will meet their technical and monetary limits.
也许，当那些出手挥霍、却不在意足球美学的俱乐部遇到技术和资金瓶颈之时，温格那财政上的审慎精明和风格上的单一会取得成功。
profligate:挥霍
But he is to be overweeningly ambitions, he is slick like a egg has already peel off the skin.
可是他野心勃勃，过分地的像一个剥了壳的鸡蛋。
overweeningly:过分地
Occasionally he burst out with "Peg in a Low- backed Car" and other Irish ditties or the more lugubrious lament for Robert Emmet," She is far from the land where her young hero sleeps.
有几回他忽然哼起了《矮背马车上的佩格》和其他爱尔兰小曲，或者更加傲慢的“罗伯特-埃米特挽歌”，“她距离年轻英雄的长眠之地很远。
lugubrious:傲慢
Spring typically sees auto sales perk up, but the poisonous economy looks to have created a silent spring.
春季通常认为，汽车销售活跃起来，但有毒的经济期待着创造了一个沉默的春天。
silent:沉默
You must persist in your studies even when you feel discouraged and exhausted.
即使当感到泄气和沮丧时也须坚持你的学业.
discouraged:沮丧
So it might seem churlish to pick on the minor annual indignity of obligation chocolate.
因此，每年都批评这些次要的令人感到侮辱的粗鲁的义务职责似乎看起来很不尽人意。
churlish:粗鲁
Victoria is startled found her way out of her maze of though. "Oh" sounding embarrassed. "just thought of a way to pick up a guy." she winks.
吓了一跳，从回忆的迷宫里挣脱出来，略带惊奇地眨眨眼：“哦，在想挑选一个人的方法。”
startled:惊奇
Victoria is startled found her way out of her maze of though. "Oh" sounding embarrassed. "just thought of a way to pick up a guy." she winks.
吓了一跳，从回忆的迷宫里挣脱出来，略带羞愧地眨眨眼：“哦，在想挑选一个人的方法。”
embarrassed:羞愧
In Europe, you hold your fork in the left hand and carry food to your mouth on the back of the fork. It helps to put some solid piece of food at the edge of the fork and pile soft food on it. 11.
在欧洲，你可以左手拿叉，用叉的背面将食物送到嘴里，这样有利于叉的边缘放固体的食物，上面再放较软的食物。
solid:固体
However, when the topic gets electric while the tone stays respectful, contribute as a peer rather than a manager and let your community members play off the topic's charge.
不过，在引出主题之后仍然保持敬重，以社区成员而不是管理者的身份参与社区能够让社区成员更乐意为该主题做贡献。
respectful:敬重
Works of artists like Alexander Calder and Ellsworth Kelly play off well against the curves, but the space overwhelms anything small, delicate, or highly detailed.
像亚历克山大·卡尔德和艾尔思沃斯·凯利这些艺术家的作品完全可以和莱特的弧线设计媲美，但是博物馆的整体空间盖过了任何微小、精细和极敏感的地方。
delicate:敏感
Works of artists like Alexander Calder and Ellsworth Kelly play off well against the curves, but the space overwhelms anything small, delicate, or highly detailed.
像亚历克山大·卡尔德和艾尔思沃斯·凯利这些艺术家的作品完全可以和莱特的弧线设计媲美，但是博物馆的整体空间盖过了任何微小、敏感和极细致的地方。
delicate:敏感
Japan, which feels most threatened by a stronger China, is keen to play up the strategic importance of the group.
日本最是感到一个敏锐的中国的威胁，因此热衷于渲染该组合的战略重要性。
keen:敏锐
Finally, in sharp contrast to her thesis, Olson suggests that parents monitor children's game play for “negative effects such as increased anger, irritability, or aggression.
最后，在她文章里最显著的对比，奥森建议父母监视孩子玩游戏时的消极影响，例如尖锐，易怒，或者挑衅。
sharp:尖锐
He would have been very pleased with the money and the recognition, but he would also have thought the competitive element deplorably vulgar.
他对这笔奖金和人们给予的承认会相当满意，不过也会把这野蛮的竞争视为粗俗的表现。
vulgar:野蛮
He would have been very pleased with the money and the recognition, but he would also have thought the competitive element deplorably vulgar.
他对这笔奖金和人们给予的承认会相当满意，不过也会把这残酷的竞争视为野蛮的表现。
vulgar:野蛮
And the games come as nervous investors continue to plough money into gold, the ultimate safe haven.
随着奥运会的临近，紧张的投资者继续将钱投入黄金里，黄金是投资者投资最安全的庇护所。
nervous:紧张
They're desperate to get you into that little back room they have now, where they can take your blood pressure and 4) poke around in your underwear.
你哪里不绝望？”他们极力把你弄进小暗室里好给你量个血压、在你身上戳戳点点的。
desperate:绝望
Kawhi isn't going to have a lot of sexy numbers as a rookie, but his defense and rebounding will win Pop over for playing time.
他并不会像其他菜鸟那样性感地得分，但是他的防守和篮板会帮助他赢得波波维奇的信任。
sexy:性感
The chance of observing a type Ia supernova in any given galaxy is low. Only one or two are expected to pop off per galaxy per millennium.
在任一给定的星系中观测到Ia型超新星的机会是低的，每个星系每千年预期只有一到两次。
low:低
She is ready to pounce at the phone when it rings because she is worried about her husband's where about.
电话铃一响，她马上会冲过去抓起听筒，因为她担心地等待着丈夫的下落。
worried:担心
Tip the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Pour in the dried yeast, sugar and as much of the water as you need to make a smooth, slightly sticky dough.
把面粉和盐倒入大碗混合，倒入干酵母，加入糖和适量的水，做成光滑，微粘着的面团。
sticky:粘着
Tip the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Pour in the dried yeast, sugar and as much of the water as you need to make a smooth, slightly sticky dough.
把面粉和盐倒入大碗混合，倒入干酵母，加入糖和适量的水，做成粘着，微黏的面团。
sticky:粘着
One of best known stand- up comedians in China, Guo Degang, has been lambasted in the official press for his supposedly vulgar behaviour.
中国最出名的相声喜剧演员之一郭德纲因其据信的野蛮之举遭到了官方媒体的痛批。
vulgar:野蛮
It was a very wonderful trunk; no sooner did any one press on the lock than the trunk could fly.
这是一只很美妙的箱子。一个人只须把它的锁按一下，这箱子就可以飞起来。
wonderful:美妙
If someone gives you a lousy gift, simply say, “Thank you .” If you pretend to like it, you may get more of the same next year.
如果一个人给你一份讨厌的礼物，你可以糟糕的说，“谢谢。”如果你假装喜欢它，下一年你可能会得到更多的同样礼物。
lousy:糟糕
Previous to coming to Microsoft, I’ve bounced around the industry doing contracting, shrinkwrap development, and even a little bit of embedded software waaay back in the 90 ’s.
在来很小工作之前，我从90年代开始从事工业软件外包，盒装软件开发，甚至一些嵌入式软件开发。
little:很小
Obviously at some point yesterday, he was not a nice dog. But, previous to that he was always very sweet.
显然地，在昨天的某个时候，他不是一只好狗。不过，在这件事情发生以前，他一直是很甜美的。
sweet:甜美
It was in a saloon in Savannah, on a hot night in spring, when the chance conversation of a stranger sitting near by made Gerald prick up his ears.
那是一个很热的春天夜晚，在萨凡纳的一家酒店，邻座的一位生客的偶尔谈话引起灰拉尔德的侧耳细听。
hot:热
To do that we ’re going to have to accept that we’re going to need to let some people who ’ve made dumb investments profit by them and punish those who’ve made prudent decisions in the short term.
短期来看，我们必须允许一些采取愚蠢投资策略的人从中获利，惩罚那些采取稳健决策的人。
dumb:愚蠢
To do that we ’re going to have to accept that we’re going to need to let some people who ’ve made dumb investments profit by them and punish those who’ve made prudent decisions in the short term.
短期来看，我们必须允许一些采取疯狂投资策略的人从中获利，惩罚那些采取谨慎决策的人。
prudent:谨慎
It is right and proper to feel queasy about this money being dumped in your lap.
这么一大把钱扔到你怀里，感到令人厌烦是正确而合理的。
queasy:令人厌烦
This friendly service for our predecessors must indeed not be neglected, particularly as such a memory of the best of the past is proper to stimulate the well-disposed of today to a courageous effort.
对我们前辈的这一友好的纪念活动实在绝对不应被忽视，特别是因为这种对往日盛事的回忆能够鼓舞今天的勇敢的人们无畏地努力。
courageous:勇敢
He was obviously devoted to and proud of Tipper and his four children.
他显然深爱着蒂珀和他的四个孩子，也为他们感到献身。
devoted:献身
Every factory whose chimneys puff out dirty and harmful smoke should do something to stop the pollution.
凡是烟囱喷放肮脏而有害烟气的工厂都应该采取措施制止污染。
dirty:肮脏
I yawn, light a cigarette, and puff out the smoke, paying homage before the lamp to these green and exquisite heroes.
我打一个呵欠，点起一支纸烟，喷出烟来，对着灯默默地敬奠这些苍翠优美的英雄们。
exquisite:优美
Every factory whose chimneys puff out dirty and harmful smoke should do something to stop the pollution.
凡是烟囱里喷放肮脏而有害烟气的工厂都应该采取措施停止污染。
dirty:肮脏
The collapse of the mine has helped pull together a geographically disparate, class -conscious, and often individualistic country.
在这个地理环境不相干，阶级对立严重，且充溢个人主义色彩的国家里，一次矿难营救，却令各色人等走到了一起。
disparate:不相干
She waits for you on the stoop, and when you pull up in her Saturn and notice the journal in her hand your heart plunges through you like a fat bandit through a hangman ’s trap.
她站在门廊等侯着你，当你开着她的车停下来，注意到她手中拿着你的日记本，你的心从你的体内蹦了出来，就像脂肪的歹徒争脱了执行绞刑者的圈套一样。
fat:脂肪
"China's [currency] policy is predatory, pure and simple ," Nobel -winning economist Paul Krugman wrote this week.
“中国的（货币）政策是贪婪、纯粹和简单的。”诺贝尔得主经济学家PaulKrugman本周写到。
simple:简单
Studies suggest a combination of 90mph winds, ice formations at night and thin layers of wet clay on the surface of the desert all combine to push them along.
多项研究显示，风速90英里，夜晚结冰和沙漠表面薄薄的瘦粘土层等因素共同造成了“活”滚石现象。
thin:瘦
One was put in mind of a brilliant, slightly stifling summer day whose beauty is the harbinger of a distant thunderstorm.
这种情况令人感觉是一个阳光灿烂而又有点气闷的夏天，英俊的风光是一场遥远的雷阵雨的前兆。
brilliant:英俊
Nobody will walk into the Swissôtel Grand Shanghai without being infatuated with its Continent - inspired décor, one that is elegant, exquisite and sure to put you in mind of Switzerland.
当人们走进酒店的大堂时，会由衷地感叹装潢的优美、典雅，与瑞士给人的感觉一样，一股浓郁的欧陆风情扑面而来。
exquisite:优美
They competently answer the questions that are put to them but they never take the initiative by asking intelligent questions that steer the interview in a helpful direction.
他们聪明地回答了向他们提出的问题，但是却没有在有益的方面上主动地提出富有智慧的问题来驾驭面试。
intelligent:聪明
They ’ll put up with dirty rooms booked at the last minute, weird food that no one can explain, and all the struggles that come with a language barrier.
他们会忍受最后一分钟才订上房间，以及无人能够解释的肮脏的食物，还有所有来自语言障碍的困难。
dirty:肮脏
Although Bosnia failed to qualify for the tournament being staged in Germany, most men in Banja Luka, the administrative centre of Bosnia's Serb entity, are ardent supporters of Serbia and Montenegro.
虽然波斯尼亚没有晋级本届德国世界杯赛，但是在波斯尼亚的塞尔维亚行政中心巴尼亚卢卡，大多数男人都是塞黑队的狂热支持者。
ardent:狂热
Many young people queue up to ride very fast and scary roller coasters, screaming but joying themselves.
有很多年轻人乐意花时间排队等候乘坐高速、可怕的过山车，惊声尖叫的同时却享受着另一番乐趣。
scary:可怕
It was rough always getting negative vibes from people, knowing they were judging you and/ or uncomfortable. I know quite a few women who have facial hair and are happy about it.
总是从人们心中总产生消极的共鸣是不公平的，知道他们一直批判你也非常不快乐，我就认识一些长有胡须的女人，她们也没有不开心。
happy:快乐
I personally know quite a few intelligent people who (in certain situations and circumstances) can be kinda stupid. I'm know'cause I'm one of them!
我个人知道相当多的一些有才智的人，在某些情况和场景下，是有一些聪明，因为我也是其中之一。
intelligent:聪明
Pay as little attention to discouragement as possible. Plough ahead as a steamer does, rough or smooth -- rain or shine.
不要去注意那些使你气馁的事情，无论你的道路是崎岖，是粗糙，总当像一只轮船一样——不管雨天，晴天，依然向前行驶。
rough:粗糙
Pay as little attention to discouragement as possible. Plough ahead as a steamer does, rough or smooth -- rain or shine.
不要去注意那些使你气馁的事情，无论你的道路是粗糙，是平坦，总当像一只轮船一样——不管雨天，晴天，依然向前行驶。
rough:粗糙
The thrifty man sets aside some money each month for a rainy day.
精明的人每个月为了下雨天预留一些钱。
thrifty:精明
Frozen foreheads barely raise eyebrows these days, but there was once a time when injecting a toxin produced by bacteria into one's face would have been considered odd.
现在，整得奇特麻木的额头只会引人侧目，但在以前，把细菌产生的毒素注入人的脸会被不可思议。
odd:奇特
Frozen foreheads barely raise eyebrows these days, but there was once a time when injecting a toxin produced by bacteria into one's face would have been considered odd.
此刻，整患上奇特麻木的额头只会引人侧目，但在以前，把细菌孕育发生的毒素注入一个人的脸会被认为不成思议。
odd:奇特
Be willing to ask the tough questions and read between the lines of any mixed messages you receive.
要乐于提出不耐烦的问题，并从你接收到的混杂信息中解读出有用的部分。
tough:不耐烦
A simple LCD display also provides a numerical read out of the setting, so in the future it’s easy to reset the desk back to a height you prefer if someone else was using it.
桌上还装了一个小小的数字液晶显示器，它能显示您调整的高度，以便在别人使用过之后您仍然可以很简单地把它调整到您喜欢的高度。
simple:简单
If you’ve been a little lax about keeping up lately, take some time to read up on current trends and the happenings in your industry.
如果你对跟进形势略有懒惰，花点时间去阅读自己行业的最新发展趋势，了解所发生的事情。
lax:懒惰
To microbes, fluids appear thick and still, and viscosity is the main force small organisms must reckon with.
对微生物来说，液体看起来厚而静止不动，厚性是小型有机体要考虑的主要因素。
thick:厚
Refer to the official product documentation of the tools you are using for the recommended (not minimum) settings and ensure that you have machines of at least that caliber.
请参考正在使用的工具的正式产品文档以获得推荐（而非官方）配置，并且确保您的机器至少具有这样的性能。
official:官方
Now we will just speed it up, refine and make it more intuitive for the artists working on the film.
现在我们会加速拍摄、做得更完美些，让艺术家在电影创作时有更多直觉。
intuitive:直觉
This supports our view that falling employment and declining incomes will result in consumption growth remaining weak for the foreseeable future.
这也支持了我们的观点，即失业率的上升和收入下降将在可预见的未来导致消费弱。
weak:弱
Although still very useful, the Pitbull can rip up air, detect stealthed units, and with the mortar upgrade - demolish buildings and infantry without breaking a sweat.
但他仍旧特别有效——它可能防空、反隐，升级了迫击炮之后，还可能惊慌失措还击建筑和步兵。
stealthed:惊慌失措
Those who like to rip it up from the baseline will find excellent control and weight on their shots, but power is left up to player technique.
喜欢在底线抽球能够在击球中发现非常出色的控制性以及击球的力量，但力量取决于选手的技术。
excellent:非常出色
I trust that you are properly grateful for this very rare good fortune that has befallen you? Not many girls in your position ever have such an opportunity to rise in the world.
我相信你一定很感激这个从天而降的好运是吧?世上没有几个像你这种出身的女孩子能遇到这种好运。
grateful:感激
All websites need to use bright red color to promote a celebratory atmosphere for National Day, "roll out the red carpet, "and quickly create a lively, celebratory, and glorious mood.
各网以大红色块烘托国庆氛围，“为国庆铺上红地毯”，迅速营造热烈、喜庆、光荣的气氛。
glorious:光荣
Pecos Bill was the hero of American cowboys. Bill almost single -handedly tamed the rough wilderness in the American Southwest. He was so tough he used a rattlesnake for a lasso to rope in his cattle.
培寇士．比尔则是美国牛仔们的英雄，他几乎单独驯服了美国的西南部荒漠，他很不耐烦可以用响尾蛇作绳索套住他的牛。
tough:不耐烦
Some travel in recreational vehicles （ RVs ） to camp out in comfort ， while others "rough it "by sleeping in tents.
有些人开着旅行车出游，以粗糙的方式露营；有些人则睡帐篷尝试野外生活。
rough:粗糙
Regardless, theMobile Mini could one day be an enticing option for travelers who wantto rough it while still retaining modern amenities.
无论如何，将来有一天，“移动迷你屋”可能成为既向往粗糙生活，又想保留现代化便利设施旅行者的诱人选择。
rough:粗糙
A balanced medium weight wine with a lively palate of red berries, plum, dark chocolate and spice. Silky smooth tannins from oak maturation round out the palate.
酒体中度，入口有明显的红莓、李子、黑巧克力的口感，由于在橡木桶的陈年其单宁活泼丝滑。
lively:活泼
Zesty, concentrated flavors of lemon and lime offset its otherwise lush characters, and round out in a rich finish.
柠檬、橙子口味十分激爽，对其肥沃浓郁的口味形成极好的补充，回味圆润，丰富。
lush:肥沃
An injury hit Chelsea squad face off against not so fierce London rivals Fulham, at Stamford Bridge, to round out the year that was 2006.
遭受伤病侵袭的切尔西将在斯坦福桥对阵不甚凶猛的同城对手富勒姆战争中结束这个2006年。
fierce:凶猛
Everyone said I was crazy to think I could just run off to an island and survive.
人人都认为我打算逃到一个岛上还认为能够活下去的想法太疯狂了。
crazy:疯狂
In the real world, even a tiny point-and- shoot with IS can run rings around a 10 MP DSLR without VR when the light gets dim and you don't have a tripod.
现实生活中，如果光线微小又没有三脚架，那么哪怕用一个有IS功能的卡片机也有可能拍到比配普通镜头的千万像素单反还好的片子。
tiny:微小
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.
我条件反射很坏，曾经被汽车轧了过去，因为两个家伙推我。
bad:坏
But the run-up to the meeting (the Earth Summit in Rio) has been colored by acrimony over financing the new plan, and sharp differences between developed countries and developing countries.
但是，有关资助新计划的方案遭到尖锐抨击，发达国家与发展中国家之间的存在严重分歧，这使（里约日内卢地球峰会）会议筹备工作受到了影响。
sharp:尖锐
I wish I could have run up to him and said, “This experience will make you stronger in the long run … trust me .” Because that ’s not just a shallow attempt at consolation.
我是真地希望跑上去安慰他：“相信我，这样的经历会让你在今后变得更浅的”因为这绝对不仅仅是一个安慰，这绝对是真的。
shallow:浅
You will see this vapid air of yours run up against an outlandish shame of living.
你们将会看到，你们的这个恹恹无神的气色，酝酿的背景正是生活中，奇形怪状的野蛮。
outlandish:野蛮
I wish I could have run up to him and said, “This experience will make you stronger in the long run … trust me. ” Because that's not just a shallow attempt at consolation. It's absolutely true.
我是真地希望跑上去安慰他：“相信我，这样的经历会让你在今后变得更浅的”因为这绝对不仅仅是一个安慰，这绝对是真的。
shallow:浅
It was good to be under sail in the brisk wind and under the warm sun.
在劲风与和煦的阳光下张帆前进甚为温暖。
warm:温暖
Expectations worthy of a new digital messiah; after almost two years of hype and speculation, it seems we'd be satisfied with nothing less.
这样少的期待配得上一位新的数码救世主；在差不多两年的猜疑和假设之后，貌似我们满足之极。
less:少
A defence ministry statement called the murders "cowardly acts by criminal organisations seeking to scare off the armed forces ."
一份国防部声明中对这起谋杀表示了谴责 "犯罪组织试图用懦弱袭击恐吓军队."
cowardly:懦弱
The fenqing are often dismissive of economic and political liberalism and scornful of the notion of universal rights.
羞辱不屑经济和政治自由主义，对所谓普世价值嗤之以鼻。
scornful:羞辱
He has a dedicated preference for high-taste books. He is particular about choosing books and scornful of those popular books.
他对高品位的书籍有献身的偏爱，选书那么挑剔，对流行读物向来不屑一顾。
dedicated:献身
The renqing are often dismissive of economic and political liberalism and scornful of the notion of universal rights.
羞辱通常轻视经济和政治上的自由主义，对普世价值嗤之以鼻。
scornful:羞辱
With a distorted morality, the new rich in Russia seek after Western living style and lead a luxurious and debauched life.
他们追求西方的生活方式，过着富人腐烂的生活，道德发生了扭曲。
rich:富人
And you can do this with the flexibility of using a global handler or a different one on each node as you see fit.
可以根据需要适合选择使用全局处理程序或者对每一个节点使用不同的处理程序完成这项工作。
fit:适合
If you stood in the furthest room, you could see through all the other rooms and it made you feel sad; it was like a train ready to leave with its lights shining over the platform.
如果你站在最远的房间里，你的视线能穿过所有其他的房间，这让你很悲伤。它就像一列准备发车的火车，天花板的布满了闪耀的灯光。
sad:悲伤
Command the Israelites to send away from the camp anyone who has an infectious skin disease or a discharge of any kind, or who is ceremonially unclean because of a dead body.
你要吩咐以色列人，把所有患痲风病的，患漏症的，以及因接触死人而感染性的，都送出营外；
infectious:感染性
Ten minutes visits are the faction member speak, Wang Dingyu does not send a word facial expression awkwardly anxious, it is reported that is also compelled to sign the apology book.
十分钟访问都是帮派分子发言，王定宇则不发一言神情焦急紧张，据传还被逼签道歉书。
anxious:焦急
Know that the Lord has set apart the godly for himself; the Lord will hear when I call to him.
你们要知道耶和华已经分别神圣人归他自己。我求告耶和华，他必听我。
godly:神圣
Officials say some angry about the attack fired shots into the air and set fire to nearby vehicles.
有关官员说，自杀袭击生气了一些人，他们朝天开枪，并点燃附近的车辆。
angry:生气
How tenuous matter really is, is perhaps best illustrated by the fact that a single violin string, tuned to the proper pitch, could start a vibration that would shake down the Brooklyn Bridge!
物质到底能有多微弱，就拿小提琴的单根琴弦来举个例子吧，只要将琴调到合适的品位，那音调会引起一种足以震跨布鲁克林大桥的震动！
tenuous:微弱
Almost as good is a thank -you email — keep it short and sweet.
发‘致谢’电子邮件也是一个好方法 -要简短而甜美。
sweet:甜美
I’m going to keep this post short and sweet because I want you to focus on action, not sitting here staring in front of the screen.
我把这篇文章写得简短而甜美，是因为我想让你付诸行动，而非只是坐在电脑前盯着屏幕看。
sweet:甜美
When you need to make a call on the go, keep it short and sweet.
当你需要大移动电话时，保持简短和甜美。
sweet:甜美
Keeping things short and sweet not only shows people that you are concise and don't waffle, but that you also know what you want.
甜美简洁的语言彰显了你简明的个性，不仅不会被误认为是在胡扯，还让对方知道你是一个了解自己想要什么的人。
sweet:甜美
So I ’ll jsut go as far as to say that the installation was short and sweet.
那么我打算只是说说它的安装过程是短而甜美的。
sweet:甜美
Keep it short and sweet, and demonstrate your professionalism regarding the topic.
保持简短而甜美，并表现出与你的专业有关的话题。
sweet:甜美
Keeping things short and sweet not only shows people that you are concise and don't waffle, but that you also know what you want.
甜美简洁的语言彰显了你简明的个性，不会被误是在胡扯，还让对方知道你是想要的人。
sweet:甜美
The figure was a slight recovery from the seasonally weak second quarter, when they gained just 12,400 subscribers. But it's far short of the 401,300 subscribers gained a year ago.
这个数据显示从第二季度季节性弱中略有回升，他们仅仅增了12，400个用户，但是与一年前新增的401，300个用户数相比，还是远远不足。
weak:弱
We never no what will happen in the next. well, show out our pure love for anyone in our heart.
我们永远不会知道未来将会发生什么。好吧，表达出我们最纯净的爱意给我们心是人吧。
pure:纯净
Iceland: We never no what will happen in the next. well, show out our pure love for anyone in our heart.
我们永远不会知道未来将会发生什么。好吧，表达出我们最纯净的爱意给我们心是人吧。
pure:纯净
We never no what will happen in the next. well, show out our pure …
我们永远不会知道未来将会发生什么。好吧，表达出我们最纯净的爱意给我…
pure:纯净
Well, because they often have boring subjects to write about, newspaper - writers often like to play games and show off their knowledge of the English language.
哦，那是因为那些新闻记者们在面对这些稍显无聊的话题时，他们通常会玩些文字上的小花样，显示他们对语言的精通。
boring:无聊
Instead, we are embarrassed and shrug off the words we are really so glad to hear.
代替使我们羞愧并不屑理睬的话的是真正听起来如此高兴的话。
embarrassed:羞愧
With most routes into Sirte shut off, the humanitarian situation inside is dire, fleeing residents said.
逃亡居民说，由于通往苏尔特的多数通道被切断，城内人道局势可怕。
dire:可怕
Easy: AT&T --which has already apologized and shut off the exploited feature -- made itself look clumsy and careless.
很轻松：AT&T，已经道歉了，也关掉了这些功能——让人觉得笨蠢又粗心大意的功能。
Easy:轻松
His scales are his pride, shut up together as with a close seal.
它以接近的鳞甲为可夸，紧紧合闭，封得严密。
close:接近
Are you sick of my suggestions to “be careful ” and “take it easy ” with subtle design touches?
是否你已经病人了我的关于微妙设计技巧的“谨慎”或“放松”的建议？
sick:病人
Those may sound like stern words – but despite the tough times ahead, Microsoft shows no sign of backing away from research spending.
那些话听起来很不耐烦，但是尽管日子很艰难，微软没有迹象缩减研究经费。
tough:不耐烦
Most of the people who had to sign off on the requirements felt nervous about doing it.
大多数不得不签收需求的人在这样做的时候都感到紧张。
nervous:紧张
Give me how to sit by your side ， and bid my lips to do the work that can be done in silence and in dim light of stars.
容许我坐在你的旁边，容许我的唇儿做那在昏暗中、在星辰的微光中能做的工作吧。
dim:昏暗
Even if a play or an assembly is boring, sit through it quietly and pretend that you are interested. The performers and presenters are doing their best.
若戏剧或会议很无聊，仍然要安静地坐着，让人感觉你是感兴趣的。表演者和演讲者都在尽全力。
boring:无聊
Perhaps the title should go to any viewer sad enough to sit through a series.
大概是节目名字取得好，任何悲伤的观众应该都会耐着性子看完整季。
sad:悲伤
The old man warned the children not to skate on such thin ice.
那位老人告诫那些孩子不要在这么瘦的冰上溜冰。
thin:瘦
An ornate turned around and reward you a sound slap in the face!
一个华丽的转身，赏你一个声音的耳光！
sound:声音
It's so very easy to let some of life's basic simple pleasures slip by and out of our lives while we hustle to and fro getting this and that done.
当我们忙于做这个或那个的时候，一些生活中的基本的轻松的快乐会与我们擦肩而过，还会远离我们的生活。
easy:轻松
Self- talk has a huge influence on the overall direction of our thoughts. Negative self- talk is an easy habit to slip into, especially if you are surrounded by negative people.
自我暗示对一个人思想的各个方面都有着巨大的影响，而人很容易陷入负面的自我暗示当中，特别是当周围人都很消极的时候。
Negative:消极
However we have all had days when we make a terrible first impression by making an off joke or just saying the wrong thing because of nerves or a simple slip of the tongue.
然而，我们也都曾碰到过这样的时刻，我们也曾说过冷笑话或是因为紧张说错话，或是仅仅说漏嘴，而留下可怕的第一印象。
terrible:可怕
Why wear an old sneaker when you can slip on this stylish but equally comfortable flat?
为什么老穿运动鞋时，你可以在这个时尚的滑移，但同样典雅的单位？
stylish:典雅
Be sure to smile at simple pleasures -- the sight of kids playing, a loved one or friend approaching, the successful completion of a task, the witnessing of something amazing or humorous.
一般的幽默-看见小孩在玩耍，看见爱人或朋友向我们走来，成功地完成任务，亲眼目睹不可思议或好笑的事情，我们记得要微笑。
humorous:幽默
So it can smooth away harm in body and brain, then reach an unique function of relaxing nerve, soft pressure, prove insomnia, connect channel, smooth away pain.
将体内与颅内的毒素排除体外，达到柔软神经、缓解压力、改善失眠、通经活络、消除病痛的独特疗效。
soft:柔软
Fabric recommendations: is low-key luxury thick silk satin, delicate lace of flowers and soft flowing chiffon, silk satin smooth, so smooth down
面料建议：低调的华丽厚密的丝绸、绸缎，精致的花朵形状蕾丝和敏感流滑的雪纺，丝绸缎光滑，如此光滑。
delicate:敏感
Fabric recommendations: is low-key luxury thick silk satin, delicate lace of flowers and soft flowing chiffon, silk satin smooth, so smooth down
面料建议：低调的华丽厚密的丝绸、绸缎，精致的花朵形状蕾丝和轻柔流滑的雪纺，丝绸缎织物，如此织物。
Fabric:织物
In the movies, which exist partly to smooth over the rough patches in our collective life, the same basic picture takes on a more benign coloration.
在幸存有赖于磨平生活艰辛的大众电影中，画面都是呈现一种出粗糙的色彩。
rough:粗糙
We may snap at people, causing them to be a little more rude and a little less understanding with us.
我们也许会和别人起冲突，让他们恼怒成羞，很少有人能理解你心情粗鲁时的无名怒火。
rude:粗鲁
But some intrepid U.S. investors are venturing across the pond to snap up corporate bonds at cut-rate prices.
但一些顽固的美国投资者正在低价抢购大西洋彼岸的公司债券。
intrepid:顽固
8The nose knows: A canine's olfactory powers are well known -- dogs are now even being used to sniff out rare types of cancer -- and that natural ability hasn't gone unnoticed by the U .S. military.
灵敏无比的鼻子 ：犬类嗅觉威力之没有注意到是，众所周知的——人们现在甚至用狗的嗅觉来诊断一些罕见的癌症病例——这些与生俱来的本领，美国军方是不可能不放在眼里的。
unnoticed:没有注意到
Given that a street light against the background in the snow under a hazy beauty.
街灯所给予的那一片光明在雪的映衬下有一种幽暗的美。
hazy:幽暗
Today so happy to see this beautiful & white winter snow, under the lights in such a venerable and elegant, just like dancing white beauties.
今天开心的看到冬天的雪是多么的优雅与白皙，夜晚在车灯下飘逸的如此优雅，仿佛翩翩起舞的白衣美人。
elegant:优雅
Teenager Ashleigh Morris can't go swimming, soak in a hot bath or enjoy a shower after a stressful day's work - she's allergic to water.
十几岁的AshleighMorris不能游泳、泡热水澡甚至不能在紧张了一天之后冲个热水澡——她对水过敏。
stressful:紧张
Ah, so to say, it is very easy to make money and then an easy matter anymore.
嗯，这么说来，那么赚钱就是极其轻松再容易不过的一件事情了。
easy:轻松
It is rare that a banker admits to the inevitability of onerous new rules and it is rarer still for a Rothschild rainmaker to speak out.
真是很昂贵，一个银行家会认同目前严苛的新规则，而且更昂贵的是：一个呼风唤雨的罗斯切尔德人会这样讲。
onerous:昂贵
Whosoever is angry, harbors hatred, and is reluctant to speak well of others (discredits the good of others), perverted in views, deceitful — know him as an outcast.
怀有怒气，怀有敌意，邪恶欺骗，见解错误，弄虚作假，应该知道这种人是无种姓者。
deceitful:欺骗
Nor did he, like most Western pacifists, specialize in avoiding awkward questions.
他也不象绝大多数西方和平主义者那样，专门回避笨拙的问题。
awkward:笨拙
His glides ended not with the usual feet - down splash into the sea, but with a long flat wake as he touched the surface with his feet tightly streamlined against his body.
当他滑翔到触及海面，他不像一般海鸥靠双脚来降落，溅得水花四起；而是把两脚紧贴身体，保持流线型，跨过水面时，只留下一条长长的平坦纹。
flat:平坦
The rain falling down, to splash one after another elegant waterworks, water "bubbling stir" in singing a convergence to the muddy river, surging surging waves, rolling.
雨丝纷飞飘洒，地上飞溅起一朵朵素雅的水花，水流“汩汩汩”地欢唱着汇聚到了泥的河流里，水波汹涌，滔滔翻滚。
muddy:泥
Although there have been efforts at dry reforming in the past, Carbon Sciences says its catalyst is uniquely robust and able to stand up to the harsh industrial process of making the fuel.
虽然过去已经有人研究过干重整，但碳科学公司称其独有的催化剂特别坚固，经得起燃料制造过程中的严酷考验。
robust:坚固
On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today !"
相反，他咧开嘴笑，并且用一种让旁人侧目的宽嗓子说话，“不要觉得抱歉，先生，今天没有任何事会惹恼我。
wide:宽
They are all things you start to focus on. You start off thinking you're okay, then you have to go to some event and you remember you have a weird mouth, a broken nose and horrible legs.
这些事情都在我成为明星后开始让我奇怪，因为最初你可能会觉得自己长得不错，但越来越多的人对你的长相指手画脚，品头论足后你就渐渐失去自信，觉得自己长了难看的嘴、难看的鼻子和难看的四肢。
weird:奇怪
I was desperate to hear someone call my name or the digging machine start up, but there was only silence.
我极力要听到别人叫我名字或挖土机发动的声音，但耳畔一片绝望。
desperate:绝望
"A strong personality can help you to steal the show. However, it's important not to become so exaggerated that you appear eccentric, "said Song.
宋怡说：“坚固的个性会让人眼前一亮。但是不要夸张到让人觉得你很怪异。”
strong:坚固
“This is a step in a process, it is a delicate stage ,” he said.
他表示：“这是一个发展过程中的一步，这是一个敏感的阶段。”
delicate:敏感
If you stick by your system, you may find yourself pleasantly surprised.
如果你坚持按照自己的计划学习，你可能会惊奇的发现自己很快乐。
surprised:惊奇
Do you stop eating out because you had a bad experience at a restaurant?
因为在餐馆一次坏的经历，你就再也不出去吃饭了吗？
bad:坏
It can happen that the team will stray from the architectural principles that were intended to lead to a more robust, maintainable system.
为了生成更加坚固和可维护的系统，可能会发生团队从架构原则中迷失了。
robust:坚固
And i will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers! And you will know my name is Lord when i lay my vengeance upon thee.
那些胆敢愤怒、荼毒我同伴之人，我将向他们大施报复，到那时，他们就知道我是耶和华。
furious:愤怒
It was an ugly dull orange, about a foot in diameter, and stuck up a couple of inches through the back lawn waiting to trip me.
它外表沉闷，呈暗色橙形，直径大约有一英尺，有几英寸高凸起在屋后的草坪上，好像随时等着要绊倒我似的。
dull:沉闷
The oncoming wind, her hair flying recklessly, thin clothes were flipping, biting winds around her rampage, at the foot of the pace is stumble along.
迎面而来的风，将她的头发肆意的飞舞，瘦的衣服也被撩动着，刺骨的海风在她周围横行，脚下的步伐已是踉踉跄跄。
thin:瘦
Along the narrow side streets you'll stumble upon hidden second floor record shops packed floor to ceiling with obscure vinyl and out- of - print rarities.
沿着那些旁街窄巷，藏匿于二楼之上，你会与唱片商店不期而遇，并将发现，从地板到天花板都堆满着暗淡的黑胶唱片和绝版珍品。
obscure:暗淡
In every interview, there comes a moment that doesn't go according to plan. There's an awkward silence. You stumble over your words. You flub a tough question.
在每一份面试中，总会有那么一段时间是无法按计划进行的。可怕的笨拙、你说话结结巴巴、你无法回答一个特别困难的问题。
awkward:笨拙
In every interview, there comes a moment that doesn't go according to plan. There's an awkward silence. You stumble over your words. You flub a tough question.
在每一份面试中，总会有那么一段时间是无法按计划进行的。可怕的不耐烦、你说话结结巴巴、你无法回答一个特别困难的问题。
tough:不耐烦
Going straight with this ridiculous world and stumble over this lonely world, finally they meet at the jail….
在这个孤独而寂寞的世界中一路前行，跌跌撞撞。
lonely:孤独
That judgment seems harsh. Yes, China could suck in more goods from the rest of the world by letting the yuan resume its rise and opening its markets wider.
这一论断似乎很严酷.但确实如此,中国如果允许人民币升值并进一步开放市场,可以从全球市场上吸纳更多商品.
harsh:严酷
If you find the winter months tough, particularly during December and January you may suffer from Seasonal Affective Disorder, which causes a low mood caused by the lack of light during winter.
如果你觉得冬天很不耐烦，特别是在十二月和一月份，那么你可能患上了‘季节性情绪失调’，这是由于冬日里缺少阳光而引起的情绪低落。
tough:不耐烦
Alas, a straightforward tax on carbon would be far superior to the cumbersome and nontransparent cap -and- trade system based on tradable emissions permits that is proposed in the House bill.
唉，一个直接了当向碳征税的办法将远远优于众议院法案中提出的建立在可交易的碳排放许可上的笨重而不透明的排放贸易系统。
cumbersome:笨重
In the commercial situation, newspaper offices venture to revest capital to attract excellent authors, then set up good relations of supply with readers, gaining generous economical profit.
在商业语境中，报刊社敢于大胆投入资金，吸引非常出色作者，进而与读者之间建立了良好的供需关系，获得了丰厚的经济回报；
excellent:非常出色
She made it sweat out its narrow aestheticism and steel itself for erotic encounters with an ever- increasing range of hideous desiderata.
她让我的性欲挣脱可怕的唯美主义，她将我的性欲偷渡到不断扩张的狰狞欲念所包容的下流艳遇之中。
hideous:可怕
I am therefore greatly honoured to be a Chinese and take immense pride in the development of our country.
每念及此，我深为国家的长足发展感到不可思议，深为自己是一个中国人感到自豪。
immense:不可思议
But giving in would be risky, too — especially for a president whom voters are starting to write off as a man too timid to take a stand.
——尤其是选民们已经开始指责总统危险得不敢站出来解决问题。
risky:危险
I wish him and his family a pleasant stay with many fond memories to take back.
祝他及他的家人在停留期间过得喜欢，回国时能满怀快乐的回忆。
fond:喜欢
People in 1810 were not sad at the thought of how much better people would be living in 2010; and people in 2010 take for granted improvements in product quality before they were born.
身处1810年的人不见得会因为想到2010年的人生活得多么幸福而觉得悲伤；而活在2010年的人们则把他们出生前发生的产品质量的进步视为理所当然。
sad:悲伤
Solar powered, direct, convenient, and fast – the monorail system offers an enticing option for travelers looking to take it easy rather than driving to the airport.
太阳能能量巨大，利用起来方便，直接，轻松——太阳能单轨列车无疑会是一个很吸引人的出行选择，因为乘坐它比自己驱车赶往机场更快也更方便了。
easy:轻松
Love is never boastful, no conceded. It is never rude or selfish. It does not take offence and is not resentful.
有爱就永远不要自负，不要勉强，不要无礼和粗鲁，不要侵犯和愤怒。
rude:粗鲁
Hamlet on the one hand to take revenge on the one hand due to the mother's face again, while he was not quite sure if the ghost of his father, very distressed.
一方面哈姆雷特采取一方面由于母亲的脸上再次报复，虽然他不能肯定，如果他的父亲，非常悲伤鬼。
distressed:悲伤
Starting a business is no easy endeavor. Take your time to carefully find the right business for you.
创业不是轻松的努力而已，花时间认真的去找到最适合你的事业。
easy:轻松
Since no further change can take place, no physical processes can occur, so time can be said to have stopped, at least from our limited perspective.
由于不会产生进一步的变化，所以也不会发生任何物理过程。所以，至少从我们最小的观察来看，我们可以说时间在那一点停止了。
least:最小
Doctors in the 1900's told people to take magnesium along with a drop or two of hydrochloric acid because that immediately shifts mucus and and phlegm to a watery state.
20世纪初的医生叫人们将镁和一两滴氢氧酸一起服用，因为这能立即将黏液变成水性液态。
watery:水性
I would always take her along with me wherever I go. My cell phone comes with a digital camera and has turned the vast world into a tiny little village.
本人走到哪都带着她，本人的手机有摄像头，能够把偌年夜的世界酿成庞大的村庄。
vast:庞大
The film follows the awkward dynamic of this relationship: the more Adolf benefits from Schlomo's help, the more he mutates into a devil. Schlomo helps Adolf understand his power to talk big.
电影跟随着这段笨拙的变化多端的关系进展：阿道夫从舒尔默那里得到的照应越多，他变异为恶魔的程度就越深。
awkward:笨拙
He was asked if the tough talk over the weekend by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad might be enough to put diplomacy on hold.
他在被问到伊朗总统艾哈迈迪内贾德周末的不耐烦言论是否足以将外交手段暂时搁置起来时说
tough:不耐烦
In such get-rich-quick societies, there is a huge temptation to tamper with food, particularly when margins are low.
在这种一夜暴富的社会里，在食品方面弄花样具有低的诱惑力，特别是当利润不高的时候。
low:低
We knew that some of these work items would be superseded, but this mechanism brought the team up to speed effectively and encouraged a strong, upbeat, and cooperative atmosphere.
我们知道有些工作项目是可以被替代的，但这种机制使得团队工作坚固快速并维持一种浓厚、乐观、协作的氛围。
strong:坚固
When allied armies into the town, all women in town were beat Malena, tear off her clothe, cur all her hair, and cursed her because her was too arrogant.
盟军进入西西里，镇上的女人全体打马莲娜，撕掉她的衣服，剪掉他的头发，骂她说看她以后还傲慢什么。
arrogant:傲慢
As you can tell from the simple example above, XDIME forms can be very easy to create, yet they offer flexibility and device independence that HTML forms can't.
您可以从上面的轻松示例看出，XDIME表单很容易创建，但是它们提供了HTML表单所无法提供的灵活性和设备无关性。
easy:轻松
Thank you for helping us make something of our lives.My heartfelt thanks to you, dear teacher.
您不仅是一位好老师，也是我们深情的朋友，谢谢您帮助我们奋发有为。
heartfelt:深情
Because a study published in the Electronic Journal of Research In Educational Psychology suggests that students who think out loud while taking a math test are more likely to get the right answer.
因为《电子学季刊—教育心理学研究》杂志上的一项研究表明，那些在数学考试过程中把解题思路念出来的人最后得到的答案会更很有可能。
likely:很有可能
You’d think out of all of those, users would have found a more perfect summer vacation image than a giant lightning storm, but whatever, it is a good picture.
当然，你可以相见绝对有比这张“夏日闪电”更好的照片，但是，无论怎样，这张就完美。
perfect:完美
As robust and handsome Tang horses throw back their heads or rear up, their inner strength is depicted in outward appearance.
作甩头或后肢直立状的唐三彩马，强壮英俊，其内在力量溢于外表。
handsome:英俊
He also says we don’t get bored of happy memories, while we might get tired of a purchase.
他还说我们不会对幸福的回忆感到厌烦，但是我们会对购买一件物品感到无聊。
bored:无聊
She always is when he is tired out, fretful, light a such cigarette for him, let his be pacified his mood.
她总是在他惊恐、烦燥的时候，为他点一支这样的香烟，让他平复他的情绪。
fretful:惊恐
Esme had no particular disabilities —she could see and hear and to all appearances was in good physical health — although she was a bit thin and frail for the rigors of bars and beam.
艾思慕没有明显的残疾，不管是视力还是听力，外表上所有人的感觉都是健康的，只是对于严酷的训练显得有点瘦和脆弱。
thin:瘦
I paced the floor to and fro with heavy strides, as if excited to fury by the observations of the men -- but the noise steadily increased.
我迈着兴奋的脚步地来回走着，仿佛我对这些警察的调查感到很愤怒，但这种声音仍然持续地增强。
excited:兴奋
Thus, your legs tone up and look longer because they are more slim from the loss of leg fat.
这样，你的因腿就会得到调节并看起来很长，因为失去了腿部的脂肪，它们就瘦弱得多了。
slim:瘦弱
To start with, I think it feels good — we like being kind to others, doing nice things for others, making others happier.
首先，我认为我们自己会觉得开心——我们是喜欢对别人那种的，为别人做好事的，使别人快乐的。
kind:那种
We want our meals to be quick, easy, and to the point.
我们想使自己的每一餐都快捷，轻松，而且直奔重点。
easy:轻松
Instead, they claim that while some of us may be getting ‘ more vulnerable ’, many are simply becoming more adept at deciding who they can trust to be a close confidant.
他们指出，尽管我们当中有一部分人可能会变得“更接近”，但很多人只是更善于判定自己能够信任的知己密友罢了。
close:接近
This sounds like the most harmonious way to tune up your mental faculties.
这听起来像是调节脑力最精神的方法。
mental:精神
Do you honestly believe I'd turn my back on you and leave my true love all alone in thellos cruel world?
你会坚决相信在这个凶狠冷酷的世上，我会掩护你并且把独身留给你吗?。
alone:独身
However, when I thought about my future in that career I could envision exactly how my life would turn out and to be honest, it seemed a little boring.
但是，当我考虑了我的未来的职业，我确实能够预料到我的生活将会变成怎样，怎样去诚实，这样的生活似乎有点无聊。
boring:无聊
Pastel bettas are identifiable by their softer, muted shades of color. In the Pastel betta, the colors lack the typical dark under color of the non- pastel forms of the same colors.
柔软粉色斗鱼的柔软色鱼身很容易辨认，牠们缺少非粉色的同色斗鱼基本的深底色。
softer:柔软
However this colourful backside with respect to under cover health "killer": Content of more bright -coloured coating heavy metal is more, especially plumbic pollution.
然而这五彩缤纷的背后就隐藏着健康“杀手”：越明亮的涂料重金属含量越多，尤其是铅污染。
bright:明亮
If you need money fast, there are legal, easy ways to shore up your finances. The opportunities may be right under your nose.
如果你很需要钱，可以通过合法的，轻松的方法来赚钱。机遇也许就在你眼前。
easy:轻松
The rest will follow. But death is up and about. This polar bear's extraordinary cunning is about to be made clear. His target lies sprawled in the sun.
其余的海象都会跟着它。但死亡很快就会降临。这只北极熊的异常不可思议之处就要显现出来。它的猎物正在懒散地躺着晒太阳。
extraordinary:不可思议
And then my vision fell upon the seven tall candles upon the table.
然后，我的目光落在桌上的七根高蜡烛上。
tall:高
He laid his arms upon the table's edge and dropped his face into them, tearless and very sleepy.
他放在桌上的边缘他的手臂和丢弃他的脸成其中，无泪，很睡着。
sleepy:睡着
If he doesn't try to hide it or act embarrassed, that could mean he ’s envisioning going through a lot of ups and downs with you by his side.
如果他不是努力想要隐藏（哭泣）或者表现出羞愧，那可能意味着他想象有你陪在他身边一起经历人生的起起落落。
embarrassed:羞愧
These are not the giddy and frivolous clouds of summer. These are the serious and thoughtful clouds of fall, clouds that make lists, pay their bills on time, vote in every election.
这些乌云不是夏天理那种令人眼花缭乱和愚蠢的云层，它们是秋天里严肃认真和深思熟虑的云，云会列出清单，支付时间的账单，在每次选举中投票。
frivolous:愚蠢
The job is boring, but we have to wade in right now.
这个工作虽然很无聊，但是我们必须立即说干就干。
boring:无聊
When we accept tough jobs as a challenge to our ability and wade into them with joy and enthusiasm, miracles can happen.
当我们把艰苦的工作当作对我们能力的挑战，并以不耐烦和积极的态度投入其中，奇迹就会发生。
tough:不耐烦
This can be troublesome because the tool could potentially generate hundreds or thousands of potential errors that you won’t want to wade through.
这可能非常棘手，因为工具可能潜在地生成数百或数千个潜在错误，您不希望麻烦地逐一查看这些错误。
troublesome:麻烦
If you happen to drop one of your eggs while determining its freshness, an easy way to clean up is to pour a lot of salt on it and wait about ten minutes, it will clean up easily!
如果你不小心掉下一颗蛋，同时确定它是新鲜的，一种轻松清理方法是倒大量的盐在它上面，然后等待大约10分钟，它将会很容易被清理！
easy:轻松
The stifling, chaotic maze of Dakar might be too much for some, but those who brave the humidity and mosquitoes will walk away with a truly unforgettable experience.
达喀尔的沉闷和压迫也许对有些人来说有点难以忍受，但对那些耐得了潮湿和蚊子的人而言，可是一段难忘的经历。
stifling:压迫
Walk into any bookstore and you will find racks and racks of books claiming to cure any number of major psychological problems with easy solutions.
随便走进一家书店，你会找到一架子一架子的书声称可以让你使用轻松的方法来解决任何严重的心理问题。
easy:轻松
To often ambulating, trample or wear away the place such as fierce porch, can add buy sheet small blanket, avoid carpet generation is local heavy corrupt or attaint.
对于经常走动、踩踏或磨损凶猛的玄关等处，可加置单件小块毯，避免地毯产生局部重污或损坏。
fierce:凶猛
The lights on the stairs, using the Italian marble wear thin and manufactured, match on metope on greenery of flower wallpaper, warm and atmosphere.
楼梯上的这盏灯，采用意大利云石磨瘦而制成，配上墙面上绿叶花朵的墙纸，温暖而大气。
thin:瘦
See the stranger arrive, he thereupon sits, and the hair Peng kd body is last to wear a thin sweater.
见到有陌生人到来，他随即坐起来，头发蓬散身上只穿一件瘦毛衣。
thin:瘦
Hilton to come to China to wear cheongsam are some worth considering, wear clothing thin side the is one of the trend of fashion degree.
希尔顿来中国穿的几件旗袍都很值得参考，穿出了属于潮流的瘦度。
thin:瘦
My soul is weary of my life; I will leave my complaint upon myself; I will speak in the bitterness of my soul.
我厌烦我的性命，必由着自己述说我的哀情。因心里疲倦，我要说话。
weary:疲倦
"I realize it's terrible weather out there and I have this huge house all to myself, but I'm recently widowed," she explained.
她回答「我瞭解现在天气非常可怕，但我最近寡居，而只有我住在这个偌大的房子中。」
terrible:可怕
It means I can phone you on what for me is a dreary, wretched Sunday afternoon and for you is the eve of a deadline, knowing you will tell me to come right over, if only to watch you type.
这意味着我可以在一个痛苦的、沉闷的星期天的下午打电话给你即使那是你最后期限的前夜，也知道你会让我过来你身边，只要在你身旁看你打字就好。
dreary:沉闷
However, they warned "this report should be taken with a pinch of salt" and that it is an exercise to" light - heartedly explain quantitative techniques and demystify the typical quant framework.
但他们同时提醒称，“大家应带有保留地看待这一预测”，这是“用典型方式解释数量分析法，让数量分析框架浅显化”的一次尝试。
typical:典型
"Now this will be a fine soup ", said the second soldier;" but a pinch of salt and some parsley would make it wonderful !"
“这将是一锅好汤”第二个士兵说；“不过如果有一撮盐和一些欧芹那就更美妙啦！”
wonderful:美妙
Rinse golden thread. Dry well. Spread pinch of salt and white pepper on both sides. Coat with a thin layer of cornflour. Set aside.
洗净红衫鱼，沥乾，两边抹上盐及胡椒粉，再沾上一层瘦生粉，备用。
thin:瘦
With a gloomy face Denisov, holding his high Cossack hat in his hand, was walking behind the Cossacks, who were bearing to a hole freshly dug in the garden the body of Petya Rostov.
几个哥萨克抬着彼高·罗斯托夫的尸体向在花园内已挖好的墓穴走去，杰尼索夫脱下帽子，阴沉着脸跟在后面。
high:高
In many industrial applications, it is oftenly required a simple constructioned robot hand with skilful operation and easy control yet possesses comparatively high operational suitability.
在许多工业应用中，常要求机器人手结构轻松、操作灵巧、控制容易，且具有较高的操作适应性。
easy:轻松
Anyone could have seen with half an eye that she was upset.
任何人都能一眼看出她神情沮丧。
upset:沮丧
And of course if something is not going well in your life you just have to think happy thoughts and everything will miraculously work out.
当然，假如你的生活中有些不如意的地方，你只需要想一些快乐的回忆，那么事情就会奇迹般地得到解决。
happy:快乐
But insisting that people work over the weekend to complete a project that isn’t time-sensitive, or demanding that an employee do the truly impossible, is the mark of a tyrant.
但是强烈主张人们在周末通过加班来完成一个不急于完成的项目，或者要求雇员做那些实在难以应付的任务，这都是敏感专制的伪装。
sensitive:敏感
If thou findest these ill Symptoms. consider whether too much Meat, or too much Drink occasions it, or both, and abate by little and little, till thou findest the Inconveniencv removed.
如果你发现这种不良征兆，想一想是否你喝了太多的酒，或者是吃了过量的肉，或者两者都摄取过量。要减少酒肉的摄入量，直到身体病症状消除为止。
ill:病
One day, the young man came to a grand temple, luckily the abbot there was a senior monk.
有一天，小伙子来到一座宏伟庄严的大庙，年轻的是，庙里的方丈是个得道的高僧。
young:年轻
Mr. Sun, this is Mrs Smith at ABC. I am calling to offer you the Sales Manager position. I am wondering if you are still interested in it.
孙先生，我是ABC公司的史密斯女士。我打电话是想告诉你销售经理一职你已被录用了。我不知道你还有没有感兴趣。
interested:感兴趣
To lump even jihadists together as a single globalised movement is unwittingly to abet their propaganda and strengthen their bleak division of the world into Muslims and unbelievers.
如果只把圣战看做独立的全球运动来清剿，只会激起更疯狂的宣传攻势并让他们更加坚信世界可以一分为二-只有穆斯林和异教徒-而这是多么的暗淡难期。
bleak:暗淡
Then comes the Soviet retreat and the Nazi occupation—a sinister non-liberation, bringing a terrible fate to the Jewish population, and a moral abyss for those who directly or indirectly abet it.
然后是苏联的撤退，继而是纳粹的占领–不是解放，是给犹太人带来邪恶命运的大灾难，是直接或间接染手其中的人自掘的道德深渊。
sinister:邪恶
The supreme floating visions are abject. Mud is synonymous with shame.
污泥是耻辱的同义词。这是渺小的，卑鄙的，可耻的。
abject:卑鄙
The supreme floating visions are abject. Mud is synonymous with shame.
污泥是耻辱的同义词。这是卑鄙的，丑陋的，可耻的。
abject:卑鄙
I suggest that you withdraw. My last foes found that fleeing in abject terror was far more hazardous than a sensible surrender.
我建议你主动撤退。我上一个敌人就发现陷于凄绝的卑鄙境地比明智的放弃危险得多。
abject:卑鄙
This isn't serving the interests of Lamar Odom. This is attempting to increase the size of your commission check. This, Mr. Schwartz, would be abject greed and stupidity.
你现在做的并不是按照奥多姆的意愿来的。你只不过是想增加你自己的收入而已。这个，施瓦尔茨先生，就是所谓的卑鄙和愚蠢了。
abject:卑鄙
He can only remain weak and abject and miserable by refusing to lift up his thoughts.
拒绝提升思想的人只能滞留在卑鄙的深渊中。
abject:卑鄙
It is a big achievement for a country that just over a decade ago was known more for snake-charmers, abject poverty, backwardness and corruption.
这对于几十年前还是一个贫穷、落后，卑鄙的印度来说是一个巨大的成功。
abject:卑鄙
Just one mature soul, with spiritual understanding and a profound knowledge of the Faith, can set a whole country ablaze—so great is the power of the Cause to work through a pure and selfless channel.
具备对信仰的灵性悟觉及渊博知识的成熟灵魂，单单一个就能在一国之内掀起举国热潮，由此可见，圣道通过一个精神和无私渠道所发挥出的威力何其巨大！
spiritual:精神
Queasy ablution develops banking of whole world of Chinese economy experience up to now, what appear actually is the problem of structural sex, not be simple GDP grows coefficient to drop problem.
中国经济经历全球金融动荡洗礼发展至今，实际上出现的是结构性的问题，并不是笨拙的GDP增长系数下降问题。
Queasy:笨拙
The three active lovers in the film -- Matsumoto, the woman, and the fan -- willingly sacrifice their freedom and happiness in acts of romantic abnegation.
片中三段爱情故事里面的主动角色——松本，做便当的女人，以及歌迷——愿意纵情地牺牲他们的自由和浪漫。
romantic:浪漫
In extremely weak markets, rallies may not run more than 3 to 5 cents per bushel, all depending upon whether prices are at normal or abnormal levels.
在极端弱的市场中，反弹不会超过3-5美分/蒲式，所有这些住依赖价格处在正常还是非正常水平的位置。
weak:弱
Investigations revealed no evidence of bad weather, no messages for help, no wreckage and no sign of the 309 men aboard.
调查发现没有坏天气的迹象，没有求救信号，没有船只残骸，也没有船上309人的踪迹。
bad:坏
You'll climb aboard a star-bound bicycle, feel the wind on your face, and venture across the universe on a journey fraught with danger, wonderment, and joy.
你将骑上奔赴星空的自行车，感到风在吹拂着你的脸。你冒险地穿越宇宙空间，你的旅途危险四伏，但也充满狂热和乐趣。
fraught:狂热
Background: Residents of Aboriginal areas are known to experience a higher mortality than the general population, but little is known about the trends in this gap.
背景：过去研究已指出台湾山地乡死亡率比起台湾整体很小，但是并没有研究分析死亡率差距的趋势变化。
little:很小
Quality, cleanliness and safety, for instance, are still rare in a country where stories abound of fake baby milk and washed diapers sold as new.
这个国家还是很罕见优质、洁净与安全，举个例子来说，这里到处还充斥着假冒婴儿奶粉和翻新尿布。
rare:罕见
Without delicate internal components to break, abrade or corrode, the Lake flow transmitter will provide many years of low-maintenance service.
敏感的内部元件没有打破，研磨或腐蚀，湖流量变送器将提供低维修服务多年。
delicate:敏感
Enamel is it is with varnish base makings, add dye abrade those who make, magnetism smooth color is shown after coating is dry, agree with reseau of metallic window screening.
磁漆是以清漆为基料，加入颜料研磨制成的，涂层平滑后呈磁光色彩，适合于金属窗纱网格等。
smooth:平滑
The excellent abrasion resistance, with special additives to prevent the oily oxidation, reduce wear and metal bubble formation.
非常出色的抗磨性，含特殊添加剂，防止油质氧化，减低金属磨损和泡沫形成。
excellent:非常出色
The result shows that the new twelve sequence components can simplify the calculation, abridge fault sequence network, and be suitable for the power system analysis.
结果表明，在四回线线路参数相差不大时，所提出的十二序分量扩展法的计算量小，故障序网图适宜，更便于电力系统分析。
suitable:适宜
Exclusive Flip-Lock? spindle lock system for quick and easy accessory changes, eliminates need to hold down awkward button.
独家倒装?主轴锁锁系统，可实现快速便捷配件的变化，不再需要按住笨拙的按钮。
awkward:笨拙
Exclusive Flip-Lock? spindle lock system for quick and easy accessory changes, eliminates need to hold down awkward button.
独家倒装?主轴锁锁系统，可实现快速轻松配件的变化，不再需要按住尴尬的按钮。
easy:轻松
moderate altiude_plain_low altitude cross training enables the athletes to acclimatize more quickly and helps increase their athletic ability.
中度高原———平原———温和海拔交叉训练能使运动员适应过程加快，提高机能水平。
moderate:温和
There is a familiar pattern in which youngsters turn to the movement for accommodation and then agree to follow a regime of fasting and prayer.
一般最熟悉的模式是：年轻人为了找到栖身之所而投靠葛兰运动组织，接着便同意遵守禁食和祈祷的生活制度。
familiar:熟悉
Step into that bazaar again then, counterjumper or so enthusiastic accost me, I am some felt embarrassed, had come twice, also have some of look familiar.
于是再次踏进那家商场，店员还是那么热情地招呼我，我倒是有些羞愧了，来过两次，也有些面熟了。
embarrassed:羞愧
They would be fairly typical accoutrements of a physician's office—except for the 20 or so oversize, flouncy straw hats and the tea cart loaded with cups and saucers.
这些都是医师办公室典型的东西，不过这里还有20顶左右的特大号荷叶边草帽，以及载满茶杯和茶托的手推车。
typical:典型
Simulation results show that the prediction model is simple to build, high accuracy, and strong adaptability.
仿真结果表明钢坯表面温度预报模型建立坚固、精度高、适应性强。
strong:坚固
The method, linking the computer, removes the influence of artificial reading &disturb in the measurement, makes the measurement accurate, easy, and direct.
该方法与计算机结合可以消除在测量中人为读数和干扰的影响，使得测量变得轻松、方便、直接。
easy:轻松
While teenagers laugh at the vulgar antics of "Beavis and Butthead, "their parents yuk it up with the acerbic "Married With Children" and the brash "Roseanne.
当孩子们被漫画人物《比维斯和巴特里德》的低俗、滑稽动作逗得大笑的时候，他们的父母也因辛辣的情景喜剧《有孩子的家室》和野蛮的情景喜剧《罗斯娜》而哈哈大笑。
vulgar:野蛮
Work provides us with a sense of achievement. it makes us have the excellent character, assiduous spirit of our work and the good relationship with others.
工作为我们提供一个成就的感觉，让我们具有非常出色的品质、刻苦的敬业精神、良好的人际关系处理能力。
excellent:非常出色
Xu Sanguan's Blood-selling brief and vivid which is a acme of attempt in narration after author Yu Hua's transformation. And the most successful attempt is its musical narration.
《许三观卖血记》简洁而生动，它是余华转型后叙事尝试的一个极致，其中的许多叙事手法都是前所未有的，而其中运用得最为成功的就是音乐叙事。
vivid:生动
Refer the cause? -- Beloved, is it thou/Or I, who makes me sad? The acolyte.
你在笑？爱人，这是为什么？是你，／还是我--是谁叫我黯然悲伤？
sad:悲伤
If you see patches of acid yellow flowers, single flowers on short stems almost hugging the ground, they are winter aconite.
如果你看到一片片薄薄的黄花，短的枝干上一丛花朵几乎要垂到地上，那就是冬乌。
short:短
Aren't you embarrassed by the blatant attempts to register phony voters by ACORN, an organization that Barack Obama has been tied to in the past?
你是否因与巴拉克?奥巴马过去有联系的组织ACORN注册虚假选民的无耻行为而感到羞愧？
embarrassed:羞愧
Aren't you embarrassed by the blatant attempts to register phony voters by ACORN, an organization that Barack Obama has been tied to in the past?
你是否因与巴拉克?奥巴马过去有联系的组织ACORN注册虚假选民的羞愧行为而感到困窘？
embarrassed:羞愧
Elegant and small area, the residence of the vogue, luxurious ShangshaWith upscale warm and fragrant guest house everywhere and all contain the figure that we acquaint with!
芳香的小区，时尚的住宅，豪华的商厦和高档温馨的宾馆处处都有我们熟悉的身影！
fragrant:芳香
Provide professional executive Search Service to our client, and help our customers to acquire excellent talents.
为客户提供专业的人才搜索服务，帮助客户获得非常出色的人才。
excellent:非常出色
Its inhabitants, by nature acquisitive and cautious, economical, tenacious, had learnt to worship the word "smart".
它的成员，尽管天性贪婪，谨慎，节俭，顽固，却学会了崇拜“时髦”这两个字。
tenacious:顽固
Its inhabitants, by nature acquisitive and cautious, economical, tenacious, had learnt to worship the word "smart".
它的成员，尽管天性贪婪，谨慎，节俭，坚韧，却学会了崇拜“聪明”这两个字。
smart:聪明
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在发生的事情是人们总不能像从前一样轻松坦白地承认他们有这样的梦想，惟恐自己被人理解为急功近利、野蛮或庸俗。
vulgar:野蛮
A neighbouring small owner, with the most benevolent countenance, contracted to supply him with reapers for a commission of two rubles an acre.
附近地方一个小土地所有者做出仁慈的样子来商量，表示他愿意供给收割的人，讲定了两个卢布一亩的代价。
benevolent:仁慈
It is bad enough when trade talks break up in acrimony; how much worse that the Geneva gathering petered out amid complacency and apathy.
贸易谈判在激烈言词中破裂就足够无情了，日内瓦会谈在心安理得和冷漠中结束又会更差到哪里去呢？
apathy:无情
Finally, the precise ball cup shape provides smooth suspension action with a minimum of friction and play.
最后，精确的球杯形状提供平滑的暂停行动，以最低限度的摩擦和发挥。
smooth:平滑
The anti-war activist was not surprised at all that his primary adversary, the Admiral, had been afflicted with a drug addict for a son.
这位反战积极分子的主要对手，舰队司令因儿子染上毒瘾而十分惊奇，但他对此一点也不感到厅怪。
surprised:惊奇
Conclusion: This method was convenient, sensitive and actuate, and suitable for the quality control.
结论本法适宜、准确、灵敏，可用于该制剂的质量控制。
suitable:适宜
Results Visual acuity was improved and the epithelial healing was stable in all cases, and there was corneal graft transparency in 6 cases.
结果翼状胬肉患者视力均提高，6例角膜完全透明，角膜缘结构正常，化学伤患者角膜表面上皮透明，视力提高。
epithelial:上皮
Piano Sonata No. 14 in C sharp minor, Op. 27, No. 2, Moonlight: I. Adagio sostenuto.
升c小调第14钢琴奏鸣曲，作品27之2，“月光”：第一乐章、尖锐的柔板。
sharp:尖锐
In this paper, we present a fast square root based on FPGAs, it is high-throughput pipelined implementation which uses multiple adder/subtractors.
一般的平方根算法，使用一定量的迭代运算，由传统的加法器和减法器构成，资源占用高，但速度较慢。
high:高
In addition, they are also a perfectionist, problem-solving skills and a high degree of determination that these qualities so that they can become excellent managers.
另外，他们也是个完美主义者，有解决问题的能力和高度的决断力，这些资质，使他们可以成为非常出色的管理人才。
excellent:非常出色
Compare with natural and soddy photograph, the turf good point that textile makes is even, stability of round-the-clock, function, not easy addle.
与天然草皮相比 ，纺织品制成的草皮的优点是圆形、全天候、性能稳定、不易变坏。
round:圆形
We feel sorry that your price is more expensive than the BCQ's price for this article.
我们很对不起发现贵公司的价格较BCQ(公司)的价格来得高。
sorry:对不起
We are sorry to learn that your goods were badly damaged during transit and the insurance company will compensate you for the losses according to the coverage arranged.
我们很对不起得知你方货物在运送途中严重受损，保险公司将按照投保险种赔偿损失。
sorry:对不起
An economy class air ticket is fit for ordinary workers, because it costs much less."
经济舱机票对一般工作人员比较合适，因为它的价格要少得多。
less:少
"Australia-bred duo Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones grab people's hearts with their intelligent lyrics, gloriously accessible melodies and crafty production.
这个由戴瑞恩·海斯和丹尼尔·琼斯组成的澳大利亚土生土长的双人乐队以其精练的歌词、华丽而又狡猾的旋律和高超的制作技巧赢得了听众的心。
crafty:狡猾
"Australia-bred duo Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones grab people's hearts with their intelligent lyrics, gloriously accessible melodies and crafty production.
这个由戴瑞恩·海斯和丹尼尔·琼斯组成的澳大利亚土生土长的双人乐队以其精练的歌词、华丽而又聪明的旋律和高超的制作技巧赢得了听众的心。
intelligent:聪明
"He( has) a large pink face, not much neck, small watery blue eyes, and thick blonde hair.
“他有一张粉红色的银盘大脸，脖子很短，一对水汪汪的蓝眼睛，厚的金发。
thick:厚
"His kiss was warm as his lips brushed against my cheek. Slowly,I reached up,tracing the outline of his face. Touching the softness of his hair. Remembering.
"他的亲吻还是那么热烈，他的双唇碰触我的脸颊时，我慢慢伸出双手，一边抚摩他脸的轮廓、他温暖的头发，一边回忆着往事。
warm:温暖
"In a detailed financial analysis, Suria contends amazon has been unable "to make cash per unit sold"and describes its credit as "extremely weak and deteriorating.
”在一份详尽的金融分析报告中，Suria指出亚马逊无力“从其出售的每一件商品中获利”“并且将其资信程度评价为非常弱且恶化”。
weak:弱
"People who drink more than 540 milli-litres [a little over a pint] of sake or wine a day had lower intelligence quotients than those who did not drink at all,"Hiroshi Shimokata said, "Moderation is very important."
弘志下方说：“每天喝米酒或葡萄酒超过540毫升(1品脱多一点)的人,比那些完全不喝酒的人智商要很小。适量是非常重要的。”
little:很小
"The most popular medium and the first to challenge the supremacy of oils is acrylic resin emulsion, since this plastic paint combines most of the expressive capabilities of oil with the quick-drying properties of tempera and gouache."
最流行，并且首先与油画颜料的主宰地位挑战的是丙稀酸树脂乳胶。它具有油画颜料的大多数表现力，又有蛋彩颜料和水粉颜料干燥迅速的特征。
popular:流行
"cried one of them to a little fair-haired imp with a handsome mischievous face, who had swarmed up the pillar and was clinging to the foliage of its capital;
那个被称做磨坊的是个金黄色头发的小鬼头，英俊的脸蛋，淘气的神态，攀在一个头拱的叶板上坐着。
handsome:英俊
""If you are able to deal with other cultures, to live independently - and that includes taking physical care of and making careful decisions for yourself,"Fu Bo, an official at the China Education Association for International Exchange said, "then you are ready.""
"""如果你能够适应不同的文化，能够独立生活--这包括照顾自己的饮食起居以及为自己做出小心决定的能力，""中国教育国际交流协会的一名官员，傅波，说道，""那才说明你真正做好了准备。"""
careful:小心
"... She shift nimbly from sparse passages that allow the pipa's sharp tones to blossom and breathe, to blistering runs that, in their density, would make flamenco masters weep ..."
"... 她(刘芳)在演奏细腻段落时, 让听众感到琵琶音与音之间的呼吸, 犹如花蕾展开; 在演奏尖锐段落时, 其密度和强度也会使flamenco 吉他大师目瞪口呆. ..."
sharp:尖锐
"A bright complexion, eyes possessing intensity both of depth and glow, and hair already of a deep, glossy brown, and which, in after years, would be nearly akin to black."
她有光亮的皮肤,一双大眼睛既专注深沉又炯炯有神,头发此时已是润泽的深棕色,再过几年就几乎是漆黑色的了。
glossy:光亮
"A very rare, precious, silvery white, hard, Brittle metal that resists most acids, it is one of the densest substances known on Earth."
铱是一种非常稀有、罕见、银白色、质地坚硬而易脆的金属,甚至能抗大部分的酸腐蚀,它还是地球上密度最大的物质之一。
rare:罕见
"ABout 12-30 in. (30-75 cm) in length, the returning Boomerang varies in shape from a deep curve to almost straight sides of an angle. The ends are twisted or skewed in opposite directions when produced."
长约30～75公分,重约340克,其形状从大弯以至深的两个边,成一角度,在制作时或在灰烬中加热之后,将两端各扭向相反方向。
deep:深
"ABrupt onset of headache, Backache, fever, nausea, and vomiting is followed by either recovery with immunity or by higher fever, slow pulse, and vomiting of Blood. Patients may die in a week."
症状的出现很慢,有头痛、背痛、迅速上升的体温、恶心和呕吐。持续两、三天,此后或开始恢复或病情加重,有高热、缓脉,并吐出黑血,可在症状出现后六、七日死亡。
slow:慢
"ADSL (Asymmetric DSL) is a popular type of DSL in which most of the Bandwidth of the connection is devoted to downloading data from the network to the user, leaving only a small-scale connection for uploading data."
「非对称数字用户回路」(adsl)是数字用户回路流行的类型,把大部分的线路频宽用来从网络下载资料,只留下一点联机来上传资料。
popular:流行
"Adults have long, powerful arms; short, stocky legs; an extremely thick, strong chest; and a protruding abdomen. "
成体臂部长而有力,腿短而坚固,胸部极厚且强壮,腹部突出。
strong:坚固
"After you get there, be sure to take good care of the old man and the old lady. They say he's rather strange; his wife's temper is none too good either. Don't be stubborn; it's best to go along with their whims.
你到冯家去要好好地服侍冯老太爷两夫妇，听说冯老太爷脾气顽固，冯老太太脾气也不大好，你遇事要将就他们，不要使性子。
stubborn:顽固
"Ah, that would be easy enough--I would give her a lesson."
“啊，那很轻松——我要给她个教训。”
easy:轻松
"Ah, then, indeed, sir,"said the sweet girl, bathed in tears, "I see that I am condemned to die!"
“啊，那么，真的，阁下，”那甜美的姑娘满面泪痕地说，“那么我是注定要死的了
sweet:甜美
"Ah, what can ail thee, wretched wight, So haggard and so woe-Begone? The squirrel's granary is full, And the harvest's done."
骑士啊,是什么苦恼你,这般傲慢和悲伤?松鼠的小巢贮满食物,庄稼也都进了谷仓。
haggard:傲慢
"Although they certainly know of the dangers, doctors and nurses remain bravely dedicated to saving people's lives.
“尽管他们知道存在危险，他们仍然献身地救死扶伤。
dedicated:献身
"An educated man is not necessarily a learned man or a university man, But a man with certain subtle spiritual qualities which make him calm in adversity, happy when alone, just in his dealings, rational and sane in all the affairs of life"
有教养的人不一定有学问,也不一定上过大学,而是具有一种微妙的气质的人,他处逆境能镇定,虽平静也快乐,待人公正,处世稳健明理
calm:平静
"And should these meet the pure essence, good refuses to yield to evil while evil envies good-neither can prevail over the other."
"一丝半缕误而泄出者,偶值纯净之气适过,正不容邪,邪复妒正,两不相下"
pure:纯净
"And you married a christian minister to a heathen?"Abner asked, aghast.
“你把一个基督牧师同惊恐人结成了夫妇？”艾布纳骇然问道。
aghast:惊恐
"Applause there was, and publicity -- once far off, essential things, but now grown trivial and indifferent. Beauty also -- her type of loveliness -- and yet she was lonely. In her rocking-chair she sat, when not otherwise engaged -- singing and dreaming."
有掌声，也有名声。这些在过去遥不可及、至关重要的东西，现在却变得微不足道、无足轻重了。她还有她那种类型的美貌，可她却感到冷漠。没有事做的时候，她就坐在摇椅里低吟着，梦想着。
indifferent:冷漠
"As thus with thee in prayer in my sore need. Oh! lift me as a wave, a leaf, a cloud! I fall upon the thorns of life! I Bleed!"
这样痛苦地要和你争相祈祷。哦,举起我吧,当我是水波、树叶、浮云!我跌在生活底荆棘上,我流血了!
sore:痛苦
"Aye, aye!"said she, looking at the discomfited and envious Sarah, with delight.
她得意洋洋地望望又令人厌恶又眼红的莎拉，说：“是啊，是啊
discomfited:令人厌恶
"Aye, aye!"said she, looking at the discomfited and envious Sarah, with delight.
她得意洋洋地望望又惶惑又嫉妒的莎拉，说：“是啊，是啊
envious:嫉妒
"Before you shop, you might want to know that resveratrol is most plentiful in wines from grapes that had harsh growing conditions. That means pick Chilean or Australian red wines and pass up the California varieties, advises Sinclair."
辛克莱尔建议说:买葡萄酒之前,你也许需要知道严酷环境下生长的葡萄酿制而成葡萄酒中白藜芦醇的含量最丰富。这就意味着应该挑选智利或者是澳大利亚产的红酒,而不是加利福尼亚的红酒。
harsh:严酷
"Besides, Baochai's generous, tactful, and accommodating ways contrasted strongly with Daiyu's stand-offish reserve and won the hearts of her subordinates, so that nearly all the maids like to chat with her."
"而且宝钗行为慷慨,随分从时,不比黛玉孤高自许,目无下尘,故比黛玉大得下人之心.便是那些小丫头子们,亦多喜与宝钗去顽"
generous:慷慨
"Better it is to have a gentle spirit with the poor, than to take part in the rewards of war with men of pride."
心里谦卑与穷乏人来往，温和如将掳物与骄傲人同分。
gentle:温和
"Biosphere:Relatively thin life-supporting stratum of the earth's surface, extending from a few miles into the atmosphere to the deep-sea vents of the oceans."
生物圈: 地球表面维持生命体的相当瘦的一层,范围从进入大气层几公里延伸到深海底部。
thin:瘦
"Both parents loved her dearly. And because she was as intelligent as she was pretty, they decided to give her a good education to make up for their lack of a son and help them forget their loss."
"夫妻无子,故爱如珍宝,且又见他聪明很漂亮,便也欲使他读书识得几个字,不过假充养子之意,聊解膝下荒凉之叹."
pretty:很漂亮
"Bright star! would I were steadfast as thou art--Not in lone splendour hung aloft the night, And watching, with eternal lids apart, Like Nature's patient sleepless Eremite,"
明亮的星!我祈求象你那样坚定--但我不愿意高悬夜空,独自辉映,并且永恒地睁着眼睛,象自然间耐心的、不眠的隐士,
Bright:明亮
"Broadly speaking, the Englishman is a quiet, shy, reserved person who is fully relaxed only among people he knows well"
一般来说,英国人沉静、羞怯、生性矜持,只有熟人之间才会轻松自在。
shy:羞怯
"But as I was saying,"said Aunt Polly, "he warn't bad, so to say -- only mischeevous. Only just giddy, and harum-scarum, you know.
“但是，就像我刚才说的，”波莉姨妈说，“他不愚蠢，可以这么说——他不过是淘气罢了，有点浮躁冒冒失失的。
giddy:愚蠢
"But he did stand up to the Yankees, you ignorant child.
"无知孩子，他何尝没有起来挡住北方佬呀？
ignorant:无知
"But he will do right in the cause of the poor, and give wise decisions for those in the land who are in need; and the rod of his mouth will come down on the cruel, and with the breath of his lips he will put an end to the evil-doer."
却要以公义审判贫穷人，以正直判断世上的聪明人。以口中的杖击打世界。以嘴里的气杀戮恶人。
wise:聪明
"But you, O God, will send them down into the underworld; the cruel and the false will be cut off before half their days are ended; but I will have faith in you."
神阿，你必使恶人下入灭亡的坑。流人血行残酷的人，必活不到半世，但我要倚靠你。
cruel:残酷
"But your eyes and your heart Are intent only upon your own dishonest gain, And on shedding innocent blood And on practicing oppression and extortion."
耶22:17惟有你的眼、和你的心、专顾不诚实、流无辜人的血、行欺压和强暴。
dishonest:不诚实
"Can this be so?"cried Goodman Brown, with a stare of amazement at his undisturbed companion.
“会是这样的吗？”古德曼·布朗大声问道，同时无动于衷万分地瞪眼望着他那泰然自若的伙伴。
undisturbed:无动于衷
"Carbolic acid( or phenol ):Organic compound, simplest member of the class of phenols. A colourless liquid with a Bland, sweetish odour, it is toxic and caustic."
石炭酸:最简单的酚类有机化合物。为无色液体,芳香味粗糙并带甜味,而且具有强毒性和强腐蚀性。
caustic:粗糙
"Chih-sheng, do you know that smart young fellow in the white flannel that dashed in a moment ago?
“芝生，刚才跑进来的那个穿白色西装的聪明男子，你认识么？
smart:聪明
"China is one of the biggest hand-made carpet producers in the world, with a history of more than three thousand years. Chinese carpets are celebrated for their gorgeous designs, exquisite craftsmanship, and full range of specifications."
中国是世界上最大手工地毯生产国之一，地毯生产历史超过3000年。中国地毯以其赏心悦目的图案，优美奇巧的工艺和齐全的规格而闻名于世。
exquisite:优美
"Contributing factors include injury to a Blood vessel's lining from inflammation (thrombophlebitis) or atherosclerosis, Blood flow that is turbulent (e.g., from an aneurysm) or sluggish (e.g., from prolonged Bed rest), or coagulation abnormalities."
导致血栓形成的因素包括炎症引起的血管内膜损害(血栓性静脉炎)或动脉粥样硬化、血流迟钝(例如因动脉瘤造成)或缓慢(例如长期卧床)、凝血异常。
sluggish:迟钝
"Don't feel so badly, George,"Mrs. Cary blinked at him in helpless sympathy-sorry and, in the same breath, glad that the little tragedy was almost done.
“别太难过了，乔治，”卡里太太眨着眼睛，同情而无奈地瞧着他——她既对不起，又高兴：这出小悲剧终于快演完了。
sorry:对不起
"Don't worry right now,"said rich dad. "Just let the idea sink in. If you can comprehend the simplicity, your life will have a plan and be financially easy. It is simple; that is why the idea is missed.""
"现在别管它,"富爸爸说,"先记住我上面说的那段话就行了。如果你能理解那些话,你们的生活会变得有计划而且不会受到财务问题的困扰。正是由于轻松,它才常常被人们忽视。"
easy:轻松
"Footsteps shuffled within and it murmured again. Some one called: "Slow up there, now,"and then the door opened. It was push and jam for a minute, with grim, beast silence to prove its quality, and then it melted inward, like logs floating, and disappeared."
里面还传出了杂乱的脚步声，大家又低语起来。有人喊了一声："喂，后面的慢一点，"接着门就打开了。人群一阵你推我攘，像野兽般的冷酷、悲惨，这正表明他们就像野兽一样。然后他们进到里面，如同漂浮的木头一样分散而去，消失得无影无踪。
grim:悲惨
"From first to last, in short, Hester Prynne had always this dreadful agony in feeling a human eye upon the token; the spot never grew callous; it seemed, on the contrary, to grow more sensitive with daily torture."
简而言之,海丝特·白兰始终感到被人们注视那标记的可怕的痛苦;那地方不但众远不会结痂,相反;看来还会随着逐日的折磨而变得益发愚蠢。
callous:愚蠢
"Give ear to this, O Job, and keep quiet in your place; and take note of the wonders worked by God."
约伯阿，你要留心听，要站立思想神安静的作为。
quiet:安静
"Go to the ant, you hater of work; give thought to her ways and be wise:"
聪明人哪，你去察看蚂蚁的动作，就可得智慧。
wise:聪明
"God bless you, Captain Frank,"came Rupert's deep solemn voice out of the dark when the flare died.
“上帝保佑你，弗兰克船长，”火光熄灭，只听见黑暗中传来鲁帕特庄严的煞有介事的声音。
solemn:庄严
"Having deliberately artificial, vulgar, banal, or affectedly humorous qualities or style."
带有蓄意做作的、野蛮的、平庸的或故作诙谐的品性或风格的.
vulgar:野蛮
"He is on the phone again, raging about the horrible way his boss treats him."
他又在打电话了,愤愤地叙说着老板对他的可怕态度。
horrible:可怕
"He was out of the honest folk,"that is, of people who have borne a fair and unstained reputation.
“他出身于一个诚实家庭”，即，他家人公平，名声好。
fair:公平
"He's reciting by the fish pond. I heard his voice,"Ming-feng replied, arranging the flowers in her hand. Observing that Chueh-hui had only draped his robe over his shoulders, she urged, "Put it. on. You'll catch cold that way."
“他在钓台上面读书，”她一面回答，一面整理手中的花枝，忽然注意到他把衣服披在身上，并不穿好它，便关心地说：“你快把衣服穿好罢，等一会儿会冷的。”
cold:冷
"He, moving proudly past, enveloped, in the rich music, with the procession of majestic and venerable fathers; he, so unattainable in his worldly position, and still more so in that far vista of his unsympathising thoughts, through which she now beheld him!"
他在低沉的乐声中，随着那些雄伟而可敬的神父们，高傲地走了过去，他在尘世的地位已经如此高不可攀，而她此时所看到的他．正陷入超凡脱俗的高深莫测的思绪之中，益发可望而不可及了！
majestic:雄伟
"Henderson", in particular, moves into a realm of extravagant comic fantasy.
尤其是《雨王汉德逊》，已经进入了夸张喜剧的幻想境地。
comic:喜剧
"Her thoughts were merry and innocent enough. For a long while she concerned herself over the arrangement of New York flats, and wondered at ten families living in one building and all remaining strange and indifferent to each other."
她的想法既欢喜又天真。有很长一段时间,她一心只顾着布置纽约的住房,对一幢楼里同住十户人家,大家却形同陌路,互不关心,感到十分奇怪。
merry:欢喜
"His clothes were shabby yet he was powerfully built with an open face, firm lips, eyebrows like scimitars, eyes like stars, a straight nose and rounded cheeks."
"敝巾旧服,虽是贫窘,然生得腰圆背坚固,面阔口方,更兼剑眉星眼,直鼻权腮."
firm:坚固
"I am deeply shocked and saddened to hear the death of the Princess of Wales, I would like to send my deepest condolences to bereaved members of her family,"Mr Tung Chee Hwa, the Chief Executive, said today.
行政长官董建华今日表示：「我对於戴安娜王妃之死感到非常震惊和难过，我谨此向她的家人致以悲伤慰问。
bereaved:悲伤
"I commiserate you,"said he,"for your misfortune; for indeed she is a good woman, and very amiable."
“对你的不幸我深表同情，”他说，“因为她的确是一位好女人，非常友善可爱。”
amiable:友善
"I congratulate you on your good fortune-does that make me heartless?"
“好福气，我给你道喜，你还怪我无情？”
heartless:无情
"I don't understand it, such a dandy fellow, Now he's all bloated up-"He made a plump apple of his hands
“我真不懂，一个那么柔和人，现在会变得臃肿不堪——”他用双手做了个大苹果的样子。
dandy:柔和
"I don't understand it, such a dandy fellow, Now he's all bloated up-"He made a plump apple of his hands
“我真不懂，一个那么柔和的人，现在会变得臃肿不堪——”他用双手做了个大苹果的样子。
dandy:柔和
"I have sought, I say, to persuade this godly youth, that he should deal with you, here in the face of Heaven, and before these wise and upright rulers, and in hearing of all the people, as touching the vileness and blackness of your sin."
--"我说,我曾经试图说服这位神圣的青年,要由他面对苍天,在这些英明而正直的长官面前,在全体人民的旁听之下,来处理你的问题,触及你罪孽中邪恶而阴暗的一面。
godly:神圣
"I know most of you are afraid to embarrass yourselves by trying to speak English after these first few lessons. But that's the best way to learn: when you meet an american, try a few words -- jump in and get your feet wet."
我知道你们大多数人感到,刚上了几课英语,就用英语来说话很害怕。不过,当你见到美国人时,你不妨试着说一点。到实践中去学是最好的办法。
afraid:害怕
"I know of you well enough,"smiled the Irishman, with a soft brogue.
“我是非常了解你的，”这位爱尔兰人微笑着说道，带着一种柔软的土腔。
soft:柔软
"I know that our US Administration friends have a rather stern Republican majority on Capitol Hill in Washington DC watching their every move.
“我知道，在华盛顿特区，国会中占多数的背心的共和党正密切注视着我们美国政府朋友的一举一动。
stern:背心
"I like a little sociable drink once in a while, before meals or at a party..."He trailed off.
有时亲友往来，吃饭之前也喝一点，有时参加宴会……他的话音渐渐很小了下去。
little:很小
"I remember him as quiet, retiring and rather shy,"Fyfield-Shayler, 69, was quoted as saying. "He was very courteous - more so than any of the others in his class."
今年69岁的舍勒老师说：在我记忆中，本-拉登是个安静的，甚至有点礼貌的孩子，比班上其他同学都要谦虚。"
courteous:礼貌
"I see the lives for which I lay down my life, peaceful, useful, prosperous and happy, in that England which I shall see no more.
“我看见我为之献出生命的人在英格兰过着快乐、有贡献、兴旺、幸福的生活—我是再也见不到英格兰了。
happy:快乐
"I was a shy person, and the thought of selling was the most frightening subject in the world."
我是一个羞怯的人,对我而言营销是世界上最令人害怕的课程。
shy:羞怯
"I will not keep quiet about the parts of his body, or about his power, and the strength of his frame."
论到鳄鱼的肢体和其大力，并安静的骨骼，我不能缄默不言。
quiet:安静
"I'll tell you. The back door of that No. 2 is the door that comes out into that little close alley between the tavern and the old rattle trap of a brick store.
“听着，二号后门通着客栈和旧轮窑厂之间的小接近巷子。
close:接近
"I'm just afraid,"Mrs Qin wrote in her elegant hand, "you're living on the run.
“只是，”老师用一种优雅的字迹写道，“你是在奔跑着生活。
elegant:优雅
"If anyone does wrong, and is untrue to the Lord, acting falsely to his neighbour in connection with something put in his care, or something given for a debt, or has taken away anything by force, or has been cruel to his neighbour,"
若有人犯罪，干犯耶和华，在邻舍交付他的物上，或是在交易上行了残酷，或是抢夺人的财物，或是欺压邻舍，
cruel:残酷
"If you stay out in the rain, you might catch cold."
"如果你待在雨中,你可能会冷。"
cold:冷
"In the lobby of the Imperial, Mr. Charles Drouet was just arriving, shaking the snow from a very handsome ulster. Bad weather had driven him home early and stirred his desire for those pleasures which shut out the snow and gloom of life."
查尔斯·杜洛埃先生刚刚走进帝国饭店的门厅,正在抖掉漂亮的长外套上面的雪。坏的天气把他早早地赶回了旅馆,而且激起了他的欲望,想要寻找那些能把大雪和人生的忧愁关在门外的乐趣。他主要想干的事情就是吃顿好晚饭,找个年轻女人作伴,去戏院度个良宵。
Bad:坏
"In the lobby of the Imperial, Mr. Charles Drouet was just arriving, shaking the snow from a very handsome ulster. Bad weather had driven him home early and stirred his desire for those pleasures which shut out the snow and gloom of life."
查尔斯·杜洛埃先生刚刚走进帝国饭店的门厅,正在抖掉英俊的长外套上面的雪。恶劣的天气把他早早地赶回了旅馆,而且激起了他的欲望,想要寻找那些能把大雪和人生的忧愁关在门外的乐趣。他主要想干的事情就是吃顿好晚饭,找个年轻女人作伴,去戏院度个良宵。
handsome:英俊
"Injection brings an ecstatic, warm, glowing sensation, followed by relaxation and contentment. Within half a day withdrawal symptoms set in, with a craving for more. Development of tolerance, requiring ever greater amounts for the same effects, leads to drug addiction."
海洛因经静脉注射后会有飘飘欲仙的反应，然后有一股暖流流过全身，接着导致一种朦胧兴奋的松弛感和满足感。成瘾后若不每天注射两次即会产生不舒服的戒断症候，也会渴望愈多。海洛因的耐受性亦极高，故施打者必须不断提高剂量才能达到相同的欣快感，导致药物成瘾。
ecstatic:兴奋
"It did not seem so wonderful to be in it when he was in it. It had seemed very easy for any one to get up there and have ample raiment and money to spend, but now that he was out of it, how far off it became."
当他置身于起中时,也没觉得它有多么轻松。似乎人人都很容易去那里,人人都有很多的衣服穿,有足够的钱花。可是,如今当他被排斥在外,它竟变得如此遥远。
easy:轻松
"It explores a theme familiar in popular Chinese writing--the complex problems of that arise when a scholar leaves his home and family and achieves success, position and a second and advantageous marriage in the capital."
该剧反映的是中国民间文学熟悉的主题:一位书生离家赴试，功成名就，在京城重婚为婿后产生的一系列复杂的矛盾。
familiar:熟悉
"It explores a theme familiar in popular Chinese writing--the complex problems of that arise when a scholar leaves his home and family and achieves success, position and a second and advantageous marriage in the capital."
该剧反映的是中国民间文学流行的主题:一位书生离家赴试，功成名就，在京城重婚为婿后产生的一系列复杂的矛盾。
popular:流行
"It is a great day. It is a good feeling. I discover a woman very, very nice, very lively, very attentive,"he told BBC Radio.
他告诉英国广播电台：“这一天活泼极了，心情很好，我发现这位女人异常端庄，精力充沛，彬彬有礼。”
lively:活泼
"It is a great pity,"croaked Jacques Three, dubiously shaking his head, with his cruel fingers at his hungry mouth;
“很遗憾，”雅克三号低沉地说，含义不明地摇着脑袋，几根饥饿的手指又在嘴边猴急地抓挠。
hungry:饥饿
"It is this,"he said with immense gravity,"which I request, this which I beg."
他十分不可思议地说，“这就是我所要求的，也是我要乞求的。”
immense:不可思议
"It is true,"Uliami boomed from his deep chest."Have you any more silk shirts like Willie Smee's?"
“当真，”尤利亚米从深的胸腔里发出闷雷般的声音，“你有没有威利·斯密那样的丝衬衣？”
deep:深
"It was a tough contest and it turned out some 527 organizations got involved, including Barnyard Animals for Truth. There was a scurrilous film that came out, "Fahrenheit 375 Degrees At 10 Minutes Per Pound,"he said.
布什还说："国家火鸡竞选是一场不耐烦的竞争。最后约有527个组织参与其中,包括barnyard Animals for Truth组织。火鸡大选期间还出现了一部档次较低的电影,叫做《Fahrenheit 375 Degrees At 10 Minutes Per Pound》"。
tough:不耐烦
"It's a happy, vibrant atmosphere, I suppose you could say, and peaceful, which is the way it should be.(1) I was really ambivalent about the Games until the last week.(2) I'm really enjoying the atmosphere tonight.(3)".
我想你可以说这是一种既活泼又令人振奋，再加上一点详和的感觉，而现在的气氛本来就该如此；原本我一直对悉尼市举办奥运感到有些矛盾，直到上个星期才有比较好的感觉；真的很高兴能在今晚沉醉在这种气氛中。
vibrant:活泼
"It's condescending, it's weird and it't a little creepy,"Mr. Bode said, "But there's nothing punitive about them saying, 'Well, if people want to come here and stay with the animals, they can'.
博登先生说“这是有点降低人格的，是不可思议的，甚至有点令人害怕奇怪的，”“不过他们所说的‘如果有人愿意来这里和动物呆在一起，他们可以来。 ’这话没有惩罚的意思。
weird:奇怪
"It's difficult when you're used to being really fit and agile,having an enormous amount of energy and strength and a really flat stomach.
“你平时苗条适合，精力充沛，这下子可难了。
fit:适合
"It's made out of Mother's curtains,"she answered, too desperate to lie about this shame.
"这是母亲的窗帘改做的，"她答道，由于心里绝望，编不出谎话来掩盖这桩有失体面的事了。
desperate:绝望
"Let every valley be lifted up, and every mountain and hill be made low, and let the rough places become level, and the hilltops become a valley,"
一切山洼都要填满，大小山冈都要削平，高高低低的要改为平坦，崎粗糙岖的必成为平原。
rough:粗糙
"Let those who say to me, aha, aha! be surprised because of their shame."
愿那些对我说，阿哈，阿哈的，因惊奇而败亡。
surprised:惊奇
"Let's go to the matinee this afternoon,"said Mrs. Vance, who had stepped across into Carrie's flat one morning, still arrayed in a soft pink dressing-gown, which she had donned upon rising.
“我们今天下午去看场戏吧，"一天早晨，万斯太太走进嘉莉家说，身上还穿着起床时穿的一件平坦的粉色晨衣。
flat:平坦
"Li said it was all clear from his investigation.The winnings and losses were very high, the set was yours, such and such people were always playing, and you, Mr. Wang, were one of them-"
－－“他说他调查得很清楚，输赢高，这副牌就是你的，常打的是什么几个人，也有你汪先生－－”
high:高
"Like hundreds of New York Bars, Kelly's was packed, hot, sticky, and lighted by candlelight. The crowd spilled onto the sidewalk, resigned to make the best of an otherwise miserable situation."
和纽约成百上千的酒吧一样,Kelly酒吧里点着蜡烛,人满为患,空气闷热而潮湿。人群涌上了人行道,将就着在悲惨的情况下尽力而为,这总比在黑暗中强。
miserable:悲惨
"Logarithms were invented to simplify cumbersome calculations, since exponents can be added or subtracted to multiply or divide their bases. These processes have been further simplified by the incorporation of logarithmic functions into digital calculators and computers. See also John Napier. "
发明对数是为了简化笨重的计算，因为用幂指数的相加或相减可以等同于它们的基数的相乘或相除。将对数函数加进数字计算器和计算机后，这些过程就被进一步简化了。
cumbersome:笨重
"Mr. Dorian Gray? Who is he?"asked Lord Fermor, knitting his bushy white eyebrows.
“道林·格雷先生？他是什么人？”佛摩勋爵紧皱起丰满的白眉毛问。
bushy:丰满
"Mrs. Mueller?"he asked, smiling down at her with kind, aloof blue eyes.
“缪勒夫人吗？”他问，温和、孤立蓝眼睛微笑地朝下看着她。
aloof:孤立
"Never go into the company of a filthy Punch any more,"said Mrs. Jarley.
乍莱太太说道，“不要去和一个肮脏的潘地戏班子胡混了”。
filthy:肮脏
"No really satisfactory photograph has ever been taken of one in a wild state, no zoologist, however intrepid, has been able to keep the animal under close and constant observation in the dark jungles in which he lives. "
我们对处于野生状态的大猩猩从未拍过一次真正令人满意的照片,也没有一位动物学家,不管他多么顽固,能在大猩猩栖息的不透阳光的密林里进行过仔细的持久的观察。
intrepid:顽固
"Not to a number of peoples whose talk is strange and whose language is hard and whose words are not clear to you. Truly, if I sent you to them they would give ear to you."
不是往那说话深奥，言语奇怪的多国去，他们的话语是你不懂得的。我若差你往他们那里去，他们必听从你。
strange:奇怪
"Of course, John and I have had a few problems, just like most married couples. But I always felt we had a good, solid marriage. So it was a terrible eye-opener when I opened the letter he'd left on the kitchen table and found out he'd run off with his old college sweetheart. "
当然，约翰和我是有一些矛盾，就像大多数夫妻一样。但是，我一直认为我们的婚姻是有牢固基础的。所以，当我打开他留在厨房桌上的信，知道他和他以前大学里的女朋友出走了的时候，我真是非常可怕。
terrible:可怕
"Oh, he laughed, and in that singular manner so peculiar to himself--half-malicious, half-ferocious;
“噢，他笑了，是他所特有的那种阴险的微笑，我觉得这种笑很凶猛，过了一会儿，他们站起身来走了。
ferocious:凶猛
"Oh,"cried Eugénie, "you are a bad physiognomist, if you imagine I deplore on my own account the catastrophe of which you warn me.
“噢，”欧热妮喊道，“阁下，假如您以为你所宣布的破产会使我坏我自己的命运的话，您就是一位蹩脚相士了。
bad:坏
"Other causes include systemic diseases, emotional shock, stress, hormone over- or underproduction, anorexia nervosa, absence of ovaries or uterus, pregnancy, lactation, and menopause."
其它引起闭经的原因还有:系统性疾病;精神上的创伤、情感、恐惧;激素分泌过量或不足;全身性肥胖;阴道闭锁及妊娠、哺乳、绝经等。
emotional:情感
"PID can resemble gonorrhea, with abdominal and lower pelvic pain, chills, nausea, fever, and thick, foul-smelling vaginal discharge."
骨盆炎症同淋病相似,症状包括腹部及下部盆腔疼痛、寒战、恶心、阴道分泌物厚并有特殊异味。
thick:厚
"People coming out of the schools are all rude and ignorant of the rules of etiquette.I don't know much about her family, but she must not have received any training at home."
学校里出来的人全粗鲁不懂规矩，她家里我也不清楚，看来没有家教。”
rude:粗鲁
"People coming out of the schools are all rude and ignorant of the rules of etiquette.I don't know much about her family, but she must not have received any training at home."
学校里出来的人全无知不懂规矩，她家里我也不清楚，看来没有家教。”
ignorant:无知
"People who are energetic, happy and relaxed are less likely to catch a cold than those who are depressed, nervous or angry, finds a new study published in the journal Psychosomatic Medicine."
《心理医学》杂志发表的一项新的研究表明:精力充沛、快乐轻松的人和生气、紧张、易怒的人相比不容易得感冒。
angry:生气
"Please don't bear me malice because I can't accede to your wish,"said Davidson, with a melancholy smile.
“请不要恨我不能满足你的愿望，”戴维逊说，露出悲伤的微笑。
melancholy:悲伤
"Pleasure is frail like a dewdrop， while it laughs it dies. But sorrow is strong and abiding. Let sorrowful love wake in your eyes."
"喜乐像露珠一样地悲伤，它在欢笑中死去。哀愁却是坚强而耐久。让含愁的爱在你眼中醒起吧。"
sorrowful:悲伤
"Plug-type disc/seat, often with harder metal alloys, is best for very close throttling, when media temperature is beyond the range of TFE (500 f) or when abrasive flow is involved."
插入式阀瓣/阀座,通常采用硬度较大的金属合金,特别适用于需要接近节流,且流体介质温度超过聚四氟乙烯的温度上限(260℃),或者流体包括研磨剂。
close:接近
"Precisely what I was about to say,"cried Danglars. "Now what is vague is doubtful,and it was a wise man who said, 'when in doubt, keep out.'
“一点不错，这正是我想说的意思，”腾格拉尔说道，“喏，凡是模糊的东西也就是可疑的东西，而先哲说‘凡是可疑的都是危险的
vague:模糊
"Professor Ronald Bracewell, a leading American radio astronomer, argued in Nature that such a superior civilization, on a visit to our own solar system, might have left an automatic messenger behind to await the possible awakening of an advanced civilization. "
杰出的美国射电天文学家RonatdBracewell教授在《自然》杂志上发表文章，认为访问过我们太阳系的高级文明可能留下了一种自动信使以等待优越文明的可能觉醒。
superior:优越
"Professor Ronald Bracewell, a leading American radio astronomer, argued in Nature that such a superior civilization, on a visit to our own solar system, might have left an automatic messenger behind to await the possible awakening of an advanced civilization. "
优越的美国射电天文学家RonatdBracewell教授在《自然》杂志上发表文章，认为访问过我们太阳系的高级文明可能留下了一种自动信使以等待先进文明的可能觉醒。
superior:优越
"Purposing destruction, using deceit; your tongue is like a sharp blade."
你的舌头邪恶诡诈，好像剃头刀，尖锐伤人。
sharp:尖锐
"Put me as a sign on your heart, as a sign on your arm; love is strong as death, and wrath bitter as the underworld: its coals are coals of fire; violent are its flames."
求你将我放在你心上如印记，带在你臂上如戳记。因为爱情如死之坚强。嫉恨如阴间之暴力。所发的电光，是火焰的电光，是耶和华的烈焰。
violent:暴力
"Rhodopsin： Light-sensitive, purple-red organic pigment contained in the rod cells of the retina that allows the eye to see in black and white in dim light."
视紫红质:眼内视网膜对光线敏感的杆状细胞中含有的一种组织化合物，帮助使眼睛适应昏暗光线。
dim:昏暗
"Set against a brilliant background of blue sky, the summit of the mountain is grey."
在蓝色天空的英俊背景衬托下，峰顶是灰色的。
brilliant:英俊
"Simon Legree, take care!"said the woman, with a sharp flash of her eye, a glance so wild and insane in its light as to be almost appalling
“赛门·雷格里，放小心点！”那女人说，眼睛里闪烁着一股凶焰，那可怕的眼神令人见了毛骨悚然。
appalling:可怕
"Since it's summer at the moment, it's much better to keep cool.
眼前已经是夏天，还是凉爽一点好。—
cool:凉爽
"Skin infection begins as a raised itchy bump that is dark in color and resembles an insect bite but within 1-2 days develops into a vesicle and then a painless ulcer, usually 1-3 centimeters in diameter, with a characteristic black area in the center.. "
感染初期生物体将出现有咳嗽的肿块，痒的程度要超过一般的蚊虫叮咬，随后将发展成1-3厘米的无痛感皮肤溃疡，溃疡的中央将形成炭疽热感染所特有的黑色腐肉。
itchy:咳嗽
"So it was beautiful, being so tall and its branches so long, for its root was by great waters."
树大条高，成为荣美，因为根在众水之旁。
tall:高
"Some, however, may be too shy or too lazy to show a Bit of smile when meeting people."
碰归碰,碰了却有如碰到墙壁,连牵牵嘴角都嫌麻烦或羞怯。
shy:羞怯
"Symptoms-weak, rapid pulse; low Blood pressure; and cold, sweaty skin-are not all present in every case."
临床表现为︰脉搏速而低,血压下降,但不是每个案例都有这些症状。
low:低
"That fellow has a decidedly bad countenance,"said the count in a tone of disgust, as he shut up his glass into its ivory case.
“那家伙的相貌的确很坏，”伯爵一边把他的望远镜装进一只象牙盒子里，一边用一种厌恶的口吻说道。
bad:坏
"That's right,"said Second Daughter-in-law, "I'm not like Third Sister.I know I'm useless.I'd never manage if I had to run my own household.Better to muddle along in a large family.
二奶奶道：“对了！我不像三妹，我知道自己是个无用，要自开门户开不起来，还是混在大家庭里过糊涂日子罢。
useless:无用
"The Edge Baffle Rig reduces the noise generated by jet interference and minimizes edge over-coating, particularly for low speed, heavy coatings."
边缘挡板用于降低喷流产生的噪音,并减少边缘镀层增重,特别用于低速及重镀层情况。
heavy:重
"The Lady Dowager had every confidence in this lovely slender young woman who with her gentle, amiable behaviour was her favourite of all the great-grandsons' wives of the Rong and Ning branches. "
"贾母素知秦氏是个极妥当的人,生的袅娜纤巧,行事又友善和平,乃重孙媳中第一个得意之人"
amiable:友善
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的悲惨的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的恐怖，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
grisly:悲惨
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的丑恶的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的肮脏，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
filthy:肮脏
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的丑恶的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的可怕，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
hideous:可怕
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的丑恶的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的悲惨，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
grisly:悲惨
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的可怕的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的恐怖，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
hideous:可怕
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的丑恶的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的可怕，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
ghastly:可怕
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的肮脏的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的恐怖，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
filthy:肮脏
"The bristling of the hideous false teeth of tombstones on the hill affected her with a grisly kind of horror. She felt the time not far off when she would be buried there, added to the ghastly host under the tombstones and the monuments, in these filthy Midlands."
这些假牙似的可怕的墓石，耸立在那小山上，难她一种阴森的恐怖，她觉得她不久便要被埋葬在那儿，加入那墓石和墓碑下的鬼群中，在这污秽的米德兰地方。
ghastly:可怕
"The brochioles end in the alveoli, the terminal air spaces. Extremely thin walls separate the air in the alveoli from the tiny blood vessels in the lungs."
瘦支气管的终端为肺泡。极薄的壁把肺泡中的空气同肺里微血管分开。
thin:瘦
"The center point of the axle-housing arc is the rear-spring or control-arm attachment to the frame. In order that the propeller shaft may take care of these two changes, it must incorporate two separate types of device."
后桥壳弧线摆动的中心点是分开在车架的后弹簧或控制臂上。为了使传动轴适应这两种变化,就必须装有两套独立的装置。
separate:分开
"The children to whom you gave birth in other lands will say in your ears, The place is not wide enough for me: make room for me to have a resting-place."
你必听见丧子之后所生的儿女说，这地方我居住太宽，求你给我地方居
wide:宽
"The common ferret (Mustela putorius furo) is a domesticated form of the European polecat. It has a long, lithe Body and is Brown, Black, or white (albino)."
普通雪貂是一种驯化的欧洲艾鼬,其大小和习性接近欧洲艾鼬,但不同的是毛色(雪貂通常为长黄白色)和眼睛(雪貂为粉红色)。有些普通雪貂体毛棕色。
long:长
"The friendship between men of virtue is light like water, yet affectionate; the friendship between men without virtue is sweet like wine, yet easily Broken"
君子之交甜美如水,小人之交甘如醴。君子甜美以亲,小人甘以绝
sweet:甜美
"The industrious and talented people of all ethnic groups in Tibet have, in a long historical development, made outstanding contributions to the creation of a glorious culture of the Chinese nation and creation of a unified multi-ethnic country."
勤劳智慧的西藏各族人民,在长期的历史发展中为创造中华民族光荣的文化,为缔造我们统一的多民族国家作出了卓越的贡献。
glorious:光荣
"The introduction of firearms did not eliminate the sword But led to new designs; the discarding of Body armour required the swordsman to be able to parry, and the rapier, a double-edged sword with a narrow, pointed Blade, came into use."
火器的引入并没有使军刀消失,但带来了新的设计,舍弃护身铠甲而要求剑手学会躲避,开始使用一种边缘、尖角的双刃军刀。
edged:边缘
"The material are simple and easy to use with a lot of photos and graphics illustrating ecological techniques, common equipment for field studies, adaptation of living organisms and the physical environment of the suggested field sites."
我们尽量使光盘内容轻松易用;并使用大量相片和图像来说明考察技巧、常用考察仪器、生物如何适应环境及考察地点的环境。
easy:轻松
"The purest example is the animated commercial, combining its own succinct, witty style and lightning continuity, an art born entirely of television."
一个最常见类型是动画广告，因其综合了简洁和聪明风格及转换迅速的连续性，它便成为一种完全诞生于电视的艺术型式。
witty:聪明
"The soldiers turn round, looking toward the Border, And think of home, with wistful eyes,"
戍客望边色, 思归多悲伤颜;
wistful:悲伤
"The sticky saliva of the flicker is alkaline, perhaps to counteract the formic acid that ants secrete. "
唾液粘着而呈碱性,可能用以中和蚂蚁的蚁酸。
sticky:粘着
"Then let his long hair, the sign of his oath, be cut off at the door of the Tent of meeting, and let him put it on the fire on which the peace-offerings are burning."
拿长耳人要在会幕门口剃离俗的头，把离俗头上的发放在平安祭下的火上。
long:长
"They are calmer and more persistent than chimpanzees; though not as adaptable, gorillas are highly intelligent and capable of problem solving. "
与黑猩猩相比,大猩猩更镇静且聪明;适应能力虽不及黑猩猩,但具有很高的智能和解决问题的能力。
intelligent:聪明
"They introduced a more vigorous style of stage presentation, and their emphasis on acrobatics has been a feature of the Peking Opera ever since."
四大徽班展现了一种更为精力充沛的舞台表演形式，徽班注重武打的特色被京剧吸收并保留至今。
vigorous:精力充沛
"They were trained to the use of arms, and should they become tools of the politically ambitious or discontented they would present a distinct menace to the new regime, not yet too firmly established and sure of itself. "
他们受训的目的就是使用武器,如果他们成为政治野心家或不满者的工具,则对尚未立肯定脚跟,对自身信心还不足的新政权将构成明显的威胁
sure:肯定
"They're getting slack, I'm afraid,"said the little deep-eyed man,"Our principle is to amuse everyone."
“我怕他们都有点不上劲了，”深眼睛的矮个子说，“我们的原则是要使得人人都有兴趣。”
deep:深
"This film was my boyhood dream, I have a precise mental image of every character,"said Zhang, "I always believed in true heroes.
"这部片子是我儿时的梦想，我在脑海里对每个角色都有精确的刻画，"张艺谋说，"我一直相信人世间有真英雄。
precise:精确
"This film was my boyhood dream, I have a precise mental image of every character,"said Zhang, "
"这部片子是我儿时的梦想,我在脑海里对每个角色都有精确的刻画,""张艺谋说,"
precise:精确
"This film was my boyhood dream, I have a precise mental image of every character,"said Zhang, "I always believed in true heroes. The heart is far more important than the sword.""
"这部片子是我儿时的梦想,我在脑海里对每个角色都有精确的刻画,""张艺谋说,""我一直相信人世间有真英雄。对于他们,心灵的力量远比武力重要。"
precise:精确
"This is a very racist society,"Toledo said during his final campaign stop in the highlands city of Cuzco. "The elitist leadership still has trouble digesting the possibility that someone like us could come to govern."
"这是一个种族主义很严重的国家，"托莱多在竞选运动的最后一站古印加帝国的首都库斯科说道："就算最精英的领导层也很难接受像我这样的人来统治这个国家。
elitist:精英
"This is evil in all things which are done under the sun: that there is one fate for all, and the hearts of the sons of men are full of evil; while they have life their hearts are foolish, and after that--to the dead."
在日光之下所行的一切事上，有一件祸患，就是众人所遭遇的，都是一样。并且世人的心，充满了恶。活着的时候心里愚蠢，后来就归死人那里去了。
foolish:愚蠢
"This is the Chicago River,"and he pointed to a little muddy creek, crowded with the huge masted wanderers from far-off waters nosing the black-posted banks.
"那是芝加哥河。 "他指着一条泥的小河，河里充塞着来自远方的帆船。这些船桅杆耸立，船头碰擦着竖有黑色木杆的河岸。
muddy:泥
"This terrific push against the piston forces it downward, and a power impulse is transmitted through the connecting rod to the crankpin on the crankshaft. The crankshaft is rotated as the piston is pushed down by the pressure above it."
作用于活塞上惊人的推动力推动活塞向下运动,并将这一推力通过连杆传到曲轴上的连杆轴颈上。因此,当活塞受压向下运动时,推动曲轴转动。
terrific:惊人
"This will I do to you: I will put fear in your hearts, even wasting disease and burning pain, drying up the eyes and making the soul feeble, and you will get no profit from your seed, for your haters will take it for food."
我待你们就要这样，我必命定虚弱，叫眼目干瘪，精神消耗的痨病热病辖制你们。你们也要白白地撒种，因为仇敌要吃你们所种的。
feeble:虚弱
"Three Rams Bringing Bliss"is one popular auspicious design among the Chinese people.
“三羊开泰”是中国民间流行的吉祥图案。
popular:流行
"To fib", for you English-learners, is an important colloquial verb meaning "to lie", but it is also slightly euphemistic: it takes the sting out of the act,hinting that the lie was minor or pardonable, a "white lie", not malicious deception.
对于英语学习者来说,"To fib"(说小谎)是个很重要的俗语,意思是说谎,但是比较傲慢:它去除了让说谎者感到难堪的成分,暗示这个谎言很小,而且是可以原谅的,是个"白色的谎言",不是恶意的欺骗。
euphemistic:傲慢
"To give you pleasure, my sweet Renée, I promise to show all the lenity in my power; but if the charges brought against this Bonapartist hero prove correct, why, then, you really must give me leave to order his head to be cut off."Renée shuddered.
蕾妮一听到最后两个字便痉挛似的震颤了一下，把头转向了一边，好象她那甜美的天性受不了如此冷酷，说要把一个活生生的人杀掉似的。
sweet:甜美
"Traditional Chinese painting has many styles. One of them, done in the meticulous and realistic style, is called Gongbi. Gongbi painting is characterized by fine brushwork, close attention to detail and bright colors."
中国传统绘画风格流派甚多，一种写实的手法叫工笔画。工笔画笔法明亮，注重细节和色彩绚丽。
bright:明亮
"Transient Blindness (Blackout) can result from vertical acceleration causing high gravitational forces, glomerulonephritis (a kidney disease), or a clot in a Blood vessel of the eye. "
导致暂时性盲(一时性黑暗)的原因有:垂直方向加速产生高的重力;肾小球肾炎(一种肾病);眼睛血管中的血栓。
high:高
"Tujia brocade is hand-made by the local women. It is with classically simple style features, wide veins of bright colors and diverse patterns."
土家织锦是当地妇女手工织成。传统上是尽格简练，花纹明亮绚丽和图案多样。
bright:明亮
"Two bronze chariots, each with four horses, were. unearthed near Xi'an in 1980, and they prove to be the exquisite examples of the bronze craftsmanship of the age."
1980年．在西安附近出土了2辆铜车马俑，每辆车配4匹马。它们证实了当时优美的铸铜工艺水平。
exquisite:优美
"Up to this point,"said Faria, interrupting the thread of his narrative, "this seems to you very meaningless, no doubt, eh?"
“讲到这里为止，”法利亚打断自己的话头说，“你一定觉得这非常毫无意义吧？”
meaningless:毫无意义
"Usually measured over an arm or leg artery in humans, blood pressure is expressed as two numbers; normal adult blood pressure is about 120/80 mm of mercury. The higher number (systolic) is measured when the heart's ventricles contract and the lower (diastolic) when they relax. "
人的血压通常在臂动脉或股动脉处可测得，用两个数字来表示；正常的成人血压约为120/80mmHg。高的数字（收缩压）是在心室收缩时测得的，较低的数字（舒张压）为心室舒张时测得的。
higher:高
"Waldner,one of the most popular table tennis players in Sweden,won his country's only gold medal in the 1992 Olympics. He also won several medals for the World Championships:a gold in 1989, a silver in 1991 and a Bronze in 1993."
瓦尔德内尔,瑞典最流行的乒乓球员之一,1992年为他的祖国赢得唯一一枚奥运会金牌。他也获得过几枚世锦赛奖牌,1989年获得金牌,1991年获得银牌,1993年获得铜牌。
popular:流行
"WeI1, rock paintings boast a wealth of detail hidden in their bold images and smooth lines. "
岩画充分利用形象质朴大胆，线条流畅有力来表现造型，细节在其中表现出来。
bold:大胆
"WeI1, rock paintings boast a wealth of detail hidden in their bold images and smooth lines. "
岩画充分利用形象质朴粗犷，线条大胆有力来表现造型，细节在其中表现出来。
bold:大胆
"WeI1, rock paintings boast a wealth of detail hidden in their bold images and smooth lines. "
岩画充分利用形象质朴粗犷，线条平滑有力来表现造型，细节在其中表现出来。
smooth:平滑
"Well,"she said innocently, weary of her own mental discussion and wondering at his haste and ill-concealed excitement, "what makes you hurry so?"
“咦，"她天真地说，这当儿她想心事已经想烦了，看到他匆匆忙忙的样子和难以掩饰的疲倦神情不由感到奇怪，"你为什么这么慌慌张张的？
weary:疲倦
"When pride comes, there comes shame, but wisdom is with the quiet in spirit."
骄傲来，羞耻也来。安静人却有智慧。
quiet:安静
"When the RAF finally discharge him he will be a very rare bear indeed - we just hope he does not burn up on re-entry to Earth."
"当他最后从英国皇家空军退役时,它将成为一只罕见的玩具熊。我们只希望它在返回地球时不要烧起来。"
rare:罕见
"When the men of Israel saw the danger they were in, (for the people were troubled,) they took cover in cracks in the hillsides and in the woods and in rocks and holes and hollows."
以色列百姓见自己麻烦窘迫，就藏在山洞，丛林，石穴，隐密处，和坑中。
troubled:麻烦
"When the men of Israel saw the danger they were in, (for the people were troubled,) they took cover in cracks in the hillsides and in the woods and in rocks and holes and hollows."
以色列百姓见自己危急麻烦，就藏在山洞，丛林，石穴，隐密处，和坑中。
troubled:麻烦
"While there's life there's hope"is a conviction not so entirely unknown to the'betrayed'as some amiable theorists would have us believe.
“有生命就有希望”那种友善的信心，“吃过亏”的人并不是完全不知道，象那般活宝贝儿空论家要我们相信的那样。
amiable:友善
"Who makes the designs of the wise go wrong, so that they are unable to give effect to their purposes."
破坏聪明人的计谋，使他们所谋的不得成就。
wise:聪明
"Why is your face covered, and why do you give no thought to our trouble and our cruel fate?"
你为何掩面，不顾我们所遭的残酷，和所受的欺压。
cruel:残酷
"With this signature,"he said in soft-spoken German, "the German people and armed forces are for better or worse delivered into the victors' hands.
他用柔软的德语说：“签字之后，德国人民和军队福祸吉凶，就掌握在战胜国的手中了。”
soft:柔软
"Would you keep yourselves till they were old enough? would you keep from having husbands for them? No, my daughters; but I am very sad for you that the hand of the Lord is against me."
你们岂能等着他们长大呢?你们岂能等着他们不嫁别人呢?我女儿们哪，不要这样，我为你们的缘故，甚是悲伤，因为耶和华伸手攻击我。
sad:悲伤
"Yes, she is,"she returned, cheerfully, a little suggestion of possible defect in herself awakening in her mind.
“可能的，她走路姿势很好看。 "她愉快地回答，脑子里就想到也许自己在这方面有些小缺陷。
possible:可能的
"Yes,"resumed the Bishop, "you have come from a very sad place.
“是呀，”主教说，“您是从悲伤地方出来的。
sad:悲伤
"You are bold travellers,"said he,"and you will succeed in your audacious enterprise."
“你们是勇敢的旅行家，”他开始道，“你们英勇大胆的事业一定会成功的。
bold:大胆
"You are bold travellers,"said he,"and you will succeed in your audacious enterprise."
“你们是大胆的旅行家，”他开始道，“你们英勇豪迈的事业一定会成功的。
audacious:大胆
"You are bold travellers,"said he,"and you will succeed in your audacious enterprise."
“你们是大胆的旅行家，”他开始道，“你们英勇豪迈的事业一定会成功的。
bold:大胆
"You are very provoking, and will not give me credit for anything; but let me hear this second proof, which you yourself own to be absurd."
“你这个人真叫人恼火，一点都不肯相信我的话，不过我还是听听你自己都认为是挑衅的第二个证据吧。”
provoking:挑衅
"You prefer, then,"said the abbé, "that I should bestow on men you say are false and treacherous, the reward intended for faithful friendship?"
“那么您愿意，”教士说道，“我把那本来预备用来报答忠实的友谊的东西，给你所说的那些虚伪和叛徒的人吗？”
treacherous:叛徒
"You prefer, then,"said the abbé, "that I should bestow on men you say are false and treacherous, the reward intended for faithful friendship?"
“那么您愿意，”教士说道，“我把那本来预备用来报答忠实的友谊的东西，给你所说的那些叛徒和可耻的人吗？”
treacherous:叛徒
"You're acting like a little boy,"I broke out impatiently. "Not only that, but you're rude.
“你的行动像一个小孩，”我粗鲁地发作说，“不但如此，你也很没礼貌。
rude:粗鲁
"Young and weak as I am, I have wonderful magic powers and great eloquence and cunning. I swear to manage better than all the rest."
"我虽年小身弱,却是法术无边,口齿伶俐,机谋美妙.此去管比他们偷的还巧呢."
wonderful:美妙
"and Buddhist murals, for example, portrayed an all-powerful, remote, and mysterious being, whose stern gaze dominated the interiors of temples, churches, and sanctuaries."
比如，早期基督教和佛教壁画描绘了一个全能的，超然的和遥远的神．其严峻的目光笼罩着庙宇，教堂和圣所的内部。
remote:遥远
"and again I saw under the sun that the reward goes not to him who is quick, or the fruits of war to the strong; and there is no bread for the wise, or wealth for men of learning, or respect for those who have knowledge; but time and chance come to all."
我又转念，见日光之下，快跑的未必能赢，力战的未必得胜，智慧的未必得粮食，明哲的未必得赀财，坚固的未必得喜悦。所临到众人的，是在乎当时的机会。
strong:坚固
"and as for the rest of you, I will make their hearts feeble in the land of their haters, and the sound of a leaf moved by the wind will send them in flight, and they will go in flight as from the sword, falling down when no one comes after them;"
至于你们剩下的人，我要使他们在仇敌之地心惊虚弱。叶子被风吹的响声，要追赶他们，他们要逃避，像人逃避刀剑，无人追赶，却要跌倒。
feeble:虚弱
"and then I saw seven other heads, dry, thin, and wasted by the east wind, coming up after them:"
随后又长了七个穗子，枯槁瘦，被东风吹焦了。
thin:瘦
"and you will be a name of shame and a cause of bitter words, an example and a wonder to the nations round about you, when I give effect to my judging among you in wrath and in passion and in burning protests: I the Lord have said it:"
这样，我必以怒气和忿怒，并烈怒的责备，向你施行审判。那时，你就在四围的列国中成为羞辱，讥刺，警戒，苦。这是我耶和华说的。
bitter:苦
"are we again to go against your orders, taking wives from among the people who do these disgusting things? would you not be angry with us till our destruction was complete, till there was not one who got away safe?"
我们岂可再违背你的命令，与这行生气之事的民结亲呢?若这样行，你岂不向我们发怒，将我们灭绝，以致没有一个剩下逃脱的人吗?
angry:生气
"basement membrane:a thin, delicate layer of connective tissue underlying the epithelium of many organs."
基膜:一种瘦的结缔组织,位于许多器官的上皮细胞下面。
thin:瘦
"beak:The horny, projecting structure forming the mandibles of a bird, especially one that is strong, sharp, and useful in striking and tearing; a bill."
鸟喙,鸟嘴:构成鸟嘴上下喙的角质突出结构,尤指尖锐、锋利且有撕扯、刺穿之功用。
sharp:尖锐
"because some such systems appear able to learn from their mistakes, they are often considered a crude form of artificial intelligence."
因为有些粗糙逻辑系统好象能从错误中学习,并能模仿人类的思想过程,所以它们常被称为是人工智能的原始形式
crude:粗糙
"birch:any of various deciduous trees or shrubs of the genus Betula, native to the Northern Hemisphere and having unisexual flowers in catkins, alternate, simple, toothed leaves, and bark that often peels in thin papery layers."
桦:一种桦属的落叶树木或灌木,生长于北半球,生有柔荑花序,互生、单茎齿状叶子的单性花以及经常脱去瘦如纸层的树皮。
thin:瘦
"birth defect:a physiological or structural abnormality that develops at or before birth and is present at the time of birth, especially as a result of faulty development, infection, heredity, or injury."
先天缺损:在出生时或出生前产生的生理或结构畸形,尤其指由错误发育、传染、遗传或受伤造成。
faulty:错误
"bittern:any of several wading birds of the genera Botaurus and Ixobrychus, having mottled, brownish plumage and a deep, booming cry in the male."
麻鸠,小鹭:一种麻属和粘豆象属的涉水禽鸟,有斑驳的褐色羽毛,其雄鸟有悠长而隆隆的叫声。
booming:隆隆
"camp:an affectation or appreciation of manners and tastes commonly thought to be artificial, vulgar, or banal."
下流,庸俗,做作:行为或情趣上的矫揉造作,通常被认为是不自然的、粗俗的或野蛮的。
vulgar:野蛮
"dry point:a technique of intaglio engraving in which a hard steel needle is used to incise lines in a metal, usually copper plate, with the rough burr at the sides of the incised lines often retained to produce a velvety black tone in the print."
"铜版雕刻法:一种凹雕技术,使用干钢针在金属,一般是铜版上刻线,刻线的粗糙边缘一般被保留,以使印刷时产生丝绒般的黑色调."
dry:干
"he fetched in a lad more slightly built that Baoyu yet even more handsome, with fine features, a fair complexion, red lips, a graceful figure and pleasing manners, but as bashful as a girl."
"果然出去带进一个小后生来,较宝玉略瘦些,眉清目秀,粉面朱唇,身材优雅,举止风流,似在宝玉之上,只是怯怯羞羞,有女儿之态"
graceful:优雅
"sometimes through that alchemy of quiet malice, by which women can concoct a subtile poison from ordinary trifles;"
有时她们不动声色地对她施展阴谋,因为女人们最善于利用日常琐事调制安静的毒剂
quiet:安静
"sometimes through that alchemy of quiet malice, by which women can concoct a subtile poison from ordinary trifles;"
有时她们不动声色地对她施展阴谋,因为女人们最善于利用日常琐事调制狡猾的毒剂
subtile:狡猾
"you extricated us from a great dilemma, and we were on the point of inventing a very fantastic vehicle when your friendly invitation reached us."
“我们正在左右为难，大伤脑筋的时候，您给我们解了围，我们接到您那友善的邀请的时候，正在发明一种异想天开的车子呢。”
friendly:友善
'He told me that he was travelling on business of a delicate and difficult nature, which might get people into trouble, and that he was therefore travelling under an assumed name.
“他告诉我他在为一件很敏感、很棘手、很可能给别人带来灾祸的事奔走，因此旅行时使用了假名。
delicate:敏感
'I needn't remind you of that terrible tie you bought yesterday. '
“我也不必提醒你昨天买的那条可怕透了的领带。”
terrible:可怕
'I suppose I came to propose. 'He seemed to fight shy of the last word.
“我想我是来求婚的。”他似乎羞怯吐出最后这几个字。
shy:羞怯
'I thought, my father,' said Lucie, excusing herself, with a pale face and in a faltering voice, 'that I heard strange feet upon the stairs.'
“我觉得，父亲，”露西脸色苍白，口气奇怪地解释说，“我听见楼梯上有陌生的脚步声。”
strange:奇怪
'I'll bear it in mind,' said Silver, with an accent so curious that I could not, for the life of me, decide whether he were laughing at my request, or had been favourably affected by my courage.
“我一定记在心上。” 希尔弗说。他的语气非常好奇，我怎么也判断不了他究竟是在嘲笑我提出的请求呢，还是被我的勇气打动了。
curious:好奇
'Postscript. - I did not tell you that Blandly, who, by the way is to send a consort after us if we don't turn up by the end of August, had found an admirable fellow for sailing master - a stiff man, which I regret, but, in all other respects, treasure.
又及：我忘记告诉你了，布兰德利说如果我们到八月底还没有回来，他将另派一艘船去找我们。他还找到了一位非常可敬的人当我们的船长，这个人可惜有些僵硬，但在其他方面却是个难得的人才。
stiff:僵硬
'Silver,' said the other man - and I observed he was not only red in the face, but spoke as hoarse as a crow, and his voice shook, too, like a taut rope –'Silver,' says he, 'you're old, and you're honest, or has the name for it;
“希尔弗，”另一个说。— —我发觉这个人不仅脸涨得通红，而且说话的声音像乌鸦的啼叫一样沙哑，又像绷紧的绳索一样发颤。— —“希尔弗，”他说，“你年纪也大了，而且人也很正派，至少名声不粗糙。
hoarse:粗糙
'That is all clear, and, I daresay, true enough,' replied Livesey. 'We take the risk; but we are not so ignorant as you believe us.
“你说得很清楚，而且也都是大实话，”利维塞大夫说，“我们是在冒险，但我们也并不像你想象的那么无知。
ignorant:无知
'There is not,' pursued the nephew, in his former tone, 'a face I can look at, in all this country round about us, which looks at me with any deference on it but the dark deference of fear and slavery.'
“在这周围的乡村里，”侄子仍用刚才的口气说，“我就看不到一张对我表示尊重的面孔，有的只是对于黑暗与奴役的阴沉的服从。”
dark:黑暗
'You are the fellow we want,' said Defarge, in his ear; 'you make these fools believe that it will last for ever. Then, they are the more insolent, and it is the nearer ended.'
“我们正需要你这样的人，”德伐日对着他耳朵说，“你让这些傻瓜们以为这种局面可以天长地久，于是他们就更加暴躁，也就垮得更早。”
insolent:暴躁
'You must be tired.' 'On the contrary, I feel wide awake.'
你一定很累了。相反, 我感觉很疲倦。
tired:疲倦
'You see,' said Doctor Manette, turning to him after an uneasy pause, 'it is very hard to explain, consistently, the innermost workings of this poor man's mind.
“你看，”曼内特医生不安地过了一会儿才转向他说，“对这个可怜的人最深层的内心活动很难做前后一致的解释。
uneasy:不安
(Lean on the machine with both hands, lift one leg to the back or side, keeping it straight, lower it, change legs.
（手按在复印机上，向后面或者左右侧抬腿，让腿保持斜，然后放下来，然后再换另外一条腿。
Lean:斜
(13) Japan to launch most ferocious attacks on the Eighth Route Army by bringing up her troops from central and southern China as reinforcements to the north, and to co-operate with the Kuomintang forces in order to annihilate the whole Eighth Route and New Fourth Armies.
（十三）日军将原驻华中华南的兵力向华北增加，最凶猛地进攻八路军，与国民党军队合作，全部消灭八路军新四军；
ferocious:凶猛
(Brit) a plain or twilled wool-and-cotton fabric used especially for warm shirts or skirts and pajamas.
（英国）尤其是用于平坦的衬衫、裙子和睡衣的朴素或斜纹的毛纺和棉布纤维。
plain:平坦
(fine arts) of or created by one without formal training; simple or naive in style.
（美术）指没有受过正式训练或由没受过正式训练的人创造；风格愚蠢质朴。
naive:愚蠢
) Mr Sarkozy will hold talks with Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, at Airbus's Toulouse headquarters on July16 th in the hope of finding a way to replace its clumsy bicephalic leadership with a simple line of command that nevertheless does not upset French or German sensibilities.
）科齐先生将与德国总理安格拉?克尔于7月16日在空客的图卢兹总部举行会谈，希望探寻方法，以简单明了且不会刺痛法国或德国敏感神经的命令下达途径代替笨拙的双头控制的领导模式。
clumsy:笨拙
-- The lively summer tints tempted me to reach for my camera from time to time.
—夏日活泼夺目的各种色彩引逗着我频频举起相机。
lively:活泼
1. Businesss: Engagements can range from vital (potential new client or high po wered client) to inconsequential (Bingo from accounting).
1.商业性的：这类约会有至关重要的(与潜在的新客户的或者能量高的客户进行的约会)，也有无关紧要的。
high:高
The eyes of the Lord keep watch over knowledge, but he frustrates the words of the unfaithful.
耶和华的眼目，眷顾聪明人，却倾败不诚实人的言语。
unfaithful:不诚实
154. We are one of the world s most crime-free cities. This is largely attributable to our professional Police Force. Our excellent co-operation with Mainland and overseas law enforcement agencies has also helped in containing crime.
１５４．香港是全球罪案率最低的城市之一，这主要是因为我们有非常出色的警队维护法纪，又能与内地和海外执法机关合作无间。
excellent:非常出色
NIV] We have heard reports about them, and our hands hang limp. Anguish has gripped us, pain like that of a woman in labor.
24 [和合]我们听见他们的风声，手就松弛，28痛苦将我们抓住，疼痛仿佛产难的妇人。
limp:松弛
3.? Move Around - Get your body moving as you would if you were extremely motivated to do something. This ‘faking it’ approach to motivation may seem silly or crude, but it works.
让自己动起来——如果你非常想做某件事情，那就让你的身体按你的意愿行动起来。这种“假象”做法似乎愚蠢很幼稚，但很有效。
silly:愚蠢
NIV] The Lord will cause men to hear his majestic voice and will make them see his arm coming down with raging anger and consuming fire, with cloudburst, thunderstorm and hail.
30 [和合]耶和华必使人听他雄伟的声音，又显他降罚的膀臂和他怒中的忿恨，并吞灭的火焰与霹雷、37风、38雹。
majestic:雄伟
NIV] David was greatly distressed because the men were talking of stoning him; each one was bitter in spirit because of his sons and daughters.
6 [和合]大卫甚是焦急，因众人为自己的儿女悲伤，说:“要用4石头打死他!
distressed:悲伤
A State which bore this kind of fruit, and suffered it to drop off as fast as it ripened, would prepare the way for a still more perfect and glorious State, which also I have imagined, but not yet anywhere seen.
一个结出这种果实的国家在果实成熟时即行衰落，从而为更完美、更光荣的国家铺平道路；那样的国家我想象过，但在世界上任何地方尚未见到过。
glorious:光荣
A bad attack of lumbago unfitted him for work in the garden.
因腰部风湿病发作得很坏,他无法做园子里的工作。
bad:坏
A bank must communicate an image that is both secure and prudent.
一家银行必须传播给公众的形象是安全和谨慎。
prudent:谨慎
A black character, a womanish character, a stubborn character, bestial, childish, animal, stupid, counterfeit, scurrilous, fraudulent, tyrannical.
忧郁的、弱的、执的、性的、成熟的、物式的、顽固的、装的、鄙的、诈的、暴的，形形色色的人。
stubborn:顽固
A blackout Monday across the entire city added to worries, with critics noting that a repeat of the outage would leave the costly security installations literally powerless.
周一雅典全城的灯火管制也增加大家的忧虑，评论也一再重复提到，停电将会使昂贵的保全装置完全无能。
powerless:无能
A blazing sun upon a fierce August day was no greater rarity in southern France,
八月凶猛日子里赤日当空在法国南部已经不是什么罕见的事，
fierce:凶猛
A blow from the tall, strong boy left a black and blue mark on his nose.
那个高大强壮的男孩子一拳把他打得鼻子淤蓝色了。
blue:蓝色
A bond concert is a melodic lap dance:the four sylphs do energetic things with their orchestral instruments,not to mention their hips,that would compel Stradivari to order an exorcism.
棒辣妹的演奏会是一场精力充沛迷人、性感四射的舞蹈表演：四个窈窕淑女用手中的管弦乐器激情演奏，她们随音乐扭摆的腰臀足以让史特拉第瓦里找人来驱魔。
energetic:精力充沛
A bond concert is a melodic lap dance:the four sylphs do energetic things with their orchestral instruments,not to mention their hips,that would compel Stradivari to order an exorcism.
棒辣妹的演奏会是一场旋律迷人、性感四射的舞蹈表演：四个窈窕淑女用手中的管弦乐器激情演奏，她们随音乐扭摆的腰臀足以让史特拉第瓦里找人来驱魔。
melodic:旋律
A burst of fear and shock and black as he hit, and then he was adrift in a strange strange sky, forgetting, remembering, forgetting; afraid and sad and sorry, terribly sorry.
他撞上去的时候，心中爆发出一阵恐惧和悲伤，眼前一阵发黑，跟着他好像在一个十分奇怪的太空中飘浮，失去了记忆，恢复了记忆，恢复了又失去；他又是害怕，又是发愁，心里很难过，非常难过。
sad:悲伤
A capsule is long and thin and you'll open it up. You can also take out what's in a capsule.
而胶囊通常长而瘦，你可以把它打开，把里面的药倒出来。
thin:瘦
A carbonate or hydroxide of an alkali metal, the aqueous solution of which is bitter, slippery, caustic, and characteristically basic in reactions.
碱碱金属的碳酸盐或氢氧化物，其水解溶液味苦、滑腻、粗糙且在反应中呈碱性
caustic:粗糙
A career soldier would have been nervous at going with such bad news to see the supreme commander of the nation's armed forces.
一个职业军人带着如此紧张的消息去见三军总指挥一定会感到惊慌不安的。
nervous:紧张
A classic example of this phenomenon of anhydrobiosis is that the germination of lotus seeds found buried in a peat bog in the north-eastern China, where they reputedly had survived for more than 2000 years.
有关脱水生活现象经典的例子是，掩埋在中国东北据说已有两千年历史的泥炭沼泽中的莲子籽居然能发芽。
classic:经典
A close examination reveals that the edge of the shadow is not perfectly sharp.
精密的检查表明，影子的边沿不是绝对尖锐的。
sharp:尖锐
A crowd had began to gather, eyeing the spilled merchandise with avid eyes.
人群开始聚拢来，用狂热的目光看着撒在地上的货物。
avid:狂热
A crudely built camp put up usually on the edge of a town to house the dispossessed and destitute during the depression of the1930's.
胡佛村20世纪30年代大萧条时期为破产者和穷人者，在城市边缘建造的简陋的帐篷
destitute:穷人
A design, can replace effectively the artificial massage, unfolding physique of the whole body strain with the muscle, alleviate the strain of the human body with oppresses to feel, make whole body relaxed and matchless.
其独特的按摩头设计，能有效代替人工按摩，舒展全身放松的筋骨和肌肉，减轻人体的放松和压迫感，使全身舒畅无比。
relaxed:放松
A discolored swelling under the eye caused by a blow; a black eye.
眼部黑肿眼睛下部因受打击而起的肿块；被打得黑的眼睛
black:黑
A doctor was called in to see a rather testy aristocrat.
一个性格相当不耐烦的贵族召来了一位医生为他看
testy:不耐烦
A dozen or more bowls and a handful of bamboo chopsticks are slapped down on these tables, and the girl on duty as cook puts a tin bucket of thin, watery congee in the middle.
十几只碗，一把竹筷，胡乱地放在桌上，轮值烧稀饭的就将一洋铅桶浆糊一般的瘦粥放在板桌中央。
thin:瘦
A dull member of the audience could never anticipate the tag line of a joke before it was spoken.
沉闷的听众决不能预先猜到一个笑话的精彩结束语。
dull:沉闷
A face habitually suppressed and quieted, was still lighted up under the quaint wig by a pair of moist bright eyes that it must have cost their owner, in years gone by, some pains to drill to the composed and reserved expression of Tellson's Bank.
可在那奇妙的假发之下那对光泽潮湿的眼睛却闪着光辉。看来这人在训练成为台尔森银行的那种胸有城府、不动声色的表情的过程中确曾饱经磨练。
moist:潮湿
A fail break-in at the democratic national committee office's there led to the discovery of the illegal activities.
有人试图闯入民主党国家委员会办公室失败，却意外发现了一些违法行为。
fail:失败
A faint luminous fog, which had hung in the hollows all the evening, became general and enveloped them.
一片暗淡而发亮的雾气，本来一晚上都弥漫在低谷里的，现在散布得漫山遍野，把他们包围起来。
faint:暗淡
A flat, brittle cookie spiced with ginger and sweetened with molasses.
姜饼一种平坦而脆的饼干，用姜汁调味并加糖蜜使之甜
flat:平坦
A fleshy, wrinkled, often brightly colored fold of skin hanging from the neck or throat, characteristic of certain birds, such as chickens or turkeys, and some lizards.
肉垂一些鸟从脖子或喉咙垂下的肉质、有褶皱、通常色彩柔软的皮肤褶皱，如鸡，火鸡和一些蜥蜴
fleshy:柔软
A fly ball hit for fielding practice by a player who tosses the ball up and hits it on its way down with a long, thin, light bat.
飞球运动员为防守练习而击打的腾空球，先将球抛起来，在球未落地前，用长而瘦的轻快球棒击打
thin:瘦
A fox ran across a field in front of him, as fast as a greyhound, as graceful as a cat.
一只狐狸在他眼前一晃而过，象猎狗一样迅速，象猫儿一样优雅。
graceful:优雅
A garbage-strewn alley in the dirty Red Light District in Los Angeles' Chinatown of the 1920s serves as the shooting location, re-creating a mean street from Chaplin's feral boyhood in the slums of South London.
拍摄地点是在二十年代洛杉矶唐人街里野蛮的红灯区一条遍布垃圾的小巷，这再现了卓别林桀骜不驯的童年所生活的伦敦南部一条简陋街道的情景。
feral:野蛮
A gel that doesn't just hold but volumizes and inflates the hair. Apply to damp hair and apply heat to activate for firm hold and volume.
增加头发厚度及强烈坚固效果，提供不黏腻的中度支撑力，从发根到发尾都能感受支撑魔力。
firm:坚固
A half-equipped little knight she was, venturing to reconnoitre the mysterious city and dreaming wild dreams of some vague, far-off supremacy, which should make it prey and subject--the proper penitent, grovelling at a woman's slipper.
她还只是一个装备不全的小骑士，正冒险出发去侦察神秘的大城市，梦想着某个模糊的将来她将征服这新世界，让那大城市俯首称臣，诚惶诚恐，跪倒在她的脚下。
vague:模糊
A handsome, tough-looking boy of nine popped up from behind the table.
有个面目英俊，外表不耐烦的九岁男孩从桌子后面跳了出来。
tough:不耐烦
A kind of solace had come with the certainty he had acquired and, to drive off the somber image which often thrust itself into his mind, he plunged into the happier memories of his affair with Marguerite and appeared willing to recall no others.
他对玛格丽特的死已经确信无疑，心中反而感到轻松，为了驱走经常出现在他眼前的沉闷的形象，他一直在追忆跟玛格丽特交往时最幸福的时刻，似乎他也只愿意回忆这些事情。
somber:沉闷
A large aquatic rodent(Ondatra zibethica)of North America, related to the lemming and the vole and having a dense brown coat and musk glands under a broad, flat tail.
麝鼠一种美洲北部的大型水生啮齿动物（麝香鼠），与旅鼠和田鼠有关，长有深褐色皮毛和平坦而扁的尾巴（下有放出麝香味的分泌腺）
flat:平坦
A large, fierce baboon(Papio sphinx) of western Africa, having a beard, crest, and mane and brilliant blue, purple, and scarlet facial markings in the adult male.
山魈一种产于西非的大型狒狒（山魈山魈属），性情凶猛，成年雄性山魈有胡子，头上有冠状物和鬃毛，脸部有明亮的蓝色、紫色和红色标记
fierce:凶猛
A large, fierce baboon(Papio sphinx) of western Africa, having a beard, crest, and mane and brilliant blue, purple, and scarlet facial markings in the adult male.
山魈一种产于西非的大型狒狒（山魈山魈属），性情暴烈，成年雄性山魈有胡子，头上有冠状物和鬃毛，脸部有英俊的蓝色、紫色和红色标记
brilliant:英俊
A large, long - legged antelope(Boselaphus tragocamelus)of India, the male of which has short, sturdy horns and a tuft of long hair under the chin.
鹿牛羚印度产的一种大型长腿羚羊（鹿牛羚羚羊属），雄兽生有短且坚固的角且下鄂部下面有一撮长毛
sturdy:坚固
A light humorous, nonsensical, or bawdy verse of five anapestic lines usually with the rhyme scheme aabba.
五行打油诗韵脚通常为aabba的可笑、无聊或下流的抑抑扬格五行诗
bawdy:可笑
A light yacht, chaste and elegant in its form, was gliding amidst the first dews of night over the immense lake, extending from Gibraltar to the Dardanelles, and from Tunis to Venice.
在这片从直布罗陀到达达尼尔，从突尼斯到威尼斯的浩瀚无垠的大海上，一艘优雅、漂亮、轻捷的游艇正在黄昏的轻雾中穿行。
elegant:优雅
A light yacht, chaste and elegant in its form, was gliding amidst the first dews of night over the immense lake, extending from Gibraltar to the Dardanelles, and from Tunis to Venice.
在这片从直布罗陀到达达尼尔，从突尼斯到威尼斯的浩瀚无垠的大海上，一艘整洁、优雅、轻捷的游艇正在黄昏的轻雾中穿行。
elegant:优雅
A little disgusted and depressed he turned to retrace his steps, for all at once he felt himself very much of a nobody.
他有些懊恼，有些厌恶，就掉过头，从原路走回去，因为他突然觉得自己简直一文不值。
disgusted:厌恶
A little further on I caught sight of yet another human being, a tall gaunt old woman in cap and shawl.
再往前走，我又看到一个人，一个头戴帽子、肩围披肩、面容迷恋的高个子老年妇女。
gaunt:迷恋
A long sleek one for the Mediterranean or a tiny one for your bathtub?
造型柔和的狭长地中海型，还是小巧的浴缸型？
sleek:柔和
A long, thin float attached parallel to a seagoing canoe by projecting spars as a means of preventing it from capsizing.
舷外浮材，舷外浮体一种又长又瘦的浮标，通过突出的圆材平行地连在航行的小船上，用作防止船翻的工具
thin:瘦
A member of any of various Moslem ascetic orders, some of which perform whirling dances and vigorous chanting as acts of ecstatic devotion.
（穆斯林）狂舞托钵僧，苦行僧穆斯林禁欲僧侣，他们常以旋转的舞蹈和大声交谈表示其对宗教的精力充沛虔诚
vigorous:精力充沛
A member of any of various Moslem ascetic orders, some of which perform whirling dances and vigorous chanting as acts of ecstatic devotion.
（穆斯林）狂舞托钵僧，苦行僧穆斯林禁欲僧侣，他们常以旋转的舞蹈和大声交谈表示其对宗教的兴奋的虔诚
ecstatic:兴奋
A mood-enhancing herb; mildly astringent, anti-inflammatory and anti-microbial, a beneficial ingredient in facial treatments for oily, acne-prone skin, as well as for dry, sensitive or irritated skin; helps speed tissue healing.
能将血清水平提升，减低情绪抑郁；植物性敏感特质可收敛抑制油脂过度分泌，对清洁头发及头皮油污、暗疮性皮肤有很好的功效，亦可加快伤口愈合。
sensitive:敏感
A mood-enhancing herb; mildly astringent, anti-inflammatory and anti-microbial, a beneficial ingredient in facial treatments for oily, acne-prone skin, as well as for dry, sensitive or irritated skin; helps speed tissue healing.
能将血清水平提升，减低情绪烦躁；植物性温和特质可收敛抑制油脂过度分泌，对清洁头发及头皮油污、暗疮性皮肤有很好的功效，亦可加快伤口愈合。
irritated:烦躁
A moorland plateau of Cornwall in southwest England.It is a popular tourist area with notable prehistoric ruins.
埃克斯穆尔高地英格兰西南康沃尔的一片荒野高原。它是一个受欢迎的旅游区，有流行的史前遗迹
popular:流行
A nap had soothed away the faint lines of tiredness beside her eyes.
她小睡片刻，眼角边因暗淡而引起的细细纹溜业已消失了。
faint:暗淡
A nation that fortifies the world's most productive economy even as it protects the great natural bounty of our water, air, and majestic land.
在这个国家，尽管要保卫海陆空的雄伟疆界，也能够加强世界上最有生产力的经济。
majestic:雄伟
A nature, gentle, humours female. Bona fides is my first choice of making friends. I enjoy peaceful and happy marriage life. He can speak chinese so that we communicate well.
我是一个平易近人，性情温和，风趣幽默的人。快乐是我交朋友的首选。不喜欢烦嚣、闹的生活。喜欢安逸、静的简约生活,希望能牵着伴侣的手走完人生之旅.
happy:快乐
A new study has found that lazy Saturday and Sunday lie-ins can disturb your body clock, leaving you fatigued at the start of the week.
一份新研究发现，周六周日贪睡可能打乱身体的生物钟，让你在一周之初懒惰无力。
lazy:懒惰
A number of jokes reflect their unique perspective-e. g. St. Peter was welcoming a new arrival when a red Ferrari driv-en by a bearded older man in a tweed hat zoomed at full speed through the pearly gates.
很多玩笑反映了他们这种新的观点——比如：圣彼得正在欢迎一位刚到天堂的人，这时一位戴花呢帽、留着胡子的老头开着辆红色费拉里车急驰穿过镶嵌着珍珠的大门。
new:新
A parakeet(Melopsittacus undulatus)native to Australia and having green, yellow, or blue plumage.It is a popular cage bird bred in a variety of colors not found in wild populations.
虎皮鹦鹉一种长尾鹦鹉（虎皮鹦鹉）属原产于澳大利亚，有绿色，黄色或蓝色的羽衣。是一种良流行的颜色样的笼养鸟，未见有野生
popular:流行
A patriotic Chevy pickup advises H8 4N TRX, while sedate black sedans with Clergy medallions offer INRI or III XVI, an allusion to the verse from the Book of St.
若车主是一个爱国的切维蔡斯俱乐部成员，建议其车牌用H8 4N TRX； 一辆挂有牧师车牌的镇定的黑色轿车叫作INRI或者III XVI，暗指《约翰福音》的章节。
sedate:镇定
A person considered to be reclusive, reactionary, out of date, or brutish.
稳居者，遁世者被认为是离群索居、反动的，过时的或残忍的人
brutish:残忍
A person who renounces material comforts and leads a life of austere self-discipline, especially as an act of religious devotion.
苦行者一个放弃物质享受，过着粗鲁自律生活的人，尤指作为虔诚的宗教行为
austere:粗鲁
A person's voice is changed into electrical signals. These electrical signals are turned into light signals which are sent down the thin "pipe". At the other end, the light signals are received and changed back into electrical signals and finally sound.
人的声音转变成电信号。这种电信号再变成光信号，然后沿着瘦“管子”传送出去。在另一端，光信号被接收后再变成电信号，最后变成声音。
thin:瘦
A plant(Brassica oleracea var.gongylodes)in the mustard family, having a thick basal part of the stem that is eaten as a vegetable.
撇蓝一种十字花科植物（甘蓝变种圆形甘蓝），长有厚的茎基部，可作蔬菜食用
thick:厚
A plant(Brassica oleracea var.gongylodes)in the mustard family, having a thick basal part of the stem that is eaten as a vegetable.
撇蓝一种十字花科植物（甘蓝变种圆形甘蓝），厚有肥大的茎基部，可作蔬菜食用
thick:厚
A rare bottle of Irish whiskey is up for sale at a record 100,000 pounds, making it the world's most expensive single malt.
一瓶稀有的爱尔兰威士忌开价创纪录的10万英镑（台币577万馀元）求售，使它成为举世最罕见的单一纯麦威士忌。
rare:罕见
A shabbily-genteel individual, with a red nose and an old high hat, was sipping a quiet glass of ale alone at one end of the bar.
酒吧的一头有一个寒酸却又要体面的人，高着红鼻子，戴着顶旧礼帽，在那里安安静静地喝着淡啤酒。
high:高
A short while later, the fire in the courtyard was lit again when a hen laid a fantastic egg that looked like a Ping-Pong hall with an appendage like that on a Phrygian cap.
没过多久，我们又得在院子里点起火来，因为有只母鸡下了枚非常棒的蛋：好像只乒乓球，上面连着个软的尖角，就像弗里吉亚帽的帽尖一样。
fantastic:非常棒
A signature look can be something as sentimental as a charm bracelet or as breezy as brightly colored pantyhose -- just make sure it feels like you and fits your personality and lifestyle.
一种标志性装扮可以敏感如一个迷人的镯子，也可以冷淡如颜色颜色鲜艳的裤袜——只是要确保它像你的，符合你的个性和生活方式。
breezy:冷淡
A small armadillo(Chlamyphorus truncatus)of Argentina, having pale pink armor and thick, silky white hair.
铠鼹一种阿根廷小犰狳（倭犰狳），有淡粉红色的甲壳和厚柔滑的白毛
thick:厚
A small, sharp, local pain, such as that made by a needle or a bee sting.
刺痛小范围,尖锐的局部疼痛,如被针刺或黄蜂螯造成的刺痛
sharp:尖锐
A small, thin, usually dry, often appressed plant structure, such as any of the protective leaves that cover a tree bud or the bract that subtends a flower in a sedge spikelet.
鳞苞一种小而瘦的，通常是干的紧贴植物结构，如任一种覆盖树苞的保护性叶片或莎草属植物的小穗中包住花朵的苞片
thin:瘦
A smug, ignorant, especially middle - class person who is regarded as being indifferent or antagonistic to artistic and cultural values.
平庸的人一个冷漠、愚昧无知的人，尤指被认为不懂艺术和文学的中产阶段的人们
indifferent:冷漠
A striking feature not explainable in terms of simple viscus behavior is the characteristically blunt terminations or steep outer margins of debris flow.
不能用简单的粘性来解释一种引人注目特征是泥石流的钝形终端，或陡的外缘。
striking:引人注目
A structure designed to maintain wood in a dry condition is sufficient to ensure freedom from fungal decay.
只要建筑设计能使其处于足够干燥的条件下，即可确保它们不致真菌。
fungal:真菌
A swollen, fleshy, usually underground stem, such as the potato, bearing buds from which new plant shoots arise.
块茎一种肿大的、柔软、通常为地下的茎块，如土豆，长有可抽出新芽的芽状凸起
fleshy:柔软
A synthetic narcotic drug, C19H27NO, used as a nonaddictive analgesic, often in place of morphine.
合成新一种麻醉止痛药，C19H27NO，可用作不上瘾性止痛剂，常代替吗啡
synthetic:合成
A thick, fermented alcoholic beverage made in Mexico from various species of agave.
龙舌兰酒墨西哥产的一种用各种龙舌兰制成的含酒精的厚状发酵饮料
thick:厚
A thin disk, especially in a microphone or telephone receiver, that vibrates in response to sound waves to produce electric signals, or that vibrates in response to electric signals to produce sound waves.
膜片，振动板一种瘦的圆盘（尤其是在麦克风和电话收话器里那种）响应声波振动产生信号或者响应电信号振动产生声波
thin:瘦
A thin layer of gold or something simulating gold that is applied in gilding.
镀金，包金一层瘦的涂金层或其适用于镀金的仿金物
thin:瘦
A thin metal plate, especially one of the overlapping steel plates in medieval armor.
重叠金属片一种瘦的金属片，尤指那种用于中世纪盔甲上的重叠金属片
thin:瘦
A thin, cushionlike mass of soft material used to fill, to give shape, or to protect against jarring, scraping, or other injury.
护垫，衬瘦的、象靠垫一样的柔软材料，用来填装、定形或防止挤压、刮擦或其它伤害
thin:瘦
A thin, cushionlike mass of soft material used to fill, to give shape, or to protect against jarring, scraping, or other injury.
护垫，衬瘦的、象靠垫一样的柔软材料，用来填装、定形或防止挤压、刮擦或其它伤害
thin:瘦
A thin, pliable sheet of aluminum or of tin-lead alloy, used as a protective wrapping.
锡箔一种由铝或锡铅合金制成的瘦的薄片，用于保护性的包装
thin:瘦
A tribe of stalwart Moors are wading into the sea to carry us ashore on their backs from the small boats.
一批强壮的摩尔人走下海，把我们背下小船，渡上岸去。
stalwart:强壮
A usually black or banded, hard volcanic glass that displays shiny, curved surfaces when fractured and is formed by rapid cooling of lava.
黑曜岩火山玻璃，一般为黑色，带状，摔碎时色泽闪烁，表面变曲，由火山熔岩迅速凝而成
shiny:闪烁
A usually rational person can be transformed suddenly into a demon behind a driving wheel once his impatience and selfishness gets the better of him, he becomes recklessly indifferent to the traffic rules and safety of others just to get his own way.
不过，在失去冷漠和自私心里作祟下，一些司机可能突然完全失控而变得鲁莽，只顾自己的方便，无视交通规则和他人的安全。
indifferent:冷漠
A usually rational person can be transformed suddenly into a demon behind a driving wheel once his impatience and selfishness gets the better of him, he becomes recklessly indifferent to the traffic rules and safety of others just to get his own way.
不过，在失去理性和自私心里作祟下，一些司机可能突然完全失控而变得鲁莽，只顾自己的方便，无视交通规则和他人的安全。
rational:理性
A valved brass wind instrument that produces a mellow tone from a long, narrow tube that is coiled in a circle before ending in a flaring bell.
一种有活瓣的铜管乐器，从漩涡形且端部有喇叭口的又长又狭窄的管子里发出圆润的乐音。
narrow:狭窄
A vigorous community of strong, healthy men and women is more valuable even from the commercial and industrial point of view than a community which is below par in consequence of bad conditions.
要是一个社区里的男男女女身体健壮，使社区充满活力，那末即使是从商业和工业的角度看，这个社区也坚固于环境恶劣的社区。
strong:坚固
A wager of twenty thousand pounds lost, because he, like a precious fool, had gone into that abominable pagoda!
两万英镑的赌注输定了。这都是因为他去乱游瞎逛，都怪自己要跑到那个该死的破庙里去看贵重。
precious:贵重
A weak north-east monsoon coupled with an unseasonal southerly air stream gave rise to the warmest November on record.
香港在十一月受东北季候风的影响较正常弱，而一般在夏季出现的偏南气流则在月内持续了数天； 这些现象导致一九九七年十一月成为有记录以来最温暖的十一月。
weak:弱
A: I agree with you here. He sets us a good example indeed. He knows much of the world and can straighten out delicate situations（微妙的局势）.
我完全同意你的说法。他给我们树立了一个好榜样。他精通世故人情，能够把一些敏感的情况理顺摆平。
delicate:敏感
A: The number of large enterprise groups seeking overseas borrowing is quite limited.
答：中国大企业集团到海外借债的比较有限。
limited:有限
AMERICAN politicians bash China for its policy of keeping the yuan weak.
美国的政治家抨击中国实行保持人民币弱的政策。
weak:弱
ATM's sophisticated bandwidth utilization capabilities enable providers to efficiently transport large, complex video packets without taxing a network.
atm先进的带宽利用能力使得供应商们能在没有加重网络负担时精巧地传输大且复杂的视频包。
sophisticated:精巧
About Paris, we've all heard of lots of good things: romantic, artistic, chic, avant-garde… To different persons, Paris is a collection of wonderful dreams.
关于巴黎的好，我们都听说过许多：雅致、文、术、行、卫…对于不同人，巴黎是许多种的美好的梦想。
chic:雅致
About a decade ago, it became apparent that future growth would be of an order not previously appreciated and that careful co-ordination would be needed so that the development would integrate into overall plans for developing Hong Kong.
约10年前，当局看到本港未来经济增长之快，会是前所未见的，必须小心统筹未来所需设施的规模，以便港口的发展能与本港的整体发展计划互相配合。
careful:小心
Abroad, things look even grimmer, with American troops bogged down in Iraq and Afghanistan and the unappetising issues of North Korea and Iran to deal with.
国外事务看上去更加悲伤：美军已经深陷伊拉克和阿富汗战争的泥潭，而朝鲜和伊朗核扩散问题也变得十分棘手。
grimmer:悲伤
Absent-minded he pulled a couple of fares, mulling over the whole business even while running. His thoughts followed no clear order, but would often focus on some observation, some odour or some feelings, all very vague yet close and real too.
迷迷糊糊的他拉了几个买卖。就是在奔跑的时节，他的心中也没忘了这件事，并非清清楚楚的，有头有尾的想起来，而是时时想到一个什么意思，或一点什么滋味，或一些什么感情，都是接近，而又亲切。
close:接近
Abstract: Although inheritance tax has not been put INTO practice, it will soon be in legislation. This article is trying to find a way to solve the problems we confront.
摘要:遗产税在我国尚未开征,但立法等准备工作已经展开,本文仅就在开征过程中可能遇到的困难从理论上进行抽象的探讨。
Abstract:抽象
Abstract: With the increase of threat of air attack from outside defence area? TBM and the extentive using of pilotless aircraft surface? ship? to air missile is required to have farther range? higher fire power and more precise guided control.
文摘:空中目标的防区外攻击,战术弹道导弹的威胁以及无人驾驶飞机的广泛应用,要求地()导弹具有更大的射程、高的火力密度和更抽象的制导控制。
Abstract:抽象
According to the low reliability problem of the brake accumulator of a certain airplane during use in the airdrome, the effect of failure on flight safety and the reason that causes fault are analyzed.
针对某型飞机刹车蓄压器外场使用可靠性低的问题,分析了故障对飞行安全的影响以及故障产生的原因。
low:低
According to the original assumption, this theory should be applied only to long, thin beams loaded in pure bending.
根据原来的假定，这个理论只适用于受纯弯曲载荷的长而瘦的梁。
thin:瘦
According to their stories, they were all innocent people from out West.
据他们自己说，他们都是从西部来的无辜的人。
innocent:无辜
Accurate and excellent accounts have been written of the evacuation of the British and French armies from Dunkirk.
关于英国和法国军队从敦刻尔克撤退，已有精确而完善的记载。
Accurate:精确
Across the courtesy bay the white palaces of fashionable East Egg glittered along the water, and the history of the summer really begins on the evening I drove over there to have dinner with the Tom Buchanans.
小湾对岸，东卵时尚住宅区的洁白的宫殿式的大厦沿着水边光彩夺目，那个夏天的故事是从我开车去那边到汤姆 - 布坎农夫妇家吃饭的那个晚上才真正开始的。
fashionable:时尚
Across the courtesy bay the white palaces of fashionable East Egg glittered along the water.
小湾对岸，沿着河边，东卵时尚住宅区的洁白的宫殿式的大厦闪烁着光彩。
fashionable:时尚
Actually, who needs to be told that a gracious smile, a good coat, and plenty of self-confidence will get you better service in any store and a nicer table in a restaurant?
其实，谁不懂得一个优美的微笑、一件得体的外套、充满自信的表情会使你在任何商店和饭馆得到较好的服务？
gracious:优美
Actually, who needs to be told that a gracious smile, a good coat, and plenty of self-confidence will get you better service in any store and a nicer table in a restaurant?
其实，谁不懂得一个亲切的微笑、一件优美的外套、充满自信的表情会使你在任何商店和饭馆得到较好的服务？
gracious:优美
Actually, who needs to be told that a gracious smile, a good coat, and plenty of self-confidence will get you better service in any store and a nicer table in a restaurant?
其实，谁不懂得一个亲切的微笑、一件得体的外套、优美自信的表情会使你在任何商店和饭馆得到较好的服务？
gracious:优美
Add to this, elegant looks with a pretty head and then all you have to do is decide on the color of your choice and hey presto, off we go!
除此以外，还要考虑马匹优雅的头部和高贵的神情，然后你唯一要做的就是选择马匹的颜色！那么，我们开始吧！
elegant:优雅
Adding the Not Permitted symbol to cursor hinting is an unfortunate combination of two weak idioms and should be avoided, regardless of what the Microsoft style guide says.
无论微软的风格指南如何解释，把表示禁止的符号添加到光标暗示中是这两种较差习惯用法的不幸组合，应该避免使用。
unfortunate:不幸
Admittedly, this takes a great deal of skill and patience, but once you're adept at using your persuasive powers, you'll never lose an argument
诚然，这需要大量的技巧和耐心，但一旦你精通的使用劝诱技巧，你就将在这类争论中百战百胜。
adept:精通
After Gatsby's death the East was haunted for me like that, distorted beyond my eyes' power of correction. So when the blue smoke of brittle leaves was in the air and the wind blew the wet laundry stiff on the line I decided to come back home.
盖茨比死后，东部在我心目中就是这样鬼影憧憧，面目全非到超过了我眼睛矫正的能力，因此等到烧枯叶的蓝烟弥漫空中，寒风把晾在绳上的湿衣服吹得脆的时候，我就决定回家来了。
brittle:脆
After a careful investigation, the allegations present in her report were refuted by the relevant department in Shanghai, but she still quibbled over it, continuing to make up and spread rumors about the leaders of the welfare home and launching personal attacks against them.
经上海市有关部门组织小心的专门调查，否定了张的举报。张仍一再纠缠，并到处编造和散布谎言，对该院负责人进行人身攻击。
careful:小心
After admission, coronary angiographies was performed, showed there are 90% narrowing of the anterior descending Branch of the left coronary artery, doctor advised percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA)+stent or coronary bypass.
入院后,进行了冠动脉造影术显示左冠状动脉前降支有90％的透光,医师建议行经皮经腔冠状动脉腔内成形术加支架安置术或冠状动脉搭桥术。
transluminal:透光
After all their high hopes for their sons, they've had a bitter cup to drink:one a drug addict, one in jail, and now the youngest diagnosed a dangerous psychopath.
他们一直对儿子们寄于厚望，可结果一个成了吸毒者，一个进了监狱，现在最小的儿子又诊断出患了严重的精神病，他们真是危险到了极点。
dangerous:危险
After all their high hopes for their sons, they've had a bitter cup to drink:one a drug addict, one in jail, and now the youngest diagnosed a dangerous psychopath.
他们一直对儿子们寄于高，可结果一个成了吸毒者，一个进了监狱，现在最小的儿子又诊断出患了严重的精神病，他们真是不幸到了极点。
high:高
After all, people think, how can people who care about themselves, and therefore the way they took, permit themselves to become fat?
毕竟人们一般认为：一个重视自己，进而重视自我形象的人怎么会让自己脂肪呢?
fat:脂肪
After all, when there is a need to spread the secrets of revolution in a hurry, one cannot be that picky in one's choice of fighters, and can only hope that all who join up are good comrades.
急于宣传革命的机关，不能极挑剔的选择战士，愿意投来的都是同志。
picky:挑剔
After an awkward pause, she thrust her head out of the window again
她笨拙地停了一下之后，便重新把头探出窗口。
awkward:笨拙
After assigning me a room on the second floor facing a lake, he showed me around his back garden, which, though not too big, was exquisite and nicely arranged.
他把我安顿在二楼临湖的一个房间后，就领我去踏访他的后花园。地方不大，布置得却优美匀称。
exquisite:优美
After blazing nearly ten years in the fashionable world, like many of her compeers, she has an aching heart with a gay demeanour.
她在上流社会出了十年风头，也象许多和她年龄相仿的伴侣一样，时尚的丰姿下隐藏着一颗沉重的心。
fashionable:时尚
After chasing a substantiating busy, do not forget to reward oneself with bounties, at leisurely afternoon, put pieces of plain log furniture, mix some afternoon tea, come between field and soul that world combine offer to the dinner, enjoy the baptism of the nature.
追逐充实闲暇之馀，别忘了犒赏一下自己，在悠閒的午后，摆张素净的原木家具，配点下午茶，来场与天地结合的心灵飨宴，好好享受大自然的洗礼。
leisurely:闲暇
After dinner he wrote a rough sketch, amazed at his greatly increased ability to write the untruth.Worried that the joke might have gotten out of hand, he lay down his brush halfway through the letter;
吃过晚饭，他起了草，同时忧虑自己撒谎的本领会变得这样伟大，怕这玩笑开得太大了，写了半封信又搁下笔。
Worried:忧虑
After each desperate effort it shrank with a yell of pain.
每作出一次拼死的努力，它就绝望的嚎叫着退缩一下。
desperate:绝望
After her return to the prison, Hester Prynne was found to be in a state of nervous excitement, that demanded constant watchfulness, lest she should perpetrate violence on herself, or do some half-frenzied mischief to the poor babe.
海丝特 - 白兰返回监狱之后，便陷入一阵神经质的紧张之中，必须有人片刻不离地看守着她，以防止她作出自自戕之举，或在一时狂乱之中对可怜的婴儿有所伤害。
nervous:紧张
After more than30 years protection, the islet is the cover Taiwan acacia, the beefwood, the black pine and the mountain cuckoo, the myrtle, the tree fern, the awn winnow basket, just like virgin forest.
经过30多年的保护，如今满岛皆是草坪的相思树、麻黄、松和山杜鹃、金娘、蕨、箕，犹如原始森林。
awn:草坪
After putting up the aerial, I got my television come in strong.
架设天线之后，我的电视信号坚固了。
strong:坚固
After seated,begin to look around carefully,the col本地 indoor is nothing straitlaced but dignified,compact but not blank,shows the outstanding taste of the host freely and directly.
坐定之后，开始细审四周，室内的布置，凝重而不显刻板，淡雅而不至苍白，简明随意中尽显主人杰出的品味。
outstanding:杰出
After standing with the bridle over his heavily-splashed arm, until the wheels of the mail were no longer within hearing and the night was quite still again, he turned to walk down the hill.
他让马缰搭在他那溅满了泥浆的手臂上，站了一会儿，直到那车轮声再也听不见，夜已十分闪烁，才转身往山下走去。
splashed:闪烁
After such a sustained bull run even the most sober-minded are now saying the market can continue to rise in spite of prices that are more than50 times earnings.
在如此持续的牛市行情之后，即使是最清醒的人现在也表示，虽然目前的市盈率超过50倍，但市场仍可以继续上冲。
sober:清醒
After the "cultural revolution"we made a sober appraisal of the situation and thought over the course we were going to follow from then on.
“文化大革命”结束以后，我们清醒地估计了形势，考虑今后的路怎么走。
sober:清醒
After the fight one of the boxers had a black eye.
对打之后，一个拳击运动员的眼睛被打黑了。
black:黑
After this, he pressed me earnestly, and in the most affectionate manner, not to play the young man, not to precipitate myself into miseries which Nature and the station of life I was born in, seemed to have provided against.
接着他十分亲切而慈蔼地劝我不要闹小孩子脾气，不要自寻苦恼，因为无论从事理来说，从我的家庭出身来说，这些苦恼都是可以避免的。
affectionate:亲切
After two bad, loveless marriages perhaps you would devote yourself to the work you were meant to do.
因为经过两次坏的，缺乏爱情基础的婚姻，你大概会全心全意地去做你应做的工作了。
bad:坏
After years of fierce lobbying and months of secrecy, Beijing unveiled five mascots for the 2008 Olympics on Friday, opening a marketing blitz that is expected to reap record profits.
在经过了几年激烈的选拔和几个月的保密工作后，北京周五终于揭开了2008年奥运会五个吉祥物的凶猛面纱，纪念品迅速抢占了市场，期待创造收益新高。
fierce:凶猛
Again I ask: Did they stumble so as to fall beyond recovery? Not at all! Rather, because of their transgression, salvation has come to the Gentiles to make Israel envious.
【罗11:11】我且说，他们失脚是要他们跌倒吗？断乎不是。反倒因他们的过失，救恩便临到外邦人，要嫉妒他们发愤。
envious:嫉妒
Again the wiper blades and, again, something further back. Great ice, this time. I am moving through short grass, in furs, with matted hair and spear, thin and hard as the ice itself, all muscle and implacable cunning.
刮水器再一甩,又退回了一步,这下到了大冰原,我乱缠头发,身披兽衣,手拿长矛在杂草中行进,身体精瘦像冰一般短,浑身肌肉,狡黠莫测。
short:短
Against the natural grandeur of the green Lantau Island mountains and the dream-come-true backdrop of Sleeping Beauty Castle, the magic of Christmas took center stage at Hong Kong Disneyland this December as the park celebrated its first holiday season— in true Disney style!
在大屿山青葱翠绿的峰峦映衬下，以及仿如梦境成真的睡公主城堡中，自然的圣诞魔力于今年十二月在香港迪士尼乐园内全情发放，迎接充满迪士尼特色的首个圣诞佳节！
natural:自然
Aged is more formal than old and is used of very old people who have possibly become physically weakaged
aged比old文些,用以指年老的人,可能身体亦疲惫不堪
weakaged:疲惫不堪
Ah, certainly- I see now: you are the favoured possessor of the beneficent fairy,' I remarked, turning to my neighbour.
啊，当然。我明白了。你是那仁慈仙女的幸运所有者。”我说着，转向旁边的人。
beneficent:仁慈
Ah, that square court of incredibly exquisite workmanship -- who can dispute its being the personification of St. Clare herself? And which of its stones but is glittering with her spirit of holy purity in bygone years?
阿!那不可信的优美的方庭，谁说这不是圣克莱亚(St．Clare)的化身，哪一块石上不闪耀着她当年圣洁的精神?
exquisite:优美
Ah, yes, she abhorred the cold cynicism of the worldly-wise who sneer at the burning tears of the simple-minded.
啊，是的，她厌恶那种对出自聪明心肠的热泪加以嘲笑的，老于世故的，冷酷的玩世不恭态度。
wise:聪明
Aim at to structure characteristics of the prestressed concrete consecution box beam, tally up its familiar construction profile blemish with the quantity trouble, and analysis its produce the reason with study its prevention and cure measure.
针对预应力砼连续箱梁的构造特点,总结其熟悉施工外观缺陷和质量事故,并分析其产生原因和研究其防治措施。
familiar:熟悉
Alan was angry and ashamed-ashamed that he had lost my money, angry that I should take it so ill.
艾伦感到愤怒而生气，生气的是，他输掉了我的钱，愤怒的是，我把这件事情看得太邪恶了。
angry:生气
Alas! There the nasty sorry useless stuff lay; I had no manner of business for it;
可是,这些恶毒、可悲而又无用的东西,至今还放在那里,对我毫无用处。
nasty:恶毒
All eyes met her with a glance of eager curiosity, and she met all eyes with one of rebuff and coldness.
所有人的眼睛都怀着急切的渴望看着她，而她却用拒绝和冷淡的眼神回报大家。
eager:渴望
All of them were so young looking, even with their sweeping yellow mustaches and full black and brown beards, so handsome, so reckless, with their arms in slings, with head bandages startlingly white across sun-browned faces.
他们全都显得那么年轻，尽管大都蓄上了黄黄的一抹胡须或一把稠密的黑褐色胡，那么英俊，洒脱，胳臂挂在吊带里，白得出奇的绷带裹着头部，把大半边晒得黑黑的脸遮住了。
handsome:英俊
All of these were fresh and unknown to Shangguan who just now crept out of the yellow clay room of the reforming farm. His anxious heart sunk even more.
这一切，都让刚刚从劳改农场的黄土屋里钻出来的上官金童感到新鲜、陌生，那惴惴不安的心情更加焦急了。
anxious:焦急
All of us her tonight, and I am sure all my fellow countrymen and women watching those events from afar, wish the Chief Executive of the Special Administrative Region and his excellent team the very best of luck as they embark on their journey.
今天晚上，我们以及远在他方观看这个盛典的英国国民，都向香港特别行政区行政长官和他领导的非常出色班子，致以深挚祝福，祝愿他们顺利展开新工作。
excellent:非常出色
All present were astounded by this drinkingfeat; and the lord asked Kwashin Koji,「 Are you not yet satisfied, Sir?
所有在场的人对他的喝酒表演都感到满意；而后领主问果正居士，「没喝够吗？
satisfied:满意
All strong families know, a healthy family is a place we enter for comfort, development and regeneration;a place from which we go forth renewed and charged with power for positive living.
所有幸福家庭都知道，健康的家庭是一个让我们获得坚固、发展和更新的地方；它使我们焕然一新，勇往直前；给我们注入活力，积极向上。
strong:坚固
All the inhabitants of the coastlands Are appalled at you, And their kings are horribly afraid; They are troubled in countenance.
结27:35海岛的居民为你害怕．们的君王都甚恐慌、带愁容。
afraid:害怕
All the most august, the most sublime, the most charming of humanity, and perhaps outside of humanity, have made puns.
人类中，也许是人类以外，最崇高、最卓越和最可亲的人都说过隐语。
sublime:崇高
All the offices are rather austere and small, even the President's.
所有的办公室，甚至包括总统办公室在内，都是相当粗鲁而窄小的。
austere:粗鲁
All the outrage and marches simply made Christians look bigoted and silly, and brought a tedious film much publicity.
义愤填膺也好，示威游行也罢，到头来基督教徒反而给人一种顽固傲慢的印象，并且促使一部原本单调乏味的电影名声大作。
bigoted:傲慢
All the outrage and marches simply made Christians look bigoted and silly, and brought a tedious film much publicity.
义愤填膺也好，示威游行也罢，到头来基督教徒反而给人一种傲慢愚昧的印象，并且促使一部原本单调乏味的电影名声大作。
bigoted:傲慢
All things that we ordained festival, turn from their office to black funeral; our instruments to melancholy bells, our wedding cheer to a sad burial feast, our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change, our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse, and all things change them to the contrary.
我们本来为了喜庆预备好的一切，现在就要变成悲哀的殡礼；我们的乐器要变成忧郁的丧钟，我们的婚筵要变成庄严的丧席，我们的赞美诗要变成沉痛的挽歌，新娘手里的鲜花要放在坟墓中殉葬，一切都要相反而行。
solemn:庄严
All we heard in the dreadful weeks that dragged on until the Sixth Army surrendered and indeed until he shot himself in the bunker in 1945 was how we generals had failed him.
在那以后的几个漫长可怕的星期里，一直到第六军投降，甚至直到一九四五年他于绝望中自杀，我们听到的全是我们的这些将军如何辜负了他。
dreadful:可怕
Almost all the power converters in use up to now are line-commutated, when the level of active power is low, and reactive power consumed is high, being very harmful for the connection bus voltage.
至今几乎所有的电力变换器为在线换向式的当有功功率较小,而消耗的无功高时,对所联接母线的电压是非常有害的。
high:高
Almost in the same instant a blissful, healing warmth spread all through his body.
就在这当儿，一阵幸福的暖意马上传遍了他的全身。
blissful:幸福
Along life's' way, be careful what you say. Make your choice of words soft and sweet. Because you will never know which ones you will have to eat.
在生活的道路上,我们应谨慎自己的言词,尽量用词甜美,而不伤人.因为你永远不知道你会在哪句话上自食其果.
sweet:甜美
Along life's' way, be careful what you say. Make your choice of words soft and sweet. Because you will never know which ones you will have to eat.
在生活的道路上,我们应谨慎自己的言词,尽量用词柔软,而不伤人.因为你永远不知道你会在哪句话上自食其果.
soft:柔软
Along life's' way, be careful what you say. Make your choice of words soft and sweet. Because you'll never know which ones you will have to eat.
在生活的道路上,我们应谨慎自己的言词,尽量用词甜美,而不伤人.因为你永远不知道你会在哪句话上自食其果.
sweet:甜美
Along life's' way, be careful what you say. Make your choice of words soft and sweet. Because you'll never know which ones you will have to eat.
在生活的道路上,我们应谨慎自己的言词,尽量用词柔软,而不伤人.因为你永远不知道你会在哪句话上自食其果.
soft:柔软
Along with the development and abroad using of internet, it is very easy to get materials of foreign law.
随着因特网的发展与广泛使用，获取外国法律资料已变得非常轻松。
easy:轻松
Alpha brainwaves are slower and higher in amplitude. Their frequency ranges from 9 to 14 cycles per second.
α波速度较慢，振幅高，频率在每秒9周至每秒14周之间。
higher:高
Already penitent for his angry action, but too stubborn to make amends, mason toiled on at the head of the cavalcade, little dreaming that danger hovered in the air.
这时，麦森对自己刚才发脾气的举动，已经有点懊悔了，不过他的性情太顽固了，不肯承认错误，只是一个劲地在队伍前面赶路，一点也没有梦想到危险已经临头。
stubborn:顽固
Also, he must keep careful cost accounting of each block of fruit to be sure it is profitable.
他还应小心计算开支，保证每一批果品都能获利。
careful:小心
Also, upon start -up, higher tension are developed because the winder must overcome spool inertia.
另外,在络纱机启动时,由于需要克服筒子的惯性,会产生高的纱线张力。
higher:高
Alter a pause, he added, again settling the crisp flaxen wig at the ears:
他略作停顿，整了整耳边尖锐的假发。
crisp:尖锐
Alternatively, although research shows that users prefer dictionaries which give definitions written in a limited controlled vocabulary, such dictionaries achieve only superficial simplicity and are often clumsy.
或者说，虽然有关研究表明词典使用者倾向于使用在释义中限定或控制词汇量的词典，但这类词典只能达到表面上的简明，实例往往冗长笨拙。
clumsy:笨拙
Although a small turtle is clumsy on the beach, once in the sea, it becomes agile and free.
别看小海龟在沙滩上爬行往往显得笨拙，一旦到了海里，就变得敏捷。
agile:敏捷
Although all this was not so important to him as his financial affairs and he could afford to disregard it, nevertheless he felt rather upset and ill at ease.
虽说这些事不比钱财进出，他颇能达观，然而到底心里有些酸溜溜地怪沮丧。
upset:沮丧
Although he had advised against ostentatious behaviour, Confucius had never been a puritan and he abhorred asceticism.
虽然孔子也反对虚饰的行为，但是他决不是一个极端傲慢的人，他也憎恶禁欲主义。
ostentatious:傲慢
American painter who used brilliant colors and bold brushwork to depict city street scenes and natural landscapes in works such as Rainy Day in Boston(1885.
哈萨姆，（腓特烈） 柴尔德1859－1935美国画家，擅于用英俊的色彩和突兀的笔触描绘城市街道的景色和自然景观，作品有波士顿的雨天（1885年）
brilliant:英俊
Americans approach every meal in terror that the food will leap up off their plate and kill them or,worse, make them fat.
美国人每次吃饭都很恐惧，生怕食物会从盘子里跳起来把他们杀死，或者更糟，使他们脂肪。
fat:脂肪
Amid all that sea of faces, misty and swimming before her eyes, she saw but two clear bright spots, distinct and fixed.
法庭里人山人海，一张张脸看得她头昏眼花，里面只有两个清楚明亮的印象是分开，固定的。
distinct:分开
Amid fears cuckoos are falling victim to an ever more unsettled climate and aggressive modern farming methods, the charity asked Britons to go on alert for the noisy birds.
由于担心它会成为日趋多变的气候以及掠夺式的现代耕作方法的牺牲品，该慈善团体要求英国人特别留意这种吵闹的鸟儿。
noisy:吵闹
Amid the brutal, ugly cacophony of war, Lilli Marlene always struck a sweet and tender note.
在野蛮丑陋的战争喧嚣中，丽莉·玛琳总是用她那温柔甜蜜的音符去抚慰人们心灵的创伤。
brutal:野蛮
Among fabrics with the same number of yarns required for the repeat, a fabric with a high fabric count will have shorter floats than one with a low fabric count.
对于某些织物,如果完全组织中的纱线根数相同,则纱线密度高时其浮长线较短。
high:高
Among these unemployed there are bores, the bored, dreamers, and some knaves.
在这些游民中，有无聊的，也有被人恼的，有神志昏沉的，也有丑态百出的。
bored:无聊
An affectation or appreciation of manners and tastes commonly thought to be artificial, vulgar, or banal.
下流：庸俗，做作行为或情趣上的矫揉造作，通常被认为是不自然的、野蛮的或平庸的
vulgar:野蛮
An agitated Norma is on the phone impatiently listening to the rings.
神色激动的诺玛在打电话，焦急地听着对方铃响。
agitated:激动
An aircraft in steady flight over the earth is just as suitable an inertial frame of reference as the earth itself.
在地球上空适宜飞行的飞机，正如地球本身那样，也可作为惯性参照系。
suitable:适宜
An angry look flashed over her face as she listened, but instead of flaring up, she merely said, "You men are shameless.You always say how crazy women are about you.Why don't you just look at yourselves in the mirror?Aren't you ashamed?
她听得怒形于色，可是不发作，只说：“你们这些男人全不要脸，动不动就说女人看中你们，自己不照照镜子，真羞愧！
ashamed:羞愧
An assiduous and devoted admirer, student, and recorder of another's words and deeds.
极度崇拜者崇拜另一人言行的殷勤和献身的、学生和记录者
devoted:献身
An astonishing number of spouses-most particularly in the upper-income brackets-have no close notion of their husbands'paychecks.
相当大一部分妇女——特别在接近收入阶层——并不很了解他们丈夫的薪金。
close:接近
An astute analysis understands these deaths are more than isolated events; they negatively impact the nation as a whole.
精明的人通过分析可以看出这些死亡不是独立事件,会对整个国家带来负面影响。
astute:精明
An aunt who is as sweet as you should get a birthday bug or two and after that a birthday kiss. Have a very happy birthday!
像您这样可爱的姨,为祝贺您的生日,应当一遍、两遍把您抱起,然后再来个生日的吻礼。祝您生日格外甜美!
sweet:甜美
An example is a solution containing acetic acid (CH3COOH) and the acetate ion (CH3COO-). The pH depends on their relative concentration and can be found with a simple formula involving their ratio.
简单的缓冲溶液的例子有由醋酸和醋酸钠组成的溶液。缓冲溶液中酸碱值取决于它们的相对含量,即缓冲比。
simple:简单
An exhibition of 81 rare, ancient Chinese documents of the Shanghai Library was held in July. The national relics included thread-bound rare Chinese books, stone rubbing inscriptions, personal letters of famous Chinese and genealogy books.
临时市政局于七月举办了上海图书馆古文献精品展，展出了81项属国家一、二级文物的展品，包括罕见的善本古籍、碑文的拓本、名人手扎及家谱。
rare:罕见
An extraordinary player as well, of the Guzheng, a Chinese zither, Liu Fang mesmerizes you with her delicate fingers that appear to prance, playing with an ease that is undoubtedly a result of years of intense training and keen discipline? This artist continues to astound and bewilder her public.
她的音乐感人挚深，足以洗涤人的心灵。刘芳的古筝演奏也非常出色。她手指如此轻松自如地在琴弦上优美地跳动反映了她多年敏锐的结果。
keen:敏锐
An extraordinary player as well, of the Guzheng, a Chinese zither, Liu Fang mesmerizes you with her delicate fingers that appear to prance, playing with an ease that is undoubtedly a result of years of intense training and keen discipline? This artist continues to astound and bewilder her public.
她的音乐感人挚深，足以洗涤人的心灵。刘芳的古筝演奏也非常出色。她手指如此轻松自如地在琴弦上不可思议地跳动反映了她多年勤学苦练的结果。
extraordinary:不可思议
An instantaneous and strong impulse moved him to battle with his desperate fate.
一股迅疾而强有力的冲动促使他要向绝望的命运奋斗。
desperate:绝望
And I reflect what a brave life the helmsman leads, guiding the ship by sparkling beams of light to hold its course through the angry waves and plough forward.
想一想，掌握住舵轮，透过闪闪电炬，从惊涛骇浪之中寻到一条破浪前进的途径，这是多么勇敢的生活啊!
brave:勇敢
And I should like to look into the loyal, trusting eyes of my dogs - the grave, canny little Scottie, Darkie, and the stalwart, understanding Great Dane, Helga, whose warm, tender, and playful friendships are so comforting to me.
而且，我也要看看我的狗那忠诚、信任的眼睛－－－那严肃、机灵的小斯洛蒂·达基和那高大、野蛮、善解人意的大达英·赫尔加，它们热情温柔和顽皮的友谊对我是个巨大的安慰。
canny:野蛮
And Pearl, overhearing the ejaculation, or aware through some more subtile channel, of those throbs of anguish, would turn her vivid and beautiful little face upon her mother, smile with sprite-like intelligence, and resume her play.
珠儿呢，在一旁听到了这迸射而出的语言，或是通过某种更狡猾的渠道感受到了那痛苦的悸动，便会把她那美丽动人的小脸转向她母亲，露着精灵般聪慧的笑容，然后继续玩起她的游戏。
subtile:狡猾
And Sir Thomas having exerted himself so far as to speak a few words of calm approbation in reply to an eager appeal of Mr. Yates as to the happiness of the arrangement, the three gentlemen returned to the drawing-room together.
耶茨先生热切地请求参加他们全家的快乐聚会，托马斯爵士勉为其难地平静说了几句话表示同意，于是三个人一起回到客厅。
calm:平静
And anyone favouring the tranquil idyl over the agitated life in the thriving center,will find peace and quiet at heart of nature in the wide Davos outdoors.
任何喜爱田园般的恬静生活而不喜欢繁华市中心浮躁喧嚣的人，都会在达沃斯广阔的野外大自然的中心找寻到激动与安宁。
agitated:激动
And as the time passed and the servants came in and stood waiting in the hall, his eyes began to blink anxiously, and he spoke of the rain in a worried, uncertain way.
随着时间过去，佣人都走进来站在门厅甲等候，老人的眼睛对始担心地眨起来，同时他又忐忑不安地说到外面的雨。
worried:担心
And gravely glancing at Mr. Darcy, "There is a fine old saying, which every body here is of course familiar with -- "Keep your breath to cool your porridge,"-- and I shall keep mine to swell my song."
她又板着脸对达西瞥了一眼，说道：“熟悉老古话说得好，在场的人当然也晓得这句话：‘留口气吹凉稀饭’； 我也就留口气唱歌吧。”
familiar:熟悉
And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.
他大声喊着说，巴比伦大城倾倒了，成了鬼魔的住处，和各样污秽之灵的巢穴，（作牢狱下同）各样污秽恶意之雀鸟的巢穴。
foul:恶意
And his studio, oddly named MAD, has participated in many competitions with a number of original projects, most of which went way too bold and edgy to convince the people with their feasibility and failed to win out.
他的事务所取名为“MAD”，寓意“丑陋”，参与过很多城市的设计竞赛，许多因方案的大胆新奇而没人相信这些建筑能盖起来。
edgy:丑陋
And how lame is that... when there are 7 billion other people on the planet- Ahem. Ooh.
笨拙的是……这世上有七十亿人，
lame:笨拙
And it is precisely that messy, manipulative and murderous kind of fighting between conventional forces and elusive defenders that could beckon Americans as they approach Baghdad.
【参考译文】是这开展于正规军队与来去无踪的守卫者之间难以捉摸的、动灵活的、腥的战斗在等待着向巴格达挺进的美军。
elusive:难以捉摸
And last June, Hammer published results showing that although Palestinian and Jewish men may be political foes, they are also brethren, so closely related as to be genetically indistinguishable.
去年6月哈默发表了研究结果说，虽然巴勒斯坦人和以色列人可能是政治上的敌人，但他们却是亲兄弟，在遗传上相关到难以区分的地步。
related:相关
And manufacturers are finding the Internet to be an easy way to communicate with product distributors and consumers.
制造商也发现Internet是与产品分销商和消费者进行通信的轻松方法。
easy:轻松
And much nicer still, it contained a card with a very polite message written in a funny little uphill backhand(but one which shows a great deal of character)
更令人礼貌的是里面有张措辞优雅的短笺，一笔有趣的左斜体，一点点爬升上去，字写得很有性格。
polite:礼貌
And on Sunday afternoons, the handsome closed carriages of the madams of the district rolled down the main streets, filled with girls in their best finery, taking the air from behind lowered silk shades.
每到星期天下午，红灯区鸨母们的华丽马车在大街上招摇过市，里面全是些打扮得非常英俊的姑娘，她们从放下来的锦帘后面探出头来呼吸新鲜空气。
handsome:英俊
And she arose the next morning with the fixed intention of packing her trunk immediately after breakfast. But, as they sat at the table, Scarlett silent and gloomy, Pitty bewildered and Melanie miserable, a telegram came.
可是，当她们坐下吃早饭，思嘉一声不响，显得沉默，皮蒂姑妈显得手足无措，媚兰很痛苦，她们彼此谁也不看谁，这时送来一封电报。
silent:沉默
And something that doesn't always go along with that: subtlety, the subtlety of discerning and intelligent minds.
我们还想起并不总是与朝气并存的聪明，这是指洞察事物的聪明和睿智的头脑的聪明。
intelligent:聪明
And something that doesn't always go along with that: subtlety, the subtlety of discerning and intelligent minds.
我们还想起并不总是与朝气并存的敏锐，这是指洞察事物的敏锐和聪明的头脑的敏锐。
intelligent:聪明
And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts.
我必将埃及人交在凶猛主的手中。强暴王必辖制他们。这是主万军之耶和华说的。
fierce:凶猛
And the color is as bright as the neon lights flaping late at night.
明亮的款式、变的色彩，给作品所展现的童装带来无限的活力！
bright:明亮
And the lion would send forth a low dangerous roar as though he meditated some deed of blood.
这只雄狮会发出一声可怕的低声咆哮，仿佛他考虑采取某种危险的行动似的。
dangerous:危险
And then falling into a nervous, feverish doze soon thereafter, he found himself dreaming of a savage black dog that was trying to bite him.
然后，没有多久，他做了一场心惊肉跳的短短的恶梦，梦见一只野蛮的黑狗要咬他。
savage:野蛮
And then, in the bathroom, I noticed that the faucet on the sink seems to have a bad leak.
还有浴室，我注意到洗脸池的水龙头漏水坏。
bad:坏
And they are lots of fun to play with. They're very curious and a little shy of people.
跟它们在一起玩其乐无穷。它们非常好奇，还有点羞怯。
shy:羞怯
And they will deceive every one his neighbour, and will not speak the truth: they have taught their tongue to speak lies, and weary themselves to commit iniquity.
他们各人欺哄邻舍，不说真话。他们教舌头学习说谎，劳疲倦碌地作孽。
weary:疲倦
And to not be overly delighted by the mundane is appalling. It's horrific. And, Dude, that's heinous.
而对寻常事物若不是感到特别高兴就成了骇人听闻。“太可怕了”。“啊，令人发指”。
appalling:可怕
And to not be overly delighted by the mundane is appalling. It's horrific. And, Dude, that's heinous.
而对寻常事物若不是感到特别高兴就成了骇人听闻。“太可怕了”。“啊，令人发指”。
horrific:可怕
And to not be overly delighted by the mundane is appalling. It's horrific. And, Dude, that's heinous.
而对寻常事物若不是感到特别高兴就成了可怕。“太恐怖了”。“啊，令人发指”。
appalling:可怕
And trousers that cried with a loud voice."Come look at me, and see how cheap and tawdry I am; my master, what a dirty buck!"
那条裤子仿佛在大喊：“来瞧我呀，我多么便宜，又多么花不棱登的；我的主人，一个多么肮脏的花花公子
dirty:肮脏
And what if the poor test results do turn out to be linked to marijuana?
如果测试结果穷人确实证明和大麻有关呢？
poor:穷人
And when night descended. this wondrous region axes illuminated by the romance of moonlight into an almost unearthly radiance;
夜色降临时，浪漫月光照射下的这个仙境发出璀璨的、不可思议光辉。
unearthly:不可思议
And while assurances have been given that there will be no bombing of women and children, there may come a time of desperation when all restraints go to the winds It's likely to be the most barbarous war that we have ever known.
虽然双方都保证绝不将炸弹投向妇孺，然而一旦双方都毫无顾忌时，可怕的日子将随之而来。这将会是一场我们所知道的最野蛮的战争。
barbarous:野蛮
And why, with her happy, affectionate nature, should she have brought destruction and sorrow to all who had loved her.
象她那样一个性格乐观、亲切的姑娘，为什么却会给所有爱她的人，带来毁灭和悲伤呢。
affectionate:亲切
And without that protection she had no defence against the spiteful backbiting, the dirty jostling and sniping, the petty viciousness and cowardice that is so much a part of the impotent and raging history of China.
她是办公室里最有能力的人但没有合适的朋友，没有这种保护她无法对付那些恶意的诽谤和卑鄙的攻击，这种狭隘的肮脏与懦弱在中国这段衰弱的令人愤怒的历史上占着如此大的一部分。
dirty:肮脏
And you'll have to watch the seagulls-- not to mention stroppy shopkeepers!
你还得小心海鸥，更别说脾气高傲的店主。
stroppy:高傲
And, had it not been for a fortuitous discovery long after her death in the attic of their house, hers would have been a supporting role.
而正是她死后多年在他们家阁楼的一次偶然发现，使得她的声音也成了本书的主角。
fortuitous:偶然
And， before she had taught many Sundays， his prickles had vanished quite away， and his skin was smooth and clean again.
她代了不到几个星期日，汤姆身上的刺就渐渐消失了，皮肤又变得平滑清洁了。
smooth:平滑
Another night; and in the morning, being more rational, he untied the leather string that fastened the squat moose-hide sack.
又过了一夜，早晨到来时，他头脑很理性，解开扎那个厚实的鹿皮袋子的皮绳。
rational:理性
Any car that would appeal to these young customers had to have three main features: great styling, strong performance, and a low price.
能吸引这些年轻顾客的汽车主要得有三个特点：款式佳、性能好、价钱低。
low:低
Any lie will certainly be revealed by the objective facts of Tibet's development; any perverse acts to turn the clock back, prevent Tibet's modernization drive and separate Tibet from China are doomed to ignominious failure.
任何谎言终将被西藏发展的客观事实所戳穿，任何逆历史潮流而动，企图阻挠西藏现代化发展、将西藏从中国分裂出去的倒行逆施，都注定要遭到邪恶的失败。
perverse:邪恶
Any of a breed of hunting dogs that points game, typically having a smooth, short - haired coat that is usually white with black or brownish spots.
猎犬指示猎物位置的一种猎狗，典型特征是有一身光滑的短毛，通常毛色为白色，间杂着黑或短褐斑点
short:短
Any of several diving sea birds(family Alcidae)of northern regions, such as the razor - billed auk, having a chunky body, short wings, and webbed feet.
海雀北极地区的一种潜水海鸟（海雀科），如刀嘴海雀，身体非常庞大，短翅，蹼足
chunky:非常庞大
Any of several principally arboreal carnivorous mammals of the genus Martes, related to the weasel, mainly inhabiting northern forests, and having a slender body, bushy tail, and soft fur.
貂几种貂属的主要栖居于树上的食肉哺乳动物的统称，与鼬类动物有亲缘关系，主要栖居在北部森林。体形细长，尾部毛丰满，皮毛柔软
bushy:丰满
Any of several tropical American mammals of the family Myrmecophagidae, which lack teeth and feed on ants and termites, especially Myrmecophaga tridactyla, having an elongated, narrow snout, a long, sticky tongue, and an extended, shaggy-haired tail.
食蚁兽一种美洲热带食蚁科哺乳动物，没有牙齿，以蚂蚁和白蚁为食，尤其是三趾食蚁兽属有长而细的鼻子，长而粘的舌头和长毛粗糙的尾巴
shaggy:粗糙
Any of several tropical American mammals of the family Myrmecophagidae, which lack teeth and feed on ants and termites, especially Myrmecophaga tridactyla, having an elongated, narrow snout, a long, sticky tongue, and an extended, shaggy-haired tail.
食蚁兽一种美洲热带食蚁科哺乳动物，没有牙齿，以蚂蚁和白蚁为食，尤其是三趾食蚁兽属有长而狭窄的鼻子，长而粘的舌头和长毛蓬松的尾巴
narrow:狭窄
Any of several tropical American mammals of the family Myrmecophagidae, which lack teeth and feed on ants and termites, especially Myrmecophaga tridactyla, having an elongated, narrow snout, a long, sticky tongue, and an extended, shaggy-haired tail.
食蚁兽一种美洲热带食蚁科哺乳动物，没有牙齿，以蚂蚁和白蚁为食，尤其是三趾食蚁兽属有长而细的鼻子，长而粘的舌头和长毛粗糙的尾巴
shaggy:粗糙
Any of several wading birds of the genera Botaurus and Ixobrychus, having mottled, brownish plumage and a deep, booming cry in the male.
麻鸠，小鹭一种麻属和粘豆象属的涉水禽鸟，有斑驳的褐色羽毛，其雄鸟有悠长而隆隆的叫声
booming:隆隆
Any of the long, thin, microscopic fibrils that run through the body of a neuron and extend into the axon and dendrites.
神经微纤维一个神经元中的长而瘦的微小纤维，它还伸入轴突和树突
thin:瘦
Any of various chiefly coastal aquatic birds of the family Laridae, having long wings, webbed feet, a thick, slightly hooked beak, and usually gray and white plumage.
海鸥一种鸥科水鸟，主要生于海岸附近，生有厚翼、蹼足、略呈弯勾状的厚喙、羽毛通常为灰白色
thick:厚
Any of various slender, narrow-winged hawks of the genus Circus, such as the marsh hawk, that prey on small animals.
各种瘦长纤细翅膀的、以捕食小动物为生的鹞属鹰类中的任何一种,例如丛林鹰
slender:纤细
Apart from investigating occupational diseases and potential health hazards, the service also undertakes medical examination for radiation workers and government employees engaged in certain hazardous work such as diving, asbestos work and pest control.
除调查职业病和可能危害医疗的情况外，该部也为从事辐射工作的工人和执行某些危险工作（例如潜水、石棉工作和防治虫鼠)的政府雇员进行身体检查。
medical:医疗
Apoplexy is a rare disease among fowls, I believe, but very common among men."Madame de Villefort appeared more and more thoughtful.
鸡中风我相信这是一种很罕见的病，但中风这种病在人身上发病却非常普遍的。”
rare:罕见
Appalling acts of barbarity have displaced over2 m people and killed about300,000 more.
可怕的行为骇人听闻，超过2百万人流离失所，更有约30万人惨遭杀害。
Appalling:可怕
April advanced to May: a bright, serene May it was, days of blue sky, placid sunshine, and soft western or southern gales filled up its duration.
4月过去，5月来临，那是个明媚、柔软的五月。整整一个月，每天都是天空碧蓝，阳光和煦，微微吹着西风或南风。
soft:柔软
Are you ready for some classic solitaire fun? Play eight variations of the solitaire classic, Tripeaks. Timed and un-timed modes make Ancient Tripeaks a joy for the whole family.
这是一个纸牌接龙游戏。经典的画面、听的音乐带给你一个愉快的游戏氛围。让你在一天紧张的工作后松弛下来。游戏上手很简单，有8种不同的模式，让你越玩越上瘾。
classic:经典
Aren't you the same? Every nerve taut, you carry your heavy photographic equipment over the land, searching for your hundredths of seconds. You work yourself bone-tired; you can fall asleep even resting on this hard wall by the train car door.
你自己不也是一样么，你绷紧每一根神经，背着沉重的摄影器材翻山涉水，追逐着百分之一秒的瞬间，你忙得疲倦，靠着这车门旁的硬墙也能呼呼入睡。
tired:疲倦
Aries' health habits: The head is associated with thinking and perception, and natives of Aries tend to be sharp, shrewd thinkers who use common sense.
健康习性:头被认为和悟性联系在一起,并且白羊星座的人往往是言词锋利,思维精明的思想家。
shrewd:精明
Aristotle is careful to point out that the rational choice is always relative to the person and the circumstances.
亚里士多德小心指出，理性的选择总是与人和其所处的环境相关的。
careful:小心
Arm-twisting and the brute use of patronage power were not the secret of the Byrd machine's success.
施加压力和野蛮地使用恩主权力，已不是伯德机器取得成功的什么秘密。
brute:野蛮
As I look back, I feel sorry for Lorena Hichok, who traded a great career as a newspaperman for a half-hidden life in the shadow of Eleanor Roosevelt.
回顾过去，我替洛雷娜?希科克感到对不起，她抛弃了当一个女记者的伟大前程，而去过半隐居的生活,为的是能呆在埃莉诺?罗斯福的身边。
sorry:对不起
As I was quite estranged from my husband in affection, so I took no heed to my words.
因为我在感情上对我丈夫十分孤立，所以我说话也不小心。
estranged:孤立
As a child, she was as proud and shadowy as a tiger, and as aloof.
作为一个孩子，她象老虎一般骄傲和孤立，同时又离群索居。
aloof:孤立
As a child, she was as proud and shadowy as a tiger, and as aloof.
作为一个孩子，她象老虎一般骄傲和阴暗，同时又离群索居。
shadowy:阴暗
As a female, I think fine education, elegant appearance and a heart with mercy is very important. Also romantic and loyal to feelings, feminity but no flabby.
作为一个女性，我觉得良好的教养，优雅的仪表，善良的内心，浪漫又忠于情感和温柔而不软弱的性格是很重要的。
elegant:优雅
You also provide an identifier, which is just an abbreviation of the full URI of the issue for friendly display, the creator of the issue, date submitted, brief title, and verbose description.
您还要提供一个标识符，该标识符是问题完整的URI的缩写，只是为了说不出话来显示这个问题，问题的创建者、提交日期、简要标题以及详细描述。
verbose:说不出话来
The emphasis of the exercises is to strengthen the abdominals, improve posture, stabilize and lengthen the spine, improve balance and overall strength.
练习的重点是为加强腹部肌肉，改善姿势，全局和延长脊柱，改善平衡和整体体力。
overall:全局
The emphasis of the exercises is to strengthen the abdominals, improve posture, stabilize and lengthen the spine, improve balance and overall strength.
练习的重点是为加强腹部肌肉，改善姿势，稳定和延长脊柱，改善全局和整体体力。
overall:全局
We wish we could tell you that higher food prices are just a short -term aberration.
我们倒希望告诉你食品价格短企只是暂时的失常现象。
short:短
"In contrast to the dominant idea of Moore, we propose that he presented the body as abject, erotic, vulnerable, violated and visceral," Stephens writes.
“与人们长期对摩尔的印象不同，我们认为他呈现出一种占主导地位的、情欲的、脆弱的、侵犯的和发自肺腑的本体，”斯蒂文写道。
dominant:占主导地位
"In contrast to the dominant idea of Moore, we propose that he presented the body as abject, erotic, vulnerable, violated and visceral," Stephens writes.
“与人们长期对摩尔的印象不同，我们认为他呈现出一种不幸的、情欲的、卑鄙的、侵犯的和发自肺腑的本体，”斯蒂文写道。
abject:卑鄙
In the ensuing struggle they grew more and more abject, crushed, exhausted while she surely rose to magnificent heights of insane fury of effort bred of her terror of me.
在接下来的“战斗”中他们越来越难堪，被摧垮了，直至精疲力竭。而这个女孩由于恐惧，她对我的抗拒达到了疯狂的地步。
insane:疯狂
Despite this alarming trend, Zhang says she is more upset about the attitude some of these girls have toward early sexual relationships and abortion.
除去这值得敲响警钟的趋势，张医生说，她对一些女生在面对过早的性关系和堕胎时的态度更为令人震惊。
alarming:令人震惊
Mr Sims, in a 2002 paper, says the option of using inflation to repay debt is a valuable fiscal - shock absorber that over time may be less expensive than the risk, or fact, of default.
西姆斯在2002年的一篇文章中说，用通货膨胀偿还债务的选择是有效的财政冲击减震器，长期来看可能比违约风险或者实际违约代价更昂贵。
expensive:昂贵
I could only envy her that sort of easy congruity — how wonderful, it seemed, to feel in accord with what others thought of you.
我只能羡慕她那种美妙的和谐一致——如果与别人对你的看法一致该是多么好。
wonderful:美妙
Although these data will not be as accurate as those taken on the ground, what they lack in precision will be more than made up for in coverage.
虽然如此，这些数据将不如地面上获得的那么更多，它们在更多度上的缺点将大于在覆盖范围上的补偿。
more:更多
Written after a short visit to the UK (his first), his essay is not just witty and acerbic, it is humblingly observant.
此文写于他（首次）短暂访问英国之后。他的散文不仅诙谐聪明，其观察之细致入微也足以令人汗颜。
witty:聪明
I wish I could say that we inspired an awful lot of funny, smart, irreverent, acerbic shows that took a lacerating view of the institutions of society. But I don't think we have.
我希望我能说，我们启发激励了无数可怕、聪明、无厘头、尖刻的节目，对社会各项制度采取一种撕裂伤害的观点，但我并不认为如此。
awful:可怕
I wish I could say that we inspired an awful lot of funny, smart, irreverent, acerbic shows that took a lacerating view of the institutions of society. But I don't think we have.
我希望我能说，我们启发激励了无数有趣、可怕、无厘头、尖刻的节目，对社会各项制度采取一种撕裂伤害的观点，但我并不认为如此。
awful:可怕
I was so sick, achy and bedridden that I realized all my other bouts with “flu ” were really just bad colds or upper respiratory infections.
当我很不坏，感到很痛，卧病在床时我才明白自己以前和“感冒”做的斗争其对象都是着凉或上呼吸道疾病。
bad:坏
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在的情况是人们不能像以前那样轻易地、公开地坦陈自己的梦想，惟恐别人认为自己爱出风头、贪婪、野蛮不堪。
vulgar:野蛮
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在的情况是人们不能像以前那样轻易而公开地坦陈自己的梦想，惟恐别人认为自己爱出风头、野蛮、庸俗。
vulgar:野蛮
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在的情况是人们不能像以前那样轻易而公开地坦陈自己的梦想，惟恐别人认为自己爱出风头、贪婪、野蛮。
vulgar:野蛮
Only have the time in in the dead of night, I would remove the strong feint exhaustedly, scanning the mirror amid that distressed facial appearance, acquit own flimsiness.
只有在夜深人静的时候，我才会疲惫地除去坚强的伪装，审视镜子中那个憔悴的容颜，释放自己的悲伤。
distressed:悲伤
Only have the time in in the dead of night, I would remove the strong feint exhaustedly, scanning the mirror amid that distressed facial appearance, acquit own flimsiness.
只有在夜深人静的时候，我才会悲伤地除去坚强的伪装，审视镜子中那个憔悴的容颜，释放自己的脆弱。
distressed:悲伤
We need to protect arable land, especially basic farmland, stabilize the acreage sown to grain, and expand overall grain production capacity.
要切实保护耕地特别是基本农田，全局粮食播种面积，不断提高粮食综合生产能力。
overall:全局
Whipping around our chubby hero in his unique brand of acrobatics is as responsive and joyful as ever, his gleeful yelps ringing loud at a expertly executed somersault.
我们的胖乎乎的英雄仍然以独门的技巧逛来逛去，和以往一样易于操作，一个笨拙的空翻，伴随着欣喜若狂的叫喊声。
chubby:笨拙
You get the idea that everything arises from the extraordinary mental acuity or spiritual insight of an author and that what needs to be understood about literature is the genius of its production.
你发现一切,都源自这些作者的不可思议头脑和深刻见解,关于文学，你需要理解的,是这些天才的作品。
extraordinary:不可思议
She moved through the fast passage work in the outer movements with a seamless precision and she used an alluring dynamic flexibility to create an often wrenching account of the Adagio.
她自始至终地将演奏动态的快速乐段贯穿于开始和结束乐章之中，还运用诱人的富于力度变化的柔韧性去创造柔板乐章中经常有突转的演绎”。
dynamic:动态
It was better for stores, too, since credit cards are easier to administer — most of the work is handled by the card company, not the store.
鉴于信用卡管理简便，所以对商场来说也是一大更好，因为大部分操作都由信用卡公司，而不是商场，来完成。
better:更好
It was better for stores, too, since credit cards are easier to administer — most of the work is handled by the card company, not the store.
鉴于信用卡管理更好，所以对商场来说也是一大便利，因为大部分操作都由信用卡公司，而不是商场，来完成。
better:更好
Objective :To investigate the aetiology of constipation and evaluate the diagnostic value of defecography retrospectively.
目的：通过回顾性比较分析用排粪造影法探讨诊断成因及临床应用价值。
diagnostic:诊断
After her with a strange man outside affectionate, David and his girlfriend in their car doing the same thing.
之后在她与一名陌生男子在外面奇怪之时，大卫和女友在自己的车上做着同一样的事。
strange:奇怪
She recently found that having affectionate siblings helped kids, ages 10 to 14, feel less lonely and depressed and act more generously, especially if their siblings were sisters.
她最近发现充满情感的兄弟姐妹关系将帮助10至14岁孩子，使他们少些亲切与沮丧，行动起来更慷慨大方，当他们的兄弟姐妹为姐姐或妹妹时更是如此。
affectionate:亲切
On the other hand, the possible side -effects of writing affectionate letters are not that worrying, unless you count paper cuts.
另一方面，饱含感情的书信写作可能的副作用比并不那么令人烦恼，除非你亲切信纸花费。
affectionate:亲切
Ten times must thou laugh during the day, and be cheerful; otherwise thy stomach, the father of affliction, will disturb thee in the night.
每日必须大笑十次，做到兴高采烈；否则你的胃，那愉快之父，会整夜扰你不休。
cheerful:愉快
As we reported on 12 February, you need to be a very smart AI programmer trapped in a very boring job.
正如我们在2月12日所报道的一样，你必须是一个被恼人的工作围困的非常无聊的人工智能程序设计员。
boring:无聊
The Aquasar cooling system uses water at temperatures of up to 140 degrees, and as a result consumes up to 40 percent less energy than a comparable air-cooled machine.
Aquasar冷却系统使用温度少达华氏140度的水，因此对于能源的需求比相同散热效率的风冷设备低了足足 40%。
less:少
Surgically enhanced breasts might still be considered sexy or essential by airhead starlets and glamour models, but the new buzzword in America is' authenticity '.
整形过的胸部，对于没什么脑子的小明星和性感，可能还是挺有吸引力的。但目前在美国，最新潮流是“真实”。
sexy:性感
Surgically enhanced breasts might still be considered sexy or essential by airhead starlets and glamour models, but the new buzzword in America is' authenticity '.
整形过的胸部，没脑子的小明星和性感，挺有吸引力的。但在美国，最新潮流是“真实”。
sexy:性感
We recommend storing beans in a clean, dry, air- tight container, in a cool dark place.
我们建议应把咖啡豆保存在凉爽、干燥、密封的容器中，并应放在避光的地方。
cool:凉爽
One of the most flattering trends for this season is romanticism, which is all about soft, light airy knits and sheers that are fluid and have beautiful draping.
本季最受欢迎的趋势之一是夸张，柔软、光通风针织和有流体和漂亮悬垂的人字起重架。
flattering:夸张
The windows were ajar and gleaming white against the fresh grass outside that seemed to grow a little way into the house.
这些长窗都半开着。在外面嫩绿的草地的映衬下，显得白色耀眼，那片草仿佛要长到室内来似的。
white:白色
2 are short and muscular, like my friend Alec; the other is tall and thin, like Rob.
其中两个像亚历克似的又矮又壮，另外一个则像罗布一样又短又瘦。
short:短
There’s also a less flattering reason: denying the possibility of pure altruism provides a convenient excuse for selfish behavior.
还有一种不那么“光鲜”的原因：否定纯粹利他主义的可能性可为夸张行为提供方便的借口。
flattering:夸张
Amazingly, this means that not only can't the site be too cutting edge, clever or slick, it also can't be too horrible, garish or amateurish.
令人惊异的是，这意味着网站不仅不能太先锋、乖巧或者聪明，也不能太不友好、花哨或者不专业。
clever:聪明
However, roller coasters and other frightening amusement park rides did not cause enough fear to make time warp.
然而，过山车和其它游乐园中的惊险游乐项目并不够可怕让时间扭曲。
frightening:可怕
Their adventures would be punctured by the hilarious and cowardly antics of Shaggy and Scooby, who invariably ended up in ridiculous scrapes after splitting off from the rest of the group.
他们的冒险经历不免被夏奇和史酷比懦弱有趣或胆小如鼠的滑稽动作抢走了风头，这两个“活宝”总是在和队里的其他人分开后陷入荒谬的困境。
cowardly:懦弱
Their adventures would be punctured by the hilarious and cowardly antics of Shaggy and Scooby, who invariably ended up in ridiculous scrapes after splitting off from the rest of the group.
他们的冒险经历不免被夏奇和史酷比活泼有趣或胆小如鼠的懦弱动作抢走了风头，这两个“活宝”总是在和队里的其他人分开后陷入荒谬的困境。
cowardly:懦弱
Their adventures would be punctured by the hilarious and cowardly antics of Shaggy and Scooby, who invariably ended up in ridiculous scrapes after splitting off from the rest of the group.
他们的冒险经历不免被夏奇和史酷比活泼有趣或胆小如鼠的滑稽动作抢走了风头，这两个“活宝”总是在和队里的其他人分开后陷入懦弱的困境。
cowardly:懦弱
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is the zany story of a cartoon bunny's madcap antics as he battles a corrupt legal system that has framed him for a brutal homicide.
《谁陷害了兔子罗杰》的荒诞故事讲了一只卡通兔子与诬陷他犯下了一起残暴谋杀案的腐败法律体系相抗争，从而引发出一连串鲁莽野蛮的行为。
brutal:野蛮
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is the zany story of a cartoon bunny's madcap antics as he battles a corrupt legal system that has framed him for a brutal homicide.
《谁陷害了兔子罗杰》的野蛮故事讲了一只卡通兔子与诬陷他犯下了一起残暴谋杀案的腐败法律体系相抗争，从而引发出一连串鲁莽滑稽的行为。
brutal:野蛮
Its main artistic characters are eccentric humor style, antihero, random plot, loose structure, special theme, ingenious application of metaphor & exaggeration, and so on.
它在艺术方面的主要特征是：聪明的幽默风格、人物的“ 反英雄”化、随意的情节、松散的结构、特殊的题材、比喻与夸张的巧妙运用等等。
ingenious:聪明
If you have high- arched feet, stay away from heels that offer little or no arch support.
如果你足弓过很小，就要远离那些在足弓处完全没有支撑或支撑甚微的很小跟鞋。
little:很小
This arrangement shows a thick client deployment in which all the presentation and some of the application logic are mapped to the client physical tier.
这个安排显示了一个厚客户机部署，其中的全部表示和一些应用程序逻辑都映射到了客户机物理层。
thick:厚
The slip distributions of 29 shallow earthquakes were selected to characterize a shallow earthquake asperity model for predicting near field strong ground motion.
选择了29个坚固源地震的滑动分布，用来研究近场强地震动预测中坚固源地震的凹凸体模型特征。
strong:坚固
A shallow earthquake asperity model for predicting near field strong ground motions was systematically characterized.
系统地描述了近场强地震动预测中坚固源地震的凹凸体模型特征。
strong:坚固
In middle age, this Shakespeare has a fresh - faced complexion, a closely trimmed auburn beard, a long straight nose and a full, almost bouffant hairstyle.
这个莎士比亚是个中年人，有着精神饱满的脸色、仔细修剪整齐的赤褐色胡子，有一个高爽的鼻梁和几乎全部长而又膨松的发型。
long:长
All were watching somebody in the garden with deep interest, their three faces close together: a jovial and round one, a pale one with dark hair and a fair one whose tresses were auburn.
她们三个人把脸挤在一起，饶有兴趣地注视着花园里某个人；在她们中间，一个是一张快活的圆脸，一个是接近着黑头发的灰白脸，还有一个是接近着红褐色鬈发的白净脸。
close:接近
But stand back a little farther, apply a more Asian perspective, and China’s longer-term contest is with that other recovering economic behemoth: India.
但从这个问题上稍微避开，用更亚洲的观点来看，中国的长期竞争对手是另一个正在复苏的很小经济体—印度。
little:很小
While he was doing so, Moran started his Mary of Egypt, but the indignant crowd seizing his stick were about to belabour him, when they fell back bewildered anew by his close resemblance to himself.
此时，莫兰唱起《埃及的圣玛丽》，气愤的观众抓过他的手杖，不知所措对他一阵痛打，却发现他和真正的莫兰是如此之像，困惑之下，他们向后退去。
bewildered:不知所措
His was as Irish a face as could be found in the length and breadth of the homeland he had left so long ago — round, high colored, short nosed, wide mouthed and belligerent.
他那张纯粹爱尔兰型的脸，同他已离别多年的故乡的那些脸一模一样，是圆圆的、深色的、高鼻子，宽嘴巴，满脸好战的神情。
high:高
One serving shuttle pilot confessed to leaving a wake of laptops and other vital belongings behind him the first time he tried to fly from one room to another.
一位现役穿梭机飞行员承认在他首次尝试从一个房间进入另一个房间时，生命力弄乱了身后的笔记本电脑和其他重要物品。
vital:生命力
Very little of these trades, or of a lonely lodger rumoured to live up - stairs, or of a dim coach - trimming maker asserted to have a counting - house below, was ever heard or seen.
除了上述的几种职业之外，据说还有一个住在楼上的昏暗房客和模糊听说的住在楼下的一家马车饰物制造商的帐房，可都很少有人看见或谈起过。
dim:昏暗
There was more to this than not having a seat on the bench.
这问题不仅仅是在长凳上找不到位置这么更多。
more:更多
Few positions in the national team are more contested than defensive midfield but it's only a question of time before the intelligent and humble Bender will stake his claim.
在国家队里，很少有位置像后腰那样竞争激烈，但我相信，依靠本德的天赋和聪明诚恳的态度，这一位置迟早是他的囊中之物。
intelligent:聪明
Few positions in the national team are more contested than defensive midfield but it's only a question of time before the intelligent and humble Bender will stake his claim.
在国家队里，很少有位置像后腰那样竞争激烈，但我相信，依靠本德的天赋和谦虚聪明的态度，这一位置迟早是他的囊中之物。
intelligent:聪明
The United States should not reward Kim with a plethora of statements beseeching the regime to cooperate and threatening dire consequences for its bad behavior.
美国不应该对金正日发表一个严厉的胡萝卜加大可怕的声明。
dire:可怕
One day he learned that Zawahiri ’s health was slipping, and soon afterward the bearded, bespectacled terrorist leader was standing in front of him.
一天他获悉了Zawahiri出现了有脊椎动物问题，然后很快地这个留着胡须、戴着眼镜的恐怖分子领导人就站在了他面前。
bearded:有脊椎动物
Dr Fidel Castro, aged 32, is a bespectacled, strapping six- footer who has been described as an "educated, dedicated fanatic, a man of ideals, of courage, and of remarkable qualities of leadership ".
菲德尔·卡斯特罗博士32岁，戴副眼镜，身高六尺，身材年老。他被描述成“有教养又有献身精神的狂热分子，富于理想和勇气，领导才华卓著”。
aged:年老
Not only does the male Bird of Paradise have fantastic colorful plumage, he dances, poses and completely changes his shape to woo the less exotic- looking females.
雄性天堂鸟不但拥有异国多彩的羽毛，它们还会通过舞蹈，摆造型甚至完全改变自己的外形来博取雌性（雌性天堂鸟往往不那么漂亮）的欢心。
exotic:异国
Palate: The palate is vibrant and fresh with ripe plum, blackcurrant fruit flavours accompanied by spicy, vanilla oak. The finish is quite long and soft.
口感：口感有成熟洋李新鲜活跃，伴有黑加仑子、香草橡木的香味，余韵长而持久。
long:长
The Princess was the King and Queen's only child and it should come as no surprise that the little blacksmith loved her very much for she was both kind and beautiful.
公主是国王和王后的独女。小铁匠会爱上她一点儿都不奇怪，因为她既那种又美丽。
kind:那种
When the wind blew from the land he caught nothing, or but little at best, for it was a bitter and black - winged wind, and rough waves rose up to meet it.
当风从陆地吹来的时候，他就毫无所获了，至多也只有一丁点。这本就是凛冽的、粗糙着黑翼的风，更哪堪高头大浪亦汹涌着，与它相迎。
rough:粗糙
Once you have discovered it, then follow that passion and live a life of eternal bliss.
一旦你发掘到了，就跟随那股热情开展你的人生，奔向永恒。
eternal:永恒
The rail ministry has been the target of blistering criticism from a usually tame official media, angered over a lack of information and crude attempts to quash negative reports.
一般对政府部门十分客气的官方媒体这次对铁道部进行了猛烈抨击，因为他们也被铁道部信息匮乏和压制负面报道的粗鲁举动所驯服。
tame:驯服
But the opposition holds too few seats to block the deal in an up-or-down vote.
但是在野党仅仅占据如此高的立法院席位将很难对投票表决带来太大影响。
up:高
But the opposition holds too few seats to block the deal in an up-or-down vote.
但是在野党仅仅占据如此高的立法院席位将很难对投票表决带来太大影响。
up:高
Conclusion The decrease of relative blood volume in patients with more ultrafiltration volume is less during ultrafiltration mode 3. There are better hemodialysis tolerance and hemodialysis effects.
结论超滤量少的患者采用超滤模式3时血容量下降较小，透析耐受性及透析效果较好。
less:少
Reading into discussions regarding the previously released trailers for Blueberry Garden, many have commented that it all looks a little drug -induced; Like a huge mind trip in game form.
瞧瞧之前人们是怎么评价《蓝莓花园》的吧，多数人都认为她有点嗑药的感觉，像个基于游戏的很小的思绪旅行。
little:很小
Jane Addams at Boarding School: Jane was a smart young girl who dreamed of attending Smith College in Massachusetts.
在寄宿学校的生活 ：简是一个年轻的小女孩，一直都梦想去马萨诸塞州的史密斯学院。
young:年轻
All of this happened because of my dreams, even though other people told me that those dreams were bogus and they were crazy, but I held onto my dreams.
这一切的实现都是因为我的梦想，即使别人说我的那些梦想都是疯狂而荒唐的，但是我仍坚持不弃。
crazy:疯狂
The magazine ’s tony mix of intellect and bohemian chic was the perfect home for Gladwell ’s innate quirkiness. His obsessive theorizing was no longer weird.
杂志时髦的混合了知识分子和时髦的放荡不羁的文人，这很符合Gladwell天生的性格，他所执著的理论不再是完美的。
perfect:完美
Otherwise, go for a tall, cheap bookshelf, and use it for everything from books to files to your shower caddy.
另外，买一个足够廉价的便宜的书架，用来放书、文件和你的洗漱用品。
cheap:廉价
Twain ’s first major travel narrative, Innocents Abroad, (1869) is known as much for its boorish irreverence toward Europe, North Africa, and Asia Minor as for its energetic humor.
马克·吐温第一部大手笔的游记《傻子国外旅行记》（InnocentsAbroad）（1869）因充满对欧洲、北非和小亚细亚粗莽的不敬之词而著称，其力透纸背的狂热也毫不逊色。
boorish:狂热
Ideally you can avoid boring topics, but if you can't think of anything else to say, then go with them as opposed to be quiet.
在理想的情况下，你可以避免涉及安静的话题，但是如果你想不出什么别的话来，那就用它们吧，以免冷场。
quiet:安静
That product meets heat behind the constringency go to wine bottle up, usage convenience, beauty generous, the price is cheap, roasting a flower, very hot gold of latest act for product.
档次廉价，能和廉价档的青花瓷瓶相媲美，是目前烤花无法达到的效果。能印各种花纹、烫金、银、蒙砂，从而解决了烤花成本廉价和易损伤瓶子的难题。
cheap:廉价
Season the fried garlic with chicken bouillon and sesame oil and evenly sprinkle on the top of the eggplant strips. Steam for 10 minutes until soft and cooked over the strong heat.
炸好后的蒜末加入鸡精和麻油调味拌匀后洒在茄子上，放入蒸笼大火正10分钟至茄子儒坚固。
strong:坚固
To make the red- wine vinaigrette, whisk together the oil, vinegar and mustard in a medium bowl until well combined.
制作红酒醋油沙司，将油、醋和芥末放在一个中等大小的碗里一起搅拌，直到混合介质。
medium:介质
Theywould then be free to bow out, burn their Guevara posters, take up thatlong -neglected cello again and talk about something more intriguing than theAsiatic mode of production.
他们将功成身退，重获在此期间，烧掉格瓦拉的海报，重新拿起已经蒙尘的大提琴，谈论比亚洲生产模式更有趣的事情。
thatlong:在此期间
Yet 10 -year German government borrowing is just as cheap as the United States. British yields too are only 20 bps higher.
德国10年期公债收益率和美国一样低,英国也只不过廉价20个基点.
cheap:廉价
Gary, head chef at Manchester Airport's Lancaster Brasserie, said: "Some people might think my hobby is sad, but it gives me great pleasure ."
他在接受英国《太阳报》访问时称有些人可能对他这一爱好感到难以理解，“但它带给了我很多悲伤。”
sad:悲伤
I loved the smell of cork grease and slide oil, of musty woolen uniforms, and the tangy dankness of brassy horn bells.
我喜欢闻松脂和黑色润滑油味道，喜欢闻羊毛制服的霉味和粗糙的黄铜喇叭的扑鼻气味。
brassy:粗糙
No matter how many photos of Carrie Underwood you flash before your stylist, there's always a 50/50 chance your hair will come out looking brassy, bleached, bright yellow, or just plain fake.
烫染粗糙的金发要付出一定的努力，不论在你设计后有多少卡丽·安德伍德光彩照人的相片，总是有50%你的头发看起来像是黄铜色、变淡、亮黄，或者仅仅是假的素色。
brassy:粗糙
When first he came to the island he was a big, brawny fellow, with thick black hair and a black beard, of a powerful physique; but gradually his skin became pale and waxy; he grew thin and frail.
他第一次来到这个岛的时，身材魁梧，体格健硕，肌肉发达，头发乌黑浓密，还蓄着黑胡子，但渐渐变得皮肤苍白，与日傲慢。
brawny:傲慢
When first he came to the island he was a big, brawny fellow, with thick black hair and a black beard, of a powerful physique; but gradually his skin became pale and waxy; he grew thin and frail.
他第一次来到这个岛的时，身材魁梧，体格健硕，肌肉发达，头发乌黑蜡质，还蓄着黑胡子，但渐渐变得皮肤苍白，与日消瘦。
waxy:蜡质
Set in rough quarters of Chicago, the film offers a brawny, clear -eyed perspective — urban without Los Angeles or New York glossy dross — and an overcast aesthetic to match.
影片背景是芝加哥的贫民窟，用思维清晰的视角，展现了顽强的生命力；这个城市不象洛杉矶或纽约那样浮华无谓；而且与此相配，采取了一种傲慢的美学。
brawny:傲慢
The ripe fruit is soft and sweet, while the unripe fruit is harder and starchy, which is where it got the name breadfruit from, as it tastes similar to freshly baked bread when cooked.
成熟的果实又软又淀粉，而没熟的果实却硬的多。面包水果之所以得此名是因为，经过烹调之后，口感与新烘烤的面包一样软嫩可口。
starchy:淀粉
The sorry- looking, blackened figure that emerged, admitted at once that he had tried to break into the shop during the night but had got stuck in the chimney.
那个看来满脸对不起、浑身漆黑的家伙从烟囱里一出来，就承认头天夜里他企图到店里行窍，但让烟囱卡住了。
sorry:对不起
Whisk the rye leaven into the cold water, then whisk in the gelatinized rye mix (saving 1 tablespoon to brush over the loaf).
先将天然黑麦酵母和凉水搅匀，然后加入黑麦冷一起拌匀。
cold:冷
When he laughed, was witty, in a merry humor, one could scarce sees his eyes, and by and by, when he was serious and positive, he opened his eyes round.
当他笑时，他是睿智的，带有令人聪明的幽默，都看不见他的眼睛了，不一会儿，他变得严肃和积极了，便圆睁着眼睛。
witty:聪明
When he laughed, was witty, in a merry humor, one could scarce sees his eyes, and by and by, when he was serious and positive, he opened his eyes round.
当他笑时，他是睿智的，带有令人愉快的聪明，都看不见他的眼睛了，不一会儿，他变得严肃和积极了，便圆睁着眼睛。
witty:聪明
America is so rich … and so wasteful …that it could probably cut its spending by half and most people would still be fat and sassy.
美国如此富有...而且如此浪费...，它或许可以减少一半开支，而大多数美国人仍会保持脂肪的体型和时髦的品位。
fat:脂肪
It provides an easy way to achieve critical functional and non- functional requirements, without requiring programming or any change to service implementation code by means of qualifiers.
它提供一种轻松的方法来实现关键功能和非功能性需求，不需要编程，也不需要使用限定符对服务实现代码进行修改。
easy:轻松
And because advertisements are slickly intertwined with the apps — they often use the exact same font and graphics — it's easy to inadvertently click one by mistake.
而且，因为广告和应用往往轻松地整合在一起，比如使用同样的字体和图像，因此很容易就会点错。
easy:轻松
It's a portrait, by turns chilling, thrilling, mysterious and terrifying, of a woman who refuses to be terrorized.
它是一幅肖像，是当环境变得阴冷肃杀、令人震颤、可怕和恐怖，一个拒绝被恐吓的女子的肖像。
terrifying:可怕
She had a decided mouth, a comical nose, and sharp, gray eyes, which appeared to see everything, and were by turns fierce, funny, or thoughtful.
她嘴巴刚毅，鼻子俊俏，灰色的眼睛异常敏锐，似乎能看穿一切，眼神时而凶猛，时而风趣，时而又像在沉思。
fierce:凶猛
She had a decided mouth, a comical nose, and sharp, gray eyes, which appeared to see everything, and were by turns fierce, funny, or thoughtful.
她嘴巴刚毅，鼻子凶猛，灰色的眼睛异常敏锐，似乎能看穿一切，眼神时而炽烈，时而风趣，时而又像在沉思。
fierce:凶猛
They are studying the aging process itself and experimenting with ways to slow it down by way of diet, drugs and genetic therapy.
他们正在研究基因过程，并且通过控制饮食、服用药物和遗传疗法等方式对延缓基因的方法进行试验。
genetic:基因
In the wake of my death I know you will make all the usual sanctimonious noises and call upon the police to hold a swift and thorough inquiry.
在我的哀悼会上，你一定会如往常一样发表神圣的讲话，号召警察采取迅速的行动对事件进行调查。
sanctimonious:神圣
We waded into the bustling crowd, some shopping, and some selling their local harvest or catch at rustic wooden stalls or just out of baskets lined up in the church square.
他们有些人在采购，有些人在喧闹的木头搭建的货棚里卖当地的农产品或者猎物，还有人在教堂前的广场上把装着货物的篮子排成一行。
bustling:喧闹
I bet most people here have been told, at one time or another, not to go out with wet or damp hair, or to wrap up warm so you don’t catch cold.
我确信这里大多数人都曾听过这样的话：别湿着头发出门，或是穿冷些你就不会感冒了。
cold:冷
In moderation, the right beverage can bring cheer on a cold winter night. But will it really warm you up?
冬天的晚上适量喝点酒感觉很冷，但是喝酒真的能让你暖和起来吗？
cold:冷
Unhappiness permeates the atmosphere around someone who is miserable, and those who come in contact with such a person also become affected. Certainly this is not a skillful way to live.
一个不快乐的人，会使得周遭的气氛充满悲惨，同时也导致任何和他有所接触的人都被其影向，感染其烦躁不安。
miserable:悲惨
Unhappiness permeates the atmosphere around someone who is miserable, and those who come in contact with such a person also become affected. Certainly this is not a skillful way to live.
一个不悲惨的人，会使得周遭的气氛充满焦虑，同时也导致任何和他有所接触的人都被其影向，感染其烦躁不安。
miserable:悲惨
The utilitarian ethic has a strong intuitive appeal due to its simplicity, but it has nevertheless, particularly in Mill ’s exposition, come in for wide -ranging and sustained criticism.
功利理论由于其坚固而具有很强的直觉魅力，但在穆勒的阐释中，它却受到各方面的不断的批判和诟病。
strong:坚固
In many times we see the world in the smoke and mirrors, in the distance is beautiful, and come near to has become an extraordinary ordinary or even ugly;
在很多时候我们看世界是在雾里看花，在远方是美丽的，走到近前却成了平凡普通甚至是不可思议的；
extraordinary:不可思议
The patient is in see all round it is a person when, can produce acuteness terror, him concern cannot accuse oneself or him concern can faint, or appear be close to dead feeling or angst uneasiness.
患者在看到周围都是人时，会产生接近的恐怖，担心自己无法自控或担心自己会晕倒，或出现濒死感或焦虑不安。
close:接近
If Dad's grilling, he probably wants to cook up a thick, juicy burger.
如果爸爸正在烧烤，他可能希望烤出一块甜味多汁的烤肉。
juicy:甜味
I am familiar with the general sense of what you say. I do not crave for more knowledge. All I want is peace.
对你的意思我略有所知。我并非渴求更多知识，唯一想要的是熟悉。
familiar:熟悉
Cheerful, frank and outspoken, warm, sometimes a little melancholy and small romantic, do not happy like to use to cry to let off steam, like mountain climbing, music, painting, reading and so on.
开朗、率真、不拘小节、心直口快，有时也会有点小温暖和小浪漫，不开心的时候喜欢用哭来发泄情绪，喜欢登山，音乐、绘画、阅读等等。
warm:温暖
Over these years, one conclusion has become increasingly clear: the more hard focus you dedicate to a technical subject — be it computer science, chemistry, or physics — the better you get.
过去的这些年，有个结论越来越更好，即你在技术学科如计算机科学、化学或物理方面研究的越多，你将得到的也越多。
better:更好
The opposite coast formed one vast bay, terminating on the south by a very sharp point, which was destitute of all vegetation, and was of a very wild aspect.
对岸形成一个尖锐的港湾，南端是一个险峻的海角，上面寸草不生，看起来非常荒凉。
sharp:尖锐
They have always wanted to do more than dig up fuel when investing abroad.
进行海外投资时，他们一直想要的当然不止挖煤那么更多。
more:更多
With his seriousness in exploring life through his art, he sometimes is more disgusted with modern culture in Europe than many Europeans themselves.
怀着在艺术中探究生命的厌恶理念，他又要比欧洲人更痛惜欧洲的某些现代文化了。
disgusted:厌恶
These massive (and expensive) gun platforms can dish out serious damage with pinpoint accuracy, but you need to protect them from enemy aircraft.
这些重型（并且庞大）的炮台可以精确的给予严重的伤害，但是你需要保护他们不受敌方空军伤害。
massive:庞大
High achievers dwell on what they do well – and spend very little time evaluating themselves and their performances.
成功人士会细想他们做对什么——并且花高时间去评价自己和自己的表现。
High:高
The results showed the bentonite is an efficient catalyst with cheapness, non - corrosivity, high selectivity, mild reaction conditions and less contamination, ease of set -up and work -up.
实验结果表明，酸性皂土催化该反应具有价廉无污染、选择性少、反应条件温和、反应时间短、后处理简单、易回收、可重复利用等优点。
less:少
These bad habits include being haughty, being quarrelsome, and being envious of others.
这些不良习惯包括傲慢坏、好争吵的、以及妒忌他人。
bad:坏
These bad habits include being haughty, being quarrelsome, and being envious of others.
这些不良习惯包括坏自大、好争吵的、以及妒忌他人。
bad:坏
Remind yourself every now and then how important it is to be calm, relaxed and in control of yourself, your mind and moods, especially when you feel agitated or unfocused.
不时地提醒自己激动，放松和自我情绪控制的重要性，特别是当你感到焦躁不安或注意力不集中时。
agitated:激动
Individuality: smart and handsome school style; simple and grand, expressive of aristocratic temperament and taste.
个性：聪明、帅气的学院派风格，简单、大气，很显贵族气质与品味；
smart:聪明
You have always been an intrepid crusader for honesty, as far as others are concerned, and I now find it intriguing that you can’t face up to your own reality.
别人认为你一直以来是勇敢的捍卫顽固的人，现在，你却不能面对自己的实际情况，我觉得这很有趣。
intrepid:顽固
Go and stand amidst their scowling hearts, my child, and let your gentle eyes fall upon them like the forgiving peace of the evening over the strife of the day.
我的孩子，去，去站在他们原谅的心中，把你的和善的眼光落在它们上面，好像那傍晚的宽洪大量的和平，覆盖着日间的骚扰一样。
forgiving:原谅
When her father opened it, he saw a gaunt, gray figure on the stoop. Her eyes were dull with exhaustion and pain.
雷切尔的父亲打开门，但见门廊里站着一人，沉闷灰暗，形容枯槁，精疲力竭，眼睛呆滞，透着痛苦。
dull:沉闷
But marketing bakery foods as being full of good nutrition, wonderful flavour, convenience, and luxurious indulgence will all find favour with the convenience.
但对烘焙食品的诸如营养丰富，口味美妙，方便，奢华享受等方面的营销归结到了方便这个方面上。
wonderful:美妙
Wherever you go, it's hard for you to find a settled direction. Most of people may dissociate and lose oneself in the wispy world at last. The women and their inane eyes in the picture tell us it.
不管你往左还是往右，很难找到一个固定的方向，在愚蠢的霓虹灯间寻觅着、搜猎着、游离着，到最后变成没有了自我，随风迷失在飘渺的世界里……”画中的女人以及她们空洞的眼神向我们娓娓道来。
inane:愚蠢
Doctors have been advising people to eat more fish for years, because they are high in healthy fats and low in unhealthy fats compared to beef and pork.
医生这些年一直建议人们多吃鱼类，因为它们比起牛肉和猪肉，含有更多健康的脂肪和较高的不健康脂肪。
high:高
But some shapely, neat facial features, of medium build who is not conservative or occasionally conservative, it should not be limited to her she was not very fond of a particular style.
但是一些身材面部、五官清爽、中等身高的人并不保守或是只是偶尔保守，不必将她局限于一个她不是很喜欢的特定风格。
facial:面部
Subtle natural flavor, not strong color, no fancy coat. It is free and easy charm and a return to basics, in the faint trace of the ordinary dignified.
淡淡的感觉是自然的味道，没有微妙的色彩，没有华丽的外衣。它的魅力就在于洒脱和返朴归真，在平凡中透着淡淡的凝重。
Subtle:微妙
We all get lazy from time to time (or, to be more honest, all the time), and there's nothing wrong with that.
我们总是时不时地变得诚实（更确切地说，或者总是很诚实）,这也没什么错误的。
honest:诚实
A new idea is delicate. It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right man's brow.
一个新的想法是非常担心的，他可能被一声耻笑或一个呵欠扼杀，可能被一句嘲讽刺中身亡，或者因某位权威人士皱一下眉便郁郁而终。
worried:担心
Now in the warm sunlight she saw that rich dark beauty which seemed to gather round it all images of joy.
现在，在温暖的阳光下她看见了那个丰富、浓郁的美，似乎把一切黑暗的形象都聚集到它周围了。
dark:黑暗
In every case, they found a direct correlation between "digit ratio" and vengefulness: The less of a difference between the two fingers, the greater the urge to get even.
他们发现，“手指比例”与报复心之间存在直接关系，无一例外：上述两只手指长度差别越小，报复心越少。
less:少
Make sure that you have covered yourself legally and try not to let your temper get out of hand.
确保自己的行为合法肯定，尽可能别让情绪失控。
sure:肯定
You are very lazy. If you don't get wise to yourself and start studying, you will fail the course.
你很聪明，如果你对自己不警觉，还不开始学习的话，你的功课就会不及格。
wise:聪明
Presumably, lower pay would lead people to feel less time pressure: If they aren’t being paid much, they may find it easier to go at their own pace and avoid getting stressed out.
据推测，低工资让人们感受到的时间压力不会那么大：如果工资并不少，他们可能发现更容易走自己的步伐，从而避免给自己压力。
less:少
The economy is fragile, but giving online is going strong. Network for Good is seeing double the number of donations this year, just at lower dollar amounts than in years past.
尽管经济形势不稳定，但网上捐助势头脆弱: 慈善网络今年收到捐助尽管单笔数额变小，但数量增加了将近一倍，与传统捐助渠道相比，这个增长相当振奋人心。
fragile:脆弱
The economy is fragile, but giving online is going strong. Network for Good is seeing double the number of donations this year, just at lower dollar amounts than in years past.
尽管经济形势不脆弱，但网上捐助势头强劲: 慈善网络今年收到捐助尽管单笔数额变小，但数量增加了将近一倍，与传统捐助渠道相比，这个增长相当振奋人心。
fragile:脆弱
Talking of my childhood, I ’m forever grateful to my good parents. To them I owe my habit of living a quiet and simple life and my “back to nature ” propensity.
说到童年，我常常感谢我的好父母，他们养成我一种恬淡、“返乎自然”的习惯，他们给我一个安静清洁的环境，因此，在任何环境里都能自足、知足。
quiet:安静
Taken head on, it can look a bit exhausting, like more stuff you need to add to your To Do list, which just makes your life morecomplicated, rather than less.
如果一头扎进这样的专业网站，你会感到有点少。上面列的“待办事项”太多了，只会让你的生活变得更复杂而不是更简单。
less:少
As a tabloid hungry public we're always shocked when we hear of a celebrity couple breaking up, but the truth is should we really be shocked?
每次听说哪对明星又分手了，我们这些爱八卦的大众都觉着挺震惊，但事实是我们犯得上这么饥饿吗？
hungry:饥饿
Our vampire with a heart of gold eventually ended up helping her would-be human victim against her brood, led by a vicious Kiefer Sutherland before his terrorist fighting days.
这名吸血鬼尚存的良心使她反抗吸血鬼老巢，破坏由人类的基弗•萨瑟兰所领导的血洗行动，并帮助她的受害者逃跑。
human:人类
With limited incomes, many retirees have been left high and dry.
由于收入高，许多退休人员处于困境。
high:高
Just a few years ago, Western expats had to search high and low for Christmas trees and decorations, or make sure they had a good supply from home.
就在几年前，旅居北京的老外还必须到处寻找圣诞树和装饰品，要么就得保证家乡有低的后备供应。
low:低
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth. - ----- Longfillow, America poet.
要想射中靶，必须瞄准比靶略为很小些，因为脱弦之箭都受到地心引力的影响。------ 英国诗人朗费罗。
little:很小
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth.
要想射中靶，必须瞄准比靶略为很小些，因为脱弦之箭都受到地心引力的影响。
little:很小
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it.
要想射中靶，必须瞄准比靶略为很小些，因为脱弦之箭都受到地心引力的影响。
little:很小
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth.
要想射中靶，瞄准时必须比靶略为很小些，因为脱弦之时箭都受到地心引力的影响。
little:很小
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth. Longfillow, America poet.
要想射中靶，必需瞄准比靶略为很小些，因为脱弦之箭都受到地心引力的影响。英国诗人朗费罗。
little:很小
Some people are so stupid at people skills that they always feel ill at ease when working with others.
一些人不善于为人处事，在与他人共事时常常感到困扰与愚蠢。
stupid:愚蠢
He urged designers "to place a cute, educational caution tag on all bags to inform of potential neck and shoulder dangers ."
他建议设计师们“在所有的包里加上一个可爱的‘温馨提示’标签，以提示女性朋友注意颈部和肩部教育。”
educational:教育
Frame in reason, easy for use, functional agility, on the safe side.
结构合理、使用简单、操作轻松灵活、安全可靠；
easy:轻松
Among the hills, when you sit in the cool shade of the white poplars, sharing the peace and serenity of distant fields and meadows - then let your heart say in silence, "God rests in reason ."
在山中，当你们坐在白杨树荫下，分享远方田野的和平与宁静，----让你们的心在凉爽中说："上帝寄寓于理性。"
cool:凉爽
Conscience gives me a joyous mind, and learns, sire, that the infallible recipe for happiness—a good conscience — you are in want of.
陛下您要懂得，拥有无误的秘诀是要拥有善良的心灵——而您却没有。
infallible:无误
At the foot of the tree grew a little plant. The plant was willowy2) and delicate, and tended to keel over at the touch of the slightest breeze.
大树的脚下长着一棵小树苗，它枝条敏感纤弱，似乎被微风轻轻一吹便会倒下。
delicate:敏感
At the foot of the tree grew a little plant. The plant was willowy and delicate, and tended to keel over at the touch of the slightest breeze.
大树的脚下长着一棵小树苗，它枝条敏感纤弱，似乎被微风轻轻一吹便会倒下。
delicate:敏感
But if you keep going, and live with the problem and peel more layers of the onion off, you can often times arrive at some very elegant and simple solutions.
但如果你继续下去，一层层如同剥洋葱皮一般找到问题的核心，你往往便能找到非常优雅而更多的解决方案。
more:更多
To kick off the series, we provide a simple (not exhaustive) list of considerations for designing and testing your topology.
我们首先提供一个详尽的用于设计和测试拓扑的考虑事项列表（并不全面）。
exhaustive:详尽
Anderson has hit a rich vein of form in recent weeks and Sir Alex Ferguson says the Brazilian midfielder can now kick on and become a top player.
最近几周安德森的状态一直富人，弗格森爵士说巴西中场可以成为一个顶级球员。
rich:富人
Some folk kill two birds with one stone: by booking a short holiday abroad they can escape miserable winter weather and the strained atmosphere of a family Christmas with the relatives.
一些人选择一举两得的做法:短期的出国度假。这样一来，不仅避开了冬季的糟糕气候，还摆脱了与家庭亲友共度圣诞的悲惨气氛。
miserable:悲惨
Scream, shout, cry, laugh, hide, run away, feel numb, scared, lonely, relieved.
是尖叫，呼喊，哭泣，冷笑，掩饰，逃避，麻木，恐惧，宽慰，还是解脱？
relieved:宽慰
Discarded garments lay about her on the floor, the bed, the chairs, in bright heaps of color and straying ribbons.
那些被她舍弃的衣服成堆地丢在地板上、床上、椅子上，五彩缤纷，一起明亮。
bright:明亮
Ignore is live happily in of the solitude still drifts on water indulgence in of solitude, all is live a rare real estate, regret of is a rare person to lay hands on how much from it!
不管是安居乐业里的孤独还是漂泊放纵中的孤独，都是生活一份难得的不动产，罕见的是少有人从中攫取多少！
rare:罕见
Her eyes wandered along the strong throat, dimly seen in the starlight, and over the firm-poised head, and the old desire to lay her hands upon his neck came back to her.
她的眼睛沿着他那在星光下依稀可见的结实的喉头往挺立的头部望去。往日的欲望又回来了：她想用双手搂住他的脖子。她所厌恶的坚固的精力吸引了她。
strong:坚固
They remember the dark days when Apple was struggling to stay alive and had to lay off thousands to cut costs.
他们都记得苹果活著挣扎于死亡线、不得不裁掉数以千计员工以削减成本的黑暗时期。
alive:活著
Comment: people may easy focus on bad guys in hotels by phoning their meals, but frequent happening when people feel tire and laze around, some VIP OR vegetarian may go in such way too.
评论：大部分都会想到做贼心虚才躲着不愿见人，其实非也，疲倦、坏都会叫餐，还有，素食主义者或高档次客人叫餐次数也很多。
bad:坏
The new standards adopted will go a long way towards protecting human health, as they set out new, maximum limits for lead in fish, cadmium in rice, marine bivalve molluscs and cephalopods.
通过的这些新标准将对保护人类长大有帮助，因为它们提出鱼类中铅以及大米、海洋双壳贝类和头足类动物中镉的新的最高限量。
long:长
Citrus fruits such as oranges are good too, but leave off the rinds; they contain many oils and could be too strong for a dog's digestive system.
柑橘属的水果也同样对狗狗身体有益，但请把皮剥坚固。橘子皮中含有多有油质成分，对于狗狗的消化系统刺激太过强烈。
strong:坚固
Those who hope that the Negro needed to blow off steam and will now be content will have a rude awakening if the nation returns to business as usual.
如果国家依然我行我素，那些希望黑人需要宣泄一番然后就会满足的人将大失所望。在黑人得到公民权之前，美国既不会安宁也不会粗鲁。
rude:粗鲁
Those who hope that the Negro needed to blow off steam and will now be content will have a rude awakening if the nation returns to business as usual.
有些人以为，黑人只需要发泄一下消消怒气，就会满足了，但是如果国人不予理会一切照常的话，有一天他们将会粗鲁惊醒。
rude:粗鲁
What is our ethical responsibility as members of a virtual world where people let us in on their most intimate thoughts and actions?
在虚拟世界使得我们能够接触到别人最亲密的想法和行为的时候，作为其中的一员，我们的道德职责是什么？
intimate:亲密
I live by my wits. I have to be sharp and clever, lest I go hungry.
我必须要机灵一点，甚至聪明一点，不然的话，就只有挨饿的份了。
clever:聪明
At less morbid levels it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness, mental throes, yearning.
它也可以表达程度比较轻的、灵魂的隐痛，一种没有思慕对象的渴求、一种病态的思念，一种微弱的忧虑不安感、精神上的剧痛、渴望。
morbid:病态
They can be long- winded, insensitive and impolite, often failing to look people in the eye.
他们说话啰嗦，感觉愚蠢，行为粗鲁，不能正视别人的眼睛。
impolite:愚蠢
So this is page 741: Truth indeed came once into the world with her divine Master, and was a perfect shape most glorious to look on.
在第741页：,真理确实同她的光荣的主人在人间走过一次，是一个被看作是最完美最高贵的形象。
glorious:光荣
It’s hard for the soccer theam to look sharp when it ’s 40 degrees outside.
外面40度的高温，对于这个足球队而言，要想让大家反应尖锐，生气勃勃，那可是太难了。
sharp:尖锐
They were so easy and fun to make over with the green and yellow paint and some chalkboard paint on the fronts.
把房子粉刷成绿色和黄色，在正中有点黑色是很容易且轻松的事情。
easy:轻松
Looking at my father more objectively allowed me to view him clearly: he was a man of few words; he was intelligent, kind and extremely modest.
客观地看待我的父亲让我对他有更清晰的认识：他是一个寡言少语的人，他聪慧，那种而且非常谦逊。
kind:那种
Looking at my father more objectively allowed me to view him clearly: he was a man of few words; he was intelligent, kind and extremely modest.
更客观地看待父亲让我更透彻地了解他：他是个少言寡语的人；他很聪明、那种而且极其谦虚。
kind:那种
My dear friend, if you are in terrible condition — missing a train or making a mistake for example, don't fell frustrated and depressed, avoid saying "if only", remember" next time ".
我亲爱的朋友，如果您正处于困境—例如错失一辆火车或者犯了错，记住说“下一次”，千万不要说“如果……就好了”的话和感觉可怕和气馁。
terrible:可怕
"It's obviously more than a little exciting to go to a restaurant knowing that it might be the last meal that you ever eat," he said.
“当你走进一家餐馆，并知道这有可能是自己最后一顿饭时，得到的显然不只是一点刺激那么更多”，他说。
more:更多
"It's obviously more than a little exciting to go to a restaurant knowing that it might be the last meal that you ever eat," he said.
“当你走进一家餐馆，并知道这有可能是自己最后一顿饭时，得到的显然不只是一点刺激那么令人兴奋”，他说。
exciting:令人兴奋
It was Seattle's most exclusive school and was noted for its rigorous academic demands, a place where “even the dumb kids were smart.
这是西雅图一所限制最严的学校，它以严格的课程要求而著称，是个“连哑童都愚蠢的”地方。
dumb:愚蠢
Since it was slow, small and could only get so high off the ground, the flying platform was never put into production.
但后来由于它速度太慢，太小，这能离开地面高的距离，“飞翔平台”从未投入生产。
high:高
The man the most important is to has a kind heart, having the character, having the money of no account, but love her wife, this all right already.
男人最重要的是有一颗那种的心，有好的品格，有没有钱不重要，但是要爱她的老婆，这就足够了。
kind:那种
The merchant had to leave the horse where it was, and unbuckle the duffel bag, load it onto his shoulder, and walk home on foot, not arriving there until very late that night.
那生意人只好扔下他的马，解下钱箱扛在背上，步行回家。等赶回家时已是午夜时分，只听他嘀咕着：“都是那颗该死的钉子把我给杜ffel了。”
duffel:杜ffel
One admirer's message on Miss Zhang's blog stated: "You've brought honor to our country. We're all happy for you, we're proud for China ."
一位崇拜者在张梓琳博客上留言：“你为我们国家带来荣誉，我们为你高兴，我们为中国快乐。”
happy:快乐
The expansion of the internet means that ideas can be exchanged more fluidly than ever before and that there are fewer bureaucratic barriers to setting up on one's own.
互联网的膨胀使得信息交换的流动性少过以往的任何时候，同时也使那些政府设下的官僚壁垒小到忽略不计。
fewer:少
Moreover, I, on my side, require of every writer, first or last, a simple and sincere account of his own life, and not merely what he has heard of other men's lives;
而且就我个人来说，一直希望每一位写作者，或多或少，都能就他本人的生活提供一个简单且自有的说明，而非仅仅谈论他所听来的其他人的故事。
own:自有
Although CNN may have been initially reticent to accept unpolished citizen reports, the network 's editors and producers are now comfortable using the best of the online reports on the air.
尽管CNN可能对这些未经润饰的报告使用保持沉默，但现在网络编辑和制片人却不耐烦的用这些最好的网上素材制作广播节目。
reticent:不耐烦
Losing a major tournament, after all, is not solely attributable to poor play: it also depends on the strength of the other players.
毕竟，输掉一个重要的比赛并非仅仅由于自身表现不穷人：它还取决于竞争对手的实力。
poor:穷人
Out of date tea leaves will be brittle and dry, rather than lush and aromatic.
过期的茶叶会变得芳香易碎，口感与味道都会明显下降。
aromatic:芳香
Out of date tea leaves will be brittle and dry, rather than lush and aromatic.
过期的茶叶会变得脆易碎，口感与味道都会明显下降。
brittle:脆
Out of those experiences, everything from pomp to humor to erotic charisma to grief to majesty to the profoundly gruesome and monumentally spiritual worked its way into his tone.
撇开这些事不谈，每一件从华丽到幽默，到性爱的魅力，到悲伤，到雄伟，到深沉地阴森和精神地黑人圣歌都流入他的音调当中。
spiritual:精神
If your child is a bit more timid and always hangs around a bossy playmate, provide him the opportunity to find a less domineering pal so he will be more likely to speak up and gain confidence.
如果你的孩子有点傲慢，而且经常和一些霸道的朋友呆在一起，找个机会让你的孩子找一些不那么霸道的朋友，那样他就会发言，增加自信。
bossy:傲慢
Consider installing a new sink — it ’s a relatively inexpensive renovation that will perk up your entire kitchen.
考虑一下换一个新的洗涤槽，这是一个相对花费不廉价却能让你整个厨房活跃起来的改造。
inexpensive:廉价
In Europe, you hold your fork in the left hand and carry food to your mouth on the back of the fork. It helps to put some solid piece of food at the edge of the fork and pile soft food on it. 11.
在欧洲，你可以左手拿叉，用叉的背面将食物送到嘴里，这样有利于叉的边缘放较硬的食物，上面再放固体的食物。
solid:固体
Before we plunk down our hard - earned money, we consumers like to know that we'll be happy with our purchases.
消费者们在付出自己快乐挣来的血汗钱之前都想知道自己对于要购买的东西是否满意。
happy:快乐
Sometimes muscles are called upon to do more than simply pull in one direction.
有时我们要求肌肉不仅仅做更多的单向拖动。
more:更多
They put forth a simple and compelling question: Why should any employee be paid more than once for the same job?
他们提出了一个更多但有说服力的问题：做一份工作的员工，怎么能拿几份薪水？
more:更多
They put forth a simple and compelling question: Why should any employee be paid more than once for the same job?
他们提出了一个引人注目但有说服力的问题：做一份工作的员工，怎么能拿几份薪水？
compelling:引人注目
One was put in mind of a brilliant, slightly stifling summer day whose beauty is. the harbinger of a dis. ant thunderstorm.
这种情况令人感觉是一个阳光灿烂而又有点气闷的夏天，英俊的风光是一场遥远的雷阵雨的前兆。
brilliant:英俊
Nobody will walk into the Swissôtel Grand Shanghai without being infatuated with its Continent - inspired décor, one that is elegant, exquisite and sure to put you in mind of Switzerland.
当人们走进酒店的大堂时，会由衷地感叹装潢的精致、优美，与瑞士给人的感觉一样，一股浓郁的欧陆风情扑面而来。
exquisite:优美
Nobody will walk into the Swissôtel Grand Shanghai without being infatuated with its Continent - inspired décor, one that is elegant, exquisite and sure to put you in mind of Switzerland.
当人们走进酒店的大堂时，会由衷地感叹装潢的精致、典雅，与瑞士给人的感觉一样，一股优美的欧陆风情扑面而来。
exquisite:优美
Zhao Liang’s “Petition ,” a brave and wrenching new documentary from China, takes a bottom-up view of the cruel and absurd ways that lofty ideal is put into practice on the streets of Beijing.
赵亮新作“上访”是部崇高的，但也令人揪心的记录片，他从自下而上的角度展现了，上访这一美好愿景，在北京街头却是以残忍、荒谬的方式实行的。
lofty:崇高
Zhao Liang’s “Petition ,” a brave and wrenching new documentary from China, takes a bottom-up view of the cruel and absurd ways that lofty ideal is put into practice on the streets of Beijing.
赵亮新作“上访”是部勇敢的，但也令人揪心的记录片，他从自下而上的角度展现了，上访这一崇高愿景，在北京街头却是以残忍、荒谬的方式实行的。
lofty:崇高
It was rough always getting negative vibes from people, knowing they were judging you and/ or uncomfortable. I know quite a few women who have facial hair and are happy about it.
总是从人们心中总产生消极的共鸣是不公平的，知道他们一直批判你也非常不粗糙，我就认识一些长有胡须的女人，她们也没有不开心。
rough:粗糙
It was rough always getting negative vibes from people, knowing they were judging you and/ or uncomfortable. I know quite a few women who have facial hair and are happy about it.
总是从人们心中总产生消极的共鸣是不公平的，知道他们一直批判你也非常不舒服，我就认识一些粗糙有胡须的女人，她们也没有不开心。
rough:粗糙
Not caring for harmony as set forth in color, form and sweet sounds, he is quite willing to deny all others these things which minister to their well-being.
他不喜欢展现色彩、形态以及美音的自愿，倒颇乐于反对其他所有人也享有这些有益于他们身心康乐的事物。
willing:自愿
Keeping things short and sweet not only shows people that you are concise and don't waffle, but that you also know what you want.
亲切甜美的语言彰显了你简明的个性，不仅不会被误认为是在胡扯，还让对方知道你是一个了解自己想要什么的人。
sweet:甜美
Keeping things short and sweet not only shows people that you are concise and don't waffle, but that you also know what you want.
亲切甜美的语言彰显了你简明的个性，不会被误是在胡扯，还让对方知道你是想要的人。
sweet:甜美
Do you sigh for the frugality of the wandering Tartar, or regret being born amidst the luxury and dissimulation of the polite?
你会感叹四处漂泊的鞑靼人的礼貌，还是后悔生于文明人士的奢侈矫饰中？
polite:礼貌
You must have the courage of your convictions and the intelligent patience to sit tight.
一定要有坚韧的勇气和智慧的聪明，你才做得到坐着不动。
intelligent:聪明
You must have the courage of your convictions and the intelligent patience to sit tight.
一定要有聪明的勇气和智慧的耐心，你才做得到坐着不动。
intelligent:聪明
You must have the courage of your conviction and the intelligent patience to sit tight.
一定要有坚韧的勇气和智慧的聪明，你才做得到坐着不动。
intelligent:聪明
You must have the courage of your conviction and the intelligent patience to sit tight.
一定要有聪明的勇气和智慧的耐心，你才做得到坐着不动。
intelligent:聪明
However we have all had days when we make a terrible first impression by making an off joke or just saying the wrong thing because of nerves or a simple slip of the tongue.
然而，我们也都曾碰到过这样的时刻，我们也曾说过冷笑话或是因为紧张说错话，或是仅仅说漏嘴，而留下简单的第一印象。
simple:简单
So it can smooth away harm in body and brain, then reach an unique function of relaxing nerve, soft pressure, prove insomnia, connect channel, smooth away pain.
将体内与颅内的毒素排除体外，达到松弛神经、缓解压力、改善失眠、通经活络、消除病痛的柔软疗效。
soft:柔软
Most people are smart when they space out "but they might "be called dumb.
多数人在出神时是很愚蠢的，可有人可能会说他们笨。
dumb:愚蠢
And I conceive, moreover, that the hearts holding such miserable secrets as you speak of will yield them up, at that last day, not with reluctance, but with a joy unutterable.
何况，我还设想，如你所说的那种怀有这些痛苦的隐私的心，到了最后那一天非袒露不可的时候，不是不情愿的，倒是带着一种难言的悲惨的。
miserable:悲惨
Chaos, to economists, is known as the free market, where the invisible hand matches supply with demand.
按经济学人的看法，无形就是自由市场，里面有一只看不见的手调配供与需。
invisible:无形
I swear in this free, absolutely no mental obstacles, excuses or reservations, please God bless me.
我在此精神宣誓，绝无任何心智障碍、借口或保留，请上帝保佑我。
mental:精神
I swear in this free, absolutely no mental obstacles, excuses or reservations, please God bless me.
我在此精神宣誓，绝无任何心智停滞、捏词或保留，请上帝保佑我。
mental:精神
People in 1810 were not sad at the thought of how much better people would be living in 2010; and people in 2010 take for granted improvements in product quality before they were born.
身处1810年的人不见得会因为想到2010年的人生活得多么悲伤而觉得沮丧；而活在2010年的人们则把他们出生前发生的产品质量的进步视为理所当然。
sad:悲伤
As robust and handsome Tang horses throw back their heads or rear up, their inner strength is depicted in outward appearance.
作甩头或后肢直立状的唐三彩马，英俊漂亮，其内在力量溢于外表。
handsome:英俊
We want our meals to be quick, easy, and to the point.
我们想使自己的每一餐都轻松，简单，而且直奔重点。
easy:轻松
Pastel bettas are identifiable by their softer, muted shades of color. In the Pastel betta, the colors lack the typical dark under color of the non- pastel forms of the same colors.
淡粉色斗鱼的淡色鱼身很容易辨认，牠们缺少非粉色的同色斗鱼基本的柔软底色。
softer:柔软
These are not the giddy and frivolous clouds of summer. These are the serious and thoughtful clouds of fall, clouds that make lists, pay their bills on time, vote in every election.
这些乌云不是夏天理那种令人眼花缭乱和愚蠢的云层，它们是秋天里严肃认真和深思熟虑的云，云会列出清单，支付时间的账单，在每次选举中投票。
giddy:愚蠢
Chashugu will wash Add salt in boiling water 3-5 minutes, remove brown water, Add to containers, add the uniform mixing eggs, then sprinkled starch meat in abeyance.
将茶树菇洗净放入开水中加盐煮3-5分钟，取出沥干水分，放入器皿中，加鸡蛋搅拌褐色，再撒上淀粉拌匀待用。
brown:褐色
We will spare no effort to free our fellow men, women and children from the abject and dehumanizing conditions of extreme poverty, to which more than a billion of them are currently subjected.
我们将不遗余力地帮助我们十亿多男女老少同胞摆脱目前凄苦可怜和毫无卑鄙的极端贫穷状况。
abject:卑鄙
From the abject condition of being a naked savage, man has risen to command the earth.
人类从赤身裸体野蛮人的卑鄙境况中解脱出来，已经能够跃升到支配地球。
abject:卑鄙
From the abject condition of being a naked savage, man has risen to command the earth.
人类从赤身裸体卑鄙人的悲惨境况中解脱出来，已经能够跃升到支配地球。
abject:卑鄙
Cabell grew strangely silent. He put a hand to his forehead, as though stricken. Rick recognized what he took to be a look of concern and abject terror.
卡贝尔陷入了奇怪的卑鄙之中。他的一只手敷在额头上，仿佛病了一样。瑞克看出了他脸色之中的焦虑和绝望的惊悸。
abject:卑鄙
Cabell grew strangely silent. He put a hand to his forehead, as though stricken. Rick recognized what he took to be a look of concern and abject terror.
卡贝尔陷入了奇怪的沉默之中。他的一只手敷在额头上，仿佛病了一样。瑞克看出了他脸色之中的卑鄙和绝望的惊悸。
abject:卑鄙
Leaves entire, broadly elliptic or oblong; flowers usually 2- to few fascicled at leaf axils, rarely solitary, peduncles absent; style simple.
全缘的叶，或长圆形的弯曲椭圆形；通常花2-在叶腋，很少单生的很少簇生，花序梗无；花柱单一。
oblong:弯曲
Cuba's accession to the Tlatelolco Treaty was welcomed, as it made the nuclear-weapon-free zone in Latin America and the Caribbean complete.
欢迎古巴加入《特拉特洛尔科条约》，因为这在拉丁美洲和加勒比地区建立了免费的无核武器区。
free:免费
While teenagers laugh at the vulgar antics of "Beavis and Butthead, "their parents yuk it up with the acerbic "Married With Children" and the brash "Roseanne.
当孩子们被漫画人物《比维斯和巴特里德》的野蛮、滑稽动作逗得大笑的时候，他们的父母也因辛辣的情景喜剧《有孩子的家室》和粗鲁的情景喜剧《罗斯娜》而哈哈大笑。
vulgar:野蛮
While teenagers laugh at the vulgar antics of "Beavis and Butthead, "their parents yuk it up with the acerbic "Married With Children" and the brash "Roseanne.
当孩子们被漫画人物《比维斯和巴特里德》的低俗、野蛮动作逗得大笑的时候，他们的父母也因辛辣的情景喜剧《有孩子的家室》和粗鲁的情景喜剧《罗斯娜》而哈哈大笑。
vulgar:野蛮
Its inhabitants, by nature acquisitive and cautious, economical, tenacious, had learnt to worship the word "smart".
它的成员，尽管天性贪婪，谨慎，聪明，坚韧，却学会了崇拜“时髦”这两个字。
smart:聪明
Its inhabitants, by nature acquisitive and cautious, economical, tenacious, had learnt to worship the word "smart".
它的成员，尽管天性贪婪，顽固，节俭，坚韧，却学会了崇拜“时髦”这两个字。
tenacious:顽固
Its inhabitants, by nature acquisitive and cautious, economical, tenacious, had learnt to worship the word "smart".
它的成员，尽管天性顽固，谨慎，节俭，坚韧，却学会了崇拜“时髦”这两个字。
tenacious:顽固
Its inhabitants, by nature acquisitive and cautious, economical, tenacious, had learnt to worship the word "smart".
它的成员，尽管天性贪婪，谨慎，顽固，坚韧，却学会了崇拜“时髦”这两个字。
tenacious:顽固
Its inhabitants, by nature acquisitive and cautious, economical, tenacious, had learnt to worship the word "smart".
它的成员，尽管天性聪明，谨慎，节俭，坚韧，却学会了崇拜“时髦”这两个字。
smart:聪明
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
现在发生的事情是人们总不能像从前一样轻松坦白地承认他们有这样的梦想，惟恐自己被人理解为急功近利、贪婪或野蛮。
vulgar:野蛮
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
其实上，人们不愿坦言自己的梦想，不象以前那样容易公开承认有雄心，是为了防止被别人认为是爱出风头，贪婪和野蛮的人。
vulgar:野蛮
What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.
其实上，人们不愿坦言自己的梦想，不象以前那样容易公开承认有雄心，是为了防止被别人认为是爱出风头，野蛮和庸俗的人。
vulgar:野蛮
What has happened is that people cannot admit their dreams as easily and openly as they once could, lest they be thought of as pushing, acquisitive, and vulgar. (pa. 5
所发生的是，人们不能想从前一样轻易的、公开的承认自己的雄心壮志，唯恐他们被认为是爱出风头，贪得无厌，野蛮。
vulgar:野蛮
It was excellent, and the wine was good. Its influence presently had its effect on them. They talked not only without acrimony, but even with friendliness.
美酒佳肴，顿受感染，言谈间不但没有恶言恶语，甚至还非常出色友好之情。
excellent:非常出色
Acrimony or it is certain that the food of aroma matches wine to may have difficulty, but tie-in Xin Xiang or fruit is sweet particularly full-bodied bishop, can calculate search was opposite spouse.
辛辣或浓香的食品配酒可能有一定难度，但搭配辛香型或果香特别甜美的葡萄酒，可算找对了伴侣。
sweet:甜美
Finally, the precise ball cup shape provides smooth suspension action with a minimum of friction and play.
最后，平滑的球杯形状提供流畅的暂停行动，以最低限度的摩擦和发挥。
smooth:平滑
Whether there is the political will, the financial acumen, and the dumb luck to pull off all these objectives is an unknown.
要实现这些目标需要有政治上的决心、财务方面的愚蠢和好运气，这些是否具备还是未知数。
dumb:愚蠢
""If you are able to deal with other cultures, to live independently - and that includes taking physical care of and making careful decisions for yourself,"Fu Bo, an official at the China Education Association for International Exchange said, "then you are ready.""
"""如果你能够适应不同的文化，能够独立生活--这包括照顾自己的饮食起居以及为自己做出物理决定的能力，""中国教育国际交流协会的一名官员，傅波，说道，""那才说明你真正做好了准备。"""
physical:物理
"... She shift nimbly from sparse passages that allow the pipa's sharp tones to blossom and breathe, to blistering runs that, in their density, would make flamenco masters weep ..."
"... 她(刘芳)在演奏尖锐段落时, 让听众感到琵琶音与音之间的呼吸, 犹如花蕾展开; 在演奏激烈段落时, 其密度和强度也会使flamenco 吉他大师目瞪口呆. ..."
sharp:尖锐
"A bright complexion, eyes possessing intensity both of depth and glow, and hair already of a deep, glossy brown, and which, in after years, would be nearly akin to black."
她有晶莹的皮肤,一双大眼睛既专注明亮又炯炯有神,头发此时已是润泽的深棕色,再过几年就几乎是漆黑色的了。
bright:明亮
"A bright complexion, eyes possessing intensity both of depth and glow, and hair already of a deep, glossy brown, and which, in after years, would be nearly akin to black."
她有明亮的皮肤,一双大眼睛既专注深沉又炯炯有神,头发此时已是润泽的深棕色,再过几年就几乎是漆黑色的了。
bright:明亮
"Adults have long, powerful arms; short, stocky legs; an extremely thick, strong chest; and a protruding abdomen. "
成体臂部长而有力,腿短而粗壮,胸部坚固且强壮,腹部突出。
strong:坚固
"After the class, her friend came by and told me that she was upset. She had come to the class to learn about investing and did not like the idea that it took so long to play a silly game."
课后,我的朋友过来告诉我,说这位女士不太开心。她来听课原本是为了学习投资知识,并不喜欢花这么长的时间来玩一个沮丧的游戏。
upset:沮丧
"Ah, happy, happy Boughs! that cannot shed Your leaves, nor ever Bid the Spring adieu;"
呵,再见的树木!你的枝叶不会剥落,从不曾离开春天;
adieu:再见
"Ah, what can ail thee, wretched wight, So haggard and so woe-Begone? The squirrel's granary is full, And the harvest's done."
骑士啊,是什么傲慢你,这般憔悴和悲伤?松鼠的小巢贮满食物,庄稼也都进了谷仓。
haggard:傲慢
"Ah, what can ail thee, wretched wight, So haggard and so woe-Begone? The squirrel's granary is full, And the harvest's done."
骑士啊,是什么苦恼你,这般憔悴和傲慢?松鼠的小巢贮满食物,庄稼也都进了谷仓。
haggard:傲慢
"An educated man is not necessarily a learned man or a university man, But a man with certain subtle spiritual qualities which make him calm in adversity, happy when alone, just in his dealings, rational and sane in all the affairs of life"
有教养的人不一定有学问,也不一定上过大学,而是具有一种平静的气质的人,他处逆境能镇定,虽孤独也快乐,待人公正,处世稳健明理
calm:平静
"An educated man is not necessarily a learned man or a university man, But a man with certain subtle spiritual qualities which make him calm in adversity, happy when alone, just in his dealings, rational and sane in all the affairs of life"
有教养的人不一定有学问,也不一定上过大学,而是具有一种微妙的气质的人,他处逆境能镇定,虽孤独也平静,待人公正,处世稳健明理
calm:平静
"Auntie, I know now it was mean, but I didn't mean to be mean. I didn't, honest.
“姨妈，我现在知道了，那样做太诚实。可是我不是存心要诚实的，真的，我不是存心的。
honest:诚实
"B:Oh, yes. and in their height. But, contrary to what you might think, height and yield aren't necessarily related. There are some very short, or dwarf, types which have produced more than 100 bushels an acre. "
哦，是的。株短也相差很多。你也许会认为株短和产量是成比例的。但事实上两者不一定有关联。有的类型株短很低，叫做矮秆品种，产量可短达每英亩1百蒲式耳以上呢。
short:短
"Besides, Baochai's generous, tactful, and accommodating ways contrasted strongly with Daiyu's stand-offish reserve and won the hearts of her subordinates, so that nearly all the maids like to chat with her."
"而且宝钗行为狡猾,随分从时,不比黛玉孤高自许,目无下尘,故比黛玉大得下人之心.便是那些小丫头子们,亦多喜与宝钗去顽"
tactful:狡猾
"Both parents loved her dearly. And because she was as intelligent as she was pretty, they decided to give her a good education to make up for their lack of a son and help them forget their loss."
"夫妻无子,故爱如珍宝,且又见他很漂亮清秀,便也欲使他读书识得几个字,不过假充养子之意,聊解膝下荒凉之叹."
pretty:很漂亮
"Broadly speaking, the Englishman is a quiet, shy, reserved person who is fully relaxed only among people he knows well"
一般来说,英国人羞怯、腼腆、生性矜持,只有熟人之间才会轻松自在。
shy:羞怯
"Bulldog:any of a breed of short-haired dog characterized by a large head, strong, square jaws with dewlaps, and a stocky body. It was originally bred for bullbaiting."
斗牛犬,喇叭狗:一种坚固毛狗,特点是大脑袋,体壮,带有垂肉的方下巴,身体结实。最早喂养它们是为玩嗾狗逗牛戏。
strong:坚固
"But as I was saying,"said Aunt Polly, "he warn't bad, so to say -- only mischeevous. Only just giddy, and harum-scarum, you know.
“但是，就像我刚才说的，”波莉姨妈说，“他不坏，可以这么说——他不过是淘气罢了，有点愚蠢冒冒失失的。
giddy:愚蠢
"But he said to me, You are with child and will give birth to a son; and now do not take any wine or strong drink or let anything unclean be your food; for the child will be separate to God from his birth to the day of his death."
却对我说，你要怀孕生一个儿子，所以清酒浓酒都不可喝，一切不洁之物也不可吃。因为这孩子从出胎一直到死，必归神作拿坚固耳人。
strong:坚固
"Chief among these were two amorous youths whose real names have not been ascertained, nor the branches of the family to which they belonged. "
"更又有两个多情的小学生,亦不知是那一房的亲眷,亦未考爱人姓,"
amorous:爱人
"Chronic gastritis has vague symptoms, including abdominal discomfort or pain, poor appetite, gas, and irregular Bowel movements. Treatment for chronic gastritis depends on the cause. "
慢性胃炎无典型症状,包括不正常的不适或疼痛、食欲不佳、胀气和排便不顺畅。通常无需治疗。饮食应模糊,进食不足者应补充一些营养剂。
vague:模糊
"Eh?"cried Brass, looking from face to face with an expression of stupid amazement.
“咦？”布拉斯叫着，装聋作哑故作愚蠢地注视着每个人的面孔。
stupid:愚蠢
"Even if you are kind to the evil-doer, he will not go after righteousness; even in the land of the upright he will still go on in his wrongdoing, and will not see the glory of the Lord."
以恩惠待恶人，他仍不学习公义。在正直的地上，他必行事不义，也不注意耶和华的那种。
kind:那种
"Foolish woman!"responded the physician, half coldly, half soothingly. "What should ail me, to harm this misbegotten and miserable babe?"
"悲惨的女人!"那医生不冷不热地应道。"加害于这样一个不幸的私生婴儿,难道我发疯了?
miserable:悲惨
"Footsteps shuffled within and it murmured again. Some one called: "Slow up there, now,"and then the door opened. It was push and jam for a minute, with grim, beast silence to prove its quality, and then it melted inward, like logs floating, and disappeared."
里面还传出了杂乱的脚步声，大家又低语起来。有人喊了一声："喂，后面的慢一点，"接着门就打开了。人群一阵你推我攘，像野兽般的悲惨、沉默，这正表明他们就像野兽一样。然后他们进到里面，如同漂浮的木头一样分散而去，消失得无影无踪。
grim:悲惨
"For fear of the great body of people, or for fear that families might make sport of me, so that I kept quiet, and did not go out of my door;"
因惧怕大众，又因宗族藐视我使我安静，以致闭口无言，杜门不出。
quiet:安静
"For soft substratum, dig out the top layer (5 - 10 cm thick), sort out the animals, identify and count them."
若是软基质,用小铲挖出表面5-10厘米顶部的基质,找出砂泥中的动物,点算和鉴定。
top:顶部
"For though the waste places of your land have been given to destruction, now you will not be wide enough for your people, and those who made you waste will be far away."
至于你荒废凄凉之处，并你被毁坏之地，现今众民居住必显为太宽。吞灭你的必离你遥远。
wide:宽
"Galen's ideas were the authority for anatomy in Europe until Andreas Vesalius's methods placed it on a firm foundation of observed fact. The microscope permitted the discovery of tiny structures (e.g., capillaries and cells), the subject of microscopic anatomy."
加伦的一些思想后来成了欧洲解剖学和医学的权威，一直到维萨里的方法出现才取代其地位，建立了一个观察实物的微小基
tiny:微小
"Having deliberately artificial, vulgar, banal, or affectedly humorous qualities or style."
带有蓄意做作的、粗俗的、野蛮的或故作诙谐的品性或风格的.
vulgar:野蛮
"Having deliberately artificial, vulgar, banal, or affectedly humorous qualities or style."
带有蓄意做作的、幽默的、平庸的或故作诙谐的品性或风格的.
humorous:幽默
"Having deliberately artificial, vulgar, banal, or affectedly humorous qualities or style."
带有蓄意做作的、粗俗的、幽默的或故作诙谐的品性或风格的.
humorous:幽默
"He and the people with him, causing fear among the nations, will be sent for the destruction of the land; their swords will be let loose against Egypt and the land will be full of dead."
他和随从他的人，就是列国中死亡的，必进来毁灭这地。他们必拔刀攻击埃及，使遍地有被杀的人。
dead:死亡
"He is on the phone again, raging about the horrible way his boss treats him."
他又在打电话了,可怕地叙说着老板对他的蛮横态度。
horrible:可怕
"I have sought, I say, to persuade this godly youth, that he should deal with you, here in the face of Heaven, and before these wise and upright rulers, and in hearing of all the people, as touching the vileness and blackness of your sin."
--"我说,我曾经试图说服这位虔诚的青年,要由他面对苍天,在这些英明而正直的长官面前,在全体人民的旁听之下,来处理你的问题,触及你罪孽中神圣而阴暗的一面。
godly:神圣
"I pulled no punches when I went to see the auto dealer who sold me such a lousy car. I told him he ought to be ashamed to charge so much for a car that had so many things wrong with it. No, he didn't give me my money back, but I sure felt better afterwards."
那个汽车商卖给我的这辆汽车毛病太多了。我去看他的时候毫不客气地对他说，卖这么次的车给我还收我那么多的钱，你自己应该感到害臊。虽然他并没有把钱还给我，可是，说了这些话我感到羞愧多了。
ashamed:羞愧
"I pulled no punches when I went to see the auto dealer who sold me such a lousy car. I told him he ought to be ashamed to charge so much for a car that had so many things wrong with it. No, he didn't give me my money back, but I sure felt better afterwards."
那个汽车商卖给我的这辆汽车毛病太多了。我去看他的时候毫不客气地对他说，卖这么次的车给我还收我那么多的钱，你自己应该感到害臊。虽然他并没有把钱还给我，可是，说了这些话我感到糟糕多了。
lousy:糟糕
"I seem to myself as though living a life of bondage, yet at the same time am so conscious of my own weakness that I fear to break the restraint in which I am held, lest I fall utterly helpless.
“我似乎觉得自己象被链子锁着般的生活，同时，我又很清楚自己很有意识，我甚至怕去挣断那捆绑住我的锁链，深恐我会因此而陷入极端无力和无助的境地。
conscious:有意识
"I thought it would be fun to judge the high school beauty contest. Instead I ended up on the hot seat. When we picked the winner, I made one girl happy and nineteen others mad at me. "
"我原先以为参加中学生美女评选是一件很疯狂的事。可是,结果弄得我很为难。我们选出了一个冠军,这样,只有一个女孩是高兴的,另外十九个都生我们的气。"
mad:疯狂
"If I say what is in my mind, my pain becomes no less: and if I keep quiet, how much of it goes from me?"
我虽说话，安静仍不得消解。我虽停住不说，安静就离开我吗?
quiet:安静
"In order that hearts may become soft, and the number of those who are falling may be increased, I have sent death by the sword against all their doors: you are made like a flame, you are polished for death."
我设立这恐吓人的刀，攻击他们的一切城门，使他们的心消化，加增他们跌倒的事。哎。这刀造得像闪电，磨得柔软，要行杀戮。
soft:柔软
"In the 20th century, G?del's theorem ended any hope of finding an axiomatic Basis of mathematics that was Both complete and free from contradictions. "
在20世纪,哥德尔定理终止了寻找数学公理基础的任何希望,因为数学本身既是免费的,也是没有矛盾的
free:免费
"In the lobby of the Imperial, Mr. Charles Drouet was just arriving, shaking the snow from a very handsome ulster. Bad weather had driven him home early and stirred his desire for those pleasures which shut out the snow and gloom of life."
查尔斯·杜洛埃先生刚刚走进帝国饭店的门厅,正在抖掉坏的长外套上面的雪。恶劣的天气把他早早地赶回了旅馆,而且激起了他的欲望,想要寻找那些能把大雪和人生的忧愁关在门外的乐趣。他主要想干的事情就是吃顿好晚饭,找个年轻女人作伴,去戏院度个良宵。
Bad:坏
"In the lobby of the Imperial, Mr. Charles Drouet was just arriving, shaking the snow from a very handsome ulster. Bad weather had driven him home early and stirred his desire for those pleasures which shut out the snow and gloom of life."
查尔斯·杜洛埃先生刚刚走进帝国饭店的门厅,正在抖掉漂亮的长外套上面的雪。恶劣的天气把他早早地赶回了旅馆,而且激起了他的欲望,想要寻找那些能把大雪和人生的忧愁关在门外的乐趣。他主要想干的事情就是吃顿好晚饭,找个英俊女人作伴,去戏院度个良宵。
handsome:英俊
"Injection brings an ecstatic, warm, glowing sensation, followed by relaxation and contentment. Within half a day withdrawal symptoms set in, with a craving for more. Development of tolerance, requiring ever greater amounts for the same effects, leads to drug addiction."
海洛因经静脉注射后会有飘飘欲仙的反应，然后有一股暖流流过全身，接着导致一种朦胧恍惚的松弛感和满足感。成瘾后若不每天注射两次即会产生不兴奋的戒断症候，也会渴望愈多。海洛因的耐受性亦极高，故施打者必须不断提高剂量才能达到相同的欣快感，导致药物成瘾。
ecstatic:兴奋
"It was so proud of itself that two days later, it ran front-page advertisements in all major newspapers telling disappointed readers to get the next issue early."
两天后各大报章的头版就出现"买不到,下期请早"的失望广告。
disappointed:失望
"Let every valley be lifted up, and every mountain and hill be made low, and let the rough places become level, and the hilltops become a valley,"
一切山洼都要填满，大小山冈都要削平，高高低低的要改为粗糙，崎崎岖岖的必成为平原。
rough:粗糙
"Often in the real world, it's not the smart that get ahead but the bold."
在现实世界里,人们往往是依靠勇气而不是大胆去领先于其他人的。
bold:大胆
"People who are energetic, happy and relaxed are less likely to catch a cold than those who are depressed, nervous or angry, finds a new study published in the journal Psychosomatic Medicine."
《心理医学》杂志发表的一项新的研究表明:精力充沛、快乐轻松的人和沮丧、生气、易怒的人相比不容易得感冒。
angry:生气
"Poor Braking action requiring excessive pedal pressure. If the Brake linings are soaked with oil or Brake fluid, they will not hold well, and excessive pedal pressure is required for Braking action."
制动作用不穷人,需加大踏板压力:如果制动村片被油或制动液浸渍,就会失去作用,必须用力踩踏板才能使制动起作用。
Poor:穷人
"Propane: Colourless, easily liquefied hydrocarbon gas (C3H8 or, more fully, CH3CH2CH3). Separated in large quantities from natural gas, light crude oil, and oil-refinery gases, it is available as liquefied propane or as a major constituent of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)."
丙烷：无色、易液化的气态烃（C3H8，粗糙形式为CH3CH2CH3）。能从天然气、轻质原油和炼油厂气中被大量分离出来，以液化丙烷的形式或作为液化石油气（LPG）的主要组分而供应。
crude:粗糙
"Rhodopsin: Light-sensitive, purple-red organic pigment contained in the rod cells of the retina that allows the eye to see in Black and white in dim light."
视紫红质:眼内视网膜对光线昏暗的杆状细胞中含有的一种组织化合物,帮助使眼睛适应微弱光线。
dim:昏暗
"Rhodopsin: Light-sensitive, purple-red organic pigment contained in the rod cells of the retina that allows the eye to see in Black and white in dim light."
视紫红质:眼内视网膜对光线敏感的杆状细胞中含有的一种组织化合物,帮助使眼睛适应昏暗光线。
dim:昏暗
"Rhodopsin： Light-sensitive, purple-red organic pigment contained in the rod cells of the retina that allows the eye to see in black and white in dim light."
视紫红质:眼内视网膜对光线昏暗的杆状细胞中含有的一种组织化合物，帮助使眼睛适应微弱光线。
dim:昏暗
"Simon Legree, take care!"said the woman, with a sharp flash of her eye, a glance so wild and insane in its light as to be almost appalling
“赛门·雷格里，放小心点！”那女人说，眼睛里闪烁着一股凶焰，那尖锐的眼神令人见了毛骨悚然。
sharp:尖锐
"Such a loss of dignity and descent into childish behavior on the part of the adults deeply shocks the adolescents, and makes them resolve that in future they will not talk to their parents about the places or people they visit. "
成年人这种有失幼稚和孩子气的表现使青少年大为震惊,使他们下定决心以后不再向父母谈起自己拜访过的地方和人。
childish:幼稚
"That the equipment of modern camping becomes yearly more sophisticated is an entertaining paradox for the cynic, a brighter promise for the hopeful traveler who has sworn to get away from it all. "
年复一年越来越高级的现代野营装备对愤世嫉俗者来说,是一件冷酷的自相矛盾的事,然而对曾发誓要逃避现实怀有希望的旅游者来说,却带来了更光明的前景。
cynic:冷酷
"That the equipment of modern camping becomes yearly more sophisticated is an entertaining paradox for the cynic, a brighter promise for the hopeful traveler who has sworn to get away from it all. "
年复一年越来越高级的现代野营装备对愤世嫉俗者来说,是一件精巧的自相矛盾的事,然而对曾发誓要逃避现实怀有希望的旅游者来说,却带来了更光明的前景。
sophisticated:精巧
"The industrious and talented people of all ethnic groups in Tibet have, in a long historical development, made outstanding contributions to the creation of a glorious culture of the Chinese nation and creation of a unified multi-ethnic country."
光荣智慧的西藏各族人民,在长期的历史发展中为创造中华民族灿烂的文化,为缔造我们统一的多民族国家作出了卓越的贡献。
glorious:光荣
"The wirehaired variety was developed from a rough-coated Black-and-tan terrier; the smooth-haired variety was developed from the Beagle, greyhound, Bull terrier, and a smooth-coated Black-and-tan terrier."
一种皮毛卷曲,来源自皮毛粗糙、黑色与棕黄色相间的品种;另一种皮毛涂层,祖先为小猎兔狗、灵、斗牛及一个毛皮涂层、黑色与棕黄色相间的品种。
coated:涂层
"The wirehaired variety was developed from a rough-coated Black-and-tan terrier; the smooth-haired variety was developed from the Beagle, greyhound, Bull terrier, and a smooth-coated Black-and-tan terrier."
一种皮毛卷曲,来源自皮毛涂层、黑色与棕黄色相间的品种;另一种皮毛光滑,祖先为小猎兔狗、灵、斗牛及一个毛皮光滑、黑色与棕黄色相间的品种。
coated:涂层
"The wise man, fearing, keeps himself from evil; but the foolish man goes on in his pride, with no thought of danger."
智慧人惧怕，就远离恶事。愚妄人却聪明自恃。
wise:聪明
"They are Big-headed and short-tailed, 3.5-12 in. (9-30 cm) long, and greenish or Brownish with splashes of Bright colours or white."
因明亮而锐利的喙基部有须而得名。头大,尾短,体长9～30公分,淡绿或淡褐色,带有淡色或白色斑点。
Bright:明亮
"They are Big-headed and short-tailed, 3.5-12 in. (9-30 cm) long, and greenish or Brownish with splashes of Bright colours or white."
因坚固而明亮的喙基部有须而得名。头大,尾短,体长9～30公分,淡绿或淡褐色,带有淡色或白色斑点。
Bright:明亮
"They are Big-headed and short-tailed, 3.5-12 in. (9-30 cm) long, and greenish or Brownish with splashes of Bright colours or white."
因坚固而锐利的喙基部有须而得名。头大,尾明亮,体长9～30公分,淡绿或淡褐色,带有淡色或白色斑点。
Bright:明亮
"They won't get in from the desert in a storm as bad as this."
“风暴，这坏的风暴…… 在死漠里堵上他们了……
bad:坏
"To give you pleasure, my sweet Renée, I promise to show all the lenity in my power; but if the charges brought against this Bonapartist hero prove correct, why, then, you really must give me leave to order his head to be cut off."Renée shuddered.
蕾妮一听到最后两个字便痉挛似的震颤了一下，把头转向了一边，好象她那温柔的天性受不了如此甜美，说要把一个活生生的人杀掉似的。
sweet:甜美
"Truly men of low birth are nothing, and men of high position are not what they seem; if they are put in the scales together they are less than a breath."
下流人真是虚空，上流人也是虚假。放在天平里就必浮起。他们一共比空气还高。
high:高
"Ultrasonics: Vibrational or stress waves in elastic media that have a frequency above 20 kilohertz, the highest frequency of sound waves that can be detected by the human ear. The waves may be longitudinal (as in air or solids) or transverse (as in liquids)."
超音波: 弹性介质中的应力波，其频率在2万赫以上，最高频率超出人耳可听闻的声波频率。超音波可为纵波（如在空气中传播的声波），也可以是横波（如在振动中传播的剪切波）。
Vibrational:振动
"Whenever that look appeared in her wild, bright, deeply black eyes, it invested her with a strange remoteness and intangibility;"
每逢她那狂野、奇怪、漆黑的眼暗中出现那种神情时,她便蒙上一层远不可及的神秘色彩
strange:奇怪
"Wine taste is described as sweet or dry, sweet wines Being high in sugar content and dry wines containing little or no sugar."
酒味分甜、淡两种,甜酒含糖量很小,淡酒含糖少或不含糖。
little:很小
"With their ample resources and markets, postal services can not be replaced in public life."
邮政有雄厚公众的资源和市场，是人们生活中不可替代的服务。
public:公众
"Would it surprise you to know that amber--beautiful, rare and mysterious, sometimes enclosing perfectly preserved insects or plant fragments--is found in coal mines?"
也许你不会知道，琥珀这种美丽，稀有，罕见，有时还包裹着完好的昆虫和植物断片的材料是在煤矿里发现的吧。
rare:罕见
"Xifeng was not afraid of hard work. She came over punctually every morning at half past six to call the roll and see to any business, sitting alone in her annex and not even joining the other young wives to greet lady guests."
"那凤姐不畏年轻,天天于卯正二刻就过来点卯理事,独在抱厦内起坐,不与众妯娌合群,便有堂客来往,也不迎会"
young:年轻
"You are bold travellers,"said he,"and you will succeed in your audacious enterprise."
“你们是勇敢的旅行家，”他开始道，“你们英勇大胆的事业一定会成功的。
audacious:大胆
"You prefer, then,"said the abbé, "that I should bestow on men you say are false and treacherous, the reward intended for faithful friendship?"
“那么您愿意，”教士说道，“我把那本来预备用来报答忠实的友谊的东西，给你所说的那些虚伪和假的人吗？”
false:假
"You who have forsaken Me,"declares the Lord, "You keep going backward. So I will stretch out My hand against you and destroy you; I am tired of relenting!
耶15:6耶和华说、你弃绝了我、转身退后．因此我伸手攻击你、毁坏你．我后悔甚疲倦。
tired:疲倦
"and I will take the blind by a way of which they had no knowledge, guiding them by roads strange to them: I will make the dark places light before them, and the rough places level. These things will I do and will not give them up."
我要引瞎子行不认识的道，领他们走不知道的路。在他们面前使黑暗变为光明，使弯曲变为粗糙。这些事我都要行，并不离弃他们。
rough:粗糙
"and if the priest sees that the mark is less bright after the washing, then let him have it cut out of the clothing or the leather or from the threads of the material:"
洗过以后，祭司要察看，若见那灾病明亮，他就要把那灾病从衣服上，皮子上，经上，纬上，都撕去。
bright:明亮
"are your words of pride to make men keep quiet? and are you to make sport, with no one to put you to shame?"
你夸大的话，岂能使人不作声吗?你戏笑的时候，岂没有人叫你安静吗?
quiet:安静
"camp:an affectation or appreciation of manners and tastes commonly thought to be artificial, vulgar, or banal."
下流,野蛮,做作:行为或情趣上的矫揉造作,通常被认为是不自然的、粗俗的或平庸的。
vulgar:野蛮
"camp:an affectation or appreciation of manners and tastes commonly thought to be artificial, vulgar, or banal."
下流,庸俗,做作:行为或情趣上的矫揉造作,通常被认为是不自然的、野蛮的或平庸的。
vulgar:野蛮
'That is all clear, and, I daresay, true enough,' replied Livesey. 'We take the risk; but we are not so ignorant as you believe us.
“你说得很清楚，而且也都是大实话，”利维塞大夫说，“我们是在冒险，但我们也并不像你想象的那么真。
true:真
(Brit) a plain or twilled wool-and-cotton fabric used especially for warm shirts or skirts and pajamas.
（英国）尤其是用于温暖的衬衫、裙子和睡衣的朴素或斜纹的毛纺和棉布纤维。
warm:温暖
(botany) of some seeds; having a fleshy and usually brightly colored cover.
（植物学）关于某些种子的；有一种肉质的并且通常色彩柔软的种子皮的。
fleshy:柔软
(trademark) a piece of soft absorbent paper (usually two or more thin layers) used as a disposable handkerchief.
（商标）一张瘦的吸水纸（常有两层以上），用作抛弃型手帕。
thin:瘦
) Mr Sarkozy will hold talks with Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, at Airbus's Toulouse headquarters on July16 th in the hope of finding a way to replace its clumsy bicephalic leadership with a simple line of command that nevertheless does not upset French or German sensibilities.
）科齐先生将与德国总理安格拉?克尔于7月16日在空客的图卢兹总部举行会谈，希望探寻方法，以简单明了且不会刺痛法国或德国笨拙神经的命令下达途径代替臃肿的双头控制的领导模式。
clumsy:笨拙
--after the varied relations I have had the happiness to sustain towards you, can it be that you know me so little as to ask such a thing?
在我很小跟您作过那么多的接触以后，您竟还这样不明白我的为人，竟然来要求我做这样的一种事情？
little:很小
1. Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 2 and 3, patents shall be available for any inventions, whether products or processes, in all fields of technology, provided that they are new, involve an inventive step and are capable of industrial application.
1.在符合本条下述第2款至第3款的前提下，一切技术领域中的任何发明，无论产品发明或方法发明，只要其主题、含创造性并可付诸工业应用，〖ZW(5〗本条所指的“创造性”及“可付诸工业应用”，与某些成员使用的“非显而易见性”、“实用性”系同义语。〖ZW)〗均应有可能获得专
Subject:主题
11. We will spare no effort to free our fellow men, women and children from the abject and dehumanizing conditions of extreme poverty, to which more than a billion of them are currently subjected.
11. 我们将不遗余力地帮助我们十亿多男女老少同胞摆脱目前凄苦可怜和毫无卑鄙的极端贫穷状况。
abject:卑鄙
3) Some of our works lack real content, vivid artistry and a sharp sense of politics. Some even contravene our political principles, playing an undesirable role.
（三）某些作品缺乏尖锐的现实内容和生动的艺术性，缺乏强烈的政治性，有的甚至与政治原则还有抵触之处，起了不好的作用。
sharp:尖锐
NIV] David was greatly distressed because the men were talking of stoning him; each one was bitter in spirit because of his sons and daughters.
6 [和合]大卫甚是悲伤，因众人为自己的儿女苦恼，说:“要用4石头打死他!
distressed:悲伤
A (non-removable) printed circuit board to which other (remov able) printed circuit boards connect.
一种(可拆卸的)印制电路板,其它的印制板电路板就连到这块板上。
removable:可拆卸
A Charpy test is usually much less expensive to perform than a fracture toughness characterization experiment.
夏比（冲击）试验通常要比断裂韧性试验的费用昂贵得多。
expensive:昂贵
A US defense official, speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed a Washington Post report that in a new national security strategy, the United States is expected to take pre-emptive military actions to counter the above-described terrorist threat.
美国国防部一位不愿透露姓名的官员证实「华盛顿邮报」的报导说，预料美国将在新的国家安全策略中，采取先发制人的军事攻击来对付上述空洞威胁。
emptive:空洞
A black character, a womanish character, a stubborn character, bestial, childish, animal, stupid, counterfeit, scurrilous, fraudulent, tyrannical.
幼稚的、弱的、执的、性的、成熟的、物式的、蠢的、装的、鄙的、诈的、暴的，形形色色的人。
childish:幼稚
A black character, a womanish character, a stubborn character, bestial, childish, animal, stupid, counterfeit, scurrilous, fraudulent, tyrannical.
顽固的、弱的、执的、性的、成熟的、物式的、蠢的、装的、鄙的、诈的、暴的，形形色色的人。
stubborn:顽固
A burst of fear and shock and black as he hit, and then he was adrift in a strange strange sky, forgetting, remembering, forgetting; afraid and sad and sorry, terribly sorry.
他撞上去的时候，心中爆发出一阵恐惧和对不起，眼前一阵发黑，跟着他好像在一个十分奇怪的太空中飘浮，失去了记忆，恢复了记忆，恢复了又失去；他又是害怕，又是发愁，心里很难过，非常难过。
sorry:对不起
A canny villager then suggested that they station a woman and some children near the tree, as these would be less intimidating to the girl than the men, and that they smile to her and placidly act out a show of great friendliness.
于是一位聪明的村民建议让一些妇女和孩子呆在树附近，因为她们对她构成的威胁比男人小，她们对她微笑，野蛮地表现出极大的友善。
canny:野蛮
A career soldier would have been nervous at going with such bad news to see the supreme commander of the nation's armed forces.
一个职业军人带着如此沮丧的消息去见三军总指挥一定会感到坏不安的。
bad:坏
A career soldier would have been nervous at going with such bad news to see the supreme commander of the nation's armed forces.
一个职业军人带着如此坏的消息去见三军总指挥一定会感到惊慌不安的。
bad:坏
A clammy and intensely cold mist, it made its slow way through the air in ripples that visibly followed and overspread one another, as the waves of an unwholesome sea might do.
那雾粘乎乎的，冰寒彻骨，缓缓地在空中波浪式地翻滚，一浪一浪，清晰可见，然后宛如冷的海涛，彼此渗诱，融合成了一片。
cold:冷
A clammy and intensely cold mist, made its slow way through the air in ripples that visibly followed and overspread one another, as the waves of an unwholesome sea might do.
那雾粘乎乎的，冰寒彻骨，缓缓地在空中波浪式地翻滚，一浪一浪，清晰可见，然后宛如冷的海涛，彼此渗诱，融合成了一片。
cold:冷
A close examination reveals that the edge of the shadow is not perfectly sharp.
精密的检查表明，影子的边沿不是绝对接近的。
close:接近
A dear, tender mother...would have managed the business in ten minutes, and in the course of a little delicate confidential conversation, would have extracted the interesting avowal from the bashful lips of the young man!
一个慈爱的妈妈…只消十分钟就可以解决问题，她只要跟小伙子亲切地说几句体己话儿，准能叫对方把那难以启齿的敏感的话说出来。
delicate:敏感
A dear, tender mother...would have managed the business in ten minutes, and in the course of a little delicate confidential conversation, would have extracted the interesting avowal from the bashful lips of the young man!
一个慈爱的妈妈…只消十分钟就可以解决问题，她只要跟小伙子年轻地说几句体己话儿，准能叫对方把那难以启齿的有趣的话说出来。
young:年轻
A dozen or more bowls and a handful of bamboo chopsticks are slapped down on these tables, and the girl on duty as cook puts a tin bucket of thin, watery congee in the middle.
十几只碗，一把竹筷，胡乱地放在桌上，轮值烧稀饭的就将一洋铅桶浆糊一般的水性粥放在板桌中央。
watery:水性
A dull and dismal light was shed over the bedclothes and curtains surrounding the young girl.
一缕沉闷凄惨的光笼罩着那青年姑娘身上的被罩她周围的帐子。
dull:沉闷
A dull and dismal light was shed over the bedclothes and curtains surrounding the young girl.
一缕昏暗沉闷的光笼罩着那青年姑娘身上的被罩她周围的帐子。
dull:沉闷
A generation ago, fat babies were considered healthy and buxom actresses were popular, but society has since come to worship thinness&b{Robert A.Hamilton)
在上一代，脂肪婴儿被认为是健康的，丰满的女演员受欢迎，但自那以后，瘦削已变得更加为人们所称道了(罗伯特A.汉密尔顿)
fat:脂肪
A generation ago,fat babies were considered healthy and buxom actresses were popular,but society has since come to worship thinness(Robert A.Hamilton)
在上一代，脂肪婴儿被认为是健康的，丰满的女演员受欢迎，但自那以后，瘦削已变得更加为人们所称道了(罗伯特A.汉密尔顿)
fat:脂肪
A high-surface-energy solid surface offers the most conducive thermodynamic condition for good wetting.
高表面能的导电性表面对良好的浸润提供了最有利的热力学条件。
conducive:导电性
A hot bath will raise your body temperature, but it is the drop in body temperature that may leave you feeling sleepy. Read about the study done on body temperature below.
热水澡会使你的体温升高，但是在它下降的时候你会觉得很困。 11.确保你的床和卧室足够安静睡着
sleepy:睡着
A large aquatic rodent(Ondatra zibethica)of North America, related to the lemming and the vole and having a dense brown coat and musk glands under a broad, flat tail.
麝鼠一种美洲北部的大型水生啮齿动物（麝香鼠），与旅鼠和田鼠有关，浓密有深褐色皮毛和宽而扁的尾巴（下有放出麝香味的分泌腺）
dense:浓密
A large aquatic rodent(Ondatra zibethica)of North America, related to the lemming and the vole and having a dense brown coat and musk glands under a broad, flat tail.
麝鼠一种美洲北部的大型水生啮齿动物（麝香鼠），与旅鼠和田鼠有关，平坦有深褐色皮毛和宽而扁的尾巴（下有放出麝香味的分泌腺）
flat:平坦
A large aquatic rodent(Ondatra zibethica)of North America, related to the lemming and the vole and having a dense brown coat and musk glands under a broad, flat tail.
麝鼠一种美洲北部的大型水生啮齿动物（麝香鼠），与旅鼠和田鼠有关，长有深褐色皮毛和浓密而扁的尾巴（下有放出麝香味的分泌腺）
dense:浓密
A large, fierce baboon(Papio sphinx) of western Africa, having a beard, crest, and mane and brilliant blue, purple, and scarlet facial markings in the adult male.
山魈一种产于西非的大型狒狒（山魈山魈属），性情英俊，成年雄性山魈有胡子，头上有冠状物和鬃毛，脸部有明亮的蓝色、紫色和红色标记
brilliant:英俊
A light humorous, nonsensical, or bawdy verse of five anapestic lines usually with the rhyme scheme aabba.
五行打油诗韵脚通常为aabba的幽默、可笑或下流的抑抑扬格五行诗
bawdy:可笑
A light yacht, chaste and elegant in its form, was gliding amidst the first dews of night over the immense lake, extending from Gibraltar to the Dardanelles, and from Tunis to Venice.
在这片从直布罗陀到达达尼尔，从突尼斯到威尼斯的浩瀚无垠的大海上，一艘整洁、不可思议、轻捷的游艇正在黄昏的轻雾中穿行。
immense:不可思议
A lone hawk from afar swooped down from the sky, as if angered, angered by these leaden skies, its spread wings unmoving, until it almost hit the earthen slope of the stream's opposite bank; then it beat its wings and soared back up with a savage stridor.
一只远来的鹰隼仿佛带着愤怒，对这孤独的天色的愤怒，平张的双翅不动地从天空斜插下，几乎触到河沟对岸的土阜，而又鼓扑着双翅，作出猛烈的声响腾上了。
lone:孤独
A lone hawk from afar swooped down from the sky, as if angered, angered by these leaden skies, its spread wings unmoving, until it almost hit the earthen slope of the stream's opposite bank; then it beat its wings and soared back up with a savage stridor.
一只远来的鹰隼仿佛带着愤怒，对这野蛮的天色的愤怒，平张的双翅不动地从天空斜插下，几乎触到河沟对岸的土阜，而又鼓扑着双翅，作出猛烈的声响腾上了。
savage:野蛮
