The molecules emit the infrared light that they have absorbed ultraviolet radiation from the star or have been heated by the wind from the star.
氢分子发出红外线的原因是它们吸收了恒星发出的紫外线，或者是受到了恒星喷发的炽被加热气体流的加被加热。
been heated:被加热
Then, gradually, application functionality can be abstracted into services, which are managed via dependency injection and which reside in a proper service layer.
然后，程序功能就会渐渐的抽象为服务，它是通过依赖注射来被管理的，并位于合适的服务层中。
are managed:被管理
In another exercise, police practice clearing demonstrators blocking a stadium access road. National Police Chief Bheki Cele is overseeing the exercise. He is asked if his forces are ready.
在另一项运动，警察阻止示威者的做法结算体育场的道路。国家警察总长的话说：策勒负责监督这项工作。他被问到他的部队已经准备就绪。
is asked:被问到
In the accrual method of accounting, income is reported in the period it is earned.
使用权责发生制核算法，收入应于发生当期予以被报告，不管款项是否已经收到。
is reported:被报告
The catalytic activity of iodine in the esterification reaction was studied by synthesis cyclohexyl acetate from acetic anhydride, cyclohexano and acetic acid, cyclohexano.
以单质碘为催化剂，通过乙酸酐、环己醇及乙酸、环己醇为原料合成乙酸环己酯，对碘的催化活性进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
In the following, all of these these activity kinds are divided into groups.
在下面的内容中，所有的这些活动类型都被分开为多个群。
are divided:被分开
The moment that sensors detect a hairline crack anywhere in the aircraft, microscopic nano- capsules containing a high-tech adhesive would be released to seal the fissure.
当传感器检测到飞机在任何时候的一个裂痕时，包含高科技粘合剂的微观纳米胶囊将被释放粘合裂痕。
be released:被释放
By means of the share platform for meteorological scientific research data, the product of the aero - detection cloud physics dataset was applied within a certain region.
借助于“气象科研数据共享平台”，“飞机探测云物理数据集”产品已在一定范围内得到广泛被应用。
was applied:被应用
Results After rehabilitation care, the health behaviors were greatly improved (P < 0.01), and self- management abilities were raised (P < 0.01).
结果照顾后患者的健康行为明显改善（P<0.01），自我管理能力提被提升（P<0.01）。
were raised:被提升
Methods: 406 people of 2 districts of Beijing were selected as sample, to observe the side -effect after taking the FS oral bivalent live vaccine capsule of dysentery.
方法：被选中择北京市朝阳、丰台两个区，抽取406人进行全程口服痢疾双价活疫苗FS胶囊，观察服药后的副作用。
were selected:被选中
Yes, he had no engagement at all for to -morrow; and her invitation was accepted with alacrity.
能来，他明天没有约会；于是他爽爽快快地被接受了她的邀请。
was accepted:被接受
The strongest risk factors for developing asthma are inhaled substances and particles that may provoke allergic reactions or irritate the airways.
罹患哮喘的最大风险因素是被吸入可能导致过敏反应或刺激呼吸道的物质和颗粒。
are inhaled:被吸入
With a base of recessed lighting, lamps and other lighting can be selected for ambiance and décor and not necessarily for the light they produce.
有了那些带基座的凹式灯，使得人们可以被选定择台灯和其他照明设备随意组合来制造各种灯光氛围。
be selected:被选定
Amid the tumult of regime change, the rebels would selectively borrow tools from the West, but their borrowing would be refracted through their own beliefs.
在政权更迭的高潮中，反叛者可能会有选择性地借用西方的工具，但这种借用会通过他们的信仰而被阻挡出来。
be refracted:被阻挡
One reason for this is that the choice of anchor is dependent on the figure being used by the nodes at each end.
这样假定的一个原因是，锚的选择取决于各端上的节点正在被使用的图形。
being used:被使用
There are 18 counties in North-West Region of Sicbuan possessing the ecological factors that are necessary to the Angora goat and could be selected for the introduction.
四川西北部有理县等18个县属于干旱区或半干旱区，具有安哥拉山羊所要求的生态条件，可供引种时被选定用。
be selected:被选定
Humans anywhere in the world are likely to avoid behaviors that would get them beheaded or thrown into jail, and they will develop patterns of behavior and thought that will be advantageous for them.
人类在世界上的任何地方都可能躲避那些有可能将他们送进监狱甚至是断被砍头台的行为，随之他们会发展出一套有利于他们的行为和思想。
beheaded:被砍头
Accounts of the ceremony vary, but they consistently say the new ruler was covered with gold dust, and that gold and precious jewels were thrown into the lake to appease a god that lived underwater.
人们对这个仪式的描述多种多样，但他们都一致道出新统治者全身被覆盖金粉，并且还向湖内扔黄金和贵重珠宝以平息住在水下的神灵。
was covered:被覆盖
The fourth ASBO, for the broker, contained an additional string field -- Valid, which was mentioned above.
第四个ASBO（为代理所用的）包含一个附加字符串字段——Valid，在上文中被提及过。
was mentioned:被提及
His famously asinine question about wives and servants was asked rhetorically and with utter sincerity.
他用他著名的愚蠢关于妻子和仆人关系的被问到题执意修辞学和真心诚意。
was asked:被问到
He will go on suing until automobile companies around the world are stopped from manufacturing his wiper, and he can make it himself.
他将继续起诉，直到全世界的汽车公司都被停止生产他的雨刷，然后他将自己生产它们。
are stopped:被停止
The limit for an SQL Azure database has been raised from 10GB to 50GB, allowing customers to store mode data when needed.
对SQLAzure数据库的限制已经从10GB提被提议到50GB，这让客户可以在需要的时候存储模态数据。
been raised:被提议
The attention of government was turned away from guarding against the exportation of gold and silver, to watch over the balance of trade.
政府的注意力，从对金银输出的监视被转动到对贸易差额的监视。
was turned:被转动
The AA and others demand that the autumn increase in petrol duty should be postponed and millions of bank holiday motorists are told that Gordon Brown “feels your hurt ”.
美国航空公司（AA？ 不知道是什么缩写，译者）和其他公司要求被推迟原计划于秋季增加的汽油税，并且，数以百万计的假日自驾旅行者告诉戈登·布朗（英国现任首相，译者注）他们“很受伤”。
be postponed:被推迟
All rooms except for the bathroom were decorated with various kinds of wood (ash, beech, walnut, Karelian birch, chestnut, etc.).
除了浴室外，所有的房间有各种木材（梣木、山毛榉木、胡桃木、克若利安桦木、栗木等）被装饰而成。
were decorated:被装饰
For most of human history, honey was gathered from wild hives. Beekeeping began only
人类历史上多数时期，蜂蜜都是从野蜂蜂巢被搜集得到的。
was gathered:被搜集
In 2002, "Shanghai Biennial" with the themes of "City Decoration and Construction" was held in Shanghai, I was invited to the seminars.
2002年，上海举办“上海双年展”，主题是“都市营造”，被邀请了我去参加他们的研讨会。
was invited:被邀请
The transverse deformation of the billet was divided into four areas.
研究发现坯料的横向变形被分开为四个的区域。
was divided:被分开
The effects of physical factors, such as heat, light and oxygen, on the stability of blackcurrant pigment were studied by spectrum analysis of the pigment.
通过对黑加仑色素可见光谱的分析，被研究了热、光、氧等物理因素对黑加仑色素稳定性的影响。
were studied:被研究
The experimental animals were divided into pseudo surgery group, model group, Qi supplementing group, blood activating group and Qi supplementing & Blood activating group.
实验动物随机被分开为假手术组、模型组、益气组、活血组、益气活血组。
were divided:被分开
In order to investigate the influence of sport walking on estrogen and blood lipid content, 40 postmenopausal women were divided into exercise group and control group.
为探讨健走运动对绝经后妇女雌激素水平和血脂代谢的影响，将40名绝经后妇女随机被分开为运动组和对照组。
were divided:被分开
Absrtact: In order to investigate the in fluence of sport walking on estrogen and blood lipid content, 40 postmenopausal women were divided into exercise group and control group.
摘要：为探讨健走运动对绝经后妇女雌激素水平和血脂代谢的影响 ， 将40名绝经后妇女随机被分开为运动组和对照组。
were divided:被分开
Only the jawbone (which remains away from public view), the skull fragment and the bloodstained sofa segments were preserved in the deep archives of Soviet intelligence.
只有那块颚骨（公众一直没有见过）、头盖骨碎片以及那张还带有血迹的沙发，则作为苏维埃情报部门的机密档案被保存了下来。
were preserved:被保存
Toxic metals like lead can accumulate in our bones over the course of our lives and, if bone loss occurs, the toxins can be released into the bloodstream.
在我们的生活中，像重金属铅都是沉积在我们的骨骼中，一旦发生骨质流失，这种毒素被释放到血液中去。
be released:被释放
Every blooming flower is as same as a full set of sail, under which is carried a cabin with sharp bottom.
每一朵盛开的花像是一个张满了的小小的帆，帆下被带走着尖底的舱。
is carried:被带走
Yvo de Boer, the executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and boss of the conference, wept, and had to be helped off - stage.
《联合国气候变化框架公约》的执行秘书和本次会议的主持伊夫·德·波尔哭了，在别人的被帮助下才离开了讲台。
be helped:被帮助
So, it was a very popular book in the U.S., but it did have this history of being banned in Europe, and it was certainly controversial here.
因此，尽管现在这是一本广受欢迎的书，但它历史上确乎,在欧洲遭遇过被禁止，并且在美国也是非常有争议的。
being banned:被禁止
Western companies choosing a brand name in China now rely on consultants and linguistic analyses to ensure that consumers are attracted rather than amused or even repelled.
在中国，外资企业的中国品牌命名借助于顾问公司及语言学分析，趋势已经从娱乐性过渡到被吸引顾客，以免受到抵制。
are attracted:被吸引
Selection pages are often composed of one or more selection components that let the user select criteria by which a data set is viewed by constrained list components.
选择页面通常由一个或多个允许用户选择条件的选择组件构成。受限列表组件根据这些条件查被浏览数据集。
is viewed:被浏览
Release information will be moved into each request, so that anyone who submits a request must fill in the release label there (see Figure 8).
您需要将发布信息被移动到每一个请求之中，这样提交请求的人就必须填充发布标签了（参见图8）。
be moved:被移动
Calendar managers can now mark messages for follow up in mail files that they manage and are prompted to specify where forwarded mail is saved.
日历管理器现在可以标记消息，以便在它们管理的并被提示指定保存转发邮件位置的邮件文件中进行跟踪。
are prompted:被提示
Well in reply to those people ， there has been a lot of research into what happens to someone’s feelings ’when they are asked to wear just one color of clothes.
好吧，为了回答这些人的疑被问到，科学家做了许多实验，测试当人们只能穿一种颜色的衣服时情绪会有什么变化。
are asked:被问到
In the twinkling of an eye the seas shall rise up, and the arena of the winds shall be opened once again.
在闪耀的眼睛里，海洋会升起，风的竞技场会再一次打被打开。
be opened:被打开
The central feature of many villages was the church — imposing edifices of brick and stone that were used as shelters in time of danger.
许多村庄的中心建筑就是教堂——这些庄严的砖石结构建筑在危险时刻可以当做避难所被使用。
were used:被使用
The building is divided into three aisles of equal length by six slim columns of rose stone only. It thus gives the impression of one sole large hall.
整个建筑仅由六根细的玫瑰石圆柱将其被分开成三个等长的空间，给人一个独立大厅的感觉。
is divided:被分开
While involved in work that suits us, we are immersed in the activity and lose all track of time.
当我们专心地做适合自己的工作时，就会废寝忘食地被淹没了在某项活动中。
are immersed:被淹没了
Charlier is an archaeologist and forensic pathologist at the University of Paris; the face in his hands may as well be contorted in a grimace.
查理尔是巴黎大学的考古学家和法医病理学家；现在在他手中的这块骨头形状被扭曲就好像在做鬼脸。
be contorted:被扭曲
And, the valuable data they get from consumer behavior can more readily be put to good use once users actions are able to be tracked in a consistent manner.
而且一旦用户的行为能够以一种更为连贯的方式加以被跟踪，那么他们得到的有关消费者行为的宝贵数据便可以得到更好的利用。
be tracked:被跟踪
Judges, rather than juries, decided cases; all judges were appointed by and were responsible to the JY.
在台湾，由法官而不是由陪审团决定案件的审判；所有法官由司法院被任命并且对司法院负责。
were appointed:被任命
For demonstration purposes, the transfer operation is modified to roll back the transaction whenever the transfer amount is an even number.
出于演示的目的，我们将转帐操作被修改为每当转帐金额是偶数时就回滚事务。
is modified:被修改
The server option can be set in two different ways, depending on whether the capability is to be enabled only for a particular application or for all federated applications that access that source.
该服务器选项可以使用两种不同的方式进行设置，这取决于该功能是仅为特定应用程序还是为所有访问这个数据源的联邦应用程序被启用。
be enabled:被启用
The same call for people to stay off the streets was made by Mousavi yesterday, but tens if not hundreds of thousands joined a seemingly spontaneous protest which had been banned by the regime.
穆萨维昨天作出了同样的呼吁，要求人民不要上街。不然会上几十万人上街集会，不过还是有几万人参加了自发的、已经遭到政府被禁止的抗议活动。
been banned:被禁止
This paper presents an investigation on the condition of drill pipe wash out occurred in 2004 in one oil field, and statistic analysis on the different type of drill pipe wash out were carried out.
对某油田2004年钻杆刺穿情况进行了调查研究，得到钻杆内加厚过渡被带走部位刺穿是钻杆刺穿失效的主要形式。
were carried:被带走
Methods After culture solution acidification, acetic acid was extracted by acetone and ether, and detected by gas chromatography.
方法培养液酸化后，用丙酮和乙醚被提取乙酸，气相色谱进行检测。
was extracted:被提取
As a transcription factor, heat shock transcription factor 1(HSF1) is activated during stress and subsequently trans-activate its downstream factors.
热休克因子1（HSF1）是一种转录因子，在正常时不被激活，应激时被激活而具有反式激活能力。
is activated:被激活
The following adduce a few example, do an analysis, hope to them study standard is helped somewhat.
以下举出几个事例，并做分析，希望对他们学习标准有所被帮助。
is helped:被帮助
"B: Provinces and autonomous regions are divided into autonomous prefectures, counties, autonomous counties and cities. Under the county level are the townships, nationality townships and towns."
B:省和自治区划被分开为自治州、县、自治县、市。县和自治县下划被分开为乡，民族乡和镇。
are divided:被分开
"Niello: Black metallic alloy of sulfur with silver, copper, or lead, used to fill designs that have been engraved on the surface of a metal object, usually of silver."
黑金镶嵌: 银、铜或铅的硫化黑色合金,用来镶嵌金属(通常是银)表面被雕刻的图案。
been engraved:被雕刻
"Then the men of ai, looking back, saw the smoke of the town going up to heaven, and were unable to go this way or that: and the people who had gone in flight to the waste land were turned back on those who were coming after them."
艾城的人回头一看，不料，城中烟气冲天，他们就无力向左向右逃跑。那往旷野逃跑的百姓便被转动身攻击追赶他们的人。
were turned:被转动
"There are a great many moving metal parts in the engine. These parts must be protected by lubricating oil so that there will be no actual metal-to-metal contact. The moving parts, in effect, float on films of oil."
发动机中有大量的运动的金属零件。要被保护这些零件就必须进行润滑,这样可以避免金属零件之间的直接接触。实际上,在运动零件的表面总是覆盖着一层油膜。
be protected:被保护
"With Stratoscope II, the overall height from the telescope to the top of the launch balloon is 666 feet, the balloons together weigh over two tons, and another two tons of ballast are carried for later release if height has be maintained during the night. "
在同温层观察仪2号上，望远镜到发射气球顶部的总高度为660英尺，气球总重量超过2吨，另外还被带到有2吨压舱物，以便于夜间保持高度时抛掉。
are carried:被带到
(3) Counties and autonomous counties are divided into townships, nationality townships and towns.
（三）县、自治县被分开为乡、民族乡、镇。
are divided:被分开
A few other games of mental activity are played outdoors--"Stone School"on the front steps of a house, for instance, with each child advancing up a grade (i. e., a step) as he guesses which of "teacher's"hands holds a stone.
另有一些智力游戏是在户外进行的，如在屋前台阶上被播放的“石头学校”。谁一旦猜到石头在“老师”的哪只手中，谁就可以跨上一个台阶。
are played:被播放
A surveying technique in which a region is divided into a series of triangular elements based on a line of known length so that accurate measurements of distances and directions may be made by the application of trigonometry.
三角测量法一种测量技术，通过将某一地区被分开成许多三角形，这些三角形是以一条已知长度的线为底，由此可通过使用平面直角三角形计算工具精确地测量距离和方向
is divided:被分开
Abstract: With the1–2# Qijifang demolition blasting of Datang Anyang power as sample, the method of air deck blasting in building demolition was applied on the basis of analyzing the principle of air deck blasting.
摘要：以大唐安阳电厂1–#机房拆除爆破为例，分析了空气间隔装药爆破作用原理，尝试了在楼房拆除中被应用空气间隔装药爆破的方法。
was applied:被应用
After the persona hypothesis has been formulated and an interview plan has been derived from it, you are ready to interview—assuming you get access to interviewees!
在构造了人物角色假设，并且从中推被导出访谈计划之后，你将开始访谈了——假定你能接触到访谈对象！
been derived:被导出
Aimed at the requirement of antagonism simulation, the design of the intelligent antagonism target was divided into two parts: decision simulation and aircraft simulation.
针对目前对抗性空战仿真的需要,将对抗性智能空战目标机被分开解为目标机决策仿真和目标机实体仿真两部被分开进行设计。
was divided:被分开
Any remaining assets are divided among the shareholders in proportion to the number of shares owned.
其余资产再按股东的持股比例进行被分开配。
are divided:被分开
As a consequence of the results of the aforementioned analyses, patients referring pain located at the right epigastrium were selected and further evaluated.
基于前述分析之结果，病患称右上腹部疼痛的，我们会加以筛被选中，再进一步评估。
were selected:被选中
As for the so-called love of humanity, there has been no such all-inclusive love since humanity was divided into classes.
至于所谓“人类之爱”，自从人类被分开化成为阶级以后，就没有过这种统一的爱。
was divided:被分开
Because Abandon Changes involves significant data loss, the user should be protected with clear warning signs.
因为这种功能会可能造成数据大量丢失，因此应该用清晰的警报标志被保护用户。
be protected:被保护
By and large, Egypt's bureaucratic despotism served the needs of the country well.But when it passed away practically nothing was inherited by later civilizations.
总的说来，埃及的官僚专制体制虽然适应了当时的需要，但在它消亡之后，实际上并未为后来的文明所被继承。
was inherited:被继承
China was represented at the negotiations on the CTBT from beginning to end, and signed it on September 24, 1996, the first day the treaty was opened for signature.
中国自始至终参加了《全面禁止核试验条约》的谈判，并于1996年9月24日条约被打开放签署当日签署了该条约。
was opened:被打开
EMFRIG N oils are selected mineral oils by solvent processing and finishing, to give the light color, low pour point, low carbon residue, low floc point and good oxidation stability.
EMFRIG N是以精被选中矿物油经溶剂提纯与精炼而成，具有浅色、低残碳、低絮凝点与优异的抗氧化性。
are selected:被选中
Even in those second-generation substitutes, the hemoglobin molecules will not be protected by a red blood cell membrane.
即使在第二代血液替代品中，血红蛋白分子也没有血红细胞膜来被保护。
be protected:被保护
Experiments have shown that a changes of colour occur when normal amber is heated up.
实验也证明普通琥珀受被加热时颜色会发生改变。
is heated:被加热
First, the solid ice on the surface could have been annealed, meaning that its temperature could have been raised above the78 Kelvin mark to allow the amorphous ice to recrystallize.
首先，表面的固体冰曾经退火过，也就是说其温度曾升被提议至78K以上使无定型冰重新结晶。
been raised:被提议
Focused on the non-linear control of magnetic powder clutch equipped in power split automatic transmission during vehicle starting, fuzzy control technology was applied to define initial field current and its change slop of magnetic powder clutch.
针对车辆起步过程中,功率分流式自动变速器中磁粉离合器控制过程的非线性性,被应用模糊控制技术,确定车辆在起步过程中磁粉离合器的励磁电流初始值及电流变化率。
was applied:被应用
Following his retirement from active Air Force duty, with the rank of full General, Smith was selected as a Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center for International Scholars at the Smithsonian Institution and subsequently served as the President of the Institute for Defense Analyses.
在他从美国空军上将的军衔退休下来后，史密斯被选中择了作为史密森学会的伍德罗·威尔逊国际学者中心的伙伴，在后来他又在美国国防部研究所担任所长之职务。
was selected:被选中
Further examination of the Code of Hammurabi reveals that ancient society was divided into three classes -- the Aristocracy, the ordinary people, and slaves.
对《汉谟拉比法典》进行了进一步的研究后，揭示出古代的社会被分开为三个阶级－－贵族，普通人和奴隶。
was divided:被分开
Hedge funds are attracted by arbitrage opportunities so it is not surprising that many are now trying to close the gap between public and private valuations.
对冲基金受到套利机会的被吸引，难怪许多对冲基金试图缩小公开市场估价与私人股本估价的差距。
are attracted:被吸引
I am confident that as long as we continue to go down the road for development suited to our national conditions, China will continue to make significant progress in its economic and social development, and the level of human rights enjoyed by the Chinese people will be raised even further.
我相信，只要我们继续沿着符合中国国情的发展道路走下去，中国经济和社会的发展就会继续取得重大进展，中国人民享有的人权水平将会有更大的提被提升。
be raised:被提升
I bore down hard on the fact my shop boss was Servo trained and held my breath for fear I'd be asked how many men I had.
我强调我的工场管理人在塞尔伏受过训练的事实，可是我又紧张得恐怕有人被问我到底有多少工人。
be asked:被问
Although G8 financial authorities broadly agree that a panic sell-off of hedge-fund positions could trigger a general crisis, they are divided over how best to forestall such a disaster.
虽然8国集团金融当局原则上同意对冲基金如果发生恐慌性抛售，但是财长们在如何避免灾难上存在被分开歧。
are divided:被分开
As a kind of cement retarder, normal setting time and good effect for mechanical properties and soundness of cement can got when adding desulfurization gypsum in cement, so it can used instead of natural gypsum to produce cement entirely, coal gangue is activated and coal ash desulfurized have good active, can improve cement output and also can depress consumption when them used as mixed material, have well economic and environmental effects.
脱硫石膏作水泥缓凝剂时，水泥的安定性、凝结时间正常，可改善水泥的力学性能，完全可替代天然石膏；被激活后的煤矸石和脱硫煤灰具有较好的活性，用作水泥混合材可增加水泥产量、降低生产成本，具有良好的经济和环境效益。
is activated:被激活
According to Tessa Hill, a geologist at the University of California, Davis, more methane is released into the atmosphere from ocean deposits during periods of warming than previously thought.
根据加州大学的研究，在全球变暖期间，海洋中储存中的甲烷气体的被释放量比以前想像的更多。
is released:被释放
Abstract: Liveness and safeness are important behavioral properties of nets (systems).Many powerful results have been derived for some subclasses of Place/Transition nets (systems).The aim of this paper is to draw a general perspective of the liveness and safeness for a subclass with Extended Free Choice net-like underlying graph but allowing weights:Weighted Extended Free Choice nets (WEFC nets).First,a brief and intuitive proof of liveness equivalent condition for WEFC nets is given.Then,for safe nets,a sufficient and necessary condition is presented.
文摘:活性与安全性是网系统重要的行为性质.对于位置/变迁网系统的一些子类，人们已为之被导出许多有意义的结果.该文贡献在于为一种称为加权扩充自由选择网的网系统子类找到活性与安全性的一般性质.文章先给出其活性等价条件的简要与直观的证明,随后,对于这一类安全的子系统又给出活性的充分必要条件.
been derived:被导出
And Elijah took his mantle， and wrapped it together， and smote the waters， and they were divided hither and thither， so that they two went over on dry ground.
以利亚将自己的外衣卷起来，用以打水，水就左右被分开开，二人走乾地而过。
were divided:被分开
And Elijah took his mantle, and wrapped it together, and smote the waters, and they were divided hither and thither, so that they two went over on dry ground.
王下以利亚将自己的外衣卷起来、用以打水、水就左右被分开开、二人走乾地而过。
were divided:被分开
And at once his mouth was opened and his tongue loosed, and he began to speak in praise of God.
路撒迦利亚的口立时被打开了、舌头也舒展了、就说出话来、称颂神。
was opened:被打开
According to the relationship between different sensitive degree of monitoring displacement and quantity of monitoring information, the sensitive zones of displacement to the fluctuation of reservoir water level are divided into different degrees the approach of fuzzy pattern recognition.
根据位移的变化对库水变化敏感程度的不同与监测信息量获取大小的关系，采用模糊模式识别方法对三峡库区水库型滑坡位移场变化对水库水位变化的敏感程度进行数值被分开区。
are divided:被分开
Although Chen leads a minority government, and the DPP is divided among itself over some issues and has a fondness for pacifistic peace, love and tie-dye rhetoric, he represents a native islander strain that no longer looks at the world in relationship to mainland China.
尽管陈水扁领导的是由少数派组成的政府，而且民进党也因为自身内部问题而被分开裂以及其略显夸张的坚持“和平、博爱、团结”的口号，但是他的成功却代表了台湾岛民不再想与中国大陆有瓜葛的意愿。
is divided:被分开
At least five foreigners have been kidnapped in Iraq this month -- including two Kenyan communications engineers and an American journalist.
1月至少有五名外国人在伊拉克遭到被绑架，包括两名肯尼亚通讯工程师和一名美国记者。
been kidnapped:被绑架
All the animals who had been ill and old are restored to health and vigor; those who were hurt or maimed are made whole and strong again, just as we remember them in our dreams of days and times gone by.
如同我们随着时光飞逝、在梦中所能想到的一样，所有曾经经历病痛和衰老的动物都被恢复了健康和体力，那些受伤或残疾的动物则重新健全和强壮。
are restored:被恢复
All the animals who had been ill and old are restored to health and vigor, those who were hurt or maimed are made whole and strong again, just as we remember them in our dreams of days and times gone by.
在那儿，所有以前患病及年老的动物全都重新被恢复健康和青春活力，所有以前身体受伤及残缺的全都回复健全的身体，他们回复到像我们梦境中记起的模样。
are restored:被恢复
All the animals who had been ill and old are restored to health ando vigor; those who were hurt or maimed are made whole and strong again, just as we remenber them in our dreams of days and times gone by.
在那儿，所有以前患病及年老的动物全都重新被恢复健康和青春活力，所有以前身体的伤痛及残缺都重新被恢复健全，就像我们梦中记起的模样。
are restored:被恢复
According to the life cycle theory, the development of industrial cluster is divided into four stages: formation, growth, maturation and decline.
摘要根据生命周期理论，产业集群的发展被分开为四个阶段：形成期、成长期、成熟期和衰退期。
is divided:被分开
Any random mutation in an intron that proved beneficial to the host organism would have been retained natural selection.
插入子内任何偶然的突变，只要对宿主有利，就会在天择的筛选下被保留。
been retained:被保留
Article 2Where a civil airport is opened to traffic without obtaining an airport operating licence in violation of the provisions of Article 6of this Law, the competent civil aviation authority under the State Council shall order it to stop its opening to traffic, confiscate its unlawful earnings, and may impose a fine of not exceeding 100% of the unlawful earnings.
第二百一十条违反本法第六十二条的规定，未取得机场使用许可证被打开放使用民用机场的，由国务院民用航空主管部门责令停止被打开放使用；没收违法所得，可以并处违法所得一倍以下的罚款。
is opened:被打开
Abstract: On the basis of summing up the enforcment and popularity of agricultural overall design, the cybernetics and control method of agricultural system， were studied and applied in practice.
文摘:在总结农业总体设计实施与推广的基础上，对农业系统控制理论与控制方法进行了被研究，并在实践中进行了应用。图4，表1。
were studied:被研究
According to the theory of plate tectonics and polycyclic opening-closing tectonics, Beishan area is divided into three first-order tectonic units, eight second-order tectonic units and twenty-six third-order tectonic units.
笔者结合区内的地质实际，拟定出一、二、三级构造单元划被分开和命名的一般原则；运用板块构造观点和多旋回开合构造理论，将本区共划被分开出3个一级构造单元，8个二级构造单元和26个三级构造单元；阐述了各构造单元主要地质特征。
is divided:被分开
And there is something very wrong indeed when people begin to see politics as a game that is played “them” rather than “us”.
人们正在将政治视作由“他者”而非“自身”被播放弄的游戏，而这就大错特错了。
is played:被播放
A Japanese CW unit in the Battle of Shanghai.The photo demonstrates that poison gas was used Japanese forces even early in the war.
日军化学兵在上海市区战斗中。这张照片证明日军在战争一开始就被使用了化学武器。
was used:被使用
A company which is merged or divided shall apply for registration within 9days from the date of making the resolution or decision of merger or division, and should submit the merger agreement and resolution or decision of merger of division, the certificates of the company's public notices of the merger or division carried in a newspaper at least three times and the illustration of paying deor of deassurance.
公司被合并、分立的，应当自被合并、分立决议或者决定作出之日起90日后申请登记，提交被合并协议和被合并、分立决议或者决定以及公司在报纸上登载公司被合并、分立公告至少三次的证明和债务清偿或者债务担保情况的说明。
is merged:被合并
Article A sole proprietorship enterprise shall hire workers in accordance with the law. The lawful rights and interests of its workers are protected law.
第六条个人独资企业应当依法招用职工。职工的合法权益受法律被保护。
are protected:被保护
According to the results from calculation theory equation, the Beijing city is divided into four zones based on radon geological potential.
理论计算结果表明，北京市区氡的地质潜势被分开为四个不同的区，不同潜势区中室内氡浓度水平发生相应变化。
is divided:被分开
A fuel economy model was set up for the engine and on its basis the matching strategy for continuously variable transmission with the engine was studied and the relationship between engine goal rpm and vehicle speed was determined.
摘要建立了发动机燃油经济性模型，并在此基础上被研究了发动机与无级变速传动系统的匹配策略，确定了发动机的目标转速与车速的关系。
was studied:被研究
According to the technical requirement of biological filter media market, several porous materials (inorganic or organic) are selected as biological filter media in sewage disposal.
摘要根据目前国内生物填料市场的技术需求，被选中取几种多孔材料（无机或有机，块状或纤维状），作为污水处理生物填料。
are selected:被选中
Abstract: In all kinds of materials, the existence of a stress singularity was studied widely engineers.
文摘:在各种材料中，出现的应力奇异性已为工程技术人员的科学被研究提供了丰富的素材。
was studied:被研究
Article 13. Supervisory personnel perform official duties according to law and are protected law.
第十三条监察人员依法执行职务，受法律被保护。
are protected:被保护
Abstract: According to the Chinese Soil Taxonomic Classification(Revised Proposal, 1995)and our data and information for classification of Linze zone in the Hexi corridor, the authors propose a taxonomic classification of soils of Linze zone in the Hexi corridor, in which all the soils are divided into soil orders(Anthrosols, Aridisols, Gleysols and Cambisols), soil suborders, soil groups and 8 soil subgroups.
文摘:根据《中国土壤系统被分开类(修订方案)》(1995)，对河西走廊临泽样区土壤进行了系统被分开类研究，提出了临泽样区土壤系统被分开类方案：将土壤被分开为4个土纲(人为土、干旱土、潜育土和雏形土)，4个亚纲，5个土类和8个亚类。
are divided:被分开
Article 1Vocational school education is divided into three levels, namely, elementary, secondary and tertiary.
第十三条职业学校教育被分开为初等、中等、高等职业学校教育。
is divided:被分开
As the temperature of a liquid is raised its vapor pressure increases very rapidly.
液体蒸汽压随着其温度的升被提高而十分迅速的增加。
is raised:被提高
Astronomers used to detect them indirect methods, such as picking up a small wobble in the position of the star that indicated it was being pulled very slightly towards an orbiting planet.
天文学家过去常用间接方法探测这类物体，如在恒星周围某一点，探测到一丝“抖动”，这表明围绕恒星运转的行星正将其轻轻被拉动走。
being pulled:被拉动
A substance, such as stone, sand, salt, or coal, that is extracted or obtained from the ground or
矿物一种物质，如石头、沙子、盐或煤，从土地或水中被提取或获得，用于经济运行中
is extracted:被提取
A high church official, ranking just below the pope, who has been appointed a pope to membership
红衣主教一种高级宗教官员，级别仅低于教皇，由教皇被任命为红衣主教团的成员
been appointed:被任命
A town of north-central Connecticut east of Hartford. It was settled in1672. Population, 49,761
曼彻斯特镇美国康涅狄格州中北部的一座城镇，位于哈特福德东面。1672年始有人被定住，人口49，761
was settled:被定住
After the review and analysis of a large quantity of literature and comparison of the many composting systems, the Forced Aeration Static Pile Composting system was selected and according to the Chinese situation.
作者在研究分析大量文献的基础上，根据我国国情，对几种堆肥技术系统进行了详细的分析、比较，被选中择强制通风静态垛堆肥系统作为畜禽粪便堆肥化处理的突破口。
was selected:被选中
After two rounds of Sau 3A linker adaptor mediated PCR, the second round PCR products from the microdissected chromosome were cloned into plasmid vector to generate a chromosome specific microclone library, which included approximately 2000recombinant clones.
根尖细胞中期分裂相中显微分离出一条染色体 ,经Sau3A人工接头介导的两轮PCR后 ,将其第二轮扩增产物被克隆到质粒载体上 ,构建了单染色体质粒文库。经分析 ,该微被克隆文库包含约 0个重组子。
were cloned:被克隆
According to the production of the guest elevator timing alternating current of a Wuhan enterprise, which has existed work bottleneck in product technique process preparation and urgent time, the technique process preparation system of guest elevator timing alternating current was studied to solve the problem after negotiation with the enterprise.
针对武汉某企业交调(交流调速)客梯生产中存在着产品技术工艺准备工作量大，时间紧这一生产经营工作的瓶颈，经与该企业协商，决定进行交调客梯技术工艺准备系统的被研究与开发，以解决交调客梯技术工艺准备工作的快速进行问题。
was studied:被研究
A composite of bioactive glass_ceramic coating having high adhesive strength, penetration resistance of tissue fluid, better chemical stability and biocompatibility was made on the surface of titanium alloy sintering method. Composition, microstructure and property of the coating were studied respectively XRD, TG-DTA, FT-IR, SEM and so on.
采用涂烧法在钛合金表面制备出结合强度高，化学稳定性好，防组织液渗透和生物相容性良好的复合生物玻璃陶瓷涂层．用XRD，FT－IR等方法被研究了涂层的组成、结构和性能．结果表明：底釉由玻璃相、FAP和榍石晶相组成；
were studied:被研究
A varying coefficient, nonlinear dynamic cascade model has been derived in this paper, thus, in fact, is the extension of a simple linear dynamic cascade model, obtained through process mechanism studies on a Purex process occurring in a sixteen stage extractor with a countercurrent of first recycling.
本文以Purex流程一个16级第一循环逆流萃取设备为对象,通过萃取过程机理分析,在建立了一种简单线性级联动态机理模型的基础上推被导出一种变系数非线性级联动态机理模型.
been derived:被导出
In CAH,total bilateral adrenalectomy with replant the adrenalgland tissue were carried out in cases. The other 1cases received the operation of subcutane- ous transposition of pedicled adrenal gland.
CAH中行双侧肾上腺切除术加肾上腺自体组织种植6例,行被带走蒂肾上腺背部皮下移位术治疗11例；
were carried:被带走
In the middle of last century, a French was nominated to draft the Ethiopia Civil Code with the French Civil Code as the original version.
上世纪中叶 ,为变法自强 ,埃塞俄比亚以《法国民法典》为蓝本 ,被提名法国人为起草人 ,制定了自己的民法典。
was nominated:被提名
It is very important in automatic and intelligent traffic management. Nowadays the VDM being used has a lot of shortcomings such as lacking of versatile functions, being unable to display colorful characters, still using low-speed serial COM interface co communicate with computers, having little character storage space and no real-time date-time displaying function, being hard to synchronic with video signals, etc.
数字视频混合器广泛应用于高速公路、治安卡口、十字路口等交通管理领域,对于自动化和智能管理有着重要的作用,现在普遍被使用的数字视频混合器存在功能单一、无法显示彩色字符、采用低速的串行通信接口、字库容量小、没有时间日期显示、字符显示和视频信号无法同步等问题。
being used:被使用
In this paper, the structure of PCS which contain the structure of polymer chain, average molecular weight, molecular weight distribution snd the structure of non-crystalline was studied in detail means of ACC, IR, NMR, LLS, VPO, GPC, WAXS, RDF.
本文针对本室合成的PCS,应用光散射(LS)、凝胶色谱(GPC)、原子吸收光谱(ACC)、红外光谱(IR)、核磁共振波谱(NMR)、广角X射线散射(WAXS)和径向分布函数(RDF)分析测试手段,从PCS的高分子链近程结构,远程结构中的分子量以及分子量分布和非晶态短程有序结构方面进行分析,对PCS的结构有了一个系统全面的被研究。
was studied:被研究
In this paper, the behavior of connection between steel beam and concrete wall with embedded section steel were studied pseudo-static test and numerical modelling.
本文以内埋型钢混凝土墙与钢梁连接节点为被研究对象，完成了八个足尺节点试件(其中三个为刚性连接节点试件，五个为高强螺栓连接节点试件)的低周往复加载试验，同时对节点试件进行了单调加载情况下的数值模拟。
were studied:被研究
If P is a matrix of rank rand both A and B are square matrix,f_A(λ) is divided f_B(λ).
设P为秩为r的矩阵,而A,B皆为方阵,它们的特征多项式被分开别为fA(λ)和fB(λ),若满足AP=PB,则有fB(λ)满足fA(λ)。
is divided:被分开
In marketing theory localization insufficient undergraduate contact marketing practice less, and limited teaching school characteristics, the paper proposed that marketing is divided into five modules, the theories and practice of combining classes and, through a variety of teaching methods to enhance skills, improve marketing students to understand the theory and enhance students career skills.
针对市场营销理论本土化不够、本科生接触市场营销实践较少以及教学学时有限等特点,本文提出将市场营销学划被分开为五个模块,理论课与实践课相结合,通过多种教学方法增强技能训练,提高学生对营销理论的理解,增强学生的职业技术水平。
is divided:被分开
In this paper based on density control model of massoniana plantation established dynamic programming, Genetic Algorithm was applied to select optimal decision in determining thinning age, optimal density and cutting age during stand management, which was on the basis of the density effect model, took the stand density as objective function and maximal present net worth (PNW) as standard.
在动态规划方法建立的马尾松人工林密度控制模型的基础上 ,以密度二次效应模型为基础、林分立木密度为目标函数 ,提出以净现值最大为标准 ,被应用遗传算法优化马尾松人工林经营过程的间伐时间及其保留密度和主伐时间的最优组合方案。
was applied:被应用
Islet cells were purified with COBE-29cell purification machine and then cultured in vitro for 48 hours.
COBE-2991细胞被净化机被净化胰岛细胞后;
were purified:被净化
In order to developing lithium and potassium resources in the salt lake brine,the metastable equilibrium of Li+、K+//SO42——H2O at 273K was studied isothermal evaporation method.
为了开发利用盐湖卤水中的锂、钾资源,采用等温蒸发法被研究了三元体系Li+、K+//SO42--H2O 27K时的介稳相平衡,测定了该体系的溶解度和液相密度,根据溶解度数据绘制了相图。
was studied:被研究
If federal funds were lowered beyond a certain point, the dollar would come under renewed pressure and long-term bonds would actually go up in yield.
如果联邦基金利率降至某一特定点位以被降低了，美元将再度面临压力，而长期（美国）国债的收益率则必将上升。
were lowered:被降低了
In order to investigate the changes and clinical implication of serum tumor necrosis factor α (TNF α) and soluble interleukin receptor(sIL 2R) in seriously multiple injury patients, cases of seriously multiple injury were selected to measure the serum TNF α and sIL 2R levels using enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) technique 2h, d,7 d and 1to 1d after trauma.
为观察血清肿瘤坏死因子 (TNF- α)、可溶性白介素 - 2受体 (s IL- R)在严重多发伤患者中的变化和临床意义 ,随机被选中择 7例严重多发伤 (ISS≥ )患者 ,采用酶标法于伤后 4h内、 3d、 7d和 13～ 1d检测血清 TNF- α、s IL-R水平。
were selected:被选中
In this paper,the error of the estimated DCPA was analvsed and calculated,and was alsoproved in the radar simulator.
对利用转向不变线估算DCPA的误差进行了被分析和计算，并在模拟器上进行了验证。
was analvsed:被分析
In order to assess the status of oriental white stork populations and their breeding strategy, breeding biology was studied from 200to 200in Wangjiang County, Anqing City, Anhui Province(116°51.15′-116°49.47′E, 30°19.53′-30°19.79′N).
为了了解该种在当地的繁殖对策和种群现状,2004-2006年在安庆市望江县武昌湖地区(116°51.15′-116°49.47′E,30°19.53′-30°19.79′N)对东方白鹳的繁殖生物学进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
In this model, Global Part Information is built, designing and manufacturing process of parts is divided into some Application Domains. Features Mapping transfers information in Application Domains.
模型首先建立全局零件信息，将零件信息按照不同类别组织成不具有应用意图的信息模型，将钣金零件的设计制造过程按照实际应用的不同被分开为多个应用领域，通过映射实现从全局零件信息到应用领域的信息转换。
is divided:被分开
First, suppose the mixture is heated to the temperature T 1.
首先，假定将混合物加被加热到温度T1。
is heated:被加热
The right of individuals or collectives to undertake operation by contract shall be protected by law.
个人或者集体的承包经营权，受法律被保护。
be protected:被保护
He is now a full member and will be protected by the organisation.
他现在已是一名正式成员了，将受到组织的被保护。
be protected:被保护
Methods 66 patients with advanced cancer were divided into two groups: chemotherapy alone and chemotheraoy plus MPA.
方法66例晚期癌症患者随机被分开为化疗+甲孕酮组及单用化疗组。
were divided:被分开
Using the wavelet analysis method, the roundness is extracted from measurement signal after errors separation process.
研究了采用小波变换原理对传感器组采集信号局部特征进行分析和被提取的方法。
is extracted:被提取
The flotation electrochemistry of the galena - lime - diethyldithiocarbamate system was studied by theory of potential adjustment flotation.
运用电化学电位调控浮选理论，对方铅矿 - 石灰 - 乙硫氮体系进行被研究。
was studied:被研究
He works for a big company which was managed by multinational companies.
他在一家大型公司工作，该公司由跨国公司被管理。
was managed:被管理
Methods: 27 cases were chosed to treat by power - condylus Bolt.
方法: 被选中取股骨髁间骨折患者27例，以动力髁螺钉固定治疗。
were chosed:被选中
Electronic computers being used, the complicted problem was solved quickly and accurately.
由于使用了计算机，复杂问题迅速而精确地得到了被解决了决。
was solved:被解决了
When we tell our word processor to print a document, it doesn’t tell us when the paper supply is low, or when 40 other documents are queued up before us, or when another nearby printer is free.
当我们告诉文字处理器打印一份文档时，它不会告诉我们打印纸不够了。也不会告诉我们前面有40份文档在被排队等待打印，或附近另一台打印机空闲，而一个乐于助人的人会告诉我们这些。
are queued:被排队
The effects of L - NNA on sleep and MAP were reversed by preinjection of L - arg.
预先给予L -arg 可被逆转转L-NNA的效应。
were reversed:被逆转
The design parameters should be selected according to rules, and sufficient safety margin should be left.
该设计参数应按规定被选定取且必须要留有足够的安全裕量。
be selected:被选定
The US'dilemma is that individual habits are protected by the constitutional law.
美国的难题是私人习惯是受宪法所被保护的。
are protected:被保护
The pressure oxidative leaching of copper slag with high iron and silicon content was studied systematically.
对火法炼铅产高硅高铁含铜渣进行了氧压硫酸浸出过程被研究。
was studied:被研究
In this project, gas - liquid - solid slurry reactor was studied by experimental measurement, theoretical modeling and numerical simulation.
本项目采用实验测量、理论建模和数值模拟相结合的方法对浆态床反应器进行被研究。
was studied:被研究
Ball - beam system is divided into the mechanical parts and control part of the two major components.
球杆系统被分开为机械部被分开和控制部被分开两大组成部被分开。
is divided:被分开
A control of germinating terminal of brown rice was studied through controlling the enzyme activity.
采用控制酶活性的方法，对发芽糙米终点的控制进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
The results were as following: the kidney of African ostrich is divided into cortex and medulla.
结果表明: 非洲鸵鸟的肾脏被分开为皮质和髓质，髓质与皮质相连，部被分开髓质孤立被分开布。
is divided:被分开
Pass effort of a few years, search people the product is accepted for user place widely.
通过几年的努力，找们的产品广泛地为用户所被接受。
is accepted:被接受
Resistance furnace by means of suspanded glass are divided into vertical and horizontal roller suspanded.
电阻炉按玻璃的悬挂方法被分开为笔直悬挂式和程量辊道式。
are divided:被分开
Under the glass block, light is refracted on passing through the glass.
在玻璃棒下面，光穿过玻璃后发生被折断。
is refracted:被折断
Yes, studies have shown that men are attracted to women with high estrogen levels as well.
的确如此，研究显示，高含雌激素的女人同样也被吸引着男人。
are attracted:被吸引
This file is opened read - only. The Cross - Functional solution cannot be run.
该文件是以只读方式打被打开的. 跨职能解决方案无法执行。
is opened:被打开
During the year, 57806 patients were served and 729053 home visits were made.
年内，社康护理员为57806名病人提供被派往，并进行了729053次家访。
were served:被派往
With all the representatives still not there, the meeting was postponed for several day.
鉴于不是全体代表都在那里，会议被推迟几天举行。
was postponed:被推迟
The professor was helped by his assistant in carrying out the experiment.
教授在做这个实验的时候，得到了助研的被帮助。
was helped:被帮助
Still, many of these women can be helped by sex therapy.
尽管如此，许多这样的女性仍然可以从性治疗师那里得到被帮助。
be helped:被帮助
Among the issues are forced marriage, sexual abuse, poverty and a lack of education.
这些问题中包括被强迫婚姻、性施虐及缺乏教育。
are forced:被强迫
Methods: 30 Kunming mice were divided into three groups: control, low dose and high dose group.
方法: 昆明种小鼠随机被分开为三组: 对照组、低剂量组、高剂量组。
were divided:被分开
Methods 73 cases of DAI are divided into groups, analysised and compared by statistics.
方法73例DAI病人随机被分开成常规治疗组及高渗盐水组，并用统计学方法对疗效进行比较。
are divided:被分开
The hardware design is divided into two aspects: data acquisition and humidity control.
硬件设计主要被分开为数据采集和温湿度控制两大部被分开。
is divided:被分开
He thinks that the rot set in when the country was opened up to tourists.
他认为自从国家向旅游者被打开放之时起，腐败就被打开始了。
was opened:被打开
This story is expanded in The Truce of Bakura Sourcebook by Kathy Tyers and Eric S.
这个故事在KathyTyers和EricS.Trautmann合著的《巴库拉停战资料书》中得到了被扩展。
is expanded:被扩展
In the Quartet reality is refracted through a variety of eyes (Elizabeth Kastor)
在这个四重奏中，现实通过许多人的眼睛的被折断而改变 (伊丽莎白卡斯托)
is refracted:被折断
Esterification reaction of ricinoleic acid with normal butanol was studied using NaHSO 4· H 2 O as catalyst.
H2O作催化剂，对蓖麻酸与正丁醇酯化反应进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
KBE technology was applied in roller design and a knowledge-based roller design system tube was established.
将KBE技术 被应用于轧辊设计中，建立了基于知识的轧辊设计系统的框架体系。
was applied:被应用
The filling process, microstructure and mechanical properties of A 357 alloy was studied by low pressure casting.
采用低压铸造方法对A357合金的充型过程以及铸件微观组织和力学性能进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
Methods: 30 rats were divided into three groups randomly: LI, KI and KIO 3 guoup.
方法: 将低碘wistar大鼠30只随机被分开为3组.低碘组(LI)，碘化钾组(KI)，碘酸钾组(KIO3)。
were divided:被分开
The plane was hijacked by two armed men on a flight from London to Rome.
飞机在从伦敦飞往罗马途中遭到两名持械男子被劫持。
was hijacked:被劫持
The grease material is selected from stearine acid, glycol tristearate and mountain-elm glyceride.
该脂质材料被选中自硬脂酸、三硬脂酸甘油酯和山榆酸甘油酯。
is selected:被选中
Objective The gene expression was studied to investigate the molecular mechanism of heat acclimation.
目的从基因表达角度被研究热适应的分子机制。
was studied:被研究
Seven months later, On August 15,1914, the canal was opened to the commerce of the world.
七个月以后，1914年8月15日，该运河向世界商业被打开放。
was opened:被打开
In this paper, the complete mixing activated sludge kinetic model theory was applied to AFB reactor.
本文将完全混合活性污泥动力学理论被应用于AFB反应器。
was applied:被应用
The steam is carried through pipes to steam turbines which drive the electric generators.
蒸汽经过输送管进入汽轮机，汽轮机再被带走动发电机。
is carried:被带走
When iodine crystals are heated to 114℃, theymelt, forming liquid iodine.
碘晶体加被加热到114℃就融化了，从而形成液态碘。
are heated:被加热
Methods: Proteins of C . albicans were extracted step-by-step with 4 kinds of solutions with different solubilities.
方法: 利用四种溶解能力不同的溶液 分步 被提取白念珠菌总蛋白。
were extracted:被提取
Many people die at twenty-five and aren't buried until they are seventy-five .
许多人在二十五岁时便心死，但却在 七十五 岁时才不被埋葬。
aren't buried:不被埋葬
Methods Grey model (1,1) was applied and residual was amel iorated.
方法 被应用GM (1，1) 模型对中山试点血吸虫病患病率建模并进行残差修正，进行3年预测。
was applied:被应用
In most countries the selection a landfill site is governed by rules and regulations.
在大多数国家，landfill地址的选择是有规章和规则被管理的。
is governed:被管理
The intake of gasoline was stopped by a clogged fuel line.
汽油的注入由于管道阻塞而被停止了了。
was stopped:被停止了
Additionally, the heating plate is coated with heat-resistant and anti — corrosion coatings.
另外，加热板表面涂有耐高温防腐蚀的被涂层。
is coated:被涂层
Methods: The antimicrobial drugs were selected and used by determining pathogen.
方法: 通过对病原的检测与估计、抗菌药物的被选中择与应用的阐述。
were selected:被选中
The underlying assets (UAs) are managed either by insurance companies themselves or independent fund managers.
相关资产由保险公司或独立基金公司被管理。
are managed:被管理
Insects are attracted to flowers by their colour, scent and nectar.
昆虫为花的色彩、香气和花蜜所被吸引。
are attracted:被吸引
The law-enforcement level of the court and procuratorate has been raised remarkably.
法院和检察院的执法水平又有明显提被提议。
been raised:被提议
Moreover, the lead times for the production of all parts were shortened tremendously.
此外，交货期生产的所有部分都大大被缩短。
were shortened:被缩短
Research shows that the brain is divided into left hemisphere and right hemisphere.
科学研究证明，大脑被分开为左半球和右半球。
is divided:被分开
According to goal spot-check, 196 nurses were asked questions and answers.
采用目标抽样法，对深圳市宝安区各医院的196位体检科护士进行被问到卷调查。
were asked:被问到
Abstact: The production process of carrot strawberry complex pulp drink were studied in the paper.
对胡萝卜—草莓复合果肉饮料生产工艺进行了被研究，重点解决了产品配方及悬浮稳定性等问题。
were studied:被研究
Oil is traded in dollars. And dollars have been flowing into gulf economies like Abu Dhabi.
石油使用美元被交易的. 美元都流入了象AbuDhabi这样的海湾经济体。
is traded:被交易
Methods: Thirty _ two Leghorn chicks were divided into the control and thre e treate d groups (8 each group).
方法: 32只来亨鸡随机被分开为对照组和3个实验组 (每组8只)。
were divided:被分开
The patients were divided into two groups ac-cording to benignancy or malignancy of the underlyingdiseases.
病人按疾病的良、恶性被分开为两组。
were divided:被分开
In this work, the ultrafast dynamics in semiconductor was studied using femtosecond laser technique.
本文应用飞秒激光技术对发生在半导体材料中的超快动力学过程进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
Both genes were cloned into GFP expression vector pIRES 2 EGFP and transfected into HeLa cells.
将上述基因被克隆入绿色荧光蛋白(GFP)表达载体pIRES2-EGFP中，转染人HeLa细胞，在荧光显微镜和电镜下观察转染细胞的形态和结构。
were cloned:被克隆
Methods: 33 post-thoracotomy patients were divided into DCA, PCEA and PCIA groups.
方法: 将开胸术后病人33例随机平均被分开入DCA组、PCEA组、PCIA组。
were divided:被分开
Oil is traded in dollars, so a less valuable dollar buys less oil.
石油用美元被交易，所以贬值的美元购买更少的石油。
is traded:被交易
This file was recorded in an unrecognized format. Cannot play file.
该文件的被记录下来格式不可识别. 不能播放。
was recorded:被记录下来
Definition 2: Given two vector spaces, if, then V 1 is called a subspace of v 2.
易见，任何维向量组生成的向量空间都被称作子空间。
is called:被称作
Articles for daily use containing inflammable substance may be carried in limited quantity.
对含有易燃物质的生活用品实行限量携被带走。
be carried:被带走
Methods: VATS was used as means of exploration and treatment in 42 patients with thoracic emergency.
方法42例胸外科急诊被使用VATS行胸腔内探查与治疗。
was used:被使用
In 1940 s, Tendency of affirmation and animadversion to male was deepened in Ding Lings works.
在1940年代，丁玲的作品中对男性表现出肯定与批判的双向被加深化的倾向。
was deepened:被加深
The extract and properties of linoleate isomerase in Lactobacillus bulgaricus was studied in this paper.
对保加利亚乳杆菌中的亚油酸异构酶的提取和性质进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
The assay methods of lipase activity were studied in this paper.
对检测脂肪酶活力的实验方法迸行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
Accorded to the knowledge of surfactants, the emulsifiers were selected and mixed Hydrophile-Lipophile-Balance (HLB) value.
根据表面活性剂知识，采用 HLB 值法筛被选中和复配乳化剂。
were selected:被选中
Methods: Immature rabbits were divided into 4 groups: control, BLM, liposome and trans-gene groups.
方法: 1月龄幼兔被分开为对照组、BLM组、脂质体组和转基因组。
were divided:被分开
The phenomena of drops coalescence were studied in liquid-liquid circulating fluidized bed.
对雾化液滴在液-液循环床体内碰撞-聚并现象进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
Its UV-Vis absorption spectrum, fluorescence spectrum and cyclic voltammetry were studied for photoelectric properties.
采用紫外-可见吸收光谱、荧光光谱和循环伏安法被研究了该配合物的光电性能。
were studied:被研究
Methods: 95 patients with vulgaris psoriasis were divided into two groups.
方法: 95例寻常型银屑病患者被分开为两组。
were divided:被分开
In later Babylon their lives and property were protected by elaborate laws.
在巴比伦后期，他们的生命和财产是受到精密的法律所被保护的。
were protected:被保护
Most information was collected by direct observation of the animals' behaviour.
大部分信息都是通过直接观察动物的行为被收集到的。
was collected:被收集
From composite half-graben or half-graben system, the whole sag was divided into five half-graben system.
从复合式半地堑或者半地堑体系(系统)来被分开析，将整个凹陷划被分开为五个半地堑体系。
was divided:被分开
The fixation of acid dyes on velour was studied according to the basic principle of sol-gel.
摘要应用溶胶-凝胶法的基本原理，进行了丝绒在酸性染料染色中的固色被研究。
was studied:被研究
Methods Acute gouty arthritis 50 patients were divided into low dose group, the conventional dose group.
方法将急性痛风性关节炎病患者50例，被分开为小剂量组，常规剂量组。
were divided:被分开
METH-ODS: Ratio ordering method was applied to the high and low limIt'setups of drug stocks.
方法将比值排序法被应用于药品库存高、低限量设置。
was applied:被应用
The formula of freezing chicken meatball added pigskin emulsified was studied by single-factor and orthogonal test.
通过单因素试验和正交试验对添加乳化猪皮的速冻鸡肉丸配方进行了被研究，确定了其配方。
was studied:被研究
Wedge torque operators should be lubed periodically. As a minimum, the operators should be lubricated annually.
楔形扭矩操作机构应该定期进行被润滑. 操作人员应该每年对这种阀门至少被润滑一次。
be lubed:被润滑
Refractory children, lunatics, and criminals may require authority, and may need to be forced to obey.
对倔强的儿童，精神病人以及犯罪的人，需要使用权力，或者需要被强迫服从。
be forced:被强迫
In the United States this kind of concept already was accepted generally for the masses.
在美国这种概念已为大众普遍被接受。
was accepted:被接受
The 7 th princess was moved to the star Vega (The swooping-Eagle) in the Lyra (Harp) constellation.
第七届公主被移动到星维加 (该俯冲-鹰) 在天琴座 (竖琴) 星座。
was moved:被移动
A . No. Enzymes are proteins that have been extracted from living cells.
不.酶是蛋白质，是从活细胞中被提取出来的。
been extracted:被提取
Methods 24 wister rats were divided at random into A, B and C three groups.
方法将24只wister大白鼠，随机被分开为A、B、C三组。
were divided:被分开
These assets were managed by SLS Capital, a Luxembourg-domiciled investment vehicle.
这些资产由在卢森堡注册的投资工具SLSCapital被管理。
were managed:被管理
A improved method of Alum adsorption was studied for depyogenation from rabies antiserum in manufacturing process.
作者对抗狂犬病血清精制工艺中明矾吸附步骤进行了试验被研究。
was studied:被研究
On the day the school was opened to visitors, all the parents turned out in force.
学校对来访者被打开放的那一天，所有的家长成群地去了。
was opened:被打开
They can live behind a firewall and can be protected by passwords.
它可以在防火墙之后，并受密码被保护。
be protected:被保护
In all kinds of materials, the existence of a stress singularity was studied widely by engineers.
在各种材料中，出现的应力奇异性已为工程技术人员的科学被研究提供了丰富的素材。
was studied:被研究
The kinetics and the reactor's mathematic model were studied in this paper.
本文对偏三甲苯液相空气氧化生成偏苯三酸的动力学和反应器模型进行了深入地被研究。
were studied:被研究
Water network optimization in a petrochemical corporation with nine operations was studied using water pinch technology.
运用水夹点技术，对某石化企业9个用水操作进行用水网络优化被研究。
was studied:被研究
Methods New Zealand rabbits were divided into group Decorin, group PBS and normal control group.
方法 新西兰大白兔被分开为Decorin组、磷酸盐缓冲液(PBS)组、正常对照组。
were divided:被分开
The insects are tracheate arthropods in which the body is divided into head, thorax and abdomen.
昆虫是有气管的节肢动物，体躯被分开为头部，胸部和腹部。
is divided:被分开
The social roles of technology are divided into technological artificer, technological entity and (techniques.)
技术社会角色依照角色载体，可区被分开为技术人工社会角色、技术实体社会角色和技术工艺社会角色。
are divided:被分开
More or less in this light, Singapore's media sector is being opened up.
媒体业的逐步被打开放，多少包含这层意义。
being opened:被打开
Methods: Medical cost was divided into three parts, cost, cost and cost.
方法: 将医疗费用被分开为3项主要组成部被分开:药费、检查费、治疗费。
was divided:被分开
The zone area of 40 km 2 and is divided into two parts Area and West Area.
西江产业园区规划面积40平方公里，被分开为东西两区。
is divided:被分开
As the megakaryocyte matures, small fragments break off and are released into the blood stream.
成熟时，巨核细胞破裂被释放小碎片至血流。
are released:被释放
Until now, discrimination in setting insurance rates has been allowed under E.U. rules, "if sex is a determining risk factor... substantiated by relevant and accurate actuarial and statistical data ."
现在，欧洲法律是被允许保险费率的差别存在的，他们是这样规定的：“如果根据相关及精确的保险精算和统计计算，证明性别是一种危险因素，则......”
been allowed:被允许
The tumor wasdiscovered by accident after a routine blood test in late May produced anelevated alkaline phosphatase number, a non-specific test indicating possibleproblems in the liver or bones.
五月末我很偶然地做了一次常规验血，检查显示我血液中碱性磷酸酶数量过高，这项非特定性的检验表明肝脏或骨胳可能有问题，结果就被发现是肿瘤。
wasdiscovered:被发现
The antimicrobial activity of extracts from cassia, fruits and leaves of aniseed were studied by the paper - dish method in this paper.
用纸碟法被研究了桂皮、八角果以及八角叶提取物的抑菌活性。
were studied:被研究
A very serious and rapidly progressing form of the disease occurs when bacterial spores are inhaled making anthrax a potent threat when used as a biological warfare agent.
当炭疽被用作生物战剂时，人们一旦被吸入细菌孢子，炭疽杆菌就会对人体形成威胁，同时病情将迅速恶化。
are inhaled:被吸入
FDA consumer consultants are appointed in each field district to maintain communications with consumers and ensure that FDA considers their needs and problems.
在每个辖区被任命FDA消费者顾问以保持与消费者的交流，保证FDA能考虑到消费者的需求和问题。
are appointed:被任命
To measure the effect of the treatment, women were asked to rate symptoms of sexual dysfunction such as low sexual desire, low sexual arousal and problems with orgasm.
本次试验的结果是通过询被问到相关女性性功能紊乱的症状，比如性欲低迷，性唤起障碍，性高潮障碍，实现的。
were asked:被问到
The whole object space is divided into a three equal rectangular spaces, while the central part is atrium.
建筑的主体被被分开隔为三个等大的矩形空间，中心部被分开为庭院。
is divided:被分开
The synthesis conditions of belike - calcium barium sulphoaluminate cement clinker were studied by the orthogonal test method.
采用正交试验方法被研究了贝利特—硫铝酸钡钙水泥熟料的煅烧条件。
were studied:被研究
Many point out that not all of the grass or bean goes toward fuel. Meal and other byproducts are extracted for livestock feed and other purposes.
许多人指出，草或豆类产品并不是全都拿去做了燃料，有些是被用来被提取作牲畜饲料或其他用途的磨粉或副产品。
are extracted:被提取
In reality, Carnarvon died of blood poisoning and only six of the 26 people present when the tomb was opened died within a decade.
事实上，加拿芬死于血液中毒，而在坟墓打被打开时在场的26人中，只有6人在十年内死亡。
was opened:被打开
Dodge is an ageing blue-collar name with only one strong model – the Ram truck – which is being turned into a separate brand.
道奇是一个日渐老化的蓝领品牌，只有一个正在被转动变为独立品牌的强大车型——公羊卡车。
being turned:被转动
Effect of urease inhibitors acetohydroxamic acid (AHA), catechol, hydroquinone (HQ) and borax on rumen microbial urease of sheep and soybean urease were studied in this trial.
本文被研究了脲酶抑制剂乙酰氧肟酸（AHA）、邻苯二酚、氢醌（HQ）和硼砂对大豆脲酶和绵羊瘤胃微生物脲酶的抑制作用。
were studied:被研究
The effects of reclaimed water on relative conductivity and MDA content in the Leaves of Bougainvillea speetabilis and Delonix regia were studied in this paper.
本文被研究中水处理对三角梅和凤凰木叶片质膜透性及丙二醛含量的影响。
were studied:被研究
The effects of several plant pesticides on tobacco diseases and pests were studied in field during 2002-2004. The results indicated that Veratrum nigrum L., Macleaya cordata (Willd.) R. Br.
2004年通过田间试验被研究了几种植物源农药对烟草病虫害的防治效果。
were studied:被研究
We know our security, our values and our interests cannot be protected and advanced by force alone, nor indeed, by Americans alone, Clinton said.
她说：“我们知道，单靠武力或单靠美国自己的力量是不能被保护和推进我们的安全、价值观和利益的。
be protected:被保护
From then on her Bible class functioned as an unofficial clinic, dispensing practical advice and a listening ear to women who had never been listened to by anyone before.
从那时起，她的圣经课堂也起到非官方诊所的作用，给人们切实可行的意见，并成为那些从未被聆被听取过的女性的倾被听取者。
been listened:被听取
It seems sometimes that Mr Ostler, fascinated by ancient uses of language, wanted to write a different sort of book but was persuaded by his publisher to play up the English angle.
似乎这位热衷于古代语言使用的奥斯特勒先生想要写一本特别的书，可是被出版商被说服了而转向了英语的角度。
was persuaded:被说服了
When a project is opened this document's contents are read into memory and used for matching segments.
当打被打开项目时，这个文件的内容就被读入记忆，并用于匹配片段。
is opened:被打开
But when the plane set down for the connection in Gander, Newfoundland, Kostya was invited to exit along with everyone else.
但是，当这架飞机因为转机而在纽芬兰的甘德着陆后，克斯特亚与其他人一起都被被邀请出了飞机。
was invited:被邀请
Activated carbon fibre was selected through tests as an optimum adsorbent for butyl acetate in gas. The main factors affecting the adsorption performance were studied.
通过试验被选中择活性炭纤维作为吸附剂，吸附气体中醋酸丁酯。对影响其吸附性能的主要因素进行了研究。
was selected:被选中
The abrasion and scuffing behaviour of Ni-base spray-welded coating containing WC by oxygen-acetylene was studied and compared with those of boride layer using a MM200 wear tester.
利用MM200型磨损试验机被研究了氧-乙炔焰镍基碳化钨喷熔层的磨粒磨损和抗咬合特性，并与硼化物层进行了比较。
was studied:被研究
These days the acronym, DIY, often was used by journalist, At just past "dragon boat festival" DIY appeared on newspaper reached the top frequency.
这些天来，新闻记者经常被使用缩写词DIY，在刚过去的端午节期间DIY出现在报纸上的频率达到顶峰。
was used:被使用
"The narthex is usually separated from the nave by columns or a pierced wall. In byzantine churches the space is divided into two parts: An exonarthex forms the outer entrance to the Building and Bounds the esonarthex, which opens onto the nave. "
一般用柱子或开了门洞的墙将前廊与中堂被分开隔开。在拜占庭教堂中,空间被分开为两部被分开:外前廊形成整个建筑的外部入口,与之相邻的内前廊则通向中堂。
is divided:被分开
2. In Members not requiring registration as a condition for protection, layout-designs shall be protected for a term of no less than 10 years from the date of the first commercial exploitation wherever in the world it occurs.
2.在不要求将注册作为被保护条件的成员中，布图设计被保护期不得少于从该设计于世界任何地方首次付诸商业利用起10年。
be protected:被保护
A greenish pallor spread over the count's cheeks, and his eyes became bloodshot at these terrible imputations, which were listened to by the assembly with ominous silence.
全场在一种可怕的寂静中倾被倾听这一番惊心动魄的谴责，伯爵的两颊泛出青白色，他的眼睛充满了血丝。
were listened:被倾听
A new minister has been appointed to watch over the welfare of disabled people.
已被任命一位新部长负责照管残疾人的福利。
been appointed:被任命
Aggressive behavior and assertive behavior of soccer players were studied with the method of psychology questionaire.
采用心理问卷法被研究足球运动员的攻击性和敢为性行为.
were studied:被研究
But you don’t try to do actual work in elevators; similarly, users are not served by being forced to attempt to do real, interaction-rich transactional work using page-based Web sites accessed through a browser.
类似地，在基于网页的网站中，也不能被强迫让使用者通过浏览器来试图做任何真正并具有过多操作的交易型工作。
being forced:被强迫
A senior engineer， preferably with power plants experience is invited to join our EPC team based in Malaysia， as we expand into international markets.
马亚西亚一间建筑公司聘被邀请有发电厂经验的高级工程师，加入我们EPC队伍，拓展国际市场。
is invited:被邀请
A new method of fermentation with uncooked materials was studied in this paper.
摘要被研究了一种新的生料酿酒发酵方法。
was studied:被研究
As we examine a plane which has been sliced in half, he points out the thinness and fragility of the shell and chuckles: You're flying 900km per hour at 30,000ft... in this!
检视一架被被切断成两半的飞机时，他指著薄薄脆弱的机壳笑称：「你就坐这种飞机，在三万呎高空，以九百公里的时速飞行！」
been sliced:被切断
Abstract: The effect of the new kind of concentrated compound fertilizer contained with herbicide on weed control and wheat growth in the wheat field was studied in the basin culture and the plot trials.
文摘:通过盆钵栽培和田间小区试验，被研究新型高效复配小麦专用除草药肥对麦田杂草防效和小麦生长发育的影响。
was studied:被研究
Abstract: In this article,the problems about the studens' characteristics and the cultivated aim etc.are analysed and the relevant counter-measures are raised in the teaching and studying reform of oral techniques in the higher 5-year professional school.
文摘:分析了五年制被提升职口腔技术专业教学改革中有关学生特点、培养目标等几个问题，并就这些问题提出了相应的对策。
are raised:被提升
Abstract: In this paper the histological structure chara cteristics of fur and skin of otter rabbit were studied optical microscope a nd SEM.
文摘:利用光学显微镜和扫描电子显微镜被研究了獭兔皮毛被及皮板的组织结构，基本上探明了獭兔皮毛和皮板的组织构造特点。
were studied:被研究
At least one episode of seere hypoglycemia was reported 78 patients (14.5%) of the subjects, but the current smokers were more likely to hae had an episode.
受试者中有78例患者被报告至少一次严重的低血糖发作(14.5%)，但是当前吸烟者似乎更多的有严重的低血糖发作。
was reported:被报告
Abstract: Design ideas,technical features and system architectures of advanced process control for polypropelene units were introduced together wit h on-line calculations for the controlled variables such as the yield of polypr opelene,concentration of monomer,hydrogen concentration in liquid phase and the melt flow rate index.Attentions in implementation were pointed out.
文摘:介绍聚丙烯装置先进控制技术的设计思想、技术特点和系统构成，并介绍产率、浆液浓度、液相氢气浓度、熔体流动被指向数等被控变量的在线计算，被指向出了实施中应注意的问题。
were pointed:被指向
After revision from pretest, 45third year high school students (24males and 21females) were used to test the reliability and validity of this developed scale.
在完成量表预试程序后，系被使用该发展的考试焦虑量表为工具，以459位高中三年级学生为样本（男性246人，女性213人），进行信效度的考验。
were used:被使用
A total of 6subjects (3subjects in the poor control group; 3subjects in the good control group) were selected purposive sampling from a medical center.
本研究以立意取样法在某医学中心，被选中取31位控制不良和35位控制良好之第2型糖尿病患为对象。
were selected:被选中
Also, files that were queued before the activation would not moved ahead unless the uploader closes the client and restarts it later on.
同时，在特权被激活之前被排队的文件不会被放置在前方直到上传者关闭客户端并重新启动它。
were queued:被排队
Abstract: The methods to determine the chrome content of waste liquor of modified two-bath chrome tanning process were studied chemical analysis.
文摘:被研究了变型二浴法的鞣制废液中，铬含量测定的化学分析方法。
were studied:被研究
An enclosed vessel in which water is heated and circulated, either as hot water or as steam, for
锅炉，汽锅一种封闭的容器，可对被加热水或蒸气在此加被加热或进行循环，以获取被加热量或动力
is heated:被加热
A special phone line was opened up last Tuesday to give free advice.
上周二，被打开通了一个可以免费咨询的电话专线。
was opened:被打开
A quantitative structure-activity relationship(QSAR) model applied Eighty-three PCDDs/Fs FMO potential charge density energies SHOEi and biodegradation TEF were calculated the simplified quantum chemical method. The relationship in the compound PCDDs and PCDFs of TEF,logP,SHOEi,number of chiorine atoms,and molecular structure was studied using quantitative structure-property related technique.
二?f英类有机污染物的TEF与QSAQ被研究,通过定量结构活性相关模型,用简易量化方法,计算了83种典型二?f英的TEF毒性参数,并运用定量结构-性质相关技术被研究了PCDDs-PCDFs的TEF,同logP、SHEIO氯原子数目、分子结构的定量关系。
was studied:被研究
Adsorption of Prochloraz and its major metabolites,BTS44595,BTS4459and BTS45186,in six types of paddy soil were studied with the batch equilibrium method.
用批量平衡法被研究了咪鲜胺及其三种主要代谢物BTS44595、BTS44596和BTS45186在六种水稻土中的吸附。
were studied:被研究
According to the binary phase diagram of Cu Ti,the temperatures of diffusion welding were selected as 12and 17K, respectively. After diffusion welding for 30, 6and 12min with the diffusion welding pressure being MPa, Cu and Ti reacted to form Cu 3Ti 2,CuTi and CuTi 3,respectively, all of which are hard and brittle, especially CuTi makes the shear property of interface substantially degrade.
依照Cu Ti二元相图 ,被选中择扩散焊温度分别为 3K ,73K和压力为 5MPa ,经 3,6,0min扩散焊后 ,Cu与Ti分别生成Cu3Ti,CuTi,CuTi3,这三者都硬而脆 ,尤其是CuTi3的生成使界面的剪切性能严重恶化。
were selected:被选中
According to the location, the sections of esophagus, stomach, small intestine and colon were selected from the continuous-sections, pasted on the glass, stained with the SAmethod of immunocytochemistry, to show the expression of apoptosis related proteins P53，Bcl-2，Bax and PCNA in the epithelium of esophagus, stomach, small intestine and colon.
根据定位，被选中出有食管、胃、小肠、结肠的切片，用免疫组织化学SABC法检测凋亡相关蛋白P53，Bcl-2，Bax以及增殖细胞核抗原（PCNA）在第11天～17天胎鼠食管、胃、小肠、结肠上皮细胞中的表达。
were selected:被选中
As for interviews, overwhelming dominance or leading of the examiner is shown the analysis. According to the data from interviews, 96.22% of the topics given the examiners were accepted the candidates and the examiners made all the openings and closings, while the whole 1candidates initiated only 2new topics and this was five times less than those from the examiners.
根据数据分析我们可以看到面试中96.22％的由考官提出的话题被考生被接受并延续，而所有16位考生一共才提出了21个新话题，比考官提出的话题数少了五倍。
were accepted:被接受
In this research, five Chinese yellow cattle breeds, which were En-shi cattle, Qin-chuan cattle, Wan-nan cattle, Wenling-Gaofeng cattle and Yan-bian cattle were studied for the molecular genetic diversity in MHC-DQB*exon2, DRB3*exonand their upstream regulatory region DNA sequencing.
本被研究采用测序法，分别对恩施黄牛、秦川牛、皖南牛、温岭高峰牛、延边牛的MHC-Ⅱ类基因DQB和DRB_3及其上游调控区序列进行分析，以揭示中国黄牛MHC基因的分子遗传多样性，得到以下结果：
were studied:被研究
In the fire control system, cannon shooting efficiency and injure probability are raised block hit system of multiple hit target.
作者建立的拦阻射击体制下的多重命中体制提被提升了火炮系统的射击效能和毁伤概率。
are raised:被提升
In the present investigation,the preparation of α,α-dithiobis-[β-(2-furan) aerylic acid](DTFA)from furaldehyde and rhodanine and its effect on serum zinc concentration were studied in rats. usingatomic absorption method serum zinc concentration was determined afteradministration of ZnSO_or mixture of ZnSO_and DTFA.
本文提出用糠醛和绕丹宁(rhodanine)为原料制备α,α′-联硫二[β-(2-呋喃)丙烯酸]的方法,并被研究其对大鼠给予硫酸锌后血清锌含量的影响。
were studied:被研究
In principle, the protocol developed in this study could used for detecting other foodborne pathogenic bacteria such as E.coli, Staphylococcus, Campylobacter and food toxins such as Ricin, Abrin, or Clostridium Botulinum if the proper antibody is selected for the conjugation with nanorod substrates.
大体上，这项研究发展的草案可以通过被选中择性结合在纳米棒底层的相对性抗体被用于检测另外一些食源性病原菌，比如大肠盖希氏菌，葡萄球菌，弯曲杆菌和食物毒素，诸如蓖麻毒素，红豆因或肉毒梭菌。
is selected:被选中
In the law concerning the penalty for murder, it was written, "As people are divided into different classes and ranks, the value of a life correspondingly differs." The lives of people of the highest rank of the upper class, such as a prince or leading Living Buddha, are calculated in gold to the same weight as the dead body.
杀人赔偿命价律中规定：“人有等级之被分开，因此命价也有高低”上等上级的人如王子、大活佛等，其命价为尸体等重的黄金；
are divided:被分开
In this paper, gas generating strength of propellant charge was studied on basis of retreating for bore pressure time curve, and physical firing law of propellant charge was analysised.
通过对火炮膛内压力 -时间曲线的再处理 ,被研究发射药的气体生成强度 ,进而分析发射药装药的物理燃烧规律
was studied:被研究
I choose the Y school in the K city as my study site. Four teachers who are the guiders and one dean in the grade one of the secondary department are selected as my objects.
本文被选中取K市Y学校作为研究现场，以初一年级综合实践活动四位指导教师以及一位学校中层行政领导作为主要研究对象。
are selected:被选中
The flame in the furnace can be looked at through coloured glasses.
可以通过有色眼镜观被看高炉内的火焰。
be looked:被看
A free calligraphy class is opened at CCBA Conference Room every Sunday.
中华公所被打开办逢星期日上课的免费书法班。
is opened:被打开
The adsorption of chlordimeform on red soil and vegetable soil was studied in thes work.
本文被研究了杀虫剂杀虫脒在红壤和菜园上中的吸附。
was studied:被研究
The effect of plant growth regulator GGR 6 on cotton was studied in 2003 and 2004.
2004连续两年被研究了植物生长调节剂GGR6号在棉花上的应用效果。
was studied:被研究
In Comstock scored stages, the scores are divided by the time, adding to the challenge.
在Comstock被计被分开的阶段，比被分开被划被分开当，增加来挑战的时候。
are divided:被分开
In our research, application of opal filler in HDPE was studied for the first time.
本论文被研究探索了新疆北屯蛋白土化工厂提供的蛋白石填料在填充高密度聚乙烯中的应用。
was studied:被研究
In this article, deformation behaviour was studied for an aromatic copolyester fibre con - taining p - hydroxybenzonic acid (HBA) and 2 - hydroxy - 6 - naphthaoic acid (
本文被研究了对羟基苯甲酸 (HBA) 与 2— 羟基 — 6—萘甲酸 (HNA) 共聚酯纤维的轴压缩变形行为。
was studied:被研究
All patent, copyright and other reproduction rights are retained by the producer.
生产者被保留所有专利 ﹑ 版权和其它复制权利。
are retained:被保留
The self - adaptation rule was studied to simplify the - linear control system for some missile in this paper.
为简化非线性控制系统，被研究了某导弹控制系统的自适应规律。
was studied:被研究
This shows that only encourage each other self - stimulation, self - improvement, the door can be opened successfully.
这说明，只有自勉自励，自强不息，才能叩被打开成功之门。
be opened:被打开
At certain sites, ground - penetrating radar was used to look for underground structures or buried equipment.
在某些地点，我们还被使用了探地雷达以搜索地下建筑以及埋藏起来的设备。
was used:被使用
Only the door are being opened in smoke shop and newspaper shop.
只有烟店和报店被打开着门。
being opened:被打开
The photolysis of triazophos were studied systematically under xenon lamp and sunlight.
以氙灯与太阳光为光源，被研究了三唑磷的光解特性及其影响因子。
were studied:被研究
The interaction of tributyltin (TBT) compound and DNA was studied by UV and CD spectrometry.
通过紫外(UV)和圆二色(CD)光谱，被研究了三丁基锡 (TBT)与脱氧核糖核酸(DNA) 的相互作用。
was studied:被研究
Critics, however, say too many animals are killed that do not threaten stock (livestock).
但是批评家却说太多被杀害死的动物没有威胁过家畜 (安全)。
are killed:被杀害
Critics say, however that, too many animals are killed that do not threaten livestock.
评论家说，可是，许多被杀害的动物并没有威胁家畜。
are killed:被杀害
Effect of cerium (Ce 3 +) on photosynthesis in soybean seedlings was studied with hydroponics under laboratory conditions.
以大豆为实验材料，用溶液培养试验法被研究稀土铈 (Ce3+) 对大豆幼苗光合作用的影响。
was studied:被研究
The equivalent oxide thickness (EOT) of an HfO _ 2 high k dielectric is extracted in two steps.
分两步被提取了HfO2高k栅介质等效氧化层厚度 (EOT)。
is extracted:被提取
Elephant tusks, monkey tails and salt were used in some parts of Africa.
非洲的一些地区则被使用象牙、猴尾和盐。
were used:被使用
In this paper the nonlinear distortion AM-VSB CATV system with erbium-doped fiber amplifier (EDFA) was studied theoretically.
本文从理论上被研究了有 掺铒光纤放大器 的光纤调幅有线电视系统的非线性失真问题。
was studied:被研究
The enzymatic-chemical extraction method was studied for the production of dietary fiber from Laminaria japonica.
以海带为原料，被研究了酶与化学结合法提取膳食纤维的工艺技术。
was studied:被研究
The method of trace detection and xylene (BTEX) was studied in ambient air using laser two-photon ionization.
利用激光双光子电离技术被研究了在大气压力下探测痕量苯系物的方法。
was studied:被研究
Objective Fab gene from anti-human � � seminoprotein monoclonal antibody was cloned and expressed in E.
目的 获得鼠抗人精浆蛋白单被克隆抗体Fab段基因并在大肠杆菌中表达。
was cloned:被克隆
A new rice AOS gene (OsAOS 2) was cloned with bioinformatic analysis combined withPCR based strategy.
通过生物信息学的分析结合PCR的策略发现并被克隆了一个新的水稻AOS基因 (OsAOS2)。
was cloned:被克隆
In this arti-cle, experience of a 16 months follow-up case was reported and discussed.
本文被报告1例 随访 16个月经验，并就随访结果，结合文献，略予讨论。
was reported:被报告
The melting behavior of ultrahigh relative molecular weight polyethylene (UHMWPE) fiber was studied by DSC.
用DSC法被研究了超高相对分子质量聚乙烯 (UHMWPE) 纤维的熔融行为。
was studied:被研究
Pieces of bread were used to erase lead pencil before rubber came into use.
在橡皮擦被使用之前，人们用一片面包来擦铅笔字。
were used:被使用
The best solvent was selected with the UV feature of leaf, flower and cane of Henna.
方法:依据海娜植物的叶、茎、花的紫外光谱特征，被选中择最佳提取溶剂。
was selected:被选中
The interaction of DNA (fsDNA, ctDNA) with Brilliant Green was studied by UV-visible spectrophotometry.
用紫外-可见光谱法被研究了阳离子染料灿烂绿(BrilliantGreen) 与脱氧核糖核酸 (fsDNA、ctDNA)相互作用的特性及分析应用。
was studied:被研究
Vine and olive growers were protected by tariffs against cheap imports of wine and olive oil.
希腊以提高关税来抑制廉价进口葡萄酒和橄榄油，从而被保护葡萄和橄榄种植者的利益。
were protected:被保护
The ISOObp promoter of PNZIP gene was cloned by adaptor PCR method.
因此，我们利用接头PCR技术被克隆了PNZIP基因的启动子。
was cloned:被克隆
Methods Human sperm mannose receptors were purified agarose gel affinity chromatography coloumn.
目的分离被净化人精子甘露糖受体并测定其分子量和等电点。
were purified:被净化
Various phenolic formulations, impregnated in glass fabrics, were studied in this way.
曾用此方法被研究浸入玻璃织物的各种苯酚配方。
were studied:被研究
Various phenolic formulations, impregnated in glass fabrics, were studied by scientists in this way.
科学家曾用此方法被研究浸入玻璃织物的各种苯酚配方。
were studied:被研究
The voltammetric behaviour of PQ was studied by linear sweep and cyclic voltammetry etc.
用线性扫描和循环伏安法等手段被研究体系的伏安行为，特别是吸附性。
was studied:被研究
The process of manufacturing casting Al-Si alloy with the coarse Al-Si alloy was studied in laboratory.
在实验室中被研究了由一次铝硅合金制取铸造 铝硅 合金的工艺。
was studied:被研究
For example, animal skins called parchment and vellum were used by the ancient Greeks.
例如，古希腊人被使用过动物皮子，如羔皮(parchment)和犊皮(Vellum)。
were used:被使用
Plants need to be looked after and protected during bad weather.
天气恶劣时要留意照被看好植物。
be looked:被看
MCI technology for upgrading FCC LCO was applied in the hydroprocessing unit of Dagang Petrochemical Company.
大港石化公司加氢装置被应用MCI技术对催化裂化柴油进行加氢改质。
was applied:被应用
Perhaps you'll love one person for ever, or be loved by one.
你也许会永远被爱一个人，或永远被一个人所被爱。
be loved:被爱
Dealloying corrosion and corrosion products of Cu-Al-Mn alloy were studied by EPM technology.
采用电子探针技术被研究了Cu -A l-Mn 合金脱合金腐蚀现象及其产物。
were studied:被研究
A new type magnetic sensor using near-zero magnetostriction cobalt-based amorphous wire was studied in the paper.
本文被研究了利用具有近零磁致伸缩系数钴基非晶态合金丝研制的新型磁场传感器。
was studied:被研究
However, Warwick says none of the technology being used is new.
但是，沃里克说并未被使用任何新技术。
being used:被使用
Finally the Wittig-Horner reaction was selected as the fundamental reaction of synthesis.
最终被选中择Wittig-Horner反应作为合成的基本反应。
was selected:被选中
The polymerization of whey protein isolate (WPI) at different conditi ons by microbial transglutaminase (MTGase) was studied using SDS-PAGE .
采用SDS -PAGE 分析，被研究了不同条件下微生物转谷氨酰胺酶 (MTGase) 催化乳清蛋白 (WPI) 聚合。
was studied:被研究
An interferometer invented by Michelson was used by Michelson and Morely.
迈克耳孙和莫雷被使用一台迈克耳孙发明的干涉仪。
was used:被使用
The microstructures of Spinodal phases in Cu-15 Ni-8 Sn alloy were studied by TEM.
利用透射电镜被研究了Cu -15Ni-8Sn 合金调幅相的显微结构和相变动力学。
were studied:被研究
This is the exact same engine being used in our Proton Waja.
它和宝腾Waja被使用的是同种引擎。
being used:被使用
The developmental morphology of plant cell was studied in Arabidopsis thaliana in this paper.
通过激光扫描共聚焦显微镜，利用不同种类(波长)的激光被研究植物细胞发育形态学变化。
was studied:被研究
In general, any molecule that is attracted to water molecules is said to be hydrophilic (water-loving).
通常，任何被水分子被吸引的分子都称为亲水的 (喜水的)。
is attracted:被吸引
The photoelectric characteristics of conducting polymer MEH-PPV film were studied using contact potential difference (CPD) method.
用接触电位差 (CPD) 方法被研究了导电聚合物MEH-PPV薄膜的光电特性。
were studied:被研究
Finally, the key and trend of the research on reticulated mega-structure were pointed out.
最后被指向出了巨型网格结构体系研究的关键问题和今后的研究方向。
were pointed:被指向
The boat race was a dead heat, and the first prize was divided in two.
这次划船比赛有两只船同时到达终点，头奖由两只船平被分开。
was divided:被分开
Love beautiful heart, do not want to abandon forever, not only oneself are looked at comfortable, also can increase others the confidence to you.
爱美的心，永远都不要放弃，不仅自己被观察到着舒适，也会增加别人对你的信心。
are looked:被观察到
Based factor method, the online control process for reheating furnace was studied by simulation.
以总括热吸收率法为基础，对连续加热炉在线控制过程进行了软件仿真被研究。
was studied:被研究
The application experiment of new rubber reinforcer - Superfine actived clay (SFAC) was studied in this paper.
对新型橡胶补强剂超细活性陶土SFAC应用试验作了被研究。
was studied:被研究
Conclusion sFGFR 1 gene was cloned and expressed highly efficiently in RTS.
结论被克隆sFGFR1基因在RTS系统获得高效表达。
was cloned:被克隆
We consider it necessary that the machine should be oiled regularly.
我们认为机器必须定期加被油化。
be oiled:被油化
A rapid detection method of psychrotrophic bacteria in raw milk was studied in this article.
针对原料乳中嗜冷菌的一种快速检测方法进行了初步被研究。
was studied:被研究
Very few cyanobacterial toxins have actually been isolated and characterized to date.
蓝藻毒素其实一直很少被孤立和特点至今。
been isolated:被孤立
Neuroscientists and psychologists agree that brain is divided into two hemispheres - left and right.
神经科学家和心理学家都认同大脑被分开成两个半球 ─ ─左半球和右半球。
is divided:被分开
The world's first ski lift was opened at Bolgen in 1934.
世界上第一个滑雪运送机于1934年在博尔艮被打开放使用。
was opened:被打开
In her nightmare a woman is forced to watch a madman slaughter her family.
在噩梦中，一个女人被强迫她看一个疯子屠杀她的家人。
is forced:被强迫
The absorption kinetics of nimodipine microemulsion were studied on the small intestine of rats by HPLC.
以测定尼莫地平含量为指标，采用大鼠在体小肠吸收实验方法，对尼莫地平自微乳化液大鼠小肠吸收动力学进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The extrusion quality of flaxseed meal was studied with Brabender DSE - 25 Twin - Screw Extruder.
利用DSE-25型双螺杆挤出机对亚麻籽粕进行挤压膨化质量被研究。
was studied:被研究
The basic structure is divided into basal layer, alcohol - soluble pigmented resin layer - Layer and adhesive layer.
基本结构被分开基膜层、醇溶性染色树脂层、镀铝层和胶黏层。
is divided:被分开
In this system, more routs are selected by dummy repeater technique.
该系统是将各测点(分站)虚拟为中继站来实现多路由被选中择。
are selected:被选中
As the electrochemical rectifier transformer CAD system aleatory and enormous, it is divided into two parts.
由于电化学用整流变压器CAD系统较为复杂庞大，被分开两个部被分开进行研究开发。
is divided:被分开
The preparation of tetramisole free alkali was studied with antiaddition method.
采用反加法对四咪唑游离碱的制备进行了实验被研究。
was studied:被研究
Methods: 10 cases of Non - Hodgkin s Lomphoma of testis were studied by clinicopathological and immunohistochemical technique.
方法: 对10例睾丸非霍奇金氏淋巴瘤进行临床病理及免疫组化被研究。
were studied:被研究
Every alveolus above the shoe has been ironed with thick wire, put on bootlace next can.
鞋上面的每个小孔用粗被铁化丝烫好，然后穿上鞋带即可。
been ironed:被铁化
And while the building itself may not be old, the rough wooden floor boards have been salvaged from an old villa on the Bund that was being demolished.
尽管餐厅建筑本身并不古老，但那凹凸的木地板是从已经拆除的外滩一处老别墅里抢被救出来的。
been salvaged:被救出
So the servers are managed by a rag-tag band of volunteers;
所以服务器由一群普通的志愿者在被管理，
are managed:被管理
because if it's true that the world is divided into two types of people,
因为如果它存在，世界上的人就将被分开为两种类型
is divided:被分开
That meant that grain could be traded across tremendous distances,
这就意味着谷物的被交易能穿越很长的距离进行，
be traded:被交易
So the ancient artist was protected from certain things,
古代艺术家由这个观点而得到被保护，避免了过度自恋
was protected:被保护
My grandfather lived most of his life and is buried in Zambia.
我祖父一生大部分时间生活在赞比亚，也被埋葬在那里
is buried:被埋葬
The door was opened by a servant in livery.
门由一个穿制服的仆人打被打开了。
was opened:被打开
The small banks were merged into one large organization.
这几家小银行被合并成一个大机构。
were merged:被合并
But at least that this government was accepted by the crowd. Every resource that is valuable to combat our Nigerian rebel.
但是至少这个政府是为民众所被接受的。每一项资源对于打击尼日利亚叛军来说都是有价值的。
was accepted:被接受
In a second experiment, a different group of young women had their photos taken and were asked about their desire for children.
”在第二项实验中，研究人员给另一组年轻女性拍了照片，并询被问到她们想要多少小孩。
were asked:被问到
Scientists think that the greatest amount of endorphins are released when laughing causes our stomach muscles to move a lot.
科学家认为，当我们笑得腹部肌肉不断抖动的时候，九十安多芬被释放得最多的时候。
are released:被释放
In China, where piracy is rampant, many games can be played online for nothing. Firms instead make money by selling in-game perks and “virtual goods” to dedicated players.
比如在盗版现象非常普遍的中国，很多游戏可以在网上免费被播放，出版商通过向发烧顾客出售网币和“虚构物品”赚钱。
be played:被播放
In winter, the greenhouses are heated using a geothermal system.
在冬季，大棚使用地被加热系统加被加热。
are heated:被加热
REYCHAD ABDOOL: "We know for a fact that heroin is being used in at least thirty countries in Africa.
REYCHAD ABDOOL ：“我们知道这样一个事实，非洲至少有30个国家正在被使用海洛因。
being used:被使用
Everywhere I go in Vietnam, I look in places and offices and stuff like this,and hardly any computer, apart from the very big ones, are protected by any anti-virus program at all," he explained.
在越南无论去哪里，我都在办公室等地方看到这些东，除了大型计算机外，几乎没有哪台计算机得到什么反病毒软件的被保护。”
are protected:被保护
The secretary of the sports ministry Nishantha Ranatunga told the BBC a successful sports talents footing camp among former Tigers was held last month. Out of 135 people, 16 including one or two women were selected for a national sports coup, four each in the disciplines of shooting, swimming, athletics and cricket.
该国体育部部长Nishantha Ranatunga告诉BBC，上个月为前猛虎游击队成员成功建立了体育天才基地，从135成员中被选中出了16名(包括1、2名女性)进入国家体育代表团：参赛的四组项目分别为射击，游泳，田径，和曲棍球。
were selected:被选中
Somalia has a new parliament, the first to be selected inside the country since the overthrow of the last defective government in 1991.
索马里有了新议会，这是自1991年有缺陷的政府倒台来该国第一个被选定举出的议会。
be selected:被选定
The investigators concluded that political prisoners were used to make Ikea furniture. Ikea said after the findings that the company had been aware of the possibility, and had tried to put in measures to ensure that prisoners weren’t used, but that, as its statement put it, it’s now clear that the measures were not effective enough.
调查者发现宜家被使用政治犯来生产家具，宜家称看到这份调查后意识到有这种可能性，已采取措施确保不再被使用囚犯，但是，正如其声明所说，该公司已经了解到这些措施并未完全实施。
were used:被使用
It lay behind the “Cells”, her series of installations in the early 1990s in which small, bleak rooms were viewed through half-opened doors or dirty windows.
它隐含在她的系列装置艺术卓品“细胞”之中，在该1990年代作品中，透过半开的门或肮脏的小窗户，可以被浏览到一些小而荒凉的房间。
were viewed:被浏览
Suspended national bodies do not receive any funding from the IOC, their officials are banned from Olympic meetings and events, and their athletes are not allowed to compete under their national flags of the Olympics.
国际奥委会对暂时取消资格的国家体育机构不发放资金，并被禁止该国官员参加奥林匹克会议和比赛，同时不允许该国运动员在该国奥林匹会旗下参加竞赛。
are banned:被禁止
A French catering company said 150 of its Algerian employees were held. But a man claiming to be a spokesman for the group said Algerian workers had been allowed to leave.
法国一家餐饮公司称其150名阿尔及利亚雇员遭劫持，但一名声称是武装组织发言人的男子称已被允许阿尔及利亚员工离开。
been allowed:被允许
This use of genetic modification has been opposed by environmentalists, who fear that such supertrees may escape and damage wild forests.
为达到该商业目的使用转基因，遭到了环保主义者的被反对，他们担心这样的超级树会疯长进而危害到野生丛林。
been opposed:被反对
Its management is being globalised too, with regional offices being opened in Singapore and Shanghai.
管理层也日渐国际化，地区办公室已经被打开到了新加坡和上海，
being opened:被打开
The students were asked to fill out a survey on theirromanticrelationships, their mediaconsumptionand their feelings of objectification.
学生们需在被问到卷上填写他们的恋爱状况、媒体消费状况以及对客观化的感觉。
were asked:被问到
It is the only country in the world where women are banned from driving.
这也是世界上惟一一个被禁止女性开车的国家。
are banned:被禁止
Thedecisiveaction of your consul in London, Fidel Narvaez, guaranteed my rights would be protected upon departing Hong Kong – I could never have risked travel without that.
你们驻伦敦领事菲德尔-纳巴耶斯的果断行动确保了我离开香港是的权利得到被保护——否则我不可能离开。
be protected:被保护
Police, who raided the criminal operation, said they also found beef tripe, cartilage and other out-of-date animal organs - all of which had been smuggled across the border from neighbouring Vietnam.
参与本次突袭犯罪活动的警察说，他们还发现了牛百叶、软骨和其它早已过期的动物器官，这些都是从邻国越南被走私来的。
been smuggled:被走私
A college student's dorm door is opened and closed about 60-100 times a day, which could produce 160-280 milliamps of electric energy. It takes 160 milliamps to keep a light working for at least 10 hours, said Xia Yingbiao, one of the invention team members and a mechanical design and manufacturing and automation junior.
该研究小组成员之一、机械设计制造和仪器自动化专业大三学生夏应标表示，一间大学生宿舍的门每天大约反复被打开关60-100次，可以产生160-280毫安的电量。160毫安的电量就可以让一盏灯维持至少10小时的工作
is opened:被打开
During the interview, the applicants were asked questions such as "how long have you been in the city", "which relatives do you have in the city", "what are their jobs".
面试时，他们会向求职者提出诸如“来武汉多久了？”、“在武汉有亲戚吗？”、“他们都是做什么工作的？”此类的被问到题。
were asked:被问到
Students at Fuzhou University have recently received a questionnaire in which they were asked to respond using their real names to inquiries about their private matters.
福州大学的学生最近收到一份调查被问到卷。被问到卷要求学生用真实姓名回答有关他们隐私的被问到题。
were asked:被问到
Not just experts have been divided by Xiao's parenting style. Many members of the public have also weighed into the debate to offer praise or criticism.
对于萧百佑的家教方式，不仅专家们内部被分开为两派，许多民众也纷纷参与热议，对此褒贬不一。
been divided:被分开
The cat – a feline in a locked box that is both dead and alive until the box is opened – was a thought experiment devised by physicist Schrödinger to expose the counterintuitive weirdness of quantum theory.
“薛定谔猫”（一只关在箱子里的既死又活的猫，只有打被打开箱子才能知道它的死活）是物理学家薛定谔设计的一个思想实验，用来展示量子力学那有违直觉的怪诞。
is opened:被打开
The launcher was a two-stage light gas gun with the bore of 14.5mm. The sphere models with diameter of 10mm were made from polycarbonate and Aluminum separately. The flight velocities of the models were about 4～6km/s, InSb detectors were used for measurement of IR radiation with sensitive wavelength were 3～5.4μm.
发射器为14.5mm口径的二级轻气炮,模型为?10mm的球,材料为聚碳酸酯和铝,模型发射速度4～6km/s,被使用红外InSb探测器测量波长3～5.4μm的红外辐射,靶室压力5.32kPa。
were used:被使用
Methods Using liquescent time of suppository in vitro as marker,full factor design method was used. The ratio of PEG 4000/PEG 6000 in prescription and warm-up temperature of water bath were selected as observing factors.
方法采用满因子分析设计法,以栓剂体外溶化时间为指标,被选中定处方中聚乙二醇(PEG)4000/PEG6000的比例和栓剂制备时水浴加热的温度作为考察因素。
were selected:被选中
The performance of T907 type carbonyl sulfide hydrolysis catalyst and To-22 type ambient temperature desulfurizer for ambient temperature liquid phase fine desulfurization of propylene was studied andtheir industrial application outlined.
介绍了化工部西北院开发研制的T－907型COS水解催化剂和Tc－22型常温脱硫剂用于丙烯常温液相精脱硫的被研究及工业应用情况。
was studied:被研究
The paper investigates a system which measures MTF of the submicron projection lithography lenses with CCD. By using CCD as photoelectric conversion device,light intensity signal of linear scattering function received by CCD is amplified and sampled. With numeral storage oscillograph.
研究了用电荷耦合器件测量亚微米投影光刻物镜的MTF值的系统,用CCD作为光电转换器件,对CCD接收到的LSF的光强信号进行视频被放大、采样,用数字存储示波器可方便地测得系统的MTF值。
is amplified:被放大
Methods: 30 male BALB/c mice(20±2g) were divided into control group, dipping in water group and swimming-fatigue group respectively. After fatigue for swimming in swimming-fatigue group, with control group and dipping in water group, liver tissues in mice were collected.
方法:取30只BALB/c雄性小鼠,体重(20±2)g,随机被分开成对照组、浸水组和游泳疲劳组,对游泳疲劳组小鼠进行负重游泳致疲劳后,与其他两组同时采集肝脏组织,利用改进后的银染DD-PCR法筛选小鼠肝脏中差异表达的基因,并进行鉴定,采用BLAST软件对阳性片段进行同源性被分开析。
were divided:被分开
Conclusion? The indication could be selected after the residual root and residual crown of the molar were flowless treated with root canal, the liverish tooth can be kept down by use of the two kinds of pile nuclear crown and the chaw function resume and the beautiful requirement could be come true.
结论磨牙残根残冠经完善根管治疗后,依情况被选定择适应症,利用两种桩核冠均可以保留患牙,恢复咀嚼功能和美观的要求。
be selected:被选定
Methods Forty-eight livid blue rabbits, male, 2～2.5 kg in weight, were divided into 2 groups: monocrotophos 5LD 50(11.12 mg/kg)group and 10LD 50(22.24 mg/kg) group.
方法48只青紫蓝家兔被分开为2组:久效磷5LD50(11.12mg/kg)组24例,10LD50(22.24mg/kg)组24例。
were divided:被分开
The thermo electromagnetic crack preventing process was studied in the infinite thin conducting plate loath a semi infinite straight crack within.
对含半无限长直线裂纹的无限大导电薄板的热电磁止裂问题进行了被研究.
was studied:被研究
Results The lesion were located in parietal lobe (19 cases), frontal lobe (10 cases), parietal frontal lobe (3 cases), temporal lobe (4 cases), occipital lobe (2 cases), below tentorium (4 cases).
结果病灶被发现的顶叶19例,额叶10例,额顶叶3例,颞叶4例,枕叶2例,幕下4例。
were located:被发现的
The acid phosphatase(ACP) and alkaline phosphatase (AKP) in the haemocytes and serum of scallop Chlamys fareri were studied by cytochemical localisation with electron microscope and spectrophotometer. The results show that the lysosomes are strongly positive of ACP with irregular and different-sized shapes, in which there are granules with high electron density.
用电镜细胞化学和分光光度技术对栉孔扇贝血淋巴中的酸性磷酸酶（ACP）和碱性磷酸酶（AKP）的被研究结果表明，溶酶体呈强的ACP阳性；
were studied:被研究
The acidic α-naphthyl acetate esterase (ANAE) of the scallop Chlamys farreri were studied by histochemical localisation technique.
采用酶组织化学方法对栉孔扇贝(Chlamysfarreri)各主要器官组织中的酸性α醋酸萘酯酶(ANAE)进行了定性定位被研究。
were studied:被研究
The whole thesis is divided into three parts. The first part of this paper mainly works out the connotation of the historical logic thinking by reviewing its definition, method and quality.
论文被分开为三个部被分开:论文第一部被分开主要对历史逻辑思维的概念、方法、品质进行梳理,得出历史逻辑思维的内涵。
is divided:被分开
In view of the situation that a lot of brine wastewater was discharged to Fu River and seriously polluted the source of drinking water and irrigation water, water environment capacity of chloride for this River was studied and its function in working out emission standard and total emission quantity control was assessed.
针对湖北省府河流域含盐废水大量排放,造成引用水源和农业灌溉水源严重污染的状况,从制定府河流域氯化物排放标准的指导思想出发,被研究了府河氯化物的水环境容量在制定排放标准和排污总量控制中的作用,指出污染物的水环境容量被研究是进行流域排污总量控制和制定流域排放标准的基础。
was studied:被研究
The similarity and classification of sucking louse communities on 24 species of small mammals were studied in Yunnan Province, China, through a hierarchical cluster analysis.
应用系统聚类分析方法对云南省境内24种主要小型哺乳动物(小兽)体表吸虱昆虫群落相似性及群落分类进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
Tissues of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESQCC),papillo- ma and squamous epithelia adjacent to carcinoma (SEAC) were studied histopathologically and by in situ hybridization with HPV16DNA probe.
为了探索人乳头状瘤病毒(HPV)与食管癌发生的关系,对食管鳞癌、癌旁鳞状上皮及乳头状瘤进行组织病理学被研究,并用生物素标记的HPV_(16)DNA探针进行原位杂交。
were studied:被研究
All of the results were mainly due to the selection of gears and also indicate that fishery resources monitoring using fishing vessel for the purpose of production is appropriate for some commercially important species such as Japanese anchovy, hairtail, small yellow croaker and Spanish mackerel, which could reflect the resources status, however, when it was applied in the study of ecosystem like community structure and biodiversity, there were some obvious limits because of the lack of the data of some commercially unimportant species.
结果说明被应用渔船针对渔业生产进行的渔业资源监测,对带鱼、小黄鱼、鱼等重要生产种类是适合的,能够反映其资源量状况,但对群落结构、生物多样性等生态系统水平上的研究却存在着明显的不足
was applied:被应用
On the condition of lower anodic oxidation voltage the changes of porcelain anodic oxidation film on L2 aluminium specimen were studied with the decrease of anode current density,and the techniques a bouttinting L2 luminium oxidated into black and brown- madder are suggested. In addition,the relationship between anodic oxidation current density and the quality of colouration on L2 aluminium specimen is discussed.
在较低的阳极氧化电压下，被研究了不同阳极电流密度对L2铝瓷质阳极氧化的影响，以及对经瓷质阳极氧化处理的L2铝试样着黑色与红褐色的工艺，并探讨了阳极氧化电流密度的大小与试样着色质量之间的关系
were studied:被研究
c) To create the PWM signal that drives the new high speed on/off valve, the currency PWM- confection of intel 80C 196MC is used, and the voltage,power magnify electrocircuit that used for the actuater's dynamic application is chosed and designed.
3．应用intel80C196MC中的通用PWM调制输出，产生驱动高速开关阀的PWM信号，被选中择和设计了适合驱动器动态应用的电压、功率放大电路。
is chosed:被选中
By comparing the common edge detection algorithms, the magniloquent Kirsch edge detection algorithm is selected to process the result of background subtraction.
通过对常用的边缘检测方法比较,被选中用了突出边缘的Kirsch边缘检测方法对背景差后的图像进行了边缘检测;
is selected:被选中
By studying the relationship between the insulating condition of electrical devices and the feature parameters in the time window, the discharge number, maximum magnitude and mean magnitude of partial discharges are extracted as the feature parameters which represent the insulating performance of electrical devices.
该方法通过研究时间窗内的局部放电次数、最大视在放电量、平均视在放电量等物理量与电气设备绝缘状态之间的关系,被提取它们作为表征电气设备绝缘性能的特征量,用来进行状态评估与故障诊断。
are extracted:被提取
According to the determination results magpie Juvenal growth development is divided into three steps.
根据测定结果,喜鹊雏鸟的生长发育过程被分开为三个阶段。
is divided:被分开
Thirdly, build through city Wang in" test worker write" mode is it is it compare to analyse to go on from form with Wiethe stupid majestic ideal urban scheme, this festival is divided into two parts, specify from something in common and difference of both sides separately, and has carried on the detailed discussion from planning thought and culture background to the reason that the two formed separately;
第三，通过对《考工记》中的王城营建模式和维特鲁威的理想城市方案从形态上进行被分开析比较，本节被分开为两个部被分开，被分开别从双方的相同之处和差异详细述说，并对两者形成的原因被分开别从规划思想和相关文化背景上进行了详细的探讨；
is divided:被分开
Methods: 72 cases were divided into three groups. The first group used copy method in oral cavity to make provisional crown;
方法:72例需作固定修复的老年患者随机被分开为三组,一组采用口内复制法制作临时冠;
were divided:被分开
Methods: 57 patients with malign pleural effusion were divided into two groups at random.
方法:57例恶性胸腔积液病人被分开为两组。
were divided:被分开
There were 18.6% of respondents exposing to repeating moderate physical maltreatment,in which the lowest rate was 0.4% of being forced to eating their disliked food and the highest was 9.7% of being spanked buttocks with hand or sticks.
童年期反复中度身体虐待报告率为18.6%,从0.4%(被强迫吃难吃的东西)到9.7%(用手或棍棒打臀部);
being forced:被强迫
Author deems, the process of the company system development is also a process that internal rights in company are divided continuously and the company manager system develops continuously.
本文认为,公司制度发展的过程也是公司内部权力不断被分开化和公司经理制度不断发展的过程。
are divided:被分开
Tnis study was carried out at a seabeach salt marsh in Donghai Farm, Nanhui county, Shanghai. The reproduction ecology of Acirpus mariqueter populations was described, which included population vegetative reproduction (clonal growth) and spatial organization of clones, population sexual reproduction, seed weight and production, plant dry matter allocation during the growing season as well as their interrelationship with the environment.
本文研究了上海市南汇县东海农场场部海堤外侧滩涂上海三棱藤草种群的繁殖生态学,其中包括在三个地被带走中种群的无性繁殖(无性系生长)与无性系结构,种群的有性繁殖,种子产量与重量,植株在生长季节中的干物质分配动态以及与环境之间的相互关系。
was carried:被带走
Base on the methods of sampling in winter and dividing soil layer on the site, the distribution character of nutrient materials such as TN, TP and organic matter in peat sediment of riparian-flat and valley depression land in Sanjiang Plain, which is the most extensive freshwater marsh wetland in China, was studied systematically.
采用冬季采样,现场分层的方法,系统地被研究了三江平原沼泽中河床-河漫滩型泥炭地和谷底洼地型泥炭沉积中总氮、总磷和有机质等营养物质的分布特征。
was studied:被研究
The distribution, morphology and density of mast cells in pig tissue fixed in NBF or Carnoy's fluid and immunostained with the mAbs AA1, AA3 and AA5 were similar to those seen when sections were stained with toluidine blue or Alcian blue.
NBF或Carnoy液固定和猪组织经单克隆抗体AA1，AA3及AA5免疫被染了显现的肥大细胞在分布、形态和密度方面与甲苯胺蓝或阿尔辛蓝被染了切片上的肥大细胞相似。
were stained:被染了
According to the diagnostic characters such as the Presence or absence of extracelluar oxidase of mat,the type of hyphae and its differentiation,occurrence of spore,the color of hyphae and mat,the setae and cuticular cells,the culture characters and the determination of classifing system of ten species wood-decay fungi of Hymenochae taceae were studied in detail.
根据菌落细胞外氧化酶检测反应、菌丝类型及分化、产孢情况、菌丝及菌落颜色、刚毛及表皮细胞的有无等培养特性,对刺革菌科10种主要木材腐朽菌培养特性及鉴定分类系统进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The technical conditions for immobilized yeast to produce mead were studied and the optimal immobilizing conditions and fermentation conditions were determined respectively through L9(34)orthogonal test as follows: 1.0% Na-Alg, 1.0% CaCl2, immobilizing time 1 h, 7# pinhead gelatin bulb;
对固定化酵母生产蜂蜜酒的工艺条件进行了被研究,通过L9(34)正交试验确定了最适固定化条件为Na-Alg1.0%,CaCl21.0%,固定化时间1h,7#针头凝胶球;
were studied:被研究
The dynamic metamorphose,composition structure and diversity of microbial community in the raw water along the Dongjiang River were studied by molecular biology PCR-DGGE assessment.
应用PCR-DGGE分子生物学方法对东江水源工程沿途水样中的微生物群落结构的动态变化以及种群多样性进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The conceptual metaphor is divided into three types, namely, structural metaphor, ontological metaphor and orientational metaphor.
概念隐喻被分开三种：结构隐喻，本体隐喻和方位隐喻。
is divided:被分开
the serendipitous discovery of bacterial blooms following undersea volcanic eruptions led oceanographers to suggest that life might have originated on the seafloor, where it would have been protected from the lethal ultraviolet radiation and meteorites that bombarded the surface of the early earth.
海底火山喷发后会有大量细菌滋生，因此，海洋学家提出生命可能来自海洋底部，那里可以被保护生命免遭致命紫外线的辐射和小行星撞击地球表面带来的致命危险。
been protected:被保护
METHODS: Seventy_two patients with migraine were divided into 2 groups. The Sum group of 40 patients (M 4, F 36, age 40 a±s 15 a) received sumatriptan 6 mg sc.
方法：72例偏头痛病人被分开为2组，舒马曲坦组40例（男性4例，女性36例；年龄40a±s15a）用舒马曲坦6mg，sc；
were divided:被分开
The diversity of night migratory birds was studied in Fenghuang Mountains, Nanj ian County, Yunnan Province from 16th September to 28th November 2002, from 6th to 26th April and from 9th September to 26th November 2003. 6677 of 176 species, which belong to 29 families, 13 orders, were caught and banded.
2002年9月16日至11月28日、2003年4月6日至26日、2003年9月9日至11月26日,对云南南涧凤凰山秋季夜间迁移鸟类进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
First,the fault signal was decomposed at pertinence,and the 7.2 Hz modulation fault was extracted with the wavelet packet analysis;
先利用小波包分析对故障信号进行有针对性分解,并被提取出7.2Hz的调制故障;
was extracted:被提取
The dynamics of the food-habits of the moose (Alces dices) were studied with the microhistological analysis technique of feces in Heihe forest area from 1987-1988.
1987—1988年在黑龙江省黑河林区,对驼鹿(Alcesalces)食物组成的季节变化,采用粪便显微组织学分析方法和利用法进行了被研究。结果表明,驼鹿食物包括54属70余种植物,其中木本植物占59％,草本植物占41％。
were studied:被研究
Variation mechanism and supporting measure of tunnel in titled banded mudstone were studied according to the displacement of field monitoring,model experiment and theoretical analysis at LongXi tunnel of the motorway from Dujiangyan to Wenchuan.
结合都(江堰)汶(川)高速公路龙溪隧道,根据现场监测位移值,对比模型试验及理论分析结果,对倾斜层状泥质岩层中隧道变异机理及支护措施进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
In order to study the regulation of apoptosis induced by Fas Fas ligand (FasL) system, a soluble isoform of mouse Fas was cloned from immature mouse's thymocyte with the primers designed according to the Fas full cDNA sequence in the GenBank.
为获得调节鼠FasFas配体系统诱导凋亡的作用,根据GenBank中小鼠Fas基因碱基序列,设计扩增可溶性Fas(solubleFas,sFas)引物,用RTPCR方法从幼鼠胸腺组织中被克隆出与人可溶性Fas类似的新的鼠sFas(FasC)cDNA序列.
was cloned:被克隆
By means of motility evaluation (n=40), the kremer's sperm-cervical mucus penetration test (n=13), and the sperm zona-free hamster egg penetration test(n=11), comparative studies on computerized staged-freezing and manually operated-freezing of human sperm were carried out.
本文应用精子活力评价(n=40)、Kremer`s精子宫颈粘液穿透试验(n=13)、去透明被带走地鼠卵穿透试验(n=11)对人类精液的程控仪液氮蒸气冷冻法与悬吊样品液氮蒸气冷冻法的冷冻效果进行了初步的探讨。
were carried:被带走
H.pylori antigens were located in the mucus layer and above the neck of the gland in 9 of 12 (75.0%) cases with chronic superficial gastritis, at the neck of the gland and the isthmus in 12 of 22 (54.5%) cases with precancerous changes, below the isthmus in 9 of 13 (69.2%) cases with gastric cancer (χ2=25.30,P
12例浅表性胃炎患者Hp抗原被发现的粘液层及腺颈部以上粘膜9例(75.0%),22例癌前变化患者Hp抗原被发现的腺颈部及峡部12例(54.5%),13例胃癌患者Hp抗原被发现的峡部以下粘膜9例(69.2%,χ2=25.30,P
were located:被发现的
Through the geologic drawing of fault zone and microscopic analysis of tectonic rook in the deformation monitoring caves of the Xiannushan fault and the Jiuwanxi fault, the samples of fault mud and calcite were selected and dated age by thermoluminescent (TL).
在仙女山、九湾溪两断层形变监测洞室中,通过对断裂带进行地质编录和对构造岩进行微观分析,挑被选中出断层泥与方解石两类样品进行热释光(TL)测年。
were selected:被选中
Hot corrosion is common phenomenon of the boiler pipes in power plants. It is also the main cause of the equipment damage. The corrosive dynamics rule of new high chromium alloy and NiCrFe-Cr3C2 arc-sprayed coating was studied at 700 ℃.
基于动力用煤在燃烧过程中产生的硫氧化物对电厂锅炉“四管”所造成腐蚀的严峻现状,对新型高铬合金和NiCrFe-Cr3C22种电弧喷涂涂层在700℃下的高温腐蚀动力学规律进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
The parametric design and validating of corrugated roller were studied on the basis of parametric design method and corrugate roller characteristic, and the corrugated roller computer aided design (CRCAD) system was developed.
文中基于瓦楞辊的特点和参数化设计的优越性,被研究瓦楞辊的参数化设计与校核,并开发瓦楞辊计算机辅助设计系统(简称CRCAD)。
were studied:被研究
Experiment two:Effects of metalloprotease on Fattening Pigs ProductivityFifty-four 130-day-old pigs with average weight 60kg were divided into six groups depending on the close body weight, similar cote, healthy body, close genetic, same sex, and average days were 130 days. The basic diet of testing group 1 was supplemented with 0.05% metalloprotease. And testing group 2 with 0.1% metalloprotease.
本实验选择平均日龄约为130天、平均体重约为60kg的54头育肥猪(杜×长×约杂交),按完全随机被分开组法被分开成6个组(经检验组间差异不显著),每组9头,在试验组1添加0.05%金属蛋白酶制剂,试验组2添加0.1%金属蛋白酶制剂,进行为期40天的饲养试验,研究金属蛋白酶制剂对育肥猪的生产性能。
were divided:被分开
In order to use and protect the resources of Eriocheir hepuensis Dai,the growth and ecological characterises of the crab were studied through wild investigation and experiments and found:Eriocheir hepuensis lives in fresh water and reproduces in seawater of salinity 8-25. Its life cycle includes five stages: spawn, zoea, megalopa,juvenile and adult. The growth and ecological characteristics in every stage are different.
为保护和开发合浦绒螯蟹资源,通过生态调查和养殖试验,被研究了该蟹的生长和生态特征,结果表明:该蟹在淡水中生长,在盐度8~25的海水中繁殖,其生活史包括卵、蚤状幼体、大眼幼体、幼蟹和成蟹5个阶段,各阶段的生长和生态特征各不相同。
were studied:被研究
According to the time standard, the craftsman mythology in the early period of China is divided into the originality craftsman mythology and the civilization craftsman mythology.
中国早期工匠神话按其产生的时间划被分开,可归为原始工匠神话和文明社会工匠神话两类。
is divided:被分开
The biomass, productivity and nutrient cycling of young Acacia crass icarpa plantation(1.5 to 4.5 years old) were studied in 3.5 years(from 05/2002 to 12/2005) period.
通过对厚荚相思人工幼林(1.5a～4.5a生)的生物量，生产力和养分循环进行为期3年半(2002年5月到2005年12月)的被研究，结果表明，厚荚相思的树高和胸径生长均随着林龄的增加而明显增大，但树高和胸径的平均生长量和连年生长量都呈下降的趋势。
were studied:被研究
In order to prevent corrosion punching of oil pipeline on ground in oilfield the effect Of pH value on corrosion behavior of low carbon steel inhigh salt contained waste water in a oilfield was studied with potentiodynamic technique and crevice corrosion test.
为了防止油田地面输油管线穿孔,利用动电位扫描法和缝隙腐蚀实验被研究了pH值对低碳钢在某油田高含盐污水中腐蚀行为的影响。
was studied:被研究
Those crispy fried ducks of the small cross in Kweiyang were opened in the past in Xingyi.
贵阳小十字的那些香酥鸭就是兴义过去被打开的。
were opened:被打开
The effect of carbon on hot corrosion behavior of IN-738 was studied with the fused-salt crucible method.
用坩埚熔盐腐蚀方法被研究了不同碳含量的IN-738合金的热腐蚀行为。
was studied:被研究
In order to obtain good results, samples shoud be crushed to 40 mesh, both ratios (W/V) of sample to aetheris and sample to saline solution were 1:8, each lasting for 8 hours.
血凝法测定饲料中lectin的含量时，其理想测定条件为，样品被压倒过40日、样品与30～60℃石油醚或乙醚比例(W／V)1：8脱脂8小时、样品与生理盐水(W／V)1：8抽提8小时。
be crushed:被压倒
Current studies suggest that some of these symbols were retained in the later formalized Indus script, much as ancient Mesopotamian and Egyptian symbols on pottery and clay tablets from around 3500 B.C.E. and 3200 B.C.E., respectively, later found their way into cuneiform and hieroglyphic writing.
最新的研究显示，这些符号中有些在日后正式的印度字母表中被保留了下来，和公元前约3500年刻在陶器、泥版上的美索不达米亚语符号，以及公元前约3200年刻在陶器、泥版上的埃及语符号，几乎一样古老（后面两种语言符号后来分别发展成楔形文字和象形文字）。
were retained:被保留
the figures and letters being not less than one decimetre in length and being marked by being cut in and painted white or yellow on a dark ground. or in such other way as the Director may approve;
数字及字母的高度须不少于１分米，并须刻入船身及在深色底上髹以白色或黄色漆，或以处长批准的其他方法被标记；
being marked:被标记
Methods The molluscicidal active component from the rootstalk of Eomecon Chionantha Hance was extracted and purified by using the method, 70% alcohol percolation, decompress concentrating, salting-out and so on.
方法采用70％乙醇渗漉被提取,用减压浓缩、酸解、盐析等方法纯化,被提取ECA原粉。
was extracted:被提取
The pressure change during the period of the cabin decompression was studied by experiment and theoretical calculation.
通过实验和理论计算的方法对座舱爆炸减压过程中压力变化进行了被研究,推导了座舱减压时间的计算公式;
was studied:被研究
In this method, the tile's edge feature is extracted by Canny operator and Radon transform first, and then the matching is made by rotating and shifting the image. The application of this method to surface defect detection of tiles is introduced.
提出了基于墙地砖边界特征的配准方法，该方法应用Canny算子和Radon变换进行墙地砖边界特征的被提取和检测，再通过图像旋转和平移实现基于墙地砖边界特征的配准，并用于规则图案墙地砖的表面缺陷检测。
is extracted:被提取
The two recombinant plasmids were transfected into the HepG2 cells, then the inhibition effect on HBV replication by the genome of the HBV defective virus was studyed by ELISA dot hybridization and semiquantitative PCR.
构建含乙肝缺陷病毒基因组的重组逆转录病毒载体和含乙肝病毒基因组的重组逆转录病毒载体，共转染HepG2细胞，ELISA、PCR方法和斑点杂交初步被研究乙肝缺陷病毒基因组对HBV复制的影响。
was studyed:被研究
Sixty patients with mild or moderate vascular dementia (MMSE score:10 21) were divided into oxiracetam group (n=30) and piracetam group (n=30) randomly.
60例轻、中度VD病人(MMSE评被分开10～21被分开),随机被分开为2组(奥拉西坦组和吡拉西坦组各30例)。
were divided:被分开
Project leader should help demonstrator to record down all the question being asked by the customer.
项目组长应该帮助演示者记录客户提到的被问到题。
being asked:被问到
DIA3 typing for human tissues was carried out by IEF- The results showed that the DIA3 typescould be demonstrated in testis, ovary, uterus and dental pulps;
应用超薄层PAGIEF对人体组织作DIA3分型，结果显示睾丸、卵巢、子宫肌和牙髓组织均可检出DIA3多型被带走。
was carried:被带走
This paper reported the roontgenographic cephalometry of ideal occulsion relation in 50 students of the Han nationality in Dalian area. In this study the Trophy's full denture curved surface cross section——skull location X-ray camera made in France was used for measurement.
本文报告了大连地区50名理想关系的汉族学生的x线片描图测量,所被使用的仪器是法国产trophy全口曲面断层——头颅定位x线摄影机。
was used:被使用
Methods:Forty New Zealand white rabbits were divided into two groups randomly: the control group(n=20) and the irradiation group(n=20). In the control group,balloon catheters were overstretched on abdominal aorta artery to denude endothelium.
方法:40只新西兰白兔随机被分开为对照组(n=20只)和照射组(n=20只),均行腹主动脉球囊内皮拉伤术。
were divided:被分开
When chardonnay dry wines were added, the conductivity of the win e was increasing. Moreover, the change of initial conductivity, descendant value of conductivity, content of K+ and Ca2 + were studied by using 200 mg/L d ose glycoproteins and the functional mechanism of saccharomyces cerevisiae m annoproteins to tartar stability tentatively was exposed.
并通过试验筛选加入甘露糖蛋白(200mg／L)对干白葡萄酒冷稳定处理作用中,初始电导率值变化、电导率下降值、K+和Ca2+含量变化的分析被研究,对冷稳定性处理后添加甘露糖蛋白,对葡萄酒酒石稳定性作用机理进行了试验被研究。
were studied:被研究
Methods: Thirty patients(B) were selected, who were divided into non- infectious obstructive jaundice group(C) and infectious obstructive jaun- dice group (D). Coned group me established.
方法：本研究共选取梗阻性黄症患者30倒（B），被分开为非感染性梗阻性黄疸组（C）及感染性梗阻性黄疸组（D）2个组，另设立对照组（A）。
were divided:被分开
This article points out that the digital resource construction is divided into two aspects: dig-itizing the literature of all subjects in the library and internalizing the digital information outside the library, and probes into the different construction principles and the different reference plans.
图书馆数字资源建设被分开两方面:馆内文献信息数字化,馆外文献馆内化,并被分开别探讨了各方面的建设原则及参考方案。
is divided:被分开
Semi-industrial experiments of hot- dip aluminizing of steel strip were carried out using non-oxidizing preheating furnace of semdzimir continuous line. Through exploration of the technology conditions optimal parameters for the aluminizing were found. Under these conditions the qualities and properties which conform to the ISO-5000 of aluminizing steel strip can be obtained.
用无氧化预热炉森吉米尔法进行钢被带走连续热镀铝的半工业试验,探索各种工艺条件,找出了最佳的热镀铝工艺参数,并镀出质量和性能符合ISO-5000的镀铝钢被带走。
were carried:被带走
Results According to results of the monitoring,93 hypertensive patients were divided dipper hypertension and non dipper hypertension. In non dipper, TXA2,NPY was significantly higher(TXA2: P< 0.01,NPY:P< 0.05),PGI2,CGRP was lower (P< 0.001).
结果93例高血压患者按动态血压监测结果被分开为杓型、非杓型组,在非杓型组中,TXA2、NPY明显增高(TXA2:P<0.01,NPY:P<0.05),PGI2,CGRP明显降低(P均<0.001);
were divided:被分开
Fraud is divided into fraud by a director and other fraud
欺诈被分开为董事欺诈和其他欺诈
is divided:被分开
This research showed a high yield Pleurotus ferulae Lenzi strain by low energy ion implantation that extraction methods of polysaccharide from mycelium were studied by orthogonal experiments, rotation and combinational design of quadric regression the basis of determination of the extraction rates of polysaccharides. The extracting conditions, ethanol precipitation, saline concentration, remove protein,H2O2 discolor had been discussed.
对离子束诱变筛选得到的阿魏菇菌株,进行了胞内多糖提取纯化试验,分别对影响多糖提纯的提取条件,醇析条件,盐析条件,去蛋白效率,H2O2脱色进行了被研究,并利用回归模型对工艺条件的最优组合、单因子效应进行了探讨。
were studied:被研究
As one writer said,"The colonies were settled largely by emigrants who were discontented or rebellious in spirit- by people who had failed to adjust themselves to their harsh lot (.) in the Old World....
就如一个作家说过：「被定居在殖民地的人大部分是心灵上不满或是抵抗的移民，他们无法适应在欧洲的一些无理要求…他们有些人厌倦了在所谓「比他们有社会地位」的人面前要脱帽起立的规矩。」
were settled:被定居
Conclusions The duration and effect of TRA pPCI for old AMI patients with stable hemodynamics are similar to TFA pPCI. The complications such as bleeding, vessel injury, thrombi and embolism by TRA pPCI are few, and it is unnecessary to discontinue the infusion of heparin. TRA pPCI might be selected as an access vessel for pPCI in AMI patients with stable hemodynamics.
结论　对血流动力学稳定的老年AMI患者,两种入径的pPCI治疗时程和效果相似,但TRApPCI组出血、血栓/栓塞等血管并发症少,且拔除鞘管时无须中断肝素抗凝治疗,可作为老年AMI患者PCI治疗时被选定择的血管途径之一
be selected:被选定
While the two\|stage models have been scrutinized through the different competition strategies and the applied conditions on pricing tendency, the optical discount rate, \$k\$, has been derived from the theoretical analysis.
两期模型分析了不同竞争手段和定价取向的应用条件,并推被导出始销优惠价格折扣率k的确定方法
been derived:被导出
With both PAP and immunofluorescence staining methods, we found a new kind of EK-positive epithelial cells, which were stained more strongly than the columnar or goblet cells and were very similar to the gut argyrophil cells in their shape and location.
应用PAP和间接免疫荧光被染了技术,观察到除柱状细胞、杯状细胞呈EK阳性外,还有一种EK强阳性且在上皮内的位置以及形态酷似嗜银细胞的上皮细胞。
were stained:被染了
Unique European gouge design, Adopted pressure and de-pressure principle. Three seals system can be selected and installed. Sound insulating, heatproofing, waterproofing and gas tightness performance is better.
独特的欧槽式设计，采用等压减压原理，可被选定配的内设三道密封系统，其隔音、隔热、防水、气密性能更佳。
be selected:被选定
Methods:Ad-GFP and Ad-aVEGF_ 165 cDNA were transfected into 293 cells, then adenovirus suspension was extracted by freezing and thawing 293 cells repeatedly and purified by CsCl_2 gradient centrifugation and titrated with fluorescence microscopy or cytopathetic effect (CPE).
方法:人胚肾293腺病毒包装细胞转染第3代Ad-GFP和Ad-aVEGF_(165)cDNA后,反复冻融293细胞,被提取腺病毒悬液,用氯化铯梯度离心法纯化腺病毒,在荧光显微镜下测定Ad-GFP的滴度,用空斑法测定Ad-aVEGF_(165)cDNA的滴度。
was extracted:被提取
Mechanism of maleic ahydirde (MAH) grafted to low density polyethylene (LDPE) by melting and the application of its product (LDPE-g-MAH) in polycarbonate/high density polyethylene (PC/HDPE) (80/20) blends were studied Effects of MAH content in a range of 1.25～10 phr and DCP content in a range of 0.125～1phr on graft ratio and gel content in the product were investigated.
利用熔融接枝的方法对于马来酸酐(MAH)接枝低密度聚乙烯(LDPE)的反应规律进行了被研究,并对接枝产物(LDPEgMAH)在聚碳酸酯/高密度聚乙烯(PC/HDPE)(80/20)共混物的影响进行了被研究。探讨了MAH用量在1.25～10份,DCP用量为0.125～1份范围内接枝产物中接枝率和凝胶的变化规律。
were studied:被研究
Results: The sonographic features of 93 cases of thyroid tumor focus proved by operational pathology were divided into: 21 cases of substantial low echo,13 cases of a bit stronger echo,52 cases of mixed echo,7 cases of dominantly cystic echo,and 5 cases of granular calcified spots with strong echo.
结果:93例经手术病理证实的甲状腺肿瘤病灶的声像图特征被分开为:实质性低回声21例,稍强回声13例,混合回声52例,囊性为主回声7例,微粒状强回声钙化点5例。
were divided:被分开
(2)the study on preparation of Kangshuansu(ISA) tablet and sustainedrelease tablet: the methods of granulation, the property of the granulate,the dosage of the excipients were selected by using the release degreeof Kangshuansu(ISA) in the tablets and the quality of the tablets as theindicators.
(2)抗栓素普通片、缓释片制备工艺:以片剂中抗栓素释放的情况、片剂制备的质量等为考察指标对影响片剂制备的制粒方法、颗粒性质、辅料用量等进行了工艺筛被选中,确立了采用颗粒压片的制粒方法、辅料比例、压片条件等最佳制备的工艺参数。采用确定的工艺参数进行了三批中试规模的样品生产。
were selected:被选中
The Karyotype and chromosome numbers of 3 species(Chorthippus qingzangensis Ying,Angaracris rhodopa F.-W.and Epacromius coerulipes Ivan.) of the local grasshopper from Qinghai Alpine Meadow were studied with method of conventional cytogenetics. The results indicate that the chromosome numbers of Chorthippus qingzangensis Ying are 2n()=17=16+XO.
用常规染色体制片方法对青海高山草地三种土蝗即青藏雏蝗、红翅皱膝蝗和大垫尖翅蝗的染色体数目和核型的被研究结果:青藏雏蝗的染色体数目为2n()=17=16+XO;
were studied:被研究
The radial variation patterns of wood density in19 Chinese fir provenances were studied by means of X-ray wood densitometry.
以微密度分析对19个种源杉木的木材密度径向变异模式进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
Using 100 single-primers, onion CMS(cytoplasmic male sterility)line A and its maintainer B were studied by means of RAPD.
运用RAPD技术对洋葱细胞质雄性不育系A和相应保持系B的线粒体DNA(mtDNA)进行了100个单引物的多态性被研究。
were studied:被研究
"You know there is a lot of talk about how some in the world don't appreciate America," he said. "Well, I can assure you that those who have been helped by our military appreciate America."
布什说：“很多人说世界上一些国家不懂得感激美国，不过我可以向你保证，那些得到我们军队被帮助的人感激美国。”
been helped:被帮助
Mr, Kibaki came to Nairobi against the advice of many who thought he might be better off staying at home in light of the ethnic violence gripping his country. His rival in December's disputed election, Orange Democratic Movement leader Raila Odinga, was refused the opportunity to attend, and party leaders had accused the African Union of favoring Mr. Kibaki in the election dispute.
许多人认为，考虑到肯尼亚目前发生的民族暴力活动，齐贝吉待在自己的国家里要好一些。但是他没有听从这些人的劝告，来到内罗毕。非盟被拒绝让他在12月有争议的选举中的对手、橙色民主运动的领导人奥廷加出席这次会议。橙色民主运动的领导人指责非盟在有关选举的争端中偏向齐贝吉。
was refused:被拒绝
Subcommittee chairman, Democratic Congressman William Delahunt, is among lawmakers who say the United States bears a special obligation. "This sad reality imposes a moral responsibility on this administration and this Congress, for we cannot deny that the proximate cause of this human tragedy is the invasion of Iraq and its aftermath. It is believed by many that this is an American-made crisis," he said.
众议院民主党派籍分会主席德拉亨特是认为美国对此负有特别责任的议员之一。德拉亨特说：“本届政府与国会对这个悲惨现实负有道义责任，因为我们无法否认，造成这个人类悲剧的可能原因是伊拉克战争和战争带来的后果。很多人被认为这是美国制造的危机。”
is believed:被认为
Following his meeting in Sochi with Russian president-elect Dmitri Medvedev, Mr. Bush was asked whether he was able to judge his soul as he did Mr. Putin's after their first meeting 22 summits ago in Ljubljana. Mr. Bush said that Dmitri Medvedev seems forthright, but is not yet president.
布什总统在索契与俄罗斯总统当选人德米特里.梅德韦杰夫举行了会谈之后，有记者被问到布什总统，他是否能够像第一次和普京在卢布尔雅那举行峰会之后就能够判断普京的灵魂那样，判断梅德韦杰夫的灵魂。布什已经和普京举行了22次峰会。布什说，梅德韦杰夫似乎很直率，但是目前他尚未就任总统。
was asked:被问到
During the session with reporters, Mr. Bush was asked about Afghan President Hamid Karzai's threat to send troops into bordering Pakistan to target terrorists.
在联合记者会上，有记者被问到布什对阿富汗总统卡尔扎伊威胁要派军队进入巴基斯坦打击恐怖分子的看法。
was asked:被问到
The secretary-general of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), Tendai Biti, says militias of the ruling ZANU-PF party are being armed and are attacking MDC supporters in what he called massive post-election violence.
反对派争取民主变革运动的秘书长比提说，非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线的民兵正在被武装起来，在他所称的选举后的大规模暴力活动中攻击争取民主变革运动的支持者。
being armed:被武装
Two months after his February inauguration, Mr. Lee arranged a deal to fully resume imports of virtually all cuts of U.S. beef. The imports were banned in 2003, after an American animal was found to have the fatal brain condition known as "mad cow disease." It is theoretically possible for humans to contract a version of the disease by eating tainted meat.
李明博二月份宣誓就职。两个月后，他达成了全面恢复进口美国牛肉的协议，批准几乎所有部位的美国牛肉都可以进口韩国。在美国2003年发现一头牛患上致命的疯牛病后，韩国曾经被禁止进口美国牛肉。从理论上讲，人类食用感染上疯牛病的牛肉有可能感染类似的脑部致命疾病。
were banned:被禁止
He said the aid shift was raised by Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmoud Qureshi in his Washington visit earlier this month, and that the administration believes it is a way to both enhance the Islamabad government's anti-terrorism capabilities, and ease its financial burden in the face of soaring energy and food prices.
他说，这笔援助资金的转移是巴基斯坦外长古瑞西在本月初访问华盛顿时提出的。布什政府认为，这样做能提被提升巴基斯坦政府反恐能力并在能源及食品价格上涨的局面下减轻他们的财务重负。
was raised:被提升
The pope said humanitarian corridors should be opened so that the dead can receive a dignified burial, the wounded can be properly treated and people can rejoin their loved ones.
教皇说，应该被打开通人道主义通道，这样死者才能得到有尊严的葬礼，伤员才能得到及时的治疗，人们才能跟他们的家人团聚。
be opened:被打开
Near the end of last year, when its price was above 1,000, more than 100,000 coins were being traded daily on BTC China, a local exchange.
去年年末，比特币价格高于1,000美元，作为国内比特币被交易平台，比特币中国那时的日被交易量超过10万比特币。
being traded:被交易
Sales of Chinese-branded passenger vehicles have collapsed in the world’s largest car market, sharpening a debate about whether the sector should be opened further to foreign investors.
中国国产品牌的乘用车在国内市场（全球最大汽车市场）销量大幅下跌，激化了有关汽车行业是否应当进一步对外国投资者被打开放的辩论。
be opened:被打开
Suggestions by government officials that the ceiling on foreign investment should be raised have sparked an intense debate about the future of Chinese brands, which have struggled to compete with their foreign-invested rivals and imports.
政府官员有关外资上限应当调被提升的提议，激起了有关中国国产汽车品牌未来发展的一场激烈辩论，国产品牌在与外资竞争对手以及进口汽车的竞争中处境艰难。
be raised:被提升
Formulas of an inorganic high-temperature ceramic coating was studied quantificationally with a method of uniform design.
摘要采用配方均匀设计方法，对无机耐高温腐蚀陶瓷涂料的配方进行了定量被研究。
was studied:被研究
The grease material is selected from stearine acid, glycol tristearate and mountain - elm glyceride.
该脂质材料被选中自硬脂酸、三硬脂酸甘油酯和山榆酸甘油酯。
is selected:被选中
The curriculum was divided into the qadrivium and the trivium.
课程被分开为四大科和三学科。
was divided:被分开
The dynamical model of multi - body restriction of body system was studied in this paper.
本文围绕人体系统多体约束开展了动力学模型被研究。
was studied:被研究
This community is saying goodbye to husbands, fathers and sons. For some, the grief is compounded by anger, by a belief that all of this could have been avoided by better safety standards at the mine.
哀悼的人们向丈夫，父亲和儿子永别。对一些人来说，悲伤中还夹杂着愤怒的情绪，他们认为如果煤矿能够实施更好的安全标准，一切都是可以被避免的。
been avoided:被避免
The whole country goes respectfully silent during the exams. Flights are re-routed, and people are banned from honking car horns near the exam rooms nationwide. Outside the exam halls, anxious parents wait, many having spent weeks attending temples to make offerings to ensure success. Exam hall monitors are not allowed to wear high heels or perfume for fear of distracting the students.
（沪江小编评点）举国上下在考试期间都出于尊重而保持安静。飞机改期，人们也被禁止在全国范围内的考点附近鸣喇叭。考场外是焦虑的在等待的家长。考点的监考人员也不允许穿高跟鞋或者洒香水，担心会因此而分散考生的注意力。
are banned:被禁止
Third, the government manages economic and social affairs mainly through administrative means. Many of the matters that should have been otherwise dealt with by legislation or through social inter-medium orgaznizations are managed by extra government departments thus creating extra responsibilities for the government.
第三，政府主要依靠行政手段来被管理经济和社会事务。许多本来应该运用法律手段或者通过社会中介组织来处理的事物，却通过设立政府机构加以被管理，使政府负担过重。
are managed:被管理
Although westerners sometimes balk at the sight of a entire fish lying on a plate, in China a fish served whole is a symbol of prosperity. In fact, at a banquet it is customary to serve the whole fish last, pointed toward the guest of honor. Fish also has symbolic significance because the Chinese word for fish, yu, sounds like the word for riches or abundance, and it is believed that eating fish will help your wishes come true in the year to come.
尽管西方人看到一整条鱼躺在盘子里有时会犹豫不前，然而在中国，端上的整条鱼是富饶的象征。事实上，宴会的习俗是最后端上整鱼，鱼头对着贵宾。鱼的象征意义也来自于中文中鱼的发音，和表示富有和充裕的“余”同音，而且人们被认为吃鱼会让他们在来年心想事成。
is believed:被认为
Sergei Shuvainikov is a deputy in the Crimean parliament. He said voters would be asked two questions. First, do you vote for the reunion of Crimea with the Russian Federation, as a subject of the Russian Federation? Second, do you vote for the restoration of the 1992 constitution and for Crimea to be part of Ukraine?
克里米亚议会议员谢尔盖·舒瓦伊尼科夫说，公投包括两个被问题。第一，你支持克里米亚重新加入俄罗斯联邦，成为俄罗斯联邦领土吗？第二，你支持恢复克里米亚1992年宪法，赞成克里米亚是乌克兰的一部分吗？
be asked:被问
Police, who raided the criminal operation, said they also found beef tripe, cartilage and other out-of-date animal organs-all of which had been smuggled across the border from neighbouring Vietnam.
参与本次突袭犯罪活动的警察说，他们还发现了牛百叶、软骨和其它早已过期的动物器官，这些都是从邻国越南被走私来的。
been smuggled:被走私
According to Lusa, the Macau government is in the viability study phase of extending the airport, which was opened in 1995 and in 2005 received a total of 4.3 million passengers.
据卢萨社称，澳门政府正在做机场扩建的可行性研究。该机场于1995年被打开放使用，2005年总接纳旅客430万人次。
was opened:被打开
The minister also said the tourism projects were located in the provinces of Niassa, Cabo delgado and Nampula.
这些旅游项目被发现的尼亚萨省、德尔加杜角省、楠普拉省。
were located:被发现的
The second-largest offer came from a Chinese state company and was of uS$750 million. Proposals were opened Monday.
中国国家石油公司的报价为7.5亿美元，仅次于埃尼公司。周一举行了被打开标。
were opened:被打开
Dili, East Timor, 20 April–Five companies have presented nine proposals for six of the 11 blocs up for tender for oil exploration in the Timor Sea, all of which were opened Thursday in Dili in the presence of the country's prime minister, Mari Alkatiri.
东帝汶帝力4月20日电－五家公司为获得帝汶海11个石油区块的勘探权提交了9份标书。周四在此间被打开标，东帝汶总理马里•阿尔卡蒂里出席了被打开标仪式。
were opened:被打开
The refinery, Manuel Vicente said,“is a cape Verde government project, ”and when it goes ahead,“Sonangol will be involved, so long as it is invited to do so.”
曼努埃尔•文森特称，该炼油厂“是佛得角政府的一个项目”，当开展该项目时，“只要Sonangol接到邀被邀请，就会参与”。
is invited:被邀请
The loan is divided in several blocks: US$1.2 billion over seven years, US$700 million over six years, US$100 million over five year and US$500 million over five years.
此笔贷款被分开为几个部被分开：12亿美元的7年期贷款，7亿美元的6年期贷款，1亿美元的5年期贷款和5亿美元的5年期贷款。
is divided:被分开
Shenzhen, China, 31 Oct–The Angolan ambassador to the People's Republic of China, Jo ão Manuel Bernardo, said Monday in Shenzhen that there was a possibility that an air route between Beijing and Luanda would be opened up.
中国深圳10月31日电－安哥拉驻华大使若奥•曼努埃尔•贝尔纳多周一在此间称，中国与安哥拉可能被打开通北京－罗安达航线。
be opened:被打开
The budget proposal for 2007 was defended in parliament by Mozambican Finance Minister, Manuel Chang, who said that the revenue projection for next year was 32.5 billion metical, while expenditure would total around 70.9 billion metical(around US$2.8 billion).
在议会中，莫桑比克财政部长曼努埃尔•郑为2007年预算提案进行了被辩护。他说，明年的预计收入为325亿梅蒂卡尔，支出约达709亿梅蒂卡尔(约为28亿美元)。
was defended:被辩护
The 1998 law stipulated that if an employer wanted to fire an employee for“structural, technological or market reasons, ”they would have to pay 45 days of salary when the worker had been employed for between three and six months and 90 days of salary when the employment period was between six months and two years.
1998年劳动法规定，如果雇主以“结构、技术或市场原因”解雇一名被聘用，若该被聘用的工龄为3－6个月，雇主就需要向该被聘用支付45天的薪水；若该被聘用的工龄为6个月至两年，就需要支付90天的薪水。
been employed:被聘用
The company said in a statement that on June 9 it had begun exploration work on the Massambala-1 well, the first of at least five to be opened in the Cabinda Sul bloc.
荆棘鸟公司在一份声明中称，该公司已经于今年6月9日被打开始在Massambala-1号井进行勘探。南卡宾达区块至少勘探5个油井，Massambala-1号井是第一个。
be opened:被打开
Macau International Airport, opened in 1995 with a capacity for 6 million passengers per year, was used by 4.9 visitors to the territory in 2006.
澳门国际机场于1995年投入被使用，每年的旅客运输能力为600万人次，2006年共接纳旅客490万人次。
was used:被使用
The first diamond cutting factory(Angola Polishing Diamond) was opened in 2005 at an estimated investment of US$10 million, with a caoacity to produce cut diamonds valued at US$20 million per month.
第一家钻石切割厂(安哥拉抛光钻石厂)于2005年被打开业，据估计投资额为1000万美元，每月生产的切割钻石价值2000万美元。
was opened:被打开
Neto noted that Sao Paulo“is the largest city in Latin America and in it are concentrated the main multinational companies and excellence of services, ”and was enthusiastic about the possibilities that could be opened up with meetings of the Forum for Economic and Commercial Cooperation between China and the Portuguese-speaking Countries.
内图指出，圣保罗是“拉美最大的城市，有大型跨国公司和优秀的服务”。他希望圣保罗的商业中心能在中国－葡语国家经贸合作论坛（澳门）会议举行期间被打开放。
be opened:被打开
“Some Brazilian food brands, such as an Italian restaurant, have received requests and have been invited to look over the locations. Our idea is to make use in 2008 of some of the commercial areas of these growing casinos to take Brazilian brands.”
“意大利餐厅等巴西食品品牌已经收到了开店邀被邀请和到现场视察的邀被邀请。我们计划在2008年利用这些迅速发展的赌场的一些商业店面销售巴西品牌。”
been invited:被邀请
Chingunji noted that in 2007 six hotels were opened and said he hopes that the number of new projects would rise in 2008.
辛古吉指出，2007年有六家酒店被打开业，希望2008年有更多的酒店被打开业。
were opened:被打开
That year an 860 kilometre gas pipeline was opened linking the wells in Mozambique to the South African industrial region of Secunda, at a total investment of US$1.2 billion.
2004年，共被打开放了连接莫桑比克的油井和南非瑟孔达工业区860公里的天然气管道，总投资额达12亿美元。
was opened:被打开
Uime also said that the greatest phosphorus potential in Angola was located in the provinces of Zaire and Cabinda.
Uime还表示，安哥拉潜力最大的磷矿被发现的扎伊尔省和卡宾达省。
was located:被发现的
The director noted that, alongside this work, it would be necessary for Mozambique to join the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme(KPCS), which is a process designed to eliminate trade of“conflict diamonds, ”stones which are traded for arms and which fund armed conflict in African nations.
Matine指出，在此项工作进行的同时，莫桑比克必须加入金伯利进程证书制度（KPCS）。该制度旨在打击“冲突钻石”被交易，防止非洲国家用钻石换武器，用钻石收入为武装冲突提供资金。
are traded:被交易
But experts say oxytocin, the so-called love hormone, is released during many types of touching, including cuddling.
但专家们说，催产素，也就是所谓的“爱情荷尔蒙”，会在人们拥抱或做很多其他种抚摸动作时被释放出来。
is released:被释放
Causes of death were tracked during the study period by reviewing death certificates; 277 deaths were the result of suicide.
对于研究期间发生的死亡案例，研究人员会查看死亡证明书以被跟踪死因；277例死亡源于自杀。
were tracked:被跟踪
Off-road capability in the Macan comes in the form of an Off-road mode optimized to provide traction in dirt and snow; the suspension can be raised for an approach angle of 26.6 degrees and departure angle of 23.6 degrees — decent figures considering the smaller nature of this vehicle.
Macan的越野性能体现在其越野模式，该模式专门进行了优化从而能在泥地和雪地情况下提供牵引力，该车的悬挂可以调被提升至接近角26.6度而离出角23.6度——考虑到该车身材较小，这是非常不错的数字。
be raised:被提升
5. Take time before responding. This is another mistake I've often made. When approached with a request, my instinctive reaction has been 'Sure, I can do that!' To avoid saying Yes under pressure, or reacting emotionally to a request, take a few hours or a day before responding. Figure out whose interests are at stake, what's really being asked of you, and whether it makes sense to say Yes.
5. 在答复前三思而后行。这是另一个我自己也经常犯的错误。每当别人有求于我的时候，我的本能反应就是“当然，这件事交给我没被问到题”。要避免迫于压力仓促同意，或是对他人的请求感情用事，应在答复请求前花几个小时或是一天的时间考虑一下。想清楚其中的利害关系、你真正要付出的代价以及同意这个请求是否合情合理。
being asked:被问到
Japanese chopsticks have also been made from silver and gold, especially for use in royal households where food tasters were employed. There was a time when it was believed precious metals would turn black when in contact with certain poisons. Japan's royalty may have lost some of its food tasters to this myth.
日本的筷子同样也有银做的和金做的，特别是皇室里那些仆人试菜时就经常要使用到。有一段时间，人们被认为当接触到有毒物质时，那些珍贵的金属是会变黑的，所以日本的皇室的试菜仆人很有可能因为这样子虚乌有的理论而丧生。
was believed:被认为
None of this absolutely proves Dr Elia's hypothesis. But it looks plausible. If she is right, facial beauty ceases to be an arbitrary characteristic and instead becomes a reliable marker of underlying desirable behaviour. It is selected for both in the ways beautiful children are brought up, and in the number of children the beautiful have. Face it.
这些研究都不能完全证明伊利亚博士的假说。但这个假说貌似挺有道理的。如果她的假设正确，那么美貌就不再是偶然获得的特质，而是积极的社会行为被选中择的结果，美貌成了这种行为的可靠标记。这种被选中择包含两个方面，一是漂亮的小孩成长更顺利，一是漂亮的人会生育更多小孩。直面这个现实吧。
is selected:被选中
Fishing is a legendarily hazardous occupation, particularly Alaskan shellfishing, and fatalities have been elevated in recent years. High compensation helps offset the risks and seasonal fluctuations that come with the work.
捕鱼是一个具有传奇色彩的危险职业，尤其是阿拉斯加的贝壳类捕捞。近年来该行业的死亡率一直不断升被提升。被提升薪酬有助于弥补工作中的风险以及季节性波动。
been elevated:被提升
3. From this point on, everyone must eat fully-cooked food, eggs too cannot be eaten too soft, the H7N9 virus cannot survive being heated at 65 ℃ for 30 minutes and at 100 ℃ for two minutes. You must not allow yourself to get sick, be sure to stay warm, don't hang around places with poultry, and for now don't eat any poultry products. Remember to also diligently wash your hands, and not give the virus the chance to enter your body. Everyone take care of your health!
从现在开始一定要吃煮熟的东西，鸡蛋也不能吃嫩的呢！H7N9病毒在65℃高温下加被加热30分钟和100℃高温下加被加热2分钟就不能存活了。一定不要让自己生病，注意保暖，接触家禽，不要吃家禽类食物。勤洗手，不要给病毒入侵机会。大家注意身体！
being heated:被加热
When a large amount of stress is built up in the Earth's crust, it will mostly be released in a single large earthquake, but some smaller-scale cracking in the build-up to the break will result in precursor earthquakes.
当地壳中的压力大量积聚，这些压力就会以单个的强震的方式被释放出来，但是在这些内聚力量爆发之前会产生一些小规模的震动，这些小的震动就可以成为地震前的先兆事件。
be released:被释放
Radon is a natural, radioactive gas in the Earth's crust that is released and dissolves into groundwater when the rock breaks.
氡气是一种存在于地壳中的天然的，具有放射性的气体，当岩体破裂后就会从地壳中被释放出来，溶入水中。
is released:被释放
His advice to us students was that for memorization purposes, there are forty minutes each day in which our memory is vastly more receptive than it is during the other 23 hours and 20 minutes. This 40-minute "super memory" period is divided into two parts: the 20 minutes before we sleep, and the 20 minutes after we first awake.
他告诉我们这些学生，人在一天之中有40被分开钟记忆力最强，接收能力超过其余23小时20被分开。而这“记忆超强”的40被分开钟又可以被分开为两段：临睡前的20被分开钟和醒来后的20被分开钟。
is divided:被分开
Today, more than 2,100 schools around the globe on six different continents are using MinecraftEdu at a variety of grade levels — from kindergarten to high school and even at some universities. The game is being used to teach almost every subject from history to art to science. Levin said this array of subjects and grade levels speaks to how open and flexible it is.
如今，全球六大洲超过2,100多所学校的不同年级都在被使用MinecraftEdu——从幼儿园到高中，甚至还包括一些大学。从历史到美术再到科学，几乎所有的科目教学中都可以见到这一游戏的身影。莱文说，适用科目和年级的广泛性说明了该游戏强大的开放度和灵活性。
being used:被使用
BBVA recognizes employees for their dedication through the annual BBVA Passion Awards. More than 2,000 executives can nominate employees for a Passion Award using a designated web application. Twelve individual winners and six teams are selected globally. Each of the individual awards is accompanied by a "success story," identifying the outstanding behaviors of the respective employee, while the "Team Award" recognizes and celebrates the best projects launched during the current fiscal year. In addition to the Passion Awards, each business area with BBVA has country-specific recognition programs.
西班牙对外银行（BBVA）通过年度BBAV激情奖，表彰员工对公司所做的贡献。这家公司2,000多名高管都可使用专用网页应用，推荐候被选中人。公司每年会在全球被选中出十二名个人和六支团队。每个个人奖项都有一个“成功故事”，以表扬获奖员工的出色表现，而“团队奖”则用于表彰和祝贺在当前财年启动的最佳项目。除激情奖外，BBVA每一个业务领域均有针对每个特定国家的表彰计划。
are selected:被选中
In essence, cooking — including not only heat but also mechanical processes such as chopping and grinding — outsources some of the body's work of digestion so that more energy is extracted from food and less expended in processing it. Cooking breaks down collagen, the connective tissue in meat, and softens the cell walls of plants to release their stores of starch and fat. The calories to fuel the bigger brains of successive species of hominids came at the expense of the energy-intensive tissue in the gut, which was shrinking at the same time — you can actually see how the barrel-shaped trunk of the apes morphed into the comparatively narrow-waisted Homo sapiens. Cooking freed up time, as well; the great apes spend four to seven hours a day just chewing, not an activity that prioritizes the intellect.
本质上来说，烹饪——不仅包括加热，还包括切割和研磨等物理加工过程——分担了人体的一部分消化工作，从而人体就可以被提取更多能量，减少加工过程中所耗费的能量。烹饪使胶原蛋白、肉类中的结缔组织得到分解，还可以软化植物细胞壁，从而释放出其中所贮藏的淀粉和脂肪。随着人类科属物种大脑的不断变大，原本大量消耗能量的内脏组织，会有一部分卡路里转向供应大脑，此时内脏则不断缩小——从猿人的水桶腰到智人相对较细的腰围，你可以从这一进化过程中看出究竟。烹调还可以节省时间；猿人每天光咀嚼就要花4到7个小时的时间，而咀嚼并不是智人所关心的首要问题。
is extracted:被提取
While many students are hot on playing computer games or exercising outside, Wang Chen, 20, prefers sitting quietly in an empty classroom with his peers. The only sound is when a playing piece is moved on the wooden board. They are playing weiqi, called "Go" in English.
许多学生都热衷于电脑游戏和户外运动，而20岁的王琛却喜欢和同伴们坐在空荡荡的教室下围棋。教室里安静得只能听见棋盘上棋子被移动的声音。英文中，围棋的名字叫“Go”。
is moved:被移动
"By the mid-19th century it was being used more approvingly, and it is still popularly used to describe works by 17th-century Dutch and Flemish painters"
到19世纪中叶,此词增加了褒意,人们也极普遍地被使用此词来指17世纪荷兰和法兰德斯画家的作品,
being used:被使用
"In World War II, control-system theory was applied to anti-aircraft batteries and fire-control systems."
第二次世界大战时,控制系统理论被应用到高射炮和射击控制系统
was applied:被应用
"Road systems developed to facilitate trade in early civilizations; the first major road extended 1,775 mi (2,857 km) from the Persian Gulf to the Aegean Sea and was used c. 3500-300 BC."
"道路系统在早期文明中是为了因应商业发展,第一条大道是从波斯湾到爱琴海的长2,857公里的道路,于公元前3500～公元前300年被使用."
was used:被使用
"makes any die, block, machine or other instrument for the purpose of forging, or of being used for forging, a trade mark; disposes of or has in his possession any die, block, machine or other instrument for the purpose of forging a trade mark;"
制造印模,电版,机器或其他工具以作伪造,或被使用作伪造商标用途;处置或拥有印模,电版,机器或其他工具以作伪造商标用途;
being used:被使用
A company which is merged or divided shall apply for registration within 90 days from the date of making the resolution or decision of merger or division,
公司被合并,分立的,应当自被合并,分立决议或者决定做出之日起90日后申请登记,
is merged:被合并
Chaoshan music is divided into the two broad categories of indoor and outdoor:
潮汕音乐被分开广场乐和室内乐两大类:
is divided:被分开
George and his friends caused a tragedy at their school. Boris, the young grandson of an old friend of Edouard, had been invited to join a secret society if he would perform the act of initiation
乔治和他的朋友们在学校里搞出了一场惨剧.有人邀被邀请爱德华老友的孙子鲍里斯加入一个秘密团体,条件是要履行下述仪式:
been invited:被邀请
Its narrative structure is divided into three parts:
它为叙事性多段套曲结构,被分开为三大部被分开:
is divided:被分开
The Chinese word for crisis is divided into two characters, one meaning danger and the other meaning opportunity.--Burejer, British writer
中文的"危机"被分开为两个字,一个意味着危险,另外一个意味着机会.英国作家布瑞杰
is divided:被分开
The chinese word for crisis is divided into two characters, one meaning danger and the other meaning opportunity. (Burejer, British writer)
中文的"危机"被分开为两个字,一个意味着危险,另外一个意味着机会.(英国作家布瑞杰)
is divided:被分开
The forests are divided into the following five categories:
森林被分开为以下五类:
are divided:被分开
Turn the cap only to the first stop to permit any pressure in the system to be released through the overflow tube. Then turn the cap further to remove it
稍微转动一下水箱盖,使系统内的压力通过溢流管被释放掉,然后继续转动水箱盖直至卸掉
be released:被释放
Under the U.S. constitution, the Federal Government is divided into three branches, the executive, legislative and judicial, each supposed to be independent and able to check and balance each other
根据美国宪法,联邦政府被分开行政,立法,司法等三个方面,各方相互独立且又能彼此制衡
is divided:被分开
Whoever, for the purpose of reaping profits, resells cultural relics, the transaction of which is banned by the state
以牟利为目的,倒卖国家被禁止经营的文物,
is banned:被禁止
a directory can't be moved on one of its subdirectories!
它的的一个目录不能是被移动在之上一个subdirectories!
be moved:被移动
specify the file types / extensions that you wish to be opened automatically by ultraedit when double clicked in the explorer.
指定当双击文件管理器内你想要ultraedit自动打被打开的文件类型/扩展名
be opened:被打开
test to see if the file was corrupted during compression
测试到请参阅如果文件是被腐败在期间压缩
was corrupted:被腐败
the active desktop center is divided into two main parts. along the top, the deskbar acts as your starting point. you can use it to navigate between your desktops and to customize your desktop settings.
这活动的桌面中央是被分开离进入二主要的部被分开.沿着这顶,这deskbaracts作为你的启动中轴点.你可以使用它到操纵在中间你的桌面并且到自定义你的桌面设置.
is divided:被分开
the direct edit mode requires exclusive access to the sound file. therefore, the sound file can only be opened once.
文件%s是已经打被打开.
be opened:被打开
the figures and letters being not less than one decimetre in length and being marked by being cut in and painted white or yellow on a dark ground. or in such other way as the Director may approve;
数字及字母的高度须不少于1分米,并须刻入船身及在深色底上髹以白色或黄色漆,或以处长批准的其他方法被标记;
being marked:被标记
the file you tried to open is audio only, it cannot be opened when audio is muted.
文件你尝试到打被打开是仅音频,它不能是打被打开何时音乐是静音.
be opened:被打开
the output file couldn't be opened (out of disk space?).
这输出文件是打被打开(的外部磁盘空间?).
be opened:被打开
Although G8 financial authorities broadly agree that a panic sell-off of hedge-fund positions could trigger a general crisis, they are divided over how best to forestall such a disaster.
虽然8国集团金融当局原则上同意对冲基金如果发生恐慌性抛售，但是财长们在如何避免灾难上存在被分开歧。
are divided:被分开
As a kind of cement retarder, normal setting time and good effect for mechanical properties and soundness of cement can got when adding desulfurization gypsum in cement, so it can used instead of natural gypsum to produce cement entirely, coal gangue is activated and coal ash desulfurized have good active, can improve cement output and also can depress consumption when them used as mixed material, have well economic and environmental effects.
脱硫石膏作水泥缓凝剂时，水泥的安定性、凝结时间正常，可改善水泥的力学性能，完全可替代天然石膏；被激活后的煤矸石和脱硫煤灰具有较好的活性，用作水泥混合材可增加水泥产量、降低生产成本，具有良好的经济和环境效益。
is activated:被激活
According to Tessa Hill, a geologist at the University of California, Davis, more methane is released into the atmosphere from ocean deposits during periods of warming than previously thought.
根据加州大学的研究，在全球变暖期间，海洋中储存中的甲烷气体的被释放量比以前想像的更多。
is released:被释放
And at once his mouth was opened and his tongue loosed, and he began to speak in praise of God.
路撒迦利亚的口立时被打开了、舌头也舒展了、就说出话来、称颂神。
was opened:被打开
According to the relationship between different sensitive degree of monitoring displacement and quantity of monitoring information, the sensitive zones of displacement to the fluctuation of reservoir water level are divided into different degrees the approach of fuzzy pattern recognition.
根据位移的变化对库水变化敏感程度的不同与监测信息量获取大小的关系，采用模糊模式识别方法对三峡库区水库型滑坡位移场变化对水库水位变化的敏感程度进行数值被分开区。
are divided:被分开
At least five foreigners have been kidnapped in Iraq this month -- including two Kenyan communications engineers and an American journalist.
1月至少有五名外国人在伊拉克遭到被绑架，包括两名肯尼亚通讯工程师和一名美国记者。
been kidnapped:被绑架
According to the life cycle theory, the development of industrial cluster is divided into four stages: formation, growth, maturation and decline.
摘要根据生命周期理论，产业集群的发展被分开为四个阶段：形成期、成长期、成熟期和衰退期。
is divided:被分开
Any random mutation in an intron that proved beneficial to the host organism would have been retained natural selection.
插入子内任何偶然的突变，只要对宿主有利，就会在天择的筛选下被保留。
been retained:被保留
Abstract: On the basis of summing up the enforcment and popularity of agricultural overall design, the cybernetics and control method of agricultural system， were studied and applied in practice.
文摘:在总结农业总体设计实施与推广的基础上，对农业系统控制理论与控制方法进行了被研究，并在实践中进行了应用。图4，表1。
were studied:被研究
A Japanese CW unit in the Battle of Shanghai.The photo demonstrates that poison gas was used Japanese forces even early in the war.
日军化学兵在上海市区战斗中。这张照片证明日军在战争一开始就被使用了化学武器。
was used:被使用
A company which is merged or divided shall apply for registration within 9days from the date of making the resolution or decision of merger or division, and should submit the merger agreement and resolution or decision of merger of division, the certificates of the company's public notices of the merger or division carried in a newspaper at least three times and the illustration of paying deor of deassurance.
公司被合并、分立的，应当自被合并、分立决议或者决定作出之日起90日后申请登记，提交被合并协议和被合并、分立决议或者决定以及公司在报纸上登载公司被合并、分立公告至少三次的证明和债务清偿或者债务担保情况的说明。
is merged:被合并
A fuel economy model was set up for the engine and on its basis the matching strategy for continuously variable transmission with the engine was studied and the relationship between engine goal rpm and vehicle speed was determined.
摘要建立了发动机燃油经济性模型，并在此基础上被研究了发动机与无级变速传动系统的匹配策略，确定了发动机的目标转速与车速的关系。
was studied:被研究
According to the technical requirement of biological filter media market, several porous materials (inorganic or organic) are selected as biological filter media in sewage disposal.
摘要根据目前国内生物填料市场的技术需求，被选中取几种多孔材料（无机或有机，块状或纤维状），作为污水处理生物填料。
are selected:被选中
Abstract: In all kinds of materials, the existence of a stress singularity was studied widely engineers.
文摘:在各种材料中，出现的应力奇异性已为工程技术人员的科学被研究提供了丰富的素材。
was studied:被研究
Article 1Vocational school education is divided into three levels, namely, elementary, secondary and tertiary.
第十三条职业学校教育被分开为初等、中等、高等职业学校教育。
is divided:被分开
As the temperature of a liquid is raised its vapor pressure increases very rapidly.
液体蒸汽压随着其温度的升被提高而十分迅速的增加。
is raised:被提高
A substance, such as stone, sand, salt, or coal, that is extracted or obtained from the ground or
矿物一种物质，如石头、沙子、盐或煤，从土地或水中被提取或获得，用于经济运行中
is extracted:被提取
A town of north-central Connecticut east of Hartford. It was settled in1672. Population, 49,761
曼彻斯特镇美国康涅狄格州中北部的一座城镇，位于哈特福德东面。1672年始有人被定住，人口49，761
was settled:被定住
After the review and analysis of a large quantity of literature and comparison of the many composting systems, the Forced Aeration Static Pile Composting system was selected and according to the Chinese situation .
作者在研究分析大量文献的基础上，根据我国国情，对几种堆肥技术系统进行了详细的分析、比较，被选中择强制通风静态垛堆肥系统作为畜禽粪便堆肥化处理的突破口。
was selected:被选中
According to the production of the guest elevator timing alternating current of a Wuhan enterprise, which has existed work bottleneck in product technique process preparation and urgent time, the technique process preparation system of guest elevator timing alternating current was studied to solve the problem after negotiation with the enterprise.
针对武汉某企业交调(交流调速)客梯生产中存在着产品技术工艺准备工作量大，时间紧这一生产经营工作的瓶颈，经与该企业协商，决定进行交调客梯技术工艺准备系统的被研究与开发，以解决交调客梯技术工艺准备工作的快速进行问题。
was studied:被研究
After compares, a unidirectional power flow mode inverter using high frequency link is selected as the main topology and the inverter is controlled P87LPC768 that is made Philips.
经过比较，被选中用单向电压源高频链逆变器作为逆变电源的主电路拓扑，采用的飞利浦单片机P87LPC768为该电源的主控芯片。
is selected:被选中
A varying coefficient, nonlinear dynamic cascade model has been derived in this paper, thus, in fact, is the extension of a simple linear dynamic cascade model, obtained through process mechanism studies on a Purex process occurring in a sixteen stage extractor with a countercurrent of first recycling.
本文以Purex流程一个16级第一循环逆流萃取设备为对象,通过萃取过程机理分析,在建立了一种简单线性级联动态机理模型的基础上 推被导出一种变系数非线性级联动态机理模型.
been derived:被导出
A research on the policy for teacher in China Higher Normal College(CHNC) is divided into two parts.
关于我国高等师范院校教师政策的研究共被分开两部被分开。
is divided:被分开
According to the requirement of online measurement, the control system is expanded adding SRAM for storage sample data, the real time clock for counting, and the power logic addressable latch for peripheral such as valve and DC Motor.
根据在线自动测量的实际要求,在最小系统基础上被扩展了大容量的静态存储器,实时时钟和功率逻辑可寻址锁存器分别用于暂存大容量的数据,记录数据采集时间以及控制电磁阀、直流电机等外围设备。
is expanded:被扩展
According to the different manifestation mode and operation mechanism in practice of education, the authority of teachers is divided the authority teachers possess as administrators and the authority teachers have as guides for learning of students.
根据在教育现实中表现形式和运行机制的不同，教师权威可被分开为教师作为管理者所拥有的权威和作为学生学习的引导者所拥有的权威。
is divided:被分开
A substituted primary phosphonic acid resin (abbreviated as DAPAR) having-CH_2NHCH_2P(O)(OH)_as its basic functional group, was studied for its adsorption property to Gd(Ⅲ) ion. It was found that at pH 4.90, the static-saturated-adsorption capacity is 219mg per gram of resin to Gd(Ⅲ);
用二甲基胺取代 烃基膦酸树脂对钆的吸附行为进行被研究,试验结果表明,在pH4.90时,树脂对钆的静态饱和吸附容量为219mg·g-1(树脂);
was studied:被研究
A chemically synthesized human pro urokinase (pro UK) cDNA was cloned into the expression vector pET 11d,and expressed in E. coli BL21(DE3) pLysS under the control of T7 promoter.
化学合成的人尿激酶原cDNA被克隆在表达质粒pET?11d中，在T7启动子的作用下，经0?1mmol／LIPTG诱导，在大肠杆菌BL21（DE3）pLysS中获得表达。
was cloned:被克隆
A spatial deployable truss structure was studied the ways of multibody dynamics. The equation of multi body dynamics was set up with the Lagrange multiplier method and the dynamics simulation models of deployable truss structures were built ADAMS and I-DEAS.
空间展开桁架结构属于多体动力学被研究范畴,本文利用Lagrange乘子法建立多体动力学方程,通过ADAMS和I-DEAS建立空间展开桁架的多体动力学仿真模型,进行仿真计算。
was studied:被研究
Adequate nutrition and gradually increased physical activity were encouraged for "fast-track". Results Grafts were 3.08±0.7for CCAand 2.24±0.8for OPCAB . LIMA was used in 90.9%(110/121) patients.
结果　行 CCABG患者移植血管 3.8± .75支 ,OPCAB患者 .4± .82支 ,110例 (9.9% )被使用 L IMA。
was used:被使用
After a comparison of the speed of Berlekamp-Massey(BM) algorithm to that of Euclidean algorithm,algorithm is selected to design a reed-solmon(RS) decoder,whose can reach 3Mbps.
比较了reed-solomon(RS)译码的Berlekamp-Massey(BM)算法和Euclidean算法的运行速度,并被选中择BM算法设计了满足3Mbps数据传输率(DTR)的RS译码器。
is selected:被选中
A novel honeybee adenine nucleotide translocator gene (Am ant) cDNA (GenBank Accession, AY332626) was cloned blasting the honeybee EST database with the fruit fly homologous ant gene cDNA sequence information as a querying probe.
以果蝇腺苷酸转移载体基因cDNA序列为信息探针,对蜜蜂EST数据库进行同源检索筛选,被克隆了蜜蜂腺苷酸转移载体基因(Am　ant)的cDNA序列(GenBank登记号为AY332626),该基因全长251bp。
was cloned:被克隆
Along with the dorsal hand branch of ulnar nerve, the dorsal carpal branch of ulnar artery passes through the deep surface of flexor carpi ulnaris, leaning from the metacarpus to the ulnar side,forming an acute angle (38.60°±8.20°) with the dorsal hand branch of ulnar nerve, and then the dorsal carpal branch is divided into an ascending branch and a descending one.
尺动脉腕背支与尺神经手背支伴行 ,穿过尺侧腕屈肌腱的深面 ,从掌侧向后内侧斜行 ,两者成锐角 ,平均 38.0± 8.0°,行至 .6mm处被分开为升支与降支。
is divided:被分开
After through the dura, the artery was divided into ascending and descending branches with a sharp angle.
腰膨大动脉穿硬膜后于脊髓前正中裂被分开为升、降两支 ,其与降支夹角成锐角 ;
was divided:被分开
According to the activity of earthquakes and volcanoes along the Manila trench and its adjacent region, combined with analysis of focal mechanism solutions and geophysics data, the Manila trench is still being downward subduction in the depth of 20km. Deep earthquakes mainly concentrate between 12°N and 14°N, the concentrated region is divided into different sections, and the focal depth is gradually deep from the north to the south.
根据马尼拉海沟及邻区地震、火山活动的被分开析,并结合地震震源机制和地球物理资料被分开析,发现马尼拉海沟在深度200多公里仍为俯冲的性质,深地震主要集中在12°N～14°N之间,地震密集区出现明显的被分开段特征,从北到南深度逐渐变深.
is divided:被分开
Abstract:The slag splashing process on the 2t LD converters, Xinyu Iron & Steel Co, was studied with a cold model.
采用缩小的冷态模型 ,对新余钢铁集团有限公司 t顶吹转炉的溅渣护炉工艺进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
After linearization with PmeⅠ, pAdtrack-VEGFP-CD-pA was transformed into AdEasier-cells, and the transformants were selected on LB agar plates containing 2μg/ml kanamycin followed identification of the positive pAdEasy-VEGFP-CD with electrophoretic analysis and enzymatic digestion.
经PmeⅠ线性化后转化AdEasier-1细菌,用2μg/ml卡那霉素筛被选中阳性克隆,先后进行琼脂糖电泳和PacⅠ酶切鉴定,筛被选中出正确重组腺病毒质粒pAdEasy-VEGFP-CD。
were selected:被选中
Adsorption-desorption of spiked Cu2+ a typical paddy soil from the Tai Lake region, China and the pH change of at equilibrium solution was studied using isothermal equilibrium adsorption method and continuing desorption method of dilute CaCland HCl solution respectively.
用平衡液吸附法和CaCl2与HCl溶液的连续解吸法被研究了太湖地区黄泥土(水稻土)对重金属Cu2+的吸附和解吸特征以及吸附和解吸过程中平衡液pH的变化。
was studied:被研究
A HPLC method was used to determine the emodin in the ointment,Inertsil ODS-5μm(4.6mm×250mm) column,methnol-0.1% phosphoric acid aqueous solution(80∶20) as mobile phase,flow rate at 1.mL/min and detection wavelength at 254nm.
方法:采用高效液相色谱法测定软膏中大黄素的含量,被使用Inertsil ODS-35μm(4.6mm×250mm)色谱柱; 甲醇-0.1%磷酸水溶液(80∶20)为流动相;
was used:被使用
According to the concentration of blood uric acid (BUA), they were divided into study group (BUA≥ 3μ mol/L, n=59) and control group (BUA< 3μ mol/L, n=72). The levels of blood glucose, insulin, total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TG) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL C) were determined, and insulin resistance index (IRI) was calculated in both groups, the correlations were analyzed.
入选病例依血尿酸浓度被分开为2组:实验组血尿酸≥357μmol/L)59例,对照组血尿酸((<357μmol/L)72例。测定两组患者血糖、胰岛素、总胆固醇、三酰甘油、高密度脂蛋白胆固醇(HDL-C)水平,计算胰岛素抵抗指数(HOMA-IR,被分开析其相关关系。)
were divided:被分开
After sterilizing,seeds of sand sagebrush (Artemisia sphaerocephala Krasch) were plantedon MS medium without phytohormine, Cotyledons of twenty day old seedlings were sliced andplaced on MS medium containing 2,4一Dto induce calli.
沙蒿种子灭菌后，接入MS无激素培养基得到无菌苗。 取20天无菌苗子叶被切断成小块，接入含2，4一D的MS培养基诱导愈伤组织，并在同样培养基上进行继代增殖。
were sliced:被切断
As the base of video query, news video retrieval is divided into structurized analysis and semantic exaction of video information.
新闻视频索引是视频查询的基础，包含新闻视频信息的结构化被分开析和语义提取，其中结构化被分开析包括新闻条目被分开段、镜头被分开段和关键帧提取；
is divided:被分开
A Cytoplasmic polyhedrosis virus (CPV) from the Dendrolimus punctatusWenshanensis was studied on some characterizations of fine structure and bio-chemistry. Most of polyhedra were hexhedral, less quadrilaterly and appro-ximaterly spherical. The size of polyhedra showed a significant differenceranging from 0.47 to 2.45μ and 1.1μ in average in diameter.
对文山松毛虫质型多角体病毒的形态结构及理化特性进行了被研究,多角体大部分为六边形,少数为四边形及近园形,其大小在0.47～2.45μ之间,平均为1.1μ。
was studied:被研究
According to the requirement of system property, AD664and HSP50214B are selected functioning as A/D switcher and specific programming digital downconverter, thenthe paper highlights the structures, functions, applications, designs and outer interface circuit connect of the AD664and HSP50214B.Finally, the paper presents the realization of the base-band processing.
结合系统性能的要求，被选中择了AD6640和HSP50214B为A／D转换器和专用可编程数字下变频器。 重点分析了AD6640和HSP50214B的结构功能、应用设计以及外围接口电路的连接。
are selected:被选中
Abstract Cr11Ni2W2MoV steel is coated with chemical vapor deposition (CVD). A well bonded and condensed surface layer is TiN.
采用化学气相沉积（CVD）法在1Cr11Ni2W2MoV钢表面获得与基体结合良好的致密的TiN被涂层。
is coated:被涂层
Aim To study the expression of synaptophysin (p38) after middle artery occlusion/reperfusion in rats and the influence of nerve growth factor(NGF) on p38. Methods 7adult female rats were divided randomly into groups: false-operated group, natural recovering group, ACSF group, NGF group.
为研究大鼠脑缺血再灌注后突触素p38表达的变化规律及其与神经生长因子的关系 ,取大鼠 72只 ,随机被分开为假手术组、人工脑脊液组和神经生长因子治疗组。
were divided:被分开
A highly precise magnetostratigraphic study was carried out on the Paleogene in the Hongsanhan area on the northwestern margin of the Qaidam basin. The magnetic polarity zone of the Lower Gancaigou Formation corresponds to subchrons C16n-C18 of the recommended international geomagnetic polarity timescale (GPTS) with a corresponding age of &gt;4to 35.Ma, indicating an early-mid Eocene geologic age.
对青藏高原北部柴达木盆地西北缘红三旱地区古近系高精度的磁性地层研究表明,下干柴沟组的磁极性被带走对应标准地磁极性年表C16n—C18极性时熏相应的磁性年代为大于40Ma至35.5Ma,其地质时代属于始新世早、中期;
was carried:被带走
According to an analysis of the performance matching of the crankshaft body and bearing bush, Fe-C-Si-Al is selected as the powder for the explosive spray coating.
依据对曲轴基体、轴瓦与涂层摩擦副匹配性能的分析 ,被选中择Fe C Si Al作爆炸喷涂的粉末。
is selected:被选中
A three step reaction mechanism for SO oxidation on Cs Rb V low temperature sulfuric acid catalyst promoted mixture of alkali salts was proposed. A kinetic equation was derived as follows: r=k 1P 1/O k 2+k 3P SO +P SO P SO (1-P SO P SO P 1/O K P).
以碱金属盐为助催化剂的铯 -铷 -钒系硫酸催化剂 ,在 380～ 0℃下 SO氧化反应机理为三步催化反应 ,并推被导出其动力学机理模型 :r=k1P1/ 2O2k+kPSO+PSOPSO2(1- PSOPSOP1/ 2OKP)。
was derived:被导出
At the same time, each method adopted implementing AWT in JDK and in Kaffe has been especially discussed and their pluses and minuses has been pointed out.
分析了各构件的具体功能以及它们之间的层次结构关系,重点论述了在JDK和Kaffe中实现AWT时各自所采用的方法,并被指明出了它们的优缺点。
been pointed:被指明
According to the design of appliance, it is divided into bone anchorage, tooth anchorage and mixed anchorage;
按矫治器设计被分开为以骨为支抗、以牙齿为支抗和混合支抗；
is divided:被分开
A alamine tranaminase(ALT),aspartate tranaminase(AST)and lactate dehydrogenase(LSH)activities in sera,and superoxide dismutase (SOD)activity,malonyldiadehyde (MDA)content in sera,liver tissue and cytochrome C axidase activity in liver cells were determined respectively,in all experimental rats. Liver tissue preparations were stained with HE staining.
测定所有动物血清中ALT,AST和LDH含量,血清和肝组织中超氧化物歧化酶(SOD),丙二醛(MDA)活性以及肝组织中细胞色素C氧化酶活力,对肝组织进行HE被染了。
were stained:被染了
A mapping analysis revealed that AST gene was located on chromosome I,and located between SSLP molecular marker nga28and CAPS molecular marker PAB5. AST gene was closely linked to nga28with a genetic distance of 3.cM.
初步作图分析表明，AST基因定被发现的拟南芥第在Ⅰ号染色体上，并且被发现的SSLP分子标记nga280和CAPS分子标记PAB5之间。 AST基因与SSLP分子标记nga280紧密连锁，遗传距离为3.2cM；
was located:被发现的
And the linear viscoelastic behavior, steady rheological behavior and the formation/evolvement of particles net structure for molten nanocomposites were studied using an advanced rheometric expansion system (ARES) and capillary rheometry.
用高级流变扩展系统(ARES)及毛细管流变仪对复合体系熔体的线性粘弹行为、稳态剪切流变行为进行了表征，并对熔体粒子网络结构的形成与演化作了较系统的被研究。
were studied:被研究
A highly precise magnetostratigraphic study was carried out on the Paleogene in the Hongsanhan area on the northwestern margin of the Qaidam basin. The magnetic polarity zone of the Lower Gancaigou Formation corresponds to subchrons C16n-C18 of the recommended international geomagnetic polarity timescale (GPTS) with a corresponding age of >4to 35.Ma, indicating an early-mid Eocene geologic age.
对青藏高原北部柴达木盆地西北缘红三旱地区古近系高精度的磁性地层研究表明,下干柴沟组的磁极性被带走对应标准地磁极性年表C16n—C18极性时熏相应的磁性年代为大于40Ma至35.5Ma,其地质时代属于始新世早、中期;
was carried:被带走
Actions of acetylcholine(Ach)and 5-hydroxtrypamine (5-HT)on electrical activity of tegumental and muscle cells in Schistosoma japonicum were studied the intractllular recording techniques with microelectrode.
微电极细胞内记录技术应用于被研究乙酰胆碱（Ach）和5—羟色胺（5—HT）对日本血吸虫雄性成虫皮层和肌细胞电活动的作用。
were studied:被研究
At 298K,the adsorption rate constants for CAS and DTCS was k =758h -and k =32h -,respectively. Apparent kinetic equation and some thermodynamic parameters were got in this paper. Characteristics of CAS and DTCS and adsorption mechanism were studied IR,elemental analysis and adsorption equilibrium experiments.
98K时 ,CAS和DTCS的吸附速率常数分别为k =78h- 和k =32h- .根据对吸附行为的被研究得到了表观动力学方程和热力学参数 ,并藉助IR和元素分析及吸附平衡被研究了吸附机理
were studied:被研究
Analysis of the variation of the EAWJ horizontal structure shows that the zonal wind at 20hPa along 40°N from 100°E to 120°E is weakened while the zonal wind at 20hPa is strengthed from Bay of Bengal to South China area.
在西风急流水平结构上,冬季沿40°N从100°E到120°E一带200hPa西风风速显著减被削弱,而孟加拉湾至华南至日本南部海上一带200hPa西风风速则显著增强;
is weakened:被削弱
A method for the direct determination of B in botanical samples fluorination electrothermal vaporization (ETV) -ICP-AES technique has been described. The effect of boron on particle diameter, influences of matrix and vaporization behaviour in ETV-ICP-AES was studied in detail.
本文提出了用聚四氟乙烯(PTFE)悬浮体制样电热蒸发(ETV)-ICP-AES直接测定植物试样中硼的新方法,被研究了上述元素在该技术中的粒度效应、基体效应和(PTFE)存在下的蒸发行为.
was studied:被研究
Apart from the introduction and conclusion, the main text is divided into four parts.
除引言和结论外，本文的正文被分开为四章。
is divided:被分开
A method for direct determination of Mo, on and Cd in biological samples nuorination electrothermal vaporization-ICP-AES technique with polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) disperser as a fluorination agent has been described. The vaporization behaviour, effect factor and analytical characteristic of above mentioned elements with different volatile in ETV-ICP-AES were studied and the correlative regularity was obtained.
本文以聚四氟乙烯（PTEE）悬浮体为氟化剂，对悬浮体制样ETV－ICP－AES直接测定生物试样中不同挥发性元素锡、铜和镉的蒸发行为，影响因素及分析性能进行了比较被研究，得出了相应的规律性。
were studied:被研究
Association rule usually describes the relationship of a set of item, and is divided into Boolean Association rule and value Association rule.
关联规则主要描述数据集一组数据项间关系的密切程度，可以被分开为布尔型关联规则和量化型关联规则。
is divided:被分开
After limited DNase Ⅰ digestion,more HMG proteins are released from thehepatoma nuclei than those released from normal liver nuclei.
肝癌细胞核在DNA酶Ⅰ有限消化时HMG的被释放较正常大鼠肝细胞核多。
are released:被释放
At the level of 2nmol/Land 4nmol/L α-hANF,the contraction amplitude and rate of contraction phasedecreased to a remarkable extent. And at 4nmol/L,APDs were shortened sig-nificantly 2min after α-hANF.
结果表明,2nmol/L 和4nmol/L a-hANF 均可明显抑制乳头肌收缩幅度(CA)和收缩相上升速率)(dA/dt),在4nmol/L a-hANF 作用20min 后,APD 被缩短明显。
were shortened:被缩短
According to the ecological distribution of Cockroach species in Guangzhou, five kinds of Cockroach extracts (i. e. Periplaneta americana, Periplanta australasiae, Blatteria germanica and so on) were studied on chemo-immunity sephadex gel chromatography, SDS-PAGE, intradermal test and detection of SIgE.
根据广州市蟑螂种群生态分布,应用葡聚糖凝胶层析、SDS-PAGE等生化技术,以及皮内试验、特异性IgE检测等免疫学方法,对美洲大蠊、澳洲大蠊和德国小蠊等五种蟑螂浸液,作了化学特性及免疫学活性的被研究。
were studied:被研究
After the classic structural model of coal had been reviewed,the new conceptofmulti element amorphous structure of coal was put forward The radial distribution ofatomsin coals was studied X ray diffraction The results have shown that there are aro maticcarbon atom layers and alicyclic carbon atom layers in the macromolecules of coal,andboththe aromatic layers and alicyclic layer scatter coherently X ray,and that the order ofamorphouscoal structure is less than nm The model and variation of amorphous coalstructurewere discussed in this paper
本文对经典煤核结构模型评述后，提出了多元非晶煤结构概念。 用X射线衍射方法被研究了南桐煤镜质组的原子径向分布，论证了煤大分子中同时存在芳香结构单元和脂环结构单元，它们对X射线衍射强度均有贡献，非晶煤结构的有序性不大于1nm。
was studied:被研究
Adsorption of acrylonitrile(AN) on different sites of Cu(111) surface was studied using model copper cluster Cu1with density functional theory (DFT).
利用密度泛函方法对丙烯腈在Cu(111)面上不同吸附位的吸附状态进行了理论被研究.
was studied:被研究
After comparing the features of many special purpose rubber,CSM is selected as main material of rubber electrode plate.
本文从实用角度对比了多种橡胶特性、最后被选中定氯磺化聚乙烯橡胶作为研制船形橡胶极板的主体材料。
is selected:被选中
A cDNA coding for aHSP100/ClpB homolog has been cloned from Lycopersicon esculentum, its molecularweight is 110kD and termed as LeHsp110/ClpPrevious studies showed thatLeHSP110/ClpB was not detected under normal conditions and induced hightemperature.
本实验室从番茄cDNA文库中被克隆到定位于叶绿体的ClpB,分子量为110kD,命名为LeHsp110/ClpB。
been cloned:被克隆
According to the pathogenic time 7 d, 1d, 3d, 6d and over 6d they were divided into five groups, and to test the urine minium albumen, urine routine, 2h volune of urine albumin, 1h urine addis count and index of immunology.
按发病时间<7d、8~14d、15~30d、31~60d及>60d进行临床被分开组(A、B、C、D、E组),并进行尿微量蛋白、尿常规、24小时尿蛋白定量、12小时尿液addis计数、免疫学指标的检查。
were divided:被分开
Abstract: Abstract Based on the traditional methods of chemical analyses for both manganese and iron in a manganese ferroalloy,the combined determination of manganese and iron was studied experiments,and the results showed that the method was reasonable and reliable.
文摘:根据锰系铁合金中锰与铁的传统化学分析方法，通过理论分析和实验被研究，简要论述了锰和铁联合测定的可行性和合理性。
was studied:被研究
A searchlight picked the ship up,and fire was opened on her from the shore.
探照灯照到了这条船，于是岸上向它被打开火。
was opened:被打开
A mother of four, she was released in June only after she “confessed” to acting criminally, and denounced dissident colleagues and foreign journalists.
这位四个孩子的母亲在今年七月得到被释放，仅有的原因是她承认其罪行，并公开指责其同事与外国新闻记者同行怀有颠覆国家政府的想法。）
was released:被释放
And a great deal of questions exist in the teacher education of our country at present: speciality is divided carefully; course structure lacks proper care; course content is outmoded; performance appraisal relies excessively on exam score, etc.
而目前我国师范教育存在诸多问题：专业划被分开过细、课程结构失调、课程内容陈旧、教学方法单一、评价过被分开倚重考试被分开数等。
is divided:被分开
Answer: Following behavior inspects real estate of of the same branch of a family to make over: (1) serves as with estate contributive establish legal person company with other; (2) one party provides land access, other one party or with all possible means estate of bankroll joint development is divided with property right; (When 3) buys amalgamative perhaps company, estate move is new obligee all; (4) with estate pay a dein kind or labour; (A between other perhaps organization estate attune of 5) state-owned company unplug; (Between 6) blame parents and children, the estate between the spouse is donative behavior.
答：下列行为视同房地产转让：(1)以房地产作为出资与他人成立法人企业的；(2)一方提供土地使用权，另一方或多方提供资金合作开发房地产并以产权被分开成的；(3)收购或者合并企业时，房地产转移为新的权利人所有的；(4)以房地产抵债的；(5)国有企业之间或者其他组织之间的房地产调拔；(6)非父母与子女之间、配偶之间的房地产赠与行为。
is divided:被分开
As one writer said, "The colonies were settled largely emigrants who were discontented or rebellious in spirit - people who had failed to adjust themselves to their harsh lot (.) in the Old World. ...
就如一个作家说过：「被定居在殖民地的人大部分是心灵上不满或是抵抗的移民，他们无法适应在欧洲的一些无理要求…他们有些人厌倦了在所谓「比他们有社会地位」的人面前要脱帽起立的规矩。」
were settled:被定居
Anyone claiming the right of priority according to the preceding paragraph shall make a claim in writing when it or he files the application for the registration of the trademark, and submit, within three months, documents showing the title of the exhibition in which its or his goods was displayed, proof that the trademark was used for the goods exhibited, and the date of exhibition; where the claim is not made in writing, or the proof documents not submitted within the time limit, the claim shall deemed not to have been made for the right of priority.
依照前款要求优先权的，应当在提出商标注册申请的时候提出书面声明，并且在三个月内提交展出其商品的展览会名称、在展出商品上被使用该商标的证据、展出日期等证明文件；未提出书面声明或者逾期未提交证明文件的，视为未要求优先权。
was used:被使用
Abstract: The reasons why the Raney Ni catalyst loses it"s a ctivity system matically.The method of regenerating the disac tivity catalyst according to catalytic principle is described.It was used in sorbitol production plant,and the effect was good.
文摘:对山梨醇用雷尼镍催化剂的失活原因进行了系统分析，根据催化原理找出了失活催化剂的再生方法，经催化剂活性检测及实际应用表明效果较好，值得有关厂家参考被使用。
was used:被使用
A substance, such as stone, sand, salt, or coal, that is extracted or obtained from the ground or water and used in economic activities.
矿物一种物质，如石头、沙子、盐或煤，从土地或水中被提取或获得，用于经济运行中
is extracted:被提取
A town of north-central Connecticut east of Hartford. It was settled in1672. Population, 49,761.
曼彻斯特镇美国康涅狄格州中北部的一座城镇，位于哈特福德东面。1672年始有人被定住，人口49，761
was settled:被定住
An attacker may use this information in order to cause the cached content to be opened in the Local Computer Zone.
攻击者可使用此信息以在本地计算机区域中打被打开缓存内容。
be opened:被打开
IOS includes an HTTP server for a remote administration interface, which may be enabled by default on some devices.
IOS 包含一个用于远程管理接口的 HTTP 服务器，该接口在某些设备上默认为被启用状态。
be enabled:被启用
It is possible to enumerate registry keys associated with this service and determine what COM ports are enabled for the Bluetooth adapter.
可以枚举与该服务关联的注册表键，并确定为 Bluetooth 适配器被启用的 COM 端口。
are enabled:被启用
This service may be enabled during installation of the operating system.
该服务可在操作系统安装期间被启用。
be enabled:被启用
To remove this file, navigate to the web document root directory for the web server being used in conjunction with PHP and delete the file info.php.
要删除此文件，请在与 PHP 一起被使用的 Web 服务器中，导航到 Web 文档根目录并删除 info.php 文件。
being used:被使用
The flaw exists in the userfile_name parameter and is exploitable via shell metacharacters being passed to PHP passthru().
该漏洞存在于 userfile_name 参数中，可通过传递到 PHP被通过的thru() 到 shell 元字符利用。
being passed:被通过的
The Payment Card Data Security Standard requires that all web-facing applications are protected against known attacks by applying either of the following methods:
支付卡数据安全标准要求通过应用以下某个方法，针对已知攻击被保护所有面向 Web 的应用程序：
are protected:被保护
If this attack is detected, it would be wise to investigate the questionable DNS traffic further because it is possible that an attack is being conducted, or buggy software is being used at or in connection with your organization.
如果检测到此攻击，最好是进一步调查可疑的 DNS 通信量，因为攻击者可能正在进行攻击，或者您的组织中正在被使用有错误的软件，或您的组织连接了有错误的软件。
being used:被使用
This is in general a harmless event and should be enabled only if you really want to monitor or block this client activity.
这一般是无害事件，您应该在真的需要监视或拦截此客户端活动时才被启用它。
be enabled:被启用
(A newly added sensor will inherit the policy from its admin domain; thus, all interfaces on the sensor will be protected by the policy of the domain by default.)
（新加入的传感器会继承其管理域的策略，因此传感器的所有接口都会默认为使用该域的策略进行被保护。）
be protected:被保护
This alert indicates that KaZaA client software has made a connection with a KaZaA Supernode and is being used on your network.
此警报表示 KaZaA 客户端软件已与 KaZaA 超节点建立连接，现正在您的网络上被使用。
being used:被使用
This alert indicates that ASN.1 BER (Basic Encoding Rules) indefinite length encoding was used in an SNMP packet.
此警报表示 SNMP 数据包中被使用 ASN.1 BER（基本编码规则）无限长度编码。
was used:被使用
This event indicates that permissions were modified for the 'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Classes\\AppId' registry key or one of its subkeys.
此事件表示已被修改注册表键 'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Classes\\AppId' 或其子键的权限。
were modified:被修改
This event indicates that a user account was enabled or disabled.
此事件表示某个用户帐户已被启用或已禁用。
was enabled:被启用
This event indicates an attempt to determine which authentication method (basic, NTLM, or none) is being used by the Microsoft IIS Web Server by sending a specially crafted request.
此事件表示有人试图通过发送精心编制的请求来确定 Microsoft IIS Web 服务器所被使用的验证方法（基本、NTLM 或无）。
being used:被使用
This directory may contain sample application code which is to known to have security vulnerabilities.The "Web Publishing" feature must be enabled on the server for this attack to be successful.
该目录可能含有存在已知安全漏洞的简单应用程序代码。只有在服务器被启用了“Web 发布”功能的情况下，此攻击才会成功。
be enabled:被启用
The hierarchical view within the Resource Tree applies to the way the nodes are managed by IntruShield users and not necessarily to any networking or physical relationship between the resources.
资源树中的层次结构视图取决于 IntruShield 用户对节点的被管理方式，而不一定代表着资源之间的任何网络或物理关系。
are managed:被管理
The structure of the Resource Tree applies to the way the nodes are managed by system users and not necessarily to any networking or physical relationship between the resources.
资源树中的结构取决于系统用户对节点的被管理方式，而不一定代表着资源之间的任何网络或物理关系。
are managed:被管理
In order to use all of the Manager program functions, your client machine is prompted to download and install Java runtime engine (JRE) software during initial client login.
为了使用 Manager 程序的所有功能，客户端初次登录时，机器会被提示下载并安装 Java runtime engine (JRE) 软件。
is prompted:被提示
For this scenario, the source IP is 172.26.23.145, and a Historical search is selected to find all of the attacks from this source in the last 2 months.
对于此场景，来源 IP 为 172.26.23.145，被选中择了历史搜索来查找最近 2 个月内来自这个来源 IP 的全部攻击。
is selected:被选中
For this sample report, the Total Alerts per hour for one 24-hour day were selected for a single sensor.
在此示例报告中，被选中择了一个传感器某天（24 小时）每小时的警报总数。
were selected:被选中
In order to use all of the Manager program functions (via a Windows 2000 machine), your client machine is prompted to download and install Java runtime engine (JRE) software during initial client login.
为了能通过 Windows 2000 机器使用 Manager 程序的所有功能，客户端初次登录时，机器会被提示下载并安装 Java runtime engine (JRE) 软件。
is prompted:被提示
The technology of spray and wet enhancement in flue gas was applied especially when the temperature was below 160℃. The technology had advantages such as small remodification,no influence on the normal operation of ash removal system and raising 1%~2.5% ash removal efficiency of ESP.
对排烟温度低于160℃的锅炉尾部烟道内直接喷水调质技术进行了探讨,从实际被应用情况来看,此项技术改造规模小,不影响除灰系统正常运行,并且能提高1%～2.5%的除尘效率。
was applied:被应用
A new kind of surface active agent——ADDP was synthesized to modify light weight nano CaCO 3 and surface properties of the modified CaCO 3 were studied according to contact angle,particle size distribution,viscosity of DOP paste,oil adsorption and whiteness.
合成了表面活性剂ADDP，用于改性轻质纳米CaCO3，从接触角、粒径分布，DOP糊粘度，吸油量，白度等方面被研究了改性CaCO3 的表面性质，表明改性后的CaCO3 表面疏水亲油、在油中的平均团聚粒径减小。
were studied:被研究
In this investigation, a new phenomenon of stationary vortex was found and some new dynamic process by means of suction on the airfoil surface was studied by numerical method.
用数值模拟方法给出了翼型大攻角状态表面吸气后绕翼型流动的某些新现象并对流场的特性进行了机理性被研究,其中包括吸气对翼型背风面分离涡的驻涡增升作用; 吸气孔位置对流场的影响;
was studied:被研究
In order to study the genetic toxicity of preventive anti fluorine agent(Ⅰ-1),30 mice of Kunmin species were selected and divided into 5 groups,namely negative test group,low dose group( 200 mg/kg ),medium does group( 400 mg/kg ),high dose group( 800 mg/kg ),and positive test group (cytozan 50 mg/kg ).
为了探讨预防型抗氟剂 (Ⅰ型 - 1)的遗传毒性，被选中用雄性昆明种小白鼠 30只，随机分为阴性对照组、低、中、高剂量组 (剂量分别为 2 0 0，40 0，80 0mg/kg)、阳性对照组 (环磷酰胺 5 0mg/kg) 。
were selected:被选中
The simulation result shows that this control scheme can rapidly achieve the path tracking in high precision and that the chattering phenomenon which is inherent to the variable sturcture control is weakened and avoided.
仿真研究结果表明，本文的控制方案能实现较高精度的快速轨迹跟踪，同时可削被削弱或避免通常变结构控制中不可避免的抖振
is weakened:被削弱
Methods: Two kinds of ceramide (C2 and C6) were selected and added into serum-free media with keratinocyte culture. In 0, 3,6,12 and 24 hour after adding ceramides, total RNA was abstracted to detect the expression of specific keratinocyte differentiation markers: TGasel, IVL, KRT1 KRT10, etc. by RT-PCR method.
方法 : 被选中择两种神经酰胺(C2和C6 )，分别添加于无血清培养的角质形成细胞培养液中，并在添加后 0、3、6、12、2 4h分别回收总RNA，用逆转录PCR(RT PCR)方法，检测角质形成细胞分化的特异性标记 :TGase1、IVL、KRT1、KRT10等mRNA表达情况。
were selected:被选中
Methods RT-PCR was applied to study expression of MRP gene in tumor tissues from 83 cases of esophageal and cardiac carcinoma, and 45 lymph nodes from 28 patients.
方法 被应用逆转录酶-多聚酶链反应(RT-PCR)方法,检测了83例食管癌和贲门癌组织及28例患者45枚淋巴结中MRP基因的表达,并与相应癌旁组织进行对照分析。
was applied:被应用
This paper set up a two-level optimal design model of gravity tree pipe network and the nonlinear programming model was solved quickly by the method of artificial neural networks.
建立了自压式树状管网两级优化设计模型，并用人工神经网络法实现树状管网非线性规划模型的快速求被解决了。
was solved:被解决了
Adsorption-desorption of spiked Cu2+ by a typical paddy soil from the Tai Lake region, China and the pH change of at equilibrium solution was studied by using isothermal equilibrium adsorption method and continuing desorption method of dilute CaCl2 and HCl solution respectively.
用平衡液吸附法和CaCl2与HCl溶液的连续解吸法被研究了太湖地区黄泥土(水稻土)对重金属Cu2+的吸附和解吸特征以及吸附和解吸过程中平衡液pH的变化。
was studied:被研究
The full-length CDS of Parkin and OGCP were amplificationed from the human fetus brain cDNA library and were cloned to the pCMV-Tag4 vector and pcDNA3.1-myc-his(-)B vector differentialy to make the eukaryotic expression vector pCMV-Parkin and pcDNA3.1-myc-OGCP.
应用PCR技术从人胎脑cDNA文库扩增全长的Parkin和OGCP基因的CDS，亚被克隆至pCMV-Tag4和pcDNA3.1-myc-his(-)B表达载体，构建Parkin和OGCP的真核表达载体pCMV-Parkin和pcDNA3.1-myc-OGCP，经测序证实了载体构建正确。
were cloned:被克隆
2) The distribution of diversity index of phytoplankton showed the characteristic of decreasing, increasing and then re decreasing from the northwest to the southeast, and the axis of the lowest index was located near the A-A' line between 121°30′E, 30°00′N and 122°30′E, 31°00′N in the bay.
浮游植物种类多样性指数自西北向东南呈递减—递增—递减的态势，其低谷区中心轴被发现的 12 1°30′E、30°0 0′N - 12 2°30′E、31°0 0′N连线 (图 1的A -A′线 )附近 ;
was located:被发现的
The coagulation performance of BT-04 treating reactive real dyeing wastewater and oil refinery effluent and the coagulating conditions including the coagulant dosage and the pH of treated wastewater on the coagulation performance were studied in comparison with polyaluminum chloride (PAC). The coagulation mechanism of BT-04 was also investigated.
与无机混凝剂PAC对比，对实际印染废水和石化炼油废水的处理效果(包括脱色率、COD去除率、除油率等)和混凝工艺条件(如混凝剂的投加量、原水的pH等)对混凝效果的影响进行了被研究，探讨了BT-04絮凝剂的絮凝机理。
were studied:被研究
Methods Eigty-six cases of aggravated chronic bronchitis were divided into group A and group B.In group A,oxygen startup atomization inhalation with ipratropium and in group B,with ambroxol plus ipratropium.
方法 慢支急性加重期病人 86例，随机被分开为治疗组和对照组两组，用氧启动雾化吸入治疗，A组溴化异丙托品雾化液，B组溴化异丙托品联合盐酸氨溴索雾化液。
were divided:被分开
Methods: Seventy-two rats were divided randomly into 6 groups: the normal control group, Yin jaundice model group, Yang jaundice model group, high-dosage treatment group, low-dosage treatment group, control treatment group.
方法:72只大鼠随机被分开为6组:正常对照组,阴黄证模型组,阳黄对照组,阴黄证模型加温阳活血退黄方高、低剂量组,茵陈术附汤组。
were divided:被分开
The β-glucanase from strain GXC of Trichoderma reesei was purified in three steps which comprised ammonium sulfate precipitation, Sephadex G-100 chromatography, and DEAE-Sephadex A-50 chromatography. The purified enzyme showed an activity increase of 14.60 fold, and an activity recovery of 6.62%.
对里氏木霉所产β-葡聚糖酶粗酶液通过饱和硫酸铵沉淀、Sephadex G-100 柱层析和DEAE-Sephadex A-50 柱层析进行被净化，比活提高14.60倍,活力回收6.62%。
was purified:被净化
Using reverse transcription followed by polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR), the core gene and envelope genes of hepatitis C virus from a pooled Chinese serum sample with high titre anti-HCV (C100-3) were cloned and sequenced.
从中国华北地区采集到的抗-丙型肝炎病毒(Hepatitis C virus,HCV)阳性血清中分离RNA,经逆转录及DNA聚合酶链反应(RT-PCR),扩增HCV cDNA核心蛋白基因及包膜蛋白基因片段,并对扩增到的DNA片段进行分子被克隆及序列分析。
were cloned:被克隆
The results show that in order to obtain higher exergy efficiency number of transfer unit(NTU)and capacitance ratio should be selected carefully for they have optimum values.
指出为取得较高的(火用)效率,传热单元数和水当量比应仔细被选定择,它们有一最佳值。
be selected:被选定
Methods: Seventy-one patients with bone metastatic carcinoma were divided into 2 groups and treated with protocol A or B, respectively.
方法:以A(化疗+抗骨吸收剂+促骨形成剂)和B(化疗+抗骨吸收剂)2种方案被分开组治疗71例骨转移癌,对照被分开析效果。
were divided:被分开
A reversed-phase HPLC method was established for determination of OND drug plasma concentration. Pharmacokinetics of ondansetron sustained-release capsule and conventional capsule was studied in three dogs.
以HPLC方法测定人体内血药浓度，以普通制剂为对照，被研究了盐酸昂丹司琼缓释微丸的家犬体内相对生物利用度和药代动力学。
was studied:被研究
A water soluble, cationic organic flocculent was synthesized with dicyandiamide formaldehyde as main raw material and with the introduction of additives, which was used in combination with polyaluminium chloride (PAC), an inorganic flocculent, to treat the wastewater from dye stuff production.
以双氰胺-甲醛为主要原料并引入添加剂合成了水溶性阳离子有机絮凝剂,并与无机絮凝剂聚合氯化铝(PAC)配合被使用,处理染料废水。
was used:被使用
Methods The posterior island flap of leg pedicled with sural nerve and its nutrient vessels was applied to repair heel or dorsom of foot in 10 cases, the range of flap was 4 cm×6 cm～8 cm×12 cm.
方法 被应用腓肠神经营养血管蒂逆行岛状皮瓣修复足背及足跟皮肤软组织缺损 10例，皮瓣切取范围 4cm× 6cm～ 8cm× 12cm。
was applied:被应用
Objective To construct DNA vaccine against human papillomavirus type 11, target gene E6 was cloned from biopsy of condyloma tissues.
目的 为构建人乳头瘤病毒 1 1型 (HPV1 1 )DNA疫苗，从尖锐湿疣病变组织中被克隆疫苗靶基因E6。
was cloned:被克隆
Oxygen-acetylene flame spray welding technique is selected to use for the strengthening treatment. PHNi60A+WC15% is taken as the strengthening material. The welding technology is determined to obtain a spray welding thickness of 0.5mm and a surface hardness of higher than 60HRC.
在对比分析各种表面强化技术特点和磨损试验的基础上，确定氧 乙炔火焰喷焊技术是强化滑块表面较为合理的方法，强化材料被选中用PHNi60A +WC15 %，喷焊层厚度为 0 5mm，表面硬度≥ 60HRC，并制定了相应的喷焊工艺 ;
is selected:被选中
Results (1) Insulin B chain gene was cloned by RT PCR, which ligated with pcDNA3 plasmid. Insulin B chain DNA vaccine was constructed.
结果(1)运用RT PCR扩增技术，被克隆胰岛素B链基因，构建成胰岛素B链基因疫苗。
was cloned:被克隆
Methods 52 patients with AOPP were divided into two groups:(1)atropine group(atropine+2PAM·Cl) 22 cases;
方法 AOPP患者 5 2例被分开为两组，阿托品组 2 2例，用阿托品 +氯解磷定治疗 ;
were divided:被分开
Firstly, adopting the technique of data adding interference, make string data stream inputted at a high bit rate and false random preface to add in row mold 2. Error correction coding and data intertexture for data bytes added interference were taken, and then it was divided average into N paths by string-parallel conversion.
采用数据加扰技术使输入的高码率串行数据流与8bit伪随机序列进行模2加。 对加扰后的数据字节进行纠错编码和数据交织,再经串/并转换均匀被分开散成N路。
was divided:被分开
Methods: 60 Adult Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into normal control group, ischemic groups (divided by various reperfusing periods: 15min, 30min, 1h, 2h, 4h, 12h and 24h), and drug administration groups (L-NNA l0mg/kg group, L-NNA 25mg/kg, AG l0mg/kg group, AG25mg/kg group and normal saline control group).
方法：成年SD大鼠60只，被分开正常对照组、缺血组(依再灌注后存活时间不同被分开15min、30min、1h、2h、4h、12h、24h组)、药物治疗组(L-NNA10mg／kg组、L-NNA25mg／kg组、AG10mg／kg组、AG25mg／kg组、生理盐水对照组)。
were divided:被分开
[Methods] The selected 98 older patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were divided into two groups:the observation group,48 patients associated with acute cerebral infarction,and the control group with 50 cases who had not acute cerebral infarction.
方法选择98例老年2型糖尿病患者被分开为2组,48例2型糖尿病合并急性脑梗死为观察组,50例无脑梗死2型糖尿病患者为对照组。
were divided:被分开
Methods: Sixty -four patients with OC in different clinical and histological classifications were studied for their expression contents of CD44 splice variant v6 protein(CD44v6) by flow cytometry(FCM).
方法：对64例不同临床期别及组织学类型的卵巢癌细胞CD44v6表达进行了流式细胞免疫学定量被研究。
were studied:被研究
The crude pigment was purified by AB-8 Macro-porous Resin and the adsorption capacity of the resin was determined to be 0.055g/ml resin.
采用AB-8大孔树脂对该色素粗提液进行被净化，测得树脂的饱和吸附容量为0.055g／ml树脂。
was purified:被净化
The effective constituents were accumulated by using the content of Sarsasapogenin as index. Firstly, AB-8 macropore absorbed resin was choosed as the optimal technique for isolation, and the concentration of sample was 0.5g/ml, the flowing speed of absorption ang unabsorption were 1.0g/ml and 2.0g/ml.
接着以菝葜皂苷元的含量为指标,采用大孔树脂法定向地富集有效成分,首先优被选中出AB-8型大孔吸附树脂,确定了上样量为1:5(提取物:树脂),样品浓度为0.5g/ml,吸附流速为1.0ml/min,洗脱流速为2.0ml/min。
was choosed:被选中
Method: Ziziphus Jujuba was cut up and extracted by 20% ethanol -water solution. The concentrated solution was purified by micro porous resins, with elution of pH and solvent gradient.
方法:市售大枣切碎用20%乙醇水提取,pH与有机溶剂协同作用下经过大孔树脂梯度分离被净化环磷酸腺苷。
was purified:被净化
In light of the difficulties and key p roble ms with oil and gas exploration in the basin,a systematic research on the reserv oir formation conditions and exploration prospects was carried out from four asp ects as petroleum system,reservoir formation mechanism,resources and beneficial area,which indicates that the South Zhunge'er Foreland Basin possesses the condi tions of forming large and medium sized gas fields.
针对准南油气勘探的难点和中心问题，从含油气系统、油气成藏机制、资源潜力和有利区被带走 4个方面，对准南油气成藏条件及勘探前景进行了较系统的研究，认为准南具备形成大中型气田的地质条件。
was carried:被带走
Methods: Eighty six patients with angina were divided into two groups: 46 patients treated with diltiazem 50 mg in 5% glucose 250 ml, intravenous drip, once daily for 10 d as treatment group;
方法：86例心绞痛患者被分开为两组，其中治疗组46例，用地尔硫50mg加入5％葡萄糖液250ml中静滴，1次／d，连续10d；
were divided:被分开
Methods: 126 patients (pta) with locally advanced NW (stage N2、 N3) were divided into two groups.
方法：126例 N2、N3期鼻咽癌随机被分开入放、化疗组（63例）及单纯放疗组（63例）。
were divided:被分开
Methods The villous taken form 120 normal pregnant whose plan induced abortion in early pregnant women were divided into six groups:Ⅰ(control group),Ⅱ,Ⅲ,Ⅳ,Ⅴ(respectively exposed for 5,10,20,30minutes),lipid peroxides change detected after 1 hour),Ⅵ(for 30 minutes,lipid peroxides change detected after 7～10 days).
方法 取 12 0名孕 6～ 8周拟行人工流产孕妇，随机被分开成正常对照组 (Ⅰ组 )、辐照 5min(Ⅱ组 )、10min(Ⅲ组 )、2 0min(Ⅳ组 )、30min(Ⅴ组 )于 1h内取绒毛，超声辐照 30min(Ⅵ组 )于 7～ 10d后取绒毛。
were divided:被分开
Methods The human fibroblasts were stimulated with different concentrations of IGF 1 (0, 5, 10, 50ng/ml) for 72h, then total RNA was extracted and detected the expression of MMP 2 and TIMP 1 mRNA levels by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT PCR).
方法 用不同浓度的IGF 1(0、5、10、5 0ng/ml)刺激人肾间质成纤维细胞，培养 72h后，被提取RNA，RT PCR法检测MMP 2和TIMP 1mR NA的量。
was extracted:被提取
The recombinant plasmids pLNCXHLF were introduced into mouse mammary tumor cell line MA-782 by liposome entrapment. Positive single clonal cells were selected with G418 and PCR.
利用脂质体包裹重组质粒pLNCXHLF，导入到小鼠乳腺癌细胞株MA-782中，G418及PCR筛被选中获得阳性单克隆细胞。
were selected:被选中
Cells were stained by Giemsa,and used for detecting the expression of p65(a subunit of NF-κB) and IκBα by immunocytochemical method and Western blot.
同时对细胞进行 Giem sa被染了、免疫细胞化学被染了 (一抗分别为 anti- p6 5、anti- IκBα)。 Western blot检测 IκBα的表达。
were stained:被染了
Since the alkaloids increased the left ventricular work but not the oxygen consumption, the mechanical efficiency of myocardium was elevated from 15% for the premedicated heart to 20%.
萝芙木碱能加強左心室作功量,而心肌氧消耗量并未增被提升,故計算出心肌机械作功率从15%提被提升到20%。
was elevated:被提升
When sediment concentration was 10 g/L and concentration of CaCl2 and MgCl2 ranged from 0 to 1.0mmol/L, the effect of organic matter, CaCl2 and MgCl2 on flocculation and settling of fine sediment in static water was studied with pipette technique. The results showed that fine sediment settled and flocculated faster after removal of organic matter, and optimal electrolyte concentration for the flocculation became lower.
在CaCl2和MgCl2浓度为0~1.0mmol/L,泥沙浓度为10g/L时,用吸管法被研究了有机质、CaCl2和MgCl2对细颗粒泥沙静水絮凝沉降的影响,结果表明,去除有机质后,细颗粒泥沙絮凝沉降加快,其絮凝所需的最佳电解质浓度降低;
was studied:被研究
The catalysts used in the preparation of diacetone alcohol (DA) by the Aldol condensation were studied in detail, and a new kind of catalyst Ca(OH) 2/Al 2O 3 is developed. It is shown that the reactivity and the selectivity of the catalyst are both satisfactory.
对丙酮经Aldol缩合制二丙酮醇 (DA)的催化剂进行了被研究，研制出新型催化剂Ca(OH) 2 /Al2 O3,这种催化剂对丙酮的缩合反应具有较理想的活性及选择性。
were studied:被研究
To investigate the practical value of immunohistochemistry(IHC) in the differential diagnosis of spindle cell tumors of the skin (SCTS),CK, Vim, SMA, Des, S-100 protein, HMB45 and CD34 were selected in the study of 80 cases of SCTS.
为探讨免疫组织化学在皮肤梭形细胞肿瘤鉴别诊断中的应用价值，被选中用7种抗体(CK，vimentin, SMA，desmin, S-100蛋白，HMB45和CD34)对80例皮肤梭形细胞肿瘤进行分析。
were selected:被选中
Through investigations of the present structures, indoor and outdoor tests and many theoretical calculations for asphalt pavement of semi rigid base of high class highway in the middle southern zone of China, the traffic volume level and subgrade strength level are divided reasonably. Finally, the designing maps for typical structures of semi rigid pavement are recomended, which are suitable for different traffic volume level and subgrade strength level of the climatic characteristics and the natural conditions in the middle southern zone.
通过对中南片区高等级公路半刚性基层沥青路面现有结构的调查研究，室内外试验被分开析，以及大量的理论计算，合理地划被分开了交通量等级与土基强度等级，最终推荐了适合于中南片区气候特点和自然条件的不同交通量等级与不同土基强度等级的半刚性路面典型结构设计图式。
are divided:被分开
Methods Thirty-two patients definitely diagnosed as diabetes type 2, DN participated in the study. According to intraglomerular coagulation index (ICI) less than 0. 5 or more than 1. 0 and whether or not receiving warfarin therapy, they were divided into 4 groups including 6 cases as low ICI non-warfarin(LNW) group, 6 cases as LW group, 11 cases as high ICI non-warfarin(HNW) group and 9 cases as HW group.
方法 32例 2型糖尿病肾病（DN）患者，以肾小球内凝血指数（IC）＜0．5或＞1．0和是否应用warfarin治疗被分开为4组：低指数非应用（LNW）组6例，低指数应用（LW）组6例； 高指数非应用（HNW）组11例，高指数应用（HW）组9例。
were divided:被分开
Methods:Sixty older hypertensive patients, ASA gradeⅡ～Ⅲ,undergoing surgery were divided randomly into general anesthesia group (group A)and combined general anesthesia with epidural block group (group B) with 30 casesin in each.
方法选择择期上腹部手术老年高血压患者60例,ASA~级,随机被分开为全麻组(A组)和浅全麻联合硬膜外麻醉组(B组),每组30例。
were divided:被分开
Reaction kinetics of partial-oxidation of pentlandite in fluidized reactor at temperatures 500, 550, 600 or 650℃, and partial pressure of oxygen 0.1—0.5 atm, was studied by using concentration cell of oxygen with zirconia and yttria as electrolyte.
本文利用流态化反应器与氧化锆固体电解质氧浓差电池组合,被研究了镍黄铁矿在500,550,600和650℃,氧分压为0.1—0.5大气压下的反应速度变化规律。
was studied:被研究
This technique is divided into two parts: the container seedling raising and container seedling planting.
该项技术被分开为容器育苗和容器苗造林两部被分开。
is divided:被分开
Using thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), the gasification kinetics of 7kind coals at high temperature were studied under programmed temperaturecondition.
本文首先利用程序升温的热重分析方法对 7 种不同煤样进行了煤的高温气化动力学的被研究。
were studied:被研究
The four part: Researching into the quatitical normaly of Rab The quantitative studies of the effective constituents in Rab were studied by means of orthogonal experimental design, UV spectrograph and HPLC.
本部分采用正交实验L_(12)(4~3)和紫外分析及高效液色谱相结合的方法，对Rab中有效成分进行了定量化的被研究。
were studied:被研究
The electrochemistry behavior,surface microstructure and forming process of trivalent chromium passivation film were studied by electrochemical methods,scanning electron microscopy and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy.
采用电化学方法、扫描电镜和X射线光电子能谱被研究了锌酸盐镀锌层的三价铬钝化膜的电化学性能、表面结构与成膜机理。
were studied:被研究
Methods Sixty 6-week KM mice were divided into six groups, five male and five female in each group.
方法 6周龄普通级昆明(KM)小鼠60只随机被分开为6组，雌雄各半，建立嗅球摘除假手术组、不完全嗅球摘除组、嗅球完全摘除组；
were divided:被分开
With the two commercial packages ANSYS and CFX,the electromagnetic driven flow field in the aluminum electrolysis cell was studied by finite element method and finite volume method.
采用商业软件ANSYS与CFX相结合的方法,运用有限元及有限体积法与两相流模型对300 kA铝电解槽导电磁流体的铝液、电解质两相湍流流动进行被研究,并耦合VOF算法追踪铝液界面波动,模拟计算正常工况及角部换极下的稳态流场。
was studied:被研究
High performance liquid chromatographic determination of endogenous hormones， correlation between grain filling parameters and grain filling degree of inter- subspecies hybrid rice, the mechanism and chemical regulation of grain filling were studied in this dissertation, using inter-subspecies hybrid rice combinations with different grain degree, intervarietal crossing rice and conventional rice as materials, the results showed that:
本论文选用不同籽粒充实度的亚种间杂交稻、品种间杂交稻和常规稻为材料，分别对亚种间杂交稻内源激素的高效液相色谱测定方法、籽粒灌浆特性与籽粒充实度的关系、籽粒灌浆的生理生化机理及其化学调控等方面进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The matter transference and milking characters after flowering in different maturing phases of wheat were studied in this paper.
本文对小麦不同熟相类型花后物质运转与灌浆特性进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
the excess earning of a fund is divided into selection earnings and risk earnings,and simultaneously the paper further decomposes selection earnings and risk earnings, and reveals the source of excess earning to provide investors refers for better choosing funds variety;
基金组合的超额收益被分开解为选择收益与风险收益,同时进一步被分开解选择收益与风险收益,揭示超额收益的来源,为投资者更好地选择基金品种提供参考;
is divided:被分开
The PCB wastewater of Dajin Electronic Co.，Ltd is divided into washing wastewater,organic wastewater with high concentration,complexed wastewater,concentrated acid waste liquor etc.
本文介绍的达进电子有限公司PCB废水被分开为:清洗废水、高浓有机废水、络合废水、浓酸废液等废水。
is divided:被分开
Methods 422 cases of ARF patients front 1990 to 2000 were studied retrospectively by using binary logistic regression, linear regression and discriminant analysis.
方法 通过对我院近10年422例ARF患者临床资料的回顾性被研究，应用二值多元Logistic回归和线性回归分析对影响ARF患者病死率与肾脏预后的危险因素进行分析。
were studied:被研究
Methods: 24 rabbits were divided randomly into 4 groups:air control group,63% enriched oxygen group, 83% enriched oxygen group and pure oxygen group(n=6).
方法 :2 4只大耳白兔随机被分开为 4组 (n =6 ) :空气对照组，6 3%富氧气体组，83%富氧气体组，纯氧组。
were divided:被分开
Methods Forty New-Zealand rabbits were divided into four groups: theautograft group, the allograft group, the cyclosporine A group and thecontrol group.
方法: 新西兰白兔40 只,随机被分开为4 组,每组10 只,雌雄错配,眼部均无任何疾患。 被分开自体移植组(autograft group),异体移植组(allograft group),异体移植加免疫抑制剂组和对照组(control group)共4 组。
were divided:被分开
Optimal conditions for the extraction of flavones from bamboo leaves were systemically researched by using orthoganol design,and purification conditions were studied by using Macro-reticular resin.
采用正交试验的方法对竹叶中黄酮的乙醇提取条件进行了系统被研究,同时采用大孔吸附树脂吸附法对纯化条件进行了被研究.
were studied:被研究
The reprocession method of powdery activated carbon for decoloring xylose solution was studied in this paper. The effects of operating parameters such as hydrochloric acid concentration,activation temperature and time on the properties of reprocessed activated carbon were examined. The optimum technological parameters of reprocessing activated carbon namely hydrochloric acid concentration of 8 %,activation temperature of 800 ℃ and time of 6 h were found by orthogonal test.
本文对木糖液脱色用粉末活性炭的再生方法进行了被研究,考察了盐酸浓度、活化温度及活化时间对再生活性炭性能的影响,采用正交试验方法得出再生废活性炭的最佳工艺参数,即盐酸浓度为8%、活化温度为800℃、活化时间为6h。
was studied:被研究
Methods\ By using bisulfite genomic sequencing method, the methylation status of ER gene was studied in the prostate cancer cell line and microdissected prostate cancer samples.
方法 采用亚硫酸氢盐基因组测序法被研究前列腺癌细胞系和显微解剖的前列腺癌标本的ER基因的甲基化状态。
was studied:被研究
The taxpayers’ rights and interests refer to the rights and interests that belongs to the taxpayers and in some degree the taxpayers can counter the tax authority or even the country and should be protected by the law.
通过分析，纳税人权利具有法定性、与税务机关义务的对应性，是一种身份权、共益权、社会权，是纳税人的财产所有权所衍生的权利。 进而，文章又立足权利与义务相对应的角度，平衡行政权力、被保护弱势利益的角度，充分发挥税收职能作用的角度，论述了确立纳税人权利的必要性。
be protected:被保护
Employing air-dry preparation, surface-spread preparation, sliver-stained preparation, C-banding and G-banding technique and electron microscope technique, the morphological characteristics and behaviors of the chromosomes in the mitosis and meiosis of beet armyworm were studied. The further work about kyrotypes and bandings of chromosomes in mitotic early metaphase and synaptonemal complex in meiotic pachytene and submicroscopic structure of synaptonemal complex was carried out.
本文采用空气干燥法，表面铺张法，银染和C-被带走、G-被带走分被带走技术，以及电镜技术，从甜菜夜蛾有丝分裂和减数分裂染色体形态和行为入手，循序渐进地对有丝分裂早中期染色体和粗线期联会复合体(SO)的核型、被带走型，以及联会复合体的亚显微结构进行了研究，旨在为进一步研究甜菜夜蛾的遗传防治和抗药性机理奠定基础。
was carried:被带走
Based on the Duncan-Chang E-B model, which can simulate earth-rock dam's non-linear mechanics behavior well, the paper introduced the nature coordinate system to the stress space. In this way, hydrostatic stress and stress deviator were decomposed each other. Therefore, a partial derivative formulation about displacement and parameter in finite element evaluation was derived in a closed form.
论文以能较好模拟土石坝非线性力学行为的Duncan-Chang E-B模型为基础，通过引入应力空间下的自然坐标系，分解应力球量与应力偏量，从而被导出一个在有限元计算中，位移对参数偏导数的闭合形式公式。
was derived:被导出
In this thesis,the curing reaction between BPA-novolac and brominized epoxy resin CYDB-521A-80 was studied by means of differential scanning calorimeter(DSC)and the kinetic equation and the curing mechanism were obtained.
应用示差扫描量热仪 (DSC)技术对双酚A线性酚醛 (BPA -novolac)与溴化环氧树脂CYDB - 5 2 1A -80 (A - 80 )的固化反应进行被研究，得到其固化反应机理及动力学方程 ;
was studied:被研究
The advanced effective A/O,A — A/O process and anaerobic-aerobic biochemical and oxidation-contact biological degradation process and operational effectiveness were emphatically introduced. The factors that affected the biological denitrogenation in the coking-plant wastewater were pointed out.
着重介绍了先进有效的A/O、A—A/O和缺氧—好氧—接触氧化的工艺流程及运行效果,被指向出了影响焦化废水生物脱氮效果的因素。
were pointed:被指向
Method: The expression of Bel - 2 mRNA, proliferating cell antigen (PCNA) and the apoptosis of medulloblastoma from 84 children with 3,5,10 survival years (group A, B, C), respectively were studied with in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry, and in situ death detection (Tunel method) .
方法:以84例获随访的儿童髓母细胞瘤组织(按术后生存期3、5、10年分为A、B、C三组)为被研究对象,用原位杂交及免疫组化染色法分别检测Bcl-2mRNA和增殖细胞核抗原(PCNA)的表达,并用31末端标记法做原位细胞凋亡检测。
were studied:被研究
In this paper, a method of isolating DNA and RAPD was studied by 4 tea cultivars from Yunnan.
以宜良宝洪茶、莽水大叶原头茶、波上金苔、云抗 10号 4个云南茶树品种为材料，对其DNA提取和RAPD分子标记方法进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
A 3D nonsaturated saturated mathematical model of unstable seepage flow depicts the dynamic wetting process of infusion in seam,which was solved by finite-element method.
用非饱和———饱和三维非稳定渗流数学模型描述煤层注水湿润的动态过程，用有限元数值被解决了法求被解决了。 认为煤体注水湿润近似符合饱和模型，构造了湿润过程中煤体贮水系数、导水系数与湿润压力关系。
was solved:被解决了
With the development the sub-level caving, it's scope of being used has increasingly expanded, and has succeeded in using in hard coal seam by artificial assist methods such as water infusion in coal seam, pre-blasting in coal seam.
随着放顶煤技术的发展，被使用范围逐渐扩大，目前放顶煤开采通过采取煤层注水、超前预爆破等顶煤弱化辅助手段成功地应用于坚硬煤层中。
being used:被使用
Results were as following. 1、By cluster analysis of rice panicle traits,36 japonica cultivars are divided into three types -the tight type, the medium type and the disperse type.
结果如下:1、对粳稻品种进行穗部性状被分开析,结果表明:36个品种可被分开为紧穗型、散穗型和中间型三类。
are divided:被分开
The time of initial urination of the grafted kidneys in group A, B and C after the blood flow being opened was 15.63 ± 6.21 min, 5.22 ± 1.33 min and 22.31 ± 4.45 min, respectively. The time in group A and C was significantly longer than in group B ( P < 0.05 ).
A、B、C各组移植肾恢复血流后被打开始排尿的时间分别为15．63±6．21分、5．22±1．33分和22．31±4．45分，A、C组均明显长于B组（P＜0．05）。
being opened:被打开
Methods\ A repairing model of trauma of bile duct in the dog was made. The dogs were divided into one week group, 3 week group, 3 month group and 6 month group.
方法 通过制作犬胆管损伤修复模型，术后被分开为 1周组、3周组、3个月组、6个月组。
were divided:被分开
And the key topics are valve management strategy,rotor heating stress control strategy,ATC control strategy and swinging load control,etc. In the industrial experiment of gas turbine units in Shengli Power Plant,Xinhua's DEH system was selected as the control equipment of DEH adjustment system.
胜利发电厂200MW汽轮机组进行工业试验,数字电液系统的控制设备被选中用上海新华控制有限公司的数字电液控制系统(DEH),软件通过组态方式实现机组转速、负荷、超速保护、协调控制及阀门管理和ATC控制逻辑,各项试验数据表明,控制系统设计先进、合理、功能齐全,使200MW机组的运行指标大幅提高,为老机组的现代化改造走出一条新路。
was selected:被选中
Methods The accessory foramina of 82 mandible on the lateral surface were studied and statistically analysed.
方法 对82例下颌骨外侧面下颌副孔进行被研究并统计分析。
were studied:被研究
In this paper, a linearizing model of resistance-heated furnace is established by means of combining the mathematical analysis with the identification in time domain, a regulation law is selected by use of the method of continuous wishful closed-loop property, the regulation parameters are set by using the 4:1 relaxation procedure as the index.
本文用数学分析和时域识别相结合的方法建立电阻炉的线性化模型,用连续化的期望闭环特性法被选中择调节规律,以4:1衰减过程为指标对调节器参数进行理论整定。
is selected:被选中
In this paper, SMA mixture gradation design and anti-slip performance in this area were researched scientifically. Furthermore, the influence of aggregate content between 4. 75 mm and 2. 36 mm and asphalt content in SMA mineral aggregate gradation were studied deliberately.
就该段SMA混合料的配比设计及抗滑性能进行了系统被研究,并深入探讨了SMA混合料矿料级配中4.75-2.36 mm集料的用量及沥青用量对抗滑性的影响。
were studied:被研究
Methods An experimental model of 12 mm bone defect in the lef t ulna of 16 rabbits was adopted. These rabbits were divided into experimental g r oup and control group at random.
方法 采用日本大耳白兔 16只，手术造成左尺骨中上段 12mm骨缺损实验模型，随机被分开为实验组及对照组，实验组缺损内植入以牛松质骨基质颗粒 (经脱钙、脱蛋白及高温、高压处理 )为载体的牛骨形态发生蛋白 (bBMP) 10mg ;
were divided:被分开
With Bt transgenic cotton kemian 1 as the tested material,the effect of nitrogen and the ratio of nitrogen,phosphorus to potassium on the lint yield and fiber quality was studied in theis paper.
以Bt转基因抗虫棉科棉1号为试验材料,被研究了氮肥和氮磷钾配比对皮棉产量和纤维品质的影响。
was studied:被研究
Using two beam coupling experiment, the dependence of the diffraction efficiency and the response time of the co-doped Mn:Mg:LiNbO_3 crystals on the Mn concentration and the post treatment was studied systematically.
利用二波耦合实验被研究了Mn:Mg:LiNbO_3的光折变性能,结果表明:在掺入5mol.
was studied:被研究
In order to remove the organic matter Drinking Water Source, technological conditions of strengthening coagulation using Al_(13) polymer as coagulant and photocatalysis using nano-CeO_2 crystal as photocatalyst were studied in the paper.
本文还对以聚合十三铝为混凝剂的强化混凝和以纳米二氧化铈晶体为光催化剂的光催化去除饮用水源水中有机物的工艺条件进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The electronic structure of Fe3/Cr3 superlattices was calculated by the full-potential linearized augmented plan-wave(FLAPW) method within first-principle formalism. The distribution of magnetic moments and state density was studied for the ferromagnetic coupling state and the antiferromagnetic coupling state respectively.
采用基于第一性原理的全势线性缀加平面波方法(FLAPW),计算了超晶格Fe3/Cr3的电子结构,被研究了该体系在铁磁耦合与反铁磁耦合两种状态下的磁矩分布和能态密度.
was studied:被研究
It was found that PB and SBR rubber particles were dispersed homogeneously in SAN matrix,and their particle sizes were about 0.28μm and 0.05μm respectively.
结果发现，PB和SBR橡胶粒子均匀地被分散在SAN基体中，其粒径分别为 0 2 8μm和 0 0 5 μm左右。
were dispersed:被分散
Based on the non geostrophic Q vector, taking account of the main heating forcing factor —diabatic heating of the development of synoptic system, the concept of non geostrophic wet Q vector was proposed, an expression of the non geostrophic wet Q vector and the whole non geostrophic ω equation, in which the divergence of non geostrophic wet Q vector was taken as an only forcing term, was derived in this paper.
在非地转 Q矢量的基础上，考虑天气系统发展的主要热力强迫因子——非绝热加热作用，引入非地转湿 Q矢量的概念，并推被导出其表达式以及用非地转湿 Q矢量散度为唯一强迫项所表示的非地转ω方程。
was derived:被导出
By means of the probability and statistics theory, the Grey system theory, the artificial neural network system theory, and the liner programming theory, the oil spill risk analysis of ships and some problems with rather close relationship with it was studied in the thesis.
本文应用概率与数理统计理论、灰色系统理论、人工神经网络理论、线性规划等理论或方法，对于船舶海上溢油风险问题进行了较为全面的理论分析与应用被研究。
was studied:被研究
The T lymphocyte subsets and NK cells in the study group were elevated in varying degree in comparison with those in the control group, and the differences were significant (P<0.05).
试验组的T-淋巴细胞亚群和NK细胞均有不同程度的提被提升,与对照组相比有显著差异(P<0.05)。
were elevated:被提升
Experiments of sensitivity test of drug show that the newdrug Kang Gong Ling Ⅰand Ⅱ are capable of restraining highly pathogenicbacteria from causing endometritis. The cure rate can be raised by 19.3%and 14.6% respectively when treated with Kang Gong Ling Ⅰ and Ⅱ incomparison with the routine treatment.
药敏试验证明,治疗新药——“康宫灵”Ⅰ、Ⅱ号对导致子宫内膜炎的病原菌具有被提升度抑菌作用,治愈率较常规疗法分别提被提升19.3%和14.6%。
be raised:被提升
The effect of photoperiod insensitive gene Ppd1 on characteristics of winter wheat were studied in Shijiazhuang winter wheat environments,by using 6 sets of near isogenic lines respectively in 6 genetic background of AVALON,BRIGAND,BRIMSTONE,MERCIA,NORMAN and RENDZVOUS.
利用携带光周期迟钝基因 (Photoperiod1简称Ppd1)的 6套近等基因系分别与其背景亲本AVALON，BRIGAND，BRIMSTONE，MERCIA，NORMAN及RENDZVOUS相比较，被研究该基因在石家庄地区生态条件下对冬小麦农艺性状的影响。
were studied:被研究
The reaction between niobium(V) and chlorophosphonazo MK(CPAMK) was sensitive at pH 10.88.The spectra correctiontechnique was applied to investigate the property coustauts of the Nb-CPAMK complex,such as the complexation ratio,stepwise absorptivity and stability constant.
在pH 10.88溶液中，铌 (V)与偶氮氯膦 MK(CPAMK)发生配位反应。 本文被应用光谱修正技术研究配合物溶液性质常数如络合物组成比、逐级摩尔吸收系数、稳定常数等的测定。
was applied:被应用
Methods A total of 38 patients with SAP were divided into two groups randomly; TPN group ( n =23) and TEN group ( n =15). Pancreatic infection and intestinal bacterial translocation were observed.
方法38例急性胰腺炎患者随机被分开成全胃肠道外营养（TPN）23例，及全肠内营养（TEN）15例两组，对其胰床感染及肠道细菌移位情况进行观察。
were divided:被分开
The nitrogen loss and its restraining technology were studied in aerobic composting also.
同时，本文就城市固废好氧堆肥过程中氮的损失与防治技术也进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The results show that the surface area gradually increases as the roasted temperature is raised from 300℃ to 500℃. The surface area rapidly decreases when the temperature get to 600℃.
首先考察了焙烧温度对其比表面积的影响，结果发现在300～500℃范围内，随着焙烧温度的提被提高，层柱分子筛的比表面积逐渐增大，600℃以后比表面积迅速下降；
is raised:被提高
As for the condensation reaction, hydrochloride acid was used both as solvent for MPC and as catalyst, and MDC yield was 78.4% under recycling the reaction solution twice.
在 MPC缩合反应中，盐酸既作为催化剂又作为溶剂，且母液循环被使用两次时，MDC的收率为 78.4 %;
was used:被使用
The effec of different peak temperature ( Tm ) and cooling time ( t 8/5 ) on microstructure, hardness, impact toughness and fracture morphology in the heat-affected zone (HAZ) of HQ130 steel was studied by using matallography, SEM and the weld thermo-simulation test.
采用金相、扫描电镜（SEM）和热模拟方法，被研究了不同峰值温度（Tm）和冷却时间（t8／5）对HQ130钢焊接热影响区（HAZ）显微组织、冲击韧性和断口形态的影响。
was studied:被研究
Based on these annalysises, at the end of the text, Xi'an Jiao Tong University selecting partner for the innovation item,which is " simulative TV full-degree VBI received card " is choosed to demonstrate the model of cooperating innovation for select partner.
在完成这些理论分析的基础上,本文最后利用实证分析,以西安交大“模拟电视全程VBI接收卡”技术创新合作伙伴被选中择为例,对本文所建的合作技术创新伙伴被选中择两阶段模型进行了实践运用和验证。
is choosed:被选中
The results showed that the percentage of VA mycorrhizal infection was 52 6% for M 32 P and 56 7% for M 86 Rb. Plant height,dry weight and the uptake of phosphorus and potassium were 2 1 and 1 8 times,2 4 and 2 5 times,5 6 and 4 1 times as that of control respectively. The utilization rate of phosphorus and potassium were raised by 14 10% and 17 13% respectively.
试验结果证明：菌根浸染率，32P组合为5260％、86Rb组合为5670％，茶树株被提升分别是对照的210倍和250倍，对磷、钾元素的吸收量分别比对照增加460和310倍，磷肥利用率提被提升1410％、钾肥利用率提被提升1713％。
were raised:被提升
According to the rock type, sedimentary texture, paleontologic species and facies indicator mineral, it has been divided into three sedimentary facies area of first order as fellows: the platform of Ba mianshan, the slope of Wulingshan and the marian basin of Xuefengshan, and a correspondent model of sedimentary facies has been preliminaryly established.
根据岩石类型、沉积构造、古生物和指相矿物,被分开别划被分开为八面山台地、武陵山斜坡和雪峰山海盆三个一级沉积相区,并初步建立了相应的沉积相模式。
been divided:被分开
Using stems as materials,propagation in vitro of Dioscorea fordii Prain et Burkill was studied under the temperature of(25±1)℃,illumination intensity of 24～30 μmol·m-2·s-1 and illumination time of 10 h/d,in the MS basic culture medium.
以淮山(Dioscorea fordii Prain et Burkill)茎段为材料,以MS为基本培养基,在(25±1)℃、光照强度24~30μmol/m2.s-1、光照时间10 h/d条件下对淮山的组织培养与快速繁殖技术进行了被研究.
was studied:被研究
The land quality in Xianyang downtown area is divided into five grades, the second grade land is the biggest one,followed by the first, third,fourth and fifth grade of land.
咸阳市区土地质量可被分开五等,以二等地面积最大,一等地次之,三、四、五等地面积较小。
is divided:被分开
The electromagnetic field distribution was studied to explain the increased electromagnetic force after installing permanent magnets in a movable magnetic coils control rod drive mechanism.
为了解释控制棒可动线圈电磁驱动机构加入永磁后电磁力增强的机理,对机构的电磁机理及分布进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
The C2 amino group in chitosan was protected from the reaction between benzaldehyde and chitosan to form N-benzylidene chitosan (CTB).
利用壳聚糖 C2位上活泼氨基与苯甲醛反应，制得了被保护氨基的Schiff碱壳聚糖（简称 CTB）；
was protected:被保护
This thesis is divided into four sections,and adds the foreword and epilogue in order to keep the integrity of it.
另外，为了保持论文的完整性，在开头和结尾被分开别加了引言和结语。
is divided:被分开
The relation between the sex development and adolescent height spurt was studied through height measurement and division of sex development stages in 2 111 healthy males aging 9 to 17 from 1995 to 1996 in Guiyang.
对贵阳市区2111名9～17岁健康男性进行身高测量和性发育分期，被研究性发育与青春期身高突增的关系。
was studied:被研究
Based on analysis and research on the operation of sludge scraper & suction machine in end sedimentation tank, faults and shortcomings in design and installation of the equipment have been pointed out, and the reform on the machine to meet the technical requirements is also introduced.
通过对济南市水质净化二厂DE氧化沟处理中的终沉池ZXQ-54型刮吸泥机的运行情况分析研究,被指明出设备设计和安装中的失误和存在:吸泥量明显不足; 泥管极易堵塞;
been pointed:被指明
The corrosion inhibition of BTA and its derivative 4CBTA on Cu electrode in 3% NaCl solution was studied by SERS technique.
用表面增强拉曼光谱技术 (SERS)对在 3 %NaCl溶液中苯并三氮唑 (BTA)及其衍生物 4 羧基苯并三氮唑 (4CBTA)对铜的缓蚀作用机理进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
The precision of finite element solution of the eigenvalue problem of the Biharmonic equation is λ h-λ=O(h 2) . The λ h is extrapolated by Richardson extrapolation method,and the result λ^ h-λ=O(h 3.5 )is obtained. The precision of eigenvalue approximation is raised from O(h 2) to O(h 3 5 ) .
Biharmonic方程的本征值问题的有限元解的精度为λh-λ =O (h2 )，用Richandson外推的方法，λh 进行外推，得到外推结果为λ^h-λ =O(h3 5)，本征值精度从O(h2 )提被提高到O(h3 5)，外推方法是提被提高有限元解精度的有效方法 .
is raised:被提高
The friction and wear properties of UHMW-PE composites filled with MoS2, PTFFE, carbon fiber, glass fiber and graphite were studied by using MPV-200 model friction and wear tester and caustic-wear one.
用MPV－200型摩擦磨损试验机和腐蚀磨损试验机，被研究了MoS2、PTFE、石墨、玻璃纤维、碳纤维等填料对超高分子量聚乙烯（UHMW－PE）摩擦磨损性能的影响，结果表明：填充MoS2、PTFE、石墨可降低UHMW－PE的摩擦系数； 而添加玻璃纤维则增大了UHMW－PE的摩擦系数；
were studied:被研究
Microstructure of 32 varieties of vegetables were studied by using botanical means to provide basis for the retaining freshness of vegetable.
为给蔬菜的贮藏保鲜提供依据，采用植物学的方法，解析了 32种蔬菜的微观结构特点，主要被研究参数有 :单位质量蔬菜的表面积、单位面积蔬菜的气孔数、蔬菜表面的角质层厚度 .
were studied:被研究
For training the students' ability to carry out the chemistry experiment,the VCD of basic experimental operation was applied in the teaching of experimental inorgnic chemistry.
为了培养学生从事化学实验及科学研究的能力，在无机化学实验教学中被应用实验操作录相片，可以收到较好的教学效果
was applied:被应用
Bulk single crystals of Zinc Oxide(ZnO) were grown by the hydrothermal method using a pressure-resistant autoclave and a Au inner container in it for preventing impurity incorporation from the surface. KOH、NaOH and Na_2CO_3 was used as mineralizer Structure and morphological characteristics of ZnO single crystals has been studied.
应用水热生长法,采用双温区高压反应釜、贵金属内衬,矿化剂被使用KOH、NaOH和Na2CO3,生长出了毫米级六方结构的透明ZnO单晶。
was used:被使用
The coal-forming models in late permian eporch in Guangxi are divided into "two classes and three types", the two classes are peat bog coal-forming model and peat flat coal-forming model, the three types are bog type, tidal flat type and peat flat type coal-forming models.
广西晚二叠世成煤模式划被分开为“两类三型”，即泥炭沼泽成煤模式和泥炭坪成煤模式两类，沼泽型、潮坪型和泥炭坪型等三型。
are divided:被分开
1.Separation and purification of alliinase At first, precipitation with 20% PEG8000 was selected to separate alliinase, because this method had higher purification fold of 5.19 and higher recovery of 90.93% than precipitation with 30~45% ammonium sulfate did.
主要试验结果如下:1、蒜氨酸酶的分离纯化 试验首先通过硫酸铵分级沉淀和PEG8000分级沉淀的被选中择,确定用20% PEG8000对蒜氨酸酶粗酶液进行直接沉淀,其纯化倍数为5.19倍,回收率90.93%,明显优于30%～45%硫酸铵分级沉淀法;
was selected:被选中
3, The project is put forward according to the result of Exp 2 24 20kg-weighed binary crossed DaLai Pigs were divided into 2 groups, Each groups had 3 duplications ? The experiment lasted 67 days ?
试验三根据试验二的结果，提出微量元素盈缺方案，并选用体况良好的20Kg左右的二元杂交大莱猪24头，被分开为两组，每组3个重复，进行微量元素盈缺验证试验。
were divided:被分开
The concrete layer on the glass bead and the whole supercritical fluid in the extraction unit was studied respectively. Based on the hypotheses, by using Navier-Stokes equation, Fick 's first law of diffusion andTIthe mass balance, the model standing for the relation between the essential oil yield and the extraction time was obtained.
并分别以单个玻璃珠表面的浸膏层和整个萃取釜内的超临界流体作为被研究对象，基于一定的假设，运用Navier-Stokes方程、Fick扩散定律、物料衡算方程，列出了墨红精油的得率随萃取时间的变化关系式，建立了萃取过程的传质模型。
was studied:被研究
The process and catalyst of making benzene,toluene and xylene from heavy aromatics were introduced, and the effect of the Cr 2O 3/Al 2O 3 catalyst upon the reaction and the product of it were studied in order to enlarge the application of heavy aromatics.
介绍重芳烃轻质化制取苯、甲苯、二甲苯等产品的工艺及催化剂，被研究Cr2 O3 /Al2 O3 催化剂对其反应及产品的影响，提高重芳烃利用价值。
were studied:被研究
Results: All cases of morphologieal urethremphraxis were divided into four kinds: urethritis, urethra tumor or urethra damage and urethra deformity.
结果 :33例尿道自身性病变梗阻可被分开四类 :尿道炎性病变、尿道肿瘤、尿道损伤和尿道畸形。
were divided:被分开
In practice, there are many theory modeled lines and many kind of methods being used in research. This paper mainly studies the arc modeled line of pump cavity and uses Direct Simulation Monte Carlo Method (DSMC method).
实际设计中提出过很多理论型线，也有很多的气体研究方法，本文主要研究的是其中的圆弧形型线的抽气腔，被使用的研究方法是直接模拟蒙特卡罗方法(DSMC方法)。
being used:被使用
Methods: Cytotoxicity, telomerase activity, morphologic changes and apoptosis of gastric cancer cell lines SGC-7901 (moderately differentiated), MKN-45 (poorly differentiated), MKN-28 (well differentiated) were studied by MTT assay, telomeric repeated amplification protocol (TRAP)-microtiter plate hybridization assay, light microscopy and terminal transferase mediated dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL) method with β-elemene.
方法：应用四唑蓝（MTT）比色法、端粒重复扩增（TRAP）－微孔板杂交法、光镜检查和DNA末端原位标记染色法（TUNEL）被研究β－榄香烯对胃癌细胞株SGC－7901（中分化）、MKN－45（低分化）和MKN－28（高分化）的细胞毒作用及其对端粒酶活性、细胞形态学变化和细胞凋亡的影响。
were studied:被研究
The immobilization of fertilizer N by soil microbes and its changes in brown soils of different fertilization treatments were studied by a 14-year field location experiment using the 15N isotope tracer technique.
采集长期定位试验（14年）土壤（棕壤）进行盆栽试验，并应用同位素15N示踪技术被研究了土壤中微生物对肥料氮的固持及其动态。
were studied:被研究
By the FEM simulation software of CARBU SIM,influence of corner degree,carburizing temperature，carburizing time,carbon potential,radius of transition arc and offset to “influence distance” was studied systematically.
利用计算机模拟快速、高效的特点，借助自行开发的 CARBU- SIM有限元渗碳浓度场模拟软件，首次系统地被研究了尖角角度、渗碳温度、渗碳时间、气氛碳势、倒圆半径及倒角等各种错综复杂的因素对工件尖角部位渗碳浓度场的影响。
was studied:被研究
Thermoplastic polyurethane elastomer(TPU) with chlorinated polyethylene (CPE) and CPE/HPVC (high molecular weight PVC) as modifiers was studied systematically by melt blending.
以CPE和CPE/HPVC为改性剂，用熔融共混的方式对TPU的共混体系进行了系统的被研究。
was studied:被研究
Compositional dependence of conductivity in the Y 2O 3 and Yb 2O 3 co doped ZrO 2 materials in the temperature range of 573～873K was studied by means of the complex impedance technique. It was found that adding Yb 2O 3 into the ZrO 2 Y 2O 3 system results in the decrease in the conductivity in the intermediate and low temperature range.
采用交流复阻抗技术对 (Y2 O3,Yb2 O3)复合掺杂ZrO2材料在 5 73～ 873K这一温度范围的离子电导率随组成的变化关系进行了被研究，发现在ZrO2 Y2 O3 系统中加入Yb2 O3 会使得材料在中低温区域电导率降低。
was studied:被研究
When drilling to coring depth,the tools processed coring operation through put inner core shell and spear assembly into drill pipe after fishing out inner-tube and bit,the tools was applied in 9 wells,obtained 31 barrel cores,drilling footage to(68.87) m and get 56.96 m cores.
取心时,只需在取心层位,从钻杆内捞出内筒组件和中心钻头,投入内岩心筒总成和打捞矛总成即可进行取心作业。 研制的SZ-65型随钻取心工具在现场被应用9口井,取心31筒,总进尺68.87 m,心长56.96 m,平均岩心收获率达82.71%。
was applied:被应用
Five seasons, i.e. spring, summer, long summer, autumn and winter, are divided according to the weather conditions in most areas of China.
春、夏、长夏、秋、冬五季是根据我国大部被分开地区常年气候变化的特点而划被分开的。
are divided:被分开
Methods Three lectin(Biotin-PHA, Biotin-PHA, Biotin-DBA) were studied by affinity histochemical method in 66 cases of gastric carcinoma,32 cases of lymph node metastatic tumors and 10 cases of normal gastric mucosa.
方法应用生物素标记的3种凝集素（Biotin－PHA，Biotin－PNA，Biotin－DBA）对人体胃癌的例，淋巴结转移癌32例，正常胃粘膜10例，进行亲合组织化学法（ABC法）被研究。
were studied:被研究
Method:Arrhythmic models of mice,rabbits,guinea pigs and rats were built using chloroform(Chl),adrenalin(Adr),strophanthinK (SptK)and barium chloride (BaCl2). The affected animals were divided randomly into three groups: control group,Cinnamomum migao (CV3)group and mexiletine (MXL)group,so as to observe and compare the antiarrhythmic effects.
方法：采用氯仿、肾上腺素（Adr）、毒毛旋花子甙K（毒K）、氯化钡（BaCl2）建立小鼠、家兔、豚鼠、大鼠心律失常模型，随机被分开对照组、CV3组、慢心律组（MXL），观察各组对抗心律失常作用。
were divided:被分开
In this article, we describe the constructions in these parts, and analysis the parameter installation in the decomposition methods of each part of an ancient building with the angle of computer parametric designing. ① The platform base is divided into two forms: the regular one and Xumizuo.
并且以此为依据，从计算机参数化设计的思路和现代建筑设计习惯的角度，详细地对中国古建筑各个部被分开的被分开解方法和参数设置进行了被分开析和阐述：① 台基按照作法被分开为两种：一般台基和须弥座台基。
is divided:被分开
Methods:The expression of CD 62 P were studied by direct immunofluorescence in renal biopsy tissue and by flow cytometry in peripheral blood in patients with NS.
方法 :肾穿刺活检法取NS患者肾组织，以直接免疫荧光标记单克隆抗体、周围血以流式细胞仪的方法，进行了CD62 P表达的被研究。
were studied:被研究
In order to improve residential environment of human beings and residential sustainable development, the main problems of resident landscaping were studied and gained some ways to resolve them: interchanging among landscape architecture, architecture and urban planning; increasing surface area of urban green-land; adding the quantity of unit leaf surface area;
为了进一步促进居住环境的改善,实现居住的可持续发展,通过对居住园林化的方法被研究,探讨居住园林化的若干主要问题与解决问题的途径．提出构建风景园林与城市规划以及建筑学互动的机制、适当增加城市绿地面积、提高城市绿地的单位绿量、构建城乡一体的园林绿地网络、加强城市规划和风景园林法制建设等城市居住园林化的途径．
were studied:被研究
A three step reaction mechanism for SO 2 oxidation on Cs Rb V low temperature sulfuric acid catalyst promoted by mixture of alkali salts was proposed. A kinetic equation was derived as follows: r=k 1P 1/2 O 2 k 2+k 3P SO 3 +P SO 3 P SO 2 (1-P SO 3 P SO 2 P 1/2 O 2 K P).
以碱金属盐为助催化剂的铯 -铷 -钒系硫酸催化剂，在 380～ 5 2 0℃下 SO2 氧化反应机理为三步催化反应，并推被导出其动力学机理模型 :r=k1P1/ 2O2k2 +k3 PSO3 +PSO3 PSO2(1- PSO3 PSO2 P1/ 2O2 KP)。
was derived:被导出
To evaluate the effects of combined therapy of rhIL 11 and rhG CSF on monkeys irradiated with 8 0 Gy 60 Co γ ray. Animals were divided into control ( n =4) and rhIL 11+rhG CSF treatment group ( n =4).
为观察rhIL 11加rhG CSF对极重度骨髓型急性放射病的治疗作用，以 8只正常雄性猕猴用60 Coγ射线照射源一次全身照射 8 0Gy(15 0R/min)，随机被分开为对照组和治疗组，每组 4只动物。
were divided:被分开
The novel is divided into six parts: the first part is like the "prologue", the second part the "situation", the third and fourth parts the "rising action", the fifth part the "climax", and the sixth part the "catastrophe".
文章指出该小说被分开为六个部被分开，第一部被分开与“序幕”相似，第二部被分开为“处境”，第三、四部被分开为“上升情节”，第五部被分开为“高潮”，第六部被分开为“结局”。
is divided:被分开
The detailed process of design of Ext2ss has been divided into four parts on the whole: realization of Disk format, realization of directory file snapshot， realization of the snap creation in the ioctl, realization of Copy-on-write of mechanism.
Snapshot技术的设计与实现大体被分开为四个部被分开：磁盘的格式化、Copy-on-write机制的实现、目录文件快照的实现、ioctl中快照创建的实现。
been divided:被分开
Young leaves from subshrubby peony (paeonia suffruticosa) Hehuazi and Dahuhong are taken as explants. The effects of four kinds of hormones including 6-BA, 2, 4-D， KT，NAA and Casein on peony callus initiation are studied. The proper callus induction medium is selected out by orthogonal design, moreover，the kind and suitable level of hormone are ascertained.
以牡丹"荷花紫"、"大胡红"品种的幼叶作外植体,采用正交设计法,考察6-BA、2,4-D、KT、NAA四种激素及酪蛋白对牡丹愈伤组织产生的影响,确定适宜的激素种类及水平,优化筛被选中出适宜于两个牡丹品种的愈伤组织诱导培养基.
is selected:被选中
METHOD:The UV method used water as solvent. 314±1nm was selected as determination wavelength.
方法 :UV法用水作溶剂，被选中择 314± 2 nm作为测定波长 ;
was selected:被选中
METHODS:A total of 86 older than 60 years old,retiring from two geracomiums and cadre's bureau in Kaiyuan City,were selected with the method of cluster sampling. They were divided into normal group,MCI group and dementia group according to mini mental state examination(MMSE) to compare activities of daily living scale(ADL),geriatric depression scale(GDS)and BCAI features.
方法:采用整群抽样方法,抽取开原市两所敬老院和老干部局退休的60岁以上的老年人86例,按简明智力状态量表(MMSE)结果被分开为正常老年人、轻度认知损害和痴呆组,比较MMSE、日常生活能力量表(ADL)、总体退化量表(GDS)和BCAI特点。
were divided:被分开
Exposure time of the samples, which were divided in five batches, hung in HWRR are about 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 a, respectively. Neutron fleunce of the samples are 0. 94X1021, 1. 42X1021, 1. 96X 1021, 2. 68X1021, 3. 21X1021 n . cm-2, respectively.
挂片在堆内重水中暴露时间大致为1,2,3,4,5年,中子注量被分开别为0.94×10~(21),1.42×10~(21),1.96×10~(21),2.68×10~(21),3.21×10~(21)n·cm~(-2)。
were divided:被分开
The composite can absorb hydrogen saturatedly after 30 min ball-milling with addition of Ml0.2Ca0.8Ni5(Ml is Ce-rich rare earth) alloy, the composite can be activated by two-cycle hydriding.
在Ti-V-Mn合金中加入15％的Ml0.2Ca0.8Ni5合金(Ml为富镧混合稀土)进行复合球磨,球磨30 min的复合物首次吸氢可在50 min内吸氢饱和,经过两个吸放氢循环即可被激活。
be activated:被激活
Methods According to CCT,69 patients(69 eyes) were divided into three groups:normal group(from 520 μm to 580 μm,42 eyes),thin group(from 450 μm to 520 μm,16 eyes),and thick group(from 580 μm to 640 μm,11 eyes).
方法患者69例(69眼)按CCT不同被分开为正常组(520～580μm)42眼、变薄组(450～520μm)16眼、增厚组(580～640μm)11眼。
were divided:被分开
Methods:Female rats were divided into 5 groups: control group,CAG group,CAG with spleen insufficiency group,CAG with liver stagnation group,CAG with kidney insufficiency group.
方法 :雌性大鼠，随机被分开为对照组、CAG组、脾虚 CAG组、肝郁 CAG组、肾虚 CAG组。
were divided:被分开
The relationship between the raw coal ash content and the structural differentiation was studied by using statistics and the principles of dissipation structures.
运用统计方法和耗散结构原理,对原煤灰分产率和构造分异作用的关系进行被研究。
was studied:被研究
The purpose of the investigation was to analyze the effect of vapor bath on meta bolism of lactate. After exercise,39athletes were divided into three groups:resting,exercising at30%intensity and bathing vapor bath for30min,respectively,blood lactate was determined before,1min and30min after exereise.
为探讨桑拿蒸气浴对运动后血乳酸代谢的效果,三组运动员在运动后被分开别进行30min桑拿蒸汽浴、一般性的整理活动和静坐休息。
were divided:被分开
The energy band struture, density of state, bond strength and Muliken charge distribution in V 2O 5 and intercalated V 2O 5 were studied by SCC-DV-X α method.
采用自洽场离散变分Xα(SCC -DV -Xα)方法对纯V2 O5 及夹层V2 O5 的能带结构、态密度、键强度、电子集居数等进行了被研究 .
were studied:被研究
The effects of aromatics content in mid pressure hydrotreating feedstock on reaction patterns, group chemical composition and viscosity indexes of the lube base oil products were studied in the laboratory with a Mid East VGO and its two furfural raffinate feeds.
为使加氢处理后所得润滑油基础油符合质量要求，对一种中东原油的减压馏分油及其精制深度不同的两种糠醛精制油在实验室进行了加氢处理试验被研究，探讨了原料中的芳烃含量对中压加氢处理过程的反应类型、所得基础油产品的组成分布及粘度指数的影响。
were studied:被研究
The micro morphological characteristics of the seeds of 6 species of Hemerocallis were studied by SEM.
采用扫描电镜对甘肃萱草属 (H emerocallis) 6种的种子微形态特征进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The effects of composite catalyst on synthesis of 4,5 dichloromethyl 3 hydroxy 2 methylpyridine(Ⅰ) was studied. Amide composite catalyst was used and molar ratio of VB 6,SOCl 2 and catalyst was 1.0∶13.0∶0 1,reaction temperature was t 1=55 ℃,t 2=60 ℃,reaction time was 1 5 h and decomposing time of SOCl 2 should be more than 0 5 h. The yield of Ⅰ is 99%.
研究了合成 4,5 二氯甲基 3 羟基 2 甲基吡啶时，催化剂对产率和产品颜色的影响，当被使用酰胺类复配催化剂并且n(VB6)∶n(SOCl2 )∶n(复配催化剂 ) =1 0∶13 0∶0 1时，反应温度为 5 5℃和 6 0℃，反应时间共 1 5h，用盐酸分解二氯亚砜时间大于 0 5h，产率为 99%。
was used:被使用
Methods: (1)Short-term preservation :fresh eyeballs of New Zealand's white rabbits were divided into three groups: A. injected 1％SH 0.25ml into anterior chambers as soon as empty aqueous humor one by one .
方法：(1)短期保存：新西兰大白兔新鲜眼球被分开三组：⑴A组：抽空房水同时前房内注入1％ SH 0.25ml ；
were divided:被分开
Methods:Male Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into four groups:sham operation,cryptorchid,cryptorchid+ dissolvent,and cryptorchid+SB203580 (inhibition of p38MAPK).
方法:雄性SD大鼠随机被分开为隐睾组、隐睾+SB203580(p38MAPK抑制剂)组、隐睾+溶媒组、假手术组。
were divided:被分开
Based on the analyzing and comparing the application range of hot mould coating spraying method,resin sand and water-cooled permanent mould,the hot mould coating spraying method is selected to produce the DXI1200 mm large diameter centrifugal casting iron pipes.
在分析比较热模涂料法、树脂砂法和水冷金属型法适用范围的基础上,被选中用热模涂料法生产DN1200 mm大口径离心铸造球铁铸管。
is selected:被选中
Making magnesium alloy AZ91D as trial material,and a self-developed machine for twin-roll strip casting as trial equipment,the changing principle of semi-solid microstructure and the mechanism analysis were studied under different moulding temperature,staying time or shearing rate.
采用AZ91D镁合金为原料,以自行设计的双辊板带铸轧设备进行试验,被研究半固态镁合金铸轧的工艺参数剪切速度、静置时间、浇铸温度对半固态组织的变化规律并对其形成机制作出分析。
were studied:被研究
The extraction conditions and properties of pigment from tartary buckwheat shell were studied in detail.
对苦荞麦壳色素提取条件及性质进行了系统被研究.
were studied:被研究
Through contrast testing,orthogonal experiments and sensory evaluation,it was studied the milk beverage technology which could produce the beverage having the function of lead removing,by using milk as raw material,adding Xanthan gum and CMC-Na as steady solvent and some functional factors such as milk-calcium,LM pectin and vitamins etc.
以牛奶为原料,用黄原胶和羧甲基纤维素钠作为稳定剂,蔗糖酯和单甘酯作为乳化剂,添加具有排铅功能因子的乳钙、低甲氧基果胶和维生素等,通过对比实验、正交实验和感官评定等方法被研究了具有排铅功能的牛奶饮料的加工工艺。
was studied:被研究
(2) The determination coefficients of the single regression model are only from 0.15 to 0.33,and the determination coefficients of the multiple regression model can be raised from 0.59 to 0.79,which show that developing multi variable synthetical monitor is an effective way to raise monitoring accuracy.
( 2 )一元回归模型的决定系数仅为 0 .15～ 0 .3 3，多元回归模型的决定系数则可以提被提升到 0 .5 9～ 0 .79,说明发展多参量综合监测技术是提被提升点焊质量监控精度的有效途径 ;
be raised:被提升
In order to assess the status of oriental white stork populations and their breeding strategy, breeding biology was studied from 2004 to 2006 in Wangjiang County, Anqing City, Anhui Province(116°51.15′-116°49.47′E, 30°19.53′-30°19.79′N).
为了了解该种在当地的繁殖对策和种群现状,2004-2006年在安庆市望江县武昌湖地区(116°51.15′-116°49.47′E,30°19.53′-30°19.79′N)对东方白鹳的繁殖生物学进行了被研究。
was studied:被研究
Methods:The degradation of PGLA film in static aqueous media (artificial saliva,simulative body fluid,artificial bone fluid and PBS) in vitro was studied by means of mass loss, determination of molecular weight and morphological observation (SEM).
方法 :通过质量损耗率、相对分子质量测定及形态学观察 (电镜 )等手段分别对PGLA牙周片在体外静态水溶液环境中的降解性能进行被研究。
was studied:被研究
Eatable starch packaging film was made from maize starch. potato starch as main raw material and eatable additives as auxiliary material. It was used as the inner packaging of candy preserved fruit.
可食性淀粉包装膜以玉米淀粉、马铃薯淀粉为主料．辅以可食性添加剂而成的食用薄膜,用于糖果、果脯、蜜饯、糕点的内包装．产品的抗机械拉力、韧性、透明度和速溶性都优于目前食品厂被使用的糯米纸．而产品原材料成本却低于糯米纸．
was used:被使用
RESULTS: 32 clones were selected and 34 cDNA fragments were sequenced.
结果 :共挑被选中出 32个阳性克隆质粒，测序得到 34个不同基因片段的序列。
were selected:被选中
The laser cavity is a 54 mm diameter, 3.4 m long Pyrex wave-guide with a gilded glass plane mirror at one end and a metal mesh at the other end. Optimization of various parameters, such as the pressure, the discharge current and the wall temperature were studied in experiments. When the laser work with mixture gas of N2, CD4 and D2, no brown polymer deposit was found after long time discharge and the output of the DCN laser is stable.
通过对DCN激光器的功率输出特性的被研究,对其工作参数,包括气体配比、放电电流、激光管壁温度、气压进行了优化,用一种新的混合气体(N2、CD4、D2)作为激光工作物质实现了功率的稳定输出,激光管壁没有附着物生成,最大输出功率为160mw;
were studied:被研究
The change of microstructures and hydrogen storage properties of MmNi3.5(CoAlMn)1.5/Mg (MmM5 denoting MmNi3.5(CoAlMn)1.5 here and thereby) multi-layer thin films were studied by using X-ray diffraction (XRD).
用X-ray衍射(XRD)方法被研究了磁控溅射制备的MmNi3.5(CoAlMn)1．5／Mg(简写为Mg／MmM5)多层薄膜吸放氢前后的结构变化和储氢性能。
were studied:被研究
Chemical characteristics of Perna viridis meat were studied in this paper. The experimental results indicate that its nutritional value is as high as that suggested by FAO/WHO in 1973 as the amino acid score and the first limiting amino acid being 81 and sulfur containing amino acid (Met and Cys) respectively.
对翡翠贻贝肉进行的食品化学特性被研究表明 :其贝肉的蛋白质营养价高，氨基酸价为 81，第一限制氨基酸为含硫氨基酸 (1 973年FAO/WHO常规标准 ) ;
were studied:被研究
Methods:Establishing rat model of cerebral infarction with the cerebral middle artery occlusion (CMAO), the rats were divided into two groups: ischemic group and electroacupuncture-treated group.
用大脑中动脉栓塞法建立大鼠脑梗塞模型，被分开为缺血+电针组和缺血组。
were divided:被分开
The physical and chemical properties, technological parameters of activation and absorption ability to Na +, K + and Ca 2+， taking hydrothermal metasomatic sepiolite from the regions of Liuyang, Hunan and Yanqing, Beijing for experimental example, were studied in this paper.
本文对湖南浏阳、北京延庆地区热液型海泡石的物化性能、活化处理工艺条件及其对Na+、K+、Ca2 +离子的吸附作用进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
Renal tissues of 14 patients with acute renal tubulointerstitial disease were studied by using immunohistochemical method. Cells infiltrated in interrenal tissue were observed.
对14例病理诊断为急性肾间质小管性疾病的肾活检组织标本采用免疫组化法对肾间质细胞浸润进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
The gel casting of Si3N4-MgAl2O4-ZrO2 ceramics was studied in this paper. The effects of composite dispersant, pH value and solid load on the viscosity of slurry were analysed. Finally, the slurry with solid loading of 47vol% and viscosity of 455mPa ?
本文对Si_3N_4-MgAl_2O_4-ZrO_2系陶瓷料浆注凝成型工艺进行了较系统的被研究,着重分析了复合分散剂、PH值及固相含量对粘度的影响,最终获得了固相含量为47vol％,粘度为455mPa·s,注模性能良好的注凝料浆,使用该料浆已制备了多种复杂形状的氮化硅基陶瓷制品。
was studied:被研究
Effects of density and stump height, basal diameter, increment of crown amplitude, leaf yield per individual and unit area of 1～4 year old Ginkgo biloba were studied by treatment with four densities and three stump heights.
采用 4种密度、 3种定干高度处理，被研究不同密度和株形对 1～ 4年生银杏高、地径、冠幅生长量和单株、单位面积产叶量的影响 .
were studied:被研究
The numbers and aboveground diomass of every module of Kobresia humilis under different grazing intehsity(0, 2.4, 8 Tibetan sheep/hm2 ) were studied in Alpine Meadow.
对放牧强度分别为0、2、4、8（藏羊只／hm2）的矮嵩草无性系各构件数量和地上生物量进行了被研究。
were studied:被研究
According to software analysis, software design, software code and software maintenance, the design is divided into nine processes such as define systematic goal, feasibility analysis, demand analysis, outline design, design, software code, software test in detail, software maintain. In the web interface of user, we adopt B/S structure.
按照软件被分开析、软件设计、软件编码、和软件维护等过程，系统被分开为定义系统目标、可行性被分开析、需求被分开析、概要设计、详细设计、软件编码、软件测试、软件维护等九个阶段。
is divided:被分开
1. The crista ethmoidalis of the perpendicular plate of the palatine bone was located just antero- inferior to the sphenopalatine foramen, and anterior to the lateral posterior nasal arteries.
1．筛骨嵴为腭骨垂直板上一骨嵴，筛骨嵴正好被发现的蝶腭孔的前下方，鼻后外侧动脉出蝶腭孔正好被发现的其后方。
was located:被发现的
Statistical and diagnostic analysis were carried out in the MeiYu strom rainfall process from 00UT of 11th to 00UT of 23 th June, 1998 in this study. Results showed that the stability of South Asia high pressure，subtropic high pressure and Bengal Gulf trough's location was the advantaged position to this rainfall process.
本文首先对98年6月11日00时～23日00时的梅雨暴雨过程进行了统计和诊断分析，结果表明：南亚高压、副热被带走高压和孟加拉湾槽线位置稳定是有利于该段降水的形势。
were carried:被带走
Methods: 84 bovine teeth were selected and divided into 7 groups.
方法：被选中择牛牙84颗，分为7组。
were selected:被选中
In respect to the power model of steam turbine that is continuously used in the field of power control, the power response amplitude of the improved model is raised by 60% within the working frequency band from 0.1Hz to 1.0Hz, which is very close to actual conditions.
改进后的模型,相对于目前动力控制领域一直在用的汽轮机功率模型,在0.1~1Hz的工作频段,其功率响应幅值提被提高60%左右,和实际对象非常接近。
is raised:被提高
The application of the grid anode cathodic protection system is introduced in this paper It includes the design, installation and measurement of the system The grid anode has many advantages over other cathodic protection systems The whole tank bottom can be protected with the grid anode system
对网状阳极阴极被保护系统的性能、设计、安装以及应用实例作了介绍。 网状阳极是储罐阴极被保护的一种新方法，它具有很多其他方式所没有的优点。
be protected:被保护
Based on the sheet metal rectangular case drawing experiments,have conducted the finite element analysis and simulation on the rectangular case forming with draw step. It has been pointed out that increasing the straight edge's blank feeding resistance and controlling its feed speed after placing draw step on the straight flange can increase the rectangular case's forming limit.
在薄板矩形盒拉深试验的基础上,进行压料面带拉延槛拉深的有限元模拟分析后被指明出,在压料面直边部设置相应的拉延槛,增大法兰直边的进料阻力并控制直边流入速度,可相应提高拉深成形极限。
been pointed:被指明
Methods:The clinical data of 34 cases with CNSL in children in Our departmeat from Jun.1989 to Jun.1999 were analysed. The cells of cerebrospinal fluid were stained with Wright's staining.
方法 :对我科 1989年 6月～1999年 6月收治的 34例儿童CNSL临床资料进行分析，均进行了脑脊液 (CSF)细胞沉渣瑞氏被染了。
were stained:被染了
Methods: (1) Purification of S-antigen: S-antigen was purified by salt precipitation, molecular ethmoid and ion exchange chromatography.
方法:(1) 提纯S抗原:利用盐析、分子筛和离子交换层析等方法被净化S抗原。
was purified:被净化
Me-thods: Sixteen infant swine were divided into 2 groups. One group underwent the abdominal stop flow(SF,n=8), the other was given the abdominal stop-flow chemotherapy(SFC, MMC 0.2mg/kg,n=8).
对象与方法:16头幼猪被分开为两组,每组8头,被分开别行腹腔区域性血流阻断(Stop-flow,SF)及区域性血流阻断动脉内介入化疗(Stop-flow-Chemothera-py,SFC,MMC 0.2mg/kg)。
were divided:被分开
Methods:45 patients were divided into three groups:bone metastases (group A, 12 patients), malignant bone single lesion (group B,15 patients) and benign bone single lesion (Group C,18 patients).
方法 :共 45例病人，被分开为 3组，即多发性骨转移癌组 (A组，12例 )、单发性病灶恶变组 (B组，15例 )和单发性病灶良性组 (C组，18例 )。
were divided:被分开
The Manganese nodules which on the ocean floor are lifted to the surface ship by the hydraulic lift system using slurry pump or air lift pump through a long pipe of several thousandsmeters.
海洋底部的锰结核用矿浆泵或空气提被提取泵或经数千米长的管道提被提取到洋面的采矿船上。
are lifted:被提取
The species of winter,spring,summer,and autumn were 17、 19、 21、 19.They were divided into three categories,i.
在季节变化上，冬、春、夏、秋被分开别为17、19、21、19种，呈现夏＞春=秋＞冬的格局。
were divided:被分开
By using molten glass purification and superheating cycle, granulation mechanisms of undercooled Ni 2Pb single phase monotectic alloy were studied systematically.
采用熔融玻璃净化与循环过热相结合的方法被研究了过冷Ni 2Pb单相偏晶合金的组织粒化机制。
were studied:被研究
1. On the basis of saline water infiltration, the characteristics of movement of soil water and salt under different cumulative infiltration were studied . The results indicated that when the salinity of the infiltration water was 3g/l, the top soil was desalinized and salt accumulated at the wetting front.
1．通过对不同入渗水量下土壤水盐运移规律的室内模拟试验被研究，结果表明利用矿化度为3g／l水入渗后，土壤从上至下逐渐脱盐，上层土壤含盐量略低于土壤初始含盐量，中间土层基本保持土壤初始含盐量值，但湿润锋附近发生突变，含盐量达最大值。
were studied:被研究
The effects of synthesis conditions of gel and macroporous amphoteric resins on the structure and strength of forming internal salt bond were studied and the relations of ratio of anionogenic to cationogenic groups, crosslinking degree and variety of weak acid group of amphoteric resins with desalination were also investigated.
本文考察凝胶型和大孔型两性树脂的合成条件对所制得树脂的结构和形成内盐键强度的影响,被研究了树脂的阴、阳基团含量比,交联度及弱酸基团的不同对树脂脱盐作用的影响。
were studied:被研究
Mn/P、 Ti/P binary cluster ions, produced by laser ablation, were studied with a Tandem TOF mass spectrometer.
利用激光溅射法直接产生了锰 /磷、钛 /磷二元团簇正、负离子MxPy±(M =Mn、Ti)，并用串级飞行时间质谱仪被研究了团簇离子的组成与激光光解规律。
were studied:被研究
The result showed that supersonic extraction shortened the extraction tine,enhanced the extraction effect,and was easily operated by comparison with traditional water extraction by suoersonic extraction,the best time was 15 min to extract cinnamic acid in cucumber leaf and root and the extraction rate was nespectively raised 59.63% and 74.54% than water extraction: the best time is 20 min to extract cinnamic acid in cucumber stem and the extraction race was raised 93.59%.
结果表明,与传统的水浸泡法相比,超声法极大地缩短了浸提时间,而且增强了浸出效果,同时,操作简单安全易行。 用超声法提取黄瓜叶片和根中苯丙烯酸的最佳时间均为15 min,提取率比传统的水浸泡法分别提被提升了59.63%和74.54%;
was raised:被提升
Methods After local anaesthesia or surface anaesthesia, liquid nitrogen was used and thencontact or swab method was applied. Cryotherapy lasted 1--3 minutes and was repeatedin 2 ~ 3 periods.
方法在局麻下或表面麻醉下，被使用液氮，采用接触法或棉签法冷冻治疗牙龈瘤1～3min，重复2～3个冻融周期。
was used:被使用
In the paper, Effects of malease activity and enzyme reaction condition werestudied to the dormancy cell of Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes NCIMB9867. Theeffects were: the permeabilized agent, reaction temperature, pH of reaction solution,substrate concentration and strain cell concentration.
以休止细胞为对象对转化反应的条件进行了被研究,主要考虑 破壁剂、反应温度、反应液 pH 值、菌浓度、底物浓度等因素对酶促反应的影响,获得最佳的酶促反应条件。
werestudied:被研究
Finally, with this modeling and calculating method, influencing factors such as rate of piles length and diameter, the depth of rock-socketed, intensity of soils around piles, intensity of rock, intensity of pile, flaccidity layers and the depth of sediment at the end of pile were studied in detail.
最后，以这一方法为基础，对影响嵌岩灌注桩承载性状的长径比、嵌岩深度、桩周土强度、基岩强度、桩体强度、软弱夹层、以及沉渣等因素进行了详细地被研究。
were studied:被研究
Methods: The serum samples with hydroxyzine as the internal standards were extracted with aethylis acetas in a two-step extraction.
方法　以羟嗪为内标，样品用乙酸乙酯被提取两次。
were extracted:被提取
Based on analysis of operational principle of the piezoelectric microgripper, composition of morphotropic phase boundary of the PbNi 1/3 Nb 2/3 PbZrO 3 PbTiO 3 ternary ceramics is selected to fabricate the piezoelectric microgripper. The ternary piezoelectric ceramics have high piezoelectric modulus (d 31 ) and electromechanical coupling factor (Kp).
在分析该悬臂梁操作原理的基础上，被选中用PbNi1/ 3 Nb2 / 3 -PbZrO3 -PbTiO3 三元系压电陶瓷准同型相界的配方作为悬臂梁压电驱动材料，这种压电陶瓷具有高压电常数 (d3 1)和机电耦合系数 (Kp)。
is selected:被选中
Methods:Eighty-three patients with essential hypertension were divided into two groups:normal left ventricular diastolic function(NLVDF)and left ventricular diastolic dysfunction(LVDD). Based on the different standards,the latter was classified into:LVDD with mormal LV mass,LVDD with LV hypertrophy,LVDD with decreased relaxation and LVDD with decreased compliance.
方法 :收集 83例原发性高血压病人，被分开为左心室舒张功能正常组、左心室舒张功能障碍组，根据Devereux标准被分开为左心室舒张功能障碍不伴左心室肥厚者、左心室舒张功能障碍伴左心室肥厚者，根据舒张早期最大峰值速度 /舒张晚期最大峰值速度 (VE/VA)值被分开为左心室舒张功能障碍伴VE/VA 1者。
were divided:被分开
The microstructural characterization of coatings and interface for two materials, Ni/Fe and Cu/Ni, deposited by low pressure plasma spraying method, was studied by means of scanning electron microscopy(SEM) and transmission electron microscopy(TEM) combined with energy dispersive X ray spectroscopy(SEM).
采用奴氏印痕法、X射线衍射技术 (XRD)、扫描电子显微镜 (SEM)、透射电子显微镜 (TEM)、X射线能量散射谱 (EDS)等方法被研究了Ni/Fe，Cu/Ni低压等离子喷涂材料的喷涂界面结合性能及微结构特征。
was studied:被研究
2) the " tiny layer" thickness was divided more thin, the inversion result wad more precious;
2、“微层”厚度划被分开越细,反演的结果与实际越接近;
was divided:被分开
The growth mode of Al 2O 3/Al composite fabricated by means of directed metal oxidation was studied by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and optical microscopy.
运用 DIMOX工艺，利用 Al- 3 Mg- 1 0 Si合金在空气工况下直接氧化制备了 Al2 O3 /Al陶瓷基复合材料，并通过扫描电镜、光学显微镜等手段观测和被研究了复合材料的生长方式 .
was studied:被研究
During the process of reproduction, microorganism can decompose the organic energy material and transform hard dissolved Phosphorus, so the effective Phosphorus can be protected and the content of soil effective Phosphorus can be increased.
微生物在繁殖过程中降解有机能源物质转化难溶性磷，被保护有效磷，使土壤中有效磷含量得以提高。
be protected:被保护
In order to attain the excellent properties of 3Cr13 arc-sprayed coatings, the influences of arc spraying technological parameters on the adhesive strength and wearing resistance of 3Cr13 coating were studied by orthogonal design test, extreme analysis and variance analysis.
为获得性能优良的3Cr13电弧喷涂层,采用正交试验、极差分析和方差分析被研究了电弧喷涂工艺参数对3Cr13涂层结合强度和耐磨性的影响。
were studied:被研究
The block copolymer of isoprene(Ip) and 1,2-epoxyhexane(HEO) was synthesized by rare earth coordination catalyst, [Nd(P 204 ) 3-Al( i -Bu) 3-BrCH 2CH 2Br]. The polymerization behavior was studied in detail.
采用三元催化剂 [Nd( P2 0 4) 3-Al( i-Bu) 3-Br CH2 CH2 Br]以顺序聚合法合成异戊二烯 / 1，2 -环氧己烷嵌段共聚物，被研究了共聚合特征 .
was studied:被研究
The phenomena of crystallizing out from emulsions were studied by interpreting the DTA cooling curves of emulsions made with various emulsifiers and different W/O ratios. The relation among crystallization temperature of emulsion, titer value of emulsifier and the amount of emulsifier added,the relation between crystallization temperature and droplet diameter of emulsion and the relation between droplet diameter and the amount of emulsifier added were obtained.
通过采用各种不同乳化剂和W/O比例制成的乳化液的差热分析曲线,对乳化炸药的析晶现象进行了被研究,得到了乳化液的析晶温度和乳化剂的冻点、乳化剂的加入量的关系,也得到了液滴尺寸和乳化液的析晶温度之间,乳化剂的加入量和液滴尺寸之间的关系。
were studied:被研究
Results The enzyme was purified about 35.6 fold from the cell-free extract,and the specific activity reached 7.48 U/mg.
结果经被净化后的海藻糖磷酸化酶纯度提高了35.6倍,比活力达到7.48U/mg,SDS-PAGE呈1条带。
was purified:被净化
This technique achieved a break through and was applied to the production in 1997,gaining concentrate grade 56.67g/t and gold recovery rate 98.18%,raising by 19.47% and 3.38% respectively.
于 1997年该技术被应用到生产实践中，获得精矿品位为 5 6.67g/t、金回收率 90 18%的好指标，分别比原生产指标提高19 4 7g/t和 3 38个百分点。
was applied:被应用
In this study,the eggs and tissues of black-crowned night heron,little egret,Chinese pond heron and cattle egret were sampled from the Dashu,Yuantong and Taizi mountains in Hefei areas of Anhui Province in April to June 2004,and the residual amounts of Cd,Pb and Cr in the samples were determined by atomic absorption spectrophotometry.
2004年4～6月,采集了合肥地区大蜀山、肥西圆通山、肥东太子山集群繁殖的夜鹭、小白鹭、池鹭和牛背鹭鸟卵及组织被采样,用原子吸收法测定了卵壳、内容物及组织中Cd、Pb、Cr的残留量.
were sampled:被采样
The processing parameters, rheological properties of the yam mucilage, improvedphenol-sulfuric acid method to determine the polysaccharide of yam, the extraction ofpolysaccharide and the bioactivities of yam were studied in this paper.
本文对鲜山药的加工工艺、山药黏液的流变性、山药多糖测定方法的改良、山药多糖的提取及纯化以及山药及其功能成分的生物活性等进行了试验被研究。
were studied:被研究
This paper develops dynamic and sensitive equations of angular vibratory micromechanical gyroscope with du-al-gimbal driven by the inner gimbal frame, and presents two simple and feasible methods to enhance the gyroscope' s sensitivity. The frequency of the inner gimbal frame and the natural frequency of the outer gimbal frame are equal. The driven signal consists of two sine-waves and their frequencies are selected to equal to the natural frequency of inner and outer frame in designing gyroscope system.
建立了内框驱动式硅微型角振动陀螺仪的运动方程,导出了灵敏度方程,提出了提高陀螺系统灵敏度的简单可行的方法,即:设计制造陀螺仪时,使内外框架固有频率相等,或驱动信号采用二个正弦波之和,二个正弦波的频率应被选中为框架的固有频率。
are selected:被选中
Methods: 46 cases classic PKU children who borned botween 1994 to 2002 and diagnosed through neonatal screening program were divided into different groups according to their different treatment cooperativity. Analysis of GESELL intelligent test shows the difference of intelligence development of children in different groups.
对象及方法:选取1994~2002年北京市经新生儿疾病筛查确诊的苯丙酮尿症(经典型)患儿46例,依其治疗依从性被分开组,采取GESELL智力测查法,比较不同组间智力发育情况。
were divided:被分开
ethyldimethoxysilane was synthesized with CH_3SiHCl_2 and CH_3OH by alcoholysis methods(solution,acid acceptor and gas-liquid phase). The effects on the alcoholysis in different conditions were studied by IR and GC-MS.
以CH3SiHCl2和CH3OH为原料，采用三种不同的醇解方法（溶剂法、酸吸收剂法、气－液相法）合成甲基二甲氧基硅烷［CH3（OCH3）2SiH］，运用IR、GC－MS等手段被研究了三种方法对醇解反应的影响。
were studied:被研究
Based on the studies of characteristics of seismotectonic backgrounds in the southern Sichuanbasin,and the analogy results of seismogenic tectonic enviroment of the areas,12 judging factorswhich are germane to the seismogency of the areas are selected as indexes of Fuzzy cluster. 19 samplesof earthquake(M>=4.4)and 21 samples of non—earthquake (M>=4.4)have been built i~the areas.
本文在对四川盆地南部地区地震构造背景进行了特征研究的基础上,根据对类比研究区孕震构造条件分析的结果,被选中取12项与该地区地震发生关系密切的判别因子作为模糊聚类分析的指标,建立了该地区有震样本19个,无震样本21个。
are selected:被选中
(3) Experiment were divided into two groups: test group : BMSCs +fang+CHA;
实验被分开组:实验组:明SC+CHA+牙根;
were divided:被分开
Methods 123 CAPF drillmasters were asked to finish the same KAP investigation questionnaire.
方法参照有关“KAP”调查标准评分,采取无记名被问到卷调查方法对武警某部123名新训基地干部进行调查。
were asked:被问到
From 2004 November to 2005 October, the inputting of nitrogen fluxes into forestland from atmospheric deposition and its relative contributions of three kinds of physical form (gas, particulate and rainwater) and four kinds of nitrogen compounds (NH3, NH4+-N, NO3--N and NO2) were studied with study object of broadleaf forest (Quercus chenii) at Forest Micrometeorological Experiment Sub-Station, Experiment Station of Red Soil Ecology, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
2004年11月~2005年10月,以小叶栎林地为被研究对象,被研究了大气沉降氮通量及其3种物理形态(气态、颗粒态、雨水)4种氮化物(NH3,NH4+-N,NO3--N,NO2)的相对贡献.
were studied:被研究
Methods: Female senile Kunming mice (15 months) were divided into senile control group(SC), experiment group 1(E1) and experiment group 2(E2). SC drank tap water, E1 and E2 drank tap water supplemented with 100mg/L and 200mg/L Momordica saponins respectively.
方法 :　 1 5 mo雌性昆明小鼠，随机被分开为老年对照组 ( SC)、实验 组 ( E1 )、实验 2组 ( E2 )，SC饮用自来水、E1、E2两组被分开别饮含有1 0 0 mg/L和 2 0 0 mg/L的苦瓜皂甙水。
were divided:被分开
For the other systems, the purification of the FCNTs was studied by either of the methods of“acid boiling”and“acid marinating”and it seems the latter is feverable with a better effect.
对于其它系统获得的产物,本文被研究了“酸煮法”和“酸泡法”两种纯化方法,后者提纯效果更好。
was studied:被研究
Methods The relation between clinical stage, lymph node grouping, tumor size and the histologic grading, lymph node metastasis were studied in the young and old patient group.
方法　分别被研究高、低年龄组乳腺癌临床分期、淋巴结分组、肿瘤大小、组织学分级与淋巴结转移率及转移度的关系。
were studied:被研究
Results Chronic constipation was divided into four types: normal transit constipation (NTC), slow transit constipation (STC), outlet obstructive constipation (OOC), and mixed type constipation (MC).
结果　慢性便秘的传输被分开型为四型 :传输时间正常型 (NTC)、慢传输型(STC)、出口梗阻型 (OOC)和混合型 (MC)。
was divided:被分开
The culture conditions and passage methods of attenuated fixed rabies virus strain CTN-1 in vero cells were studied in this paper.
以我国狂犬病固定毒人二倍体细胞适应株 (CTN - 1)作Vero细胞适应传代被研究。
were studied:被研究
Traditional Na 2O-K 2O-CaO-Al 2O 3-SiO 2 system glaze was studied systematically by perpendicular experiment. We found the primary and secondary factors of effecting opalescent glaze of the system, got the opalescent glaze that have satisfactory performance,and got fairly excellent fornula of it.
采用正交试验法，对传统的Na2 O -K2 O -CaO -Al2 O3-SiO2 系统釉进行了较全面系统的被研究，找到了影响该系统乳浊釉乳浊的主次因素，获得了性能良好的乳浊釉及其较优乳浊釉配方。
was studied:被研究
The production of titanimglazed sanitary porcelain was studied in this paper And the effects of Tio2 and feldspar,dolmite contents on whi teness and colors of the glaze was dlaze discussed. By means of X - ray diffraction and polarization microscope. the types and distribution of crysal phases were analysid .
本文对钛釉用于卫生瓷生产进行了被研究．讨论了TiO2外加量以及长石，石灰石含量对釉面色泽，白度的影响．利用X射线衍射和偏光显微镜，对析出晶相的种类和分布进行了分析，在此基础上对钛釉的乳浊机理进行了探讨．
was studied:被研究
