The Chinese use the circuits that process visual and spatial information and plan movements (the latter may be related to the use of the abacus).
中国人运用处理视觉和空间信息的神经机制，并计划动作（后者可能与使用算盘被相关）。
be related:被相关
So PETA required that web cameras should be installed immediately in every abattoir still receiving Australian cows and sheep.
因此该组织称，在所有接收澳大利亚活牛活羊的国外屠宰场被安装网络摄像头已经刻不容缓。
be installed:被安装
Using a glossary model, you can define the name, abbreviation, alternative abbreviation, type (prime or class), if it can be used as a modifier, status, and abstract or description for terms.
通过被使用术语表模型，可以定义词汇的名称、缩写、替换的缩写、类型（基本单词或类单词）、它是否可以作为修饰词、状态以及摘要或描述。
be used:被使用
This is because ROLLBACK can easily be confused with the transaction rollback and ABORT is more consistent with other utilities.
这是因为ROLLBACK很容易与事务回滚被混淆，而ABORT则与其他实用程序更加一致。
be confused:被混淆
No more light was to be hoped for, henceforth, except the lightning of guns, no further encounter except the abrupt and rapid apparition of death.
从这以后，在那些地方，除了枪口的火光以外没有其他的光可以被希望，除了死亡的突然来临以外，不会有其他的遭遇。
be hoped:被希望
Even the example about Van Gogh can be explained away because of his recurring mental illness and addiction to absinthe.
当时梵高精神病复发，又沉迷于苦艾酒，这样即使是他割耳这个例子也能被解释清楚。
be explained:被解释
Practically, the work needed to remove heat from a gas increases the colder you get, and an infinite amount of work would be needed to cool something to absolute zero.
实际上，从气体里移走热量所被需要对它作功，而且所需功的大小随着其要冷却到的程度而增加，若要把任何物体冷却到绝对零度，所被需要的功将为无穷大。
be needed:被需要
But when we started quantifying their absorption, we realized that more light could be absorbed than predicted by the wire- packing fraction alone.
但是当我们开始确定它们的被吸收率时，我们意识到仅硅线包装部分就能被吸收比预测量更多的光。
be absorbed:被吸收
Their metabolism relies only on the oxygen dissolved in the liquid blood, which is believed to be absorbed directly through the skin from the water.
它们的新陈代谢注要依赖于氧气在液体血内的溶解进行，人们相信，冰鱼可以透过皮肤直接从水中被吸收氧气。
be absorbed:被吸收
Then, gradually, application functionality can be abstracted into services, which are managed via dependency injection and which reside in a proper service layer.
然后，程序功能就会渐渐的被抽象为服务，它是通过依赖注射来管理的，并位于合适的服务层中。
be abstracted:被抽象
The entire JEE package, container and application, can be abstracted in the same manner.
整个JEE包，包括容器和应用程序，都可以采用相同的方式进行被抽象。
be abstracted:被抽象
Instead of exposing each fine -grained API as a service; a coarse -grained, business - aligned interface should be abstracted from the APIs and then exposed as a service.
不要将每个细粒度API 都作为服务公开；应该从API被抽象出粗粒度的、与业务一致的接口，然后将此接口作为服务公开。
be abstracted:被抽象
Extensible framework - Common functions and features are abstracted as loosely coupled abstract classes and interfaces, which can be extended to provide application - specific implementations.
可被扩展框架——将通用功能和特性抽象为松耦合的抽象类和接口，可以被扩展这些类和接口以提供应用程序特定的实现。
be extended:被扩展
Anything that must be extensible, meaning you want to allow for new kinds of behavior in the future, must be abstracted into a method call or a class.
两种工具必须都是可扩展的，即允许将来生成新的行为，必须被抽象为一个方法调用或类。
be abstracted:被抽象
Venkatasubramanian's new method is universal - "a new way of abstracting the problem into little pieces, and realizing many different versions of this problem can be abstracted the same way.
文卡的新方法通用性不错——“新方法将问题被抽象出来分成少数几类，并对可按同样方法被抽象出来的某类问题的众多不同版本加以实现。”
be abstracted:被抽象
Commonalities between different versions of EJB interfaces may be abstracted by means of extracting a common super interface.
不同版本的EJB接口的之间的公共部分可以通过使用相同的父接口被抽象出来。
be abstracted:被抽象
We like to make the distinction, however, because analysis can be considered the level of abstraction where IT meets the business.
然而，我们希望对它们进行区分，因为在IT满足业务需求的情况下，可以将分析被考虑为一种抽象级别。
be considered:被考虑
In short, you have room for another layer of abstraction here, implemented as two XSLT stylesheets to be applied in sequence.
简言之，您拥有在此处放置抽象层的空间，可以实现为两个按顺序被应用的XSLT样式表。
be applied:被应用
It doesn't have a gearstick, but on the road can be controlled with brake and accelerator pedals and a steering wheel like an ordinary car.
汽车并没有加速杆，在陆地上驾驶时可以通过刹车和油门踏板进行被控制，它有一个像普通汽车一样的方向盘。
be controlled:被控制
These techniques should be considered and utilized by any organization seeking to improve their business flexibility; making IT an accelerator rather than an inhibitor.
如果一个组织想要提高它的业务灵活性，使IT成为加速器而不是阻碍因素，那么它应该被考虑和应用这些技术。
be considered:被考虑
These answers will help you understand how many applications can be processed with an acceptable response time on a server.
这些答案将帮助您了解在一台服务器上，在可接受的响应时间内可以被处理多少应用程序。
be processed:被处理
He said her behaviour and acceptance of him proves the boars do not need to be feared because they are not a threat to well-meaning people.
他说这头母猪的行为和对他的接受也证实了我们不需要被害怕野猪，因为他们对饱含好意的人类是没有任何威胁的。
be feared:被害怕
Moreover, it must be accepted as such by the public that eats the food. Until both those goals are reached, our work is not done.
而且，食用这种粮食的公众一定会被接受它并承认这一点，直到这两个目标都达到了，我们的工作才完成。
be accepted:被接受
Bracelets, studs, rings and chain necklaces can be used to accessorize the torn pants and printed top.
手镯，螺栓，戒指和项链链可用于被使用配件的破裤子和印刷的顶部。
be used:被使用
If at all possible, the heap should never be sized so that the machine needs to use virtual memory to accommodate it.
如果这些都有可能，则不应该调整堆被大小以便机器需要使用虚拟内存来容纳它。
be sized:被大小
They must be supplied with appropriate food, water, accommodation and medical treatment if quarantined, isolated or otherwise subject to medical or public health measures under the IHR (2005).
如果根据《国际卫生条例（2005）》对他们进行检疫、隔离或采取其他医学或公共卫生措施，则必须被提供适宜的食品、水、住宿和医疗。
be supplied:被提供
The source and targets of replication are "live ," so work can be accomplished simultaneously on each system.
复制的源和目标是 “活动的”，所以工作可以在每个系统上同时被完成。
be accomplished:被完成
Choosing an easier goal that can be accomplished in a few months and then setting another goal after that will provide you with the encouragement and sense of accomplishment you need.
选择一个相对简单并且能够在几个月内被完成的目标。等你被完成后再设定另外一个目标，你将会获得鼓励和成就感，而这就是你所需要的感觉。
be accomplished:被完成
If none of them can be accomplished in 12 months, choose a sub- goal of one of your life goals to accomplish in 12 months.
如果它们中间没有能够在12个月里被完成的，在你的目标里选择一个能够在12个月里被完成的替代目标。
be accomplished:被完成
If you have a single application, or if all your applications are migrated prior to the run time migration, the rolling migration may be accomplished in a matter of hours or days.
如果您只有一个应用程序，或者您所有的应用程序在运行时迁移之前已经进行了迁移，那么滚动迁移将会在大约几个小时或几天内被完成。
be accomplished:被完成
This duplication is intentional because eventually the generation of the grammar and the dialog manager can be accomplished in the same program.
这种重复是有意的，因为文法和对话管理器的生成最终都可以在同一个程序中被完成。
be accomplished:被完成
These values can be used by tools to automatically apply in accordance with the creator's wishes, without requiring proprietary DRM protocols.
工具可以被使用这些值，然后根据创建者的意愿自动应用它们，而无需专有的DRM协议。
be used:被使用
Information must be encrypted and privacy maintained in accordance with established policies, according to the role of the consumer.
信息必须根据客户的角色按照确立的策略进行被加密和以保密方式进行维护。
be encrypted:被加密
The gate could be raised and lowered in accordance with tide and weather, controlling water flowing in and out of the river.
这道闸门可以根据潮汐和天气而被升高和降低，以控制长江水的流进和流出。
be raised:被升高
In addition, these topics and responses can be public or private, and they can be filtered according to the views in the database.
另外，这些主题和响应可以是公有的，也可以是私有的，并且允许根据数据库中的视图对它们进行被过滤。
be filtered:被过滤
The problem is planning in detail things that cannot be planned at all, because not enough is known, and then holding the team "accountable" for adherence to the fabrication.
问题是对事情的详细被计划根本没有起到被计划的作用，因为我们所知道的太少，然后让团队成员对这种虚构的事物“负责”。
be planned:被计划
While GAE does have some rules that you might not be accustomed to, like the 30 - second request - response guideline, it also provides mechanisms for handling them, like asynchronous queues.
虽然GAE确实有一些您可能不被习惯的规则，如30秒请求 —响应准则，但是它也为处理这些规则提供了机制，如异步队列。
be accustomed:被习惯
But should any of these activities (acetone and hydrogen peroxide can be components for explosives) be reported to and evaluated by law enforcement officials?
但是是否任何类似（丙酮和过氧化氢是炸弹的主要成份）的行为都要被报告给执法人员，由其对这些行为进行评估呢？
be reported:被报告
But in that case, too, a catalyst would be needed to boost reaction rates enough to account for the dearth of acetylene.
但在那种情况下，也被需要催化剂去加快足够的反应速度，以解释乙炔的缺失。
be needed:被需要
In all cases of acetylene cylinder fires, the area should be evacuated as quickly as possible.
在所有乙炔钢瓶起火的情况下，应该尽快被疏散该区域的人员。
be evacuated:被疏散
Pain can come and go, a bothersome reminder of a past injury; it can be dull and achy or sharp and shooting; it can be concentrated in one joint or muscle or seem to radiate throughout the body.
疼痛反复出现，是过去伤害的痛苦记忆，它可以是钝痛或隐隐的痛、锐痛或刺痛，它可以被集中在某一个关节某块或肌肉或辐射全身。
be concentrated:被集中
World food production cannot be increased by 70% just by increasing acreage: there is simply not enough unused land to go around.
仅仅靠被增加耕地面积是不可能将世界粮食产量被增加70%的：很简单，并没有足够多的空地来开垦了。
be increased:被增加
This can be added to your news reader, so that you can see all the recent activity on your search request, without even leaving your news reader.
这个提要可以被增加到您的新闻阅读器中，以便您能够看到所有与搜索请求有关的最新活动，您甚至不需要离开新闻阅读器。
be added:被增加
This paper provides a brief introduction to acupressure, and its aims and explains how it may be applied in nursing practice.
本文介绍穴位按压法、穴位按压法于护理实务中被应用的目标、和如何落实穴位按压法于护理实务中的被应用。
be applied:被应用
So as humorous as the ad is, its message is not one to be laughed at.
尽管这则广告表现的相当幽默，这则消息可不是被笑话。
be laughed:被笑
This has driven the need to create software that not only supports the stated business goals, but that can be adapted easily when those goals change.
这推动了创建不仅支持所描述的业务目标，而且还可以在那些目标变更时可以很容易地被适应的软件的需求。
be adapted:被适应
For these children to develop to their full adult potential, their education must be adapted to those differences.
为使这些儿童的全部潜力得到开发，教育必须被适应他们的不同需要。
be adapted:被适应
If some blades do not have the same number of adapters as the chassis, the switches that do not have a physical adapter associated with them on the blade cannot be used by the blade.
如果一些刀片服务器上的适配器数量与机架上的适配器数量不同，那么刀片服务器就无法被使用那些没有相关联的刀片服务器物理适配器的交换机。
be used:被使用
Each network adapter should be configured with a boot address and associated host name.
每个网络适配器应该被配置一个引导地址和相关联的主机名。
be configured:被配置
Health economic policy, health resource allocation and hospital management system were considered to be adjusted by principles of equity, balance and adaption.
卫生经济政策、医疗资源配置和医院管理体制都应针对均衡、公平、适应的状况不断被调整；
be adjusted:被调整
Parallel adder is a digital circuit, which can be calculated the number of addition.
并行加法器是一种数位电路，其可进行数字的加法被计算。
be calculated:被计算
In addition, their ability to make money will not be hindered while they wait.
此外，在客户等待的过程中，他们赚钱的能力不会受到被妨碍。
be hindered:被妨碍
The moment that sensors detect a hairline crack anywhere in the aircraft, microscopic nano- capsules containing a high-tech adhesive would be released to seal the fissure.
当传感器检测到飞机在任何时候的一个裂痕时，包含高科技粘合剂的微观纳米胶囊将被释放粘合裂痕。
be released:被释放
There is the disposable paper ones that use a strong adhesive and the reusable ones that use silicone that can be washed and reused.
一种为一次性纸质品，具有很强的粘合性；一种可以清被洗、重复使用，使用的材料是硅树脂。
be washed:被洗
Inline fields are ADIEU expressions that can be embedded in any text field by using square brackets (that is, [and]).
内联字段是可以通过使用方括号（即 [和 ]）被嵌入到任何文本字段中的ADIEU表达式。
be embedded:被嵌入
Using phrases like “Darwinian selection ” or“ Darwinian evolution ” implies there must be another kind of evolution at work, a process that can be described with another adjective.
使用“达尔文选择”或“达尔文进化论”这样的短语意味着工作中必须有另一种进化形式，一种可以用另一个形容词来被描述的过程。
be described:被描述
To use the publish / subscribe messaging model, the JNDI names and their corresponding resources have to be reconfigured in both the deployment descriptor and Admin Console.
要使用发布/订阅消息模型，必须同时在部署描述符和管理控制台中被重新配置JNDI名称及其对应的资源。
be reconfigured:被重新配置
This scenario, however, opens the doors for typos especially if you have many AIX boxes, so it should only be considered if you administer a few boxes.
但是，这种方法会增加输入量，尤其是在有许多AIX 系统的情况下，所以应该只在管理少量系统的情况下被考虑采用它。
be considered:被考虑
In these situations, these IDs should be locked down so that they cannot be used for interactive login, since any user who gains access to these IDs will have full administrative control over MQ.
在这些情况下，应该被锁定这些ID，以防止将它们用于交互式登录，因为获得这些ID访问权限的任何用户都将拥有对MQ 的完全管理控制。
be locked:被锁定
Templates can be created and modified only by a user with administrator rights for a given project.
对于一个给定的项目，只有拥有管理员权限的用户才能被创建和编辑模板。
be created:被创建
Let the period be remembered as an admonition and not as an encouragement, in any section of the Union, to make experiments where experiments are fraught with such fearful hazard.
让我们被记住那一时期且作为训诫，而非作为鼓励在联邦的任何地方，做出充满可怕危险的试验。
be remembered:被记住
Adobe Flex is a client solution that can be applied across browsers and platform.
AdobeFlex是可以跨浏览器和平台被应用的客户端解决方案。
be applied:被应用
I contend, furthermore, that we have allowed these chemicals to be used with little or no advance investigation of their effect on soil, water, wildlife, and man himself.
我还要说的一点是，我们允许被使用这些化学制品，却事先很少或者根本没有调查它们对土壤、水、野生生物以及人类自身造成的影响。
be used:被使用
No matter what goals you wish to achieve in life, whether its money, love, an Olympic gold medal, or a Nobel Prize, you must be prepared for both failure and adversity.
在生活中，无论什么目标你希望完成，不管是金钱，爱情，一个奥林匹克的金牌还是诺贝尔奖，你必须为失败和逆境做好被准备。
be prepared:被准备
A top science adviser to the US administration has suggested that promotion rules in US universities should be modified to reward work relevant to development.
美国政府的一位顶级科学顾问建议美国大学的升职制度应该加以被修改，从而奖励与发展有关的工作。
be modified:被修改
I always advocate to our clients that they first investigate how their target audience is actually behaving online rather than relying on assumptions that may be outdated and inaccurate.
我还一直主张我们的客户调查他们的目标受众的实际在线行为，而不是依赖那些可能被过时的和不准确的假设。
be outdated:被过时
Aerial photography should not be confused with Air-to-Air Photography, when aircraft serve both as a photo platform and subject.
不应将航空摄影与空对空摄影被混淆，在后者中，飞机既是拍摄平台，又是拍摄对象。
be confused:被混淆
You can have one or many instances on a machine, each instance acting as an independent server environment which can be stopped and restarted without affecting other instances.
您可以在一台机器上安装一个或多个实例，而每个实例都充当一个独立的服务器环境，因此，这些实例的被停止和重启都互不影响。
be stopped:被停止
One side can be secured and another moved, but only by affecting the remaining two.
一边很被安全另一边可以移动，而这仅仅通过影响其它两个变量才可以达到。
be secured:被安全
If you have a web site or newsletter that has users who would be interested in buying or selling text links, our affiliate program is an excellent way to earn additional revenue.
如果你有一个网站或时事通讯，而且你的用户可能对买卖文本链接被感兴趣，那么对你而言，我们的加盟计划是一个极好的赚钱途径。
be interested:被感兴趣
Some comments may be edited before posting and all comments will be ascribed to the author by stating his or her first name, affiliation and country.
有些意见可能先经过被编辑之后才公布，而且对所有撰稿人的意见都将署名并说明其从属机构和国家。
be edited:被编辑
After changes have occurred this same wish could be answered in the affirmative.
在做出改变之后同样的愿望才可以得到肯定的被回答。
be answered:被回答
Now questions will be asked afresh about army morale, and about systems for providing support to troubled individuals.
现在再度提起了关于军队士气的被问题，还有关于为被问题士兵提供帮助的系统。
be asked:被问
All electronics can be installed during the build process, reducing the need for costly aftermarket work.
所有电子产品都可以在生成过程中进行被安装，如此减少了昂贵的售后工作。
be installed:被安装
Service management and monitoring should be considered at Design - Time, not as an afterthought associated solely with IT operations.
服务管理和监视应该是在设计时被考虑的问题，不应该是只与IT操作相关联的后期问题。
be considered:被考虑
While this discrepancy will be analyzed further below, given that eighteen is largely considered the age of consent, it is this standard to which our definition will be held.
以下我们会进一步被分析这种不一致。首先，要假定18岁这个年纪得到广泛认同，正是基于这一年龄标准，我们的定义才能成立。
be analyzed:被分析
The tempering operation may be described as one of precipitation and agglomeration or coalescence of cementite.
回火作业可以被描述为渗碳体析出和凝聚或聚结的过程。
be described:被描述
Indeed, in badly run countries, a powerful anti-corruption agency can aggravate the problem: special powers and privileges can be abused for venal reasons or to settle political scores.
事实上，在一个管制混乱的国家，一个权力巨大的反腐败机构会加剧腐败：为了贪污或放弃对政府的诉讼而被滥用特权。
be abused:被滥用
It will insist on the fact that agriculture will not be confronted with unknown situations and that solutions do exist; that we must work with climate change, not against it.
文件将坚持这一事实：农业不会面临未知的情景，确实存在解决办法，而我们必须被面对气候变化进行工作，而不是极力扭转它。
be confronted:被面对
But it should be remembered that aid is a sign of economic failure, not success.
但是我们应该被记住的是，援助是经济失败的一个信号，不是成功。
be remembered:被记住
Under this context, you will not be surprised there is air ambulance service in the market now.
根据这一背景下，你不会感到被惊奇的是有空中救护服务，在现在的市场。
be surprised:被惊奇
The Air Force had intended to use a powerful laser, but such a system could also be used as a weapon, which would have raised concerns from other spacefaring nations, the blog said.
该博客指出，美国空军曾打算被使用一种功率强大的激光器，但由于这样的系统也可以作为一种武器被使用，这将引发其他航天国家的关注。
be used:被使用
In this way, the air- lock occurred in summer can be solved, and moreover, the favourable conditions can be provided for the LPG pump system's automatization.
同时，也可以解决夏季轻油装卸气阻问题，更为实现自动化被提供了有利条件。
be provided:被提供
The installation will be situated in the Museum's dramatic, nearly 8,000 -square - foot open - air space offering unparalleled views of Central Park and the New York City skyline.
这些装置被位于该博物馆巨大的的开放空间，大约有8000平方英尺，能看到中央公园和纽约城全景的空中花园。
be situated:被位于
It determines the radius of protection of the air terminal and must be tested and certified by official and therefore independent laboratories.
E避雷针之保护半径，但它必须经官方或财团法人所属实验室通过被测试合格并持有证明。
be tested:被测试
The results can be applied to psychological selection and training of air traffic controller.
研究结果对管制员的选拔与训练具有被应用价值。
be applied:被应用
This wing could easily be returned to airworthy status by replacing the lower lines.
这只翅膀很容易被返回到适航状态下通过更换线路。
be returned:被返回
As I said before these patients need to be treated with repeated paracentesis with albumin infusion.
就像我以前说的那些患者需要大量穿刺放液加白蛋白输注被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
The powerful magic of Alchemical Consciousness can be summed up with the truth of "As above so Below, As the Inner, So the Outer ".
这个意识炼金术的强大魔法，可以用“在下如在上，在外如在内”这个真理作为被总结。
be summed:被总结
But Dr. Venter and Mr. Mendez argue that there are huge obstacles to making algae competitive as an energy source and that every tool will be needed to optimize the strains.
但是文特尔博士和门德斯博士争论说要使藻类作为一种能源资源具有竞争力还存在巨大的障碍，并且每一个工具都被需要最优化的品种。
be needed:被需要
Unlike other decomposition solutions, due to this algorithm, there are no constraints that allow only sibling or child elements / attributes to be mapped to the same table.
由于有了此算法，与其他的分解解决方案不同，没有只允许将兄弟或孩子元素/属性被映射到同一个表的约束。
be mapped:被映射
A corollary of this principle is that a learning algorithm should never be evaluated for its results in the training set because this shows no evidence of an ability to generalize to unseen instances.
这个原理的一个推论是，一种学习算法永远不会对它训练集的结果进行被评估，因为对于一种未知的事例而言，没有证据表明算法具有概括它们的能力。
be evaluated:被评估
If new standards exist, data should be mapped to those new standards through mapping values, against a lookup table, or based on a defined pattern or algorithm.
如果存在新的标准，那么应该通过被映射值，根据一个查找表或一个定义好的模式或算法，将数据被映射到那些新的标准上。
be mapped:被映射
The form name and view name usually need to be translated because they are visible, so adding the alias name is necessary for programming consideration.
表单和视图的名称一般都需要被翻译，因为它们是可以看到的。所以，在编程时有必要为它们添加别名。
be translated:被翻译
To guarantee security of the messages traveling over the network, the client mode must be configured to support SSL and J2C authentication alias.
为了保证在网络上传输的消息的安全，必须将客户机模式被配置为支持SSL和J2C身份验证别名。
be configured:被配置
Alias destinations are destinations that can be configured to refer to another destination, potentially on a foreign bus.
别名目的地，可以被配置为引用另一个目的地（可能位于外部总线上）的目的地。
be configured:被配置
You should be excited about your goals and the best way to do that is to align your goals with your life and passions.
你应该对自己的目标感到被兴奋，做到这一点的最好的办法是把你的目标和你的生活以及热情相匹配。
be excited:被兴奋
The new features would be propagated immediately to all other project models, and all models in the enterprise would come into perfect alignment at that moment.
新的特性会立即向所有其他项目模型被传播，此时企业中的所有模型将会达到一种完美的排列。
be propagated:被传播
But for selfish and altruistic reasons alike, we should be delighted that there are more people on the planet than ever before -- and billions more to come.
但出于自私和利他主义的原因一样,我们会很被高兴,还有更多的人比以往任何时候都在这个星球上——数十亿来。
be delighted:被高兴
In this example, we will use the most straightforward method of all -- writing our object reference to a file that will be picked up by our client.
在这个示例中，我们将使用所有方法中最直截了当的一种 — 将对象引用写入一个文件，该文件将由客户机被选取。
be picked:被选
In the original 1996 decision- tree transgenes with a high probability of being a food allergen could still be marketed providing they were appropriately labelled.
在1996年最初的决策树种，极为可能成为过敏原的转基因产品，只要经过恰当标示，仍然可以被销售。
be marketed:被销售
Medication or other treatment may be needed if you develop an allergic reaction, infection or other skin problem. In some cases, the tattoo may need to be removed.
假如您出现了过敏反应、感染以及其他的皮肤问题，您被需要立即就医或者其他一些紧急的治疗方法，有时，甚至被需要将纹身消除。
be needed:被需要
And not all schemas allow other schemas to be embedded within themselves.
也不是所有模式都允许其他模式被嵌入自己内部。
be embedded:被嵌入
Because jobs can also be created with intervals of allowable execution, if the job is not retrieved during a validity period, it is not run.
由于也可以按允许执行的间隔被创建作业，因此如果未在有效期内检索作业，则它不会运行。
be created:被创建
Alarms and alerts, for example, which indicate that an initiative has exceeded allowable boundaries in some dimension, can be configured and then "forgotten" by the EPMO.
举例来说，EPMO可以被配置，然后“忽略”那些指示计划已经超越某些维度上可允许的边界的警报。
be configured:被配置
The all- purpose BRAINS button can be used in any situation, deadly or otherwise.
这本书还有一个全功能按钮，可以在任何情况下被使用，包括致命的情况。
be used:被使用
A painting should be looked at alone, or with one or two others.
一幅画作是要独自欣赏的，最多和一两个人一起观被看。
be looked:被看
Alternatively, such access could be provided by addition of a Service Gateway to the solution.
另外，可以通过添加服务网关到该解决方案来被提供这种访问。
be provided:被提供
Therefore, many of the fragmentation problems stemming from diversity can be mitigated or even avoided altogether.
因此，大多数的防止差异上的分裂问题可以完全地被减轻或是甚至避免。
be mitigated:被减轻
The most altruistic behavior of all, giving your life to help another, can be explained in cold- blooded evolutionary terms.
最利他的行为，就是为他人牺牲自己，这也可以用毫无人情味的进化论来被解释。
be explained:被解释
There was even talk of mining old landfills to extract steel and aluminium cans. And waste that could not be recycled should at least be used to generate energy, the evangelists argued.
甚至有人说要开采垃圾掩埋地来提取钢材和铝罐，“至于不能被回收的垃圾至少可以用来产生能源”，福音传教士争论到。
be recycled:被回收
A letter has also been reported in which a person claiming to be an ASU alumnus wrote to the university board to demand that her "$ 32, 000 New American Scholar Award be revoked immediately ".
报道称一名自称是亚利桑那州州立大学校友的人向学校董事会写信举报，要求立即她的被撤销32000美金的新美国奖学金。
be revoked:被撤销
"This suggests the possibility that a treatment like this could be tested to see if it could delay the onset of Alzheimer's disease," said Prof Holtzman.
“这意味着存在这样的可能性：可以对这种治疗方式进行被测试，看看它是否能推迟老年痴呆症的发作，”霍茨曼教授说。
be tested:被测试
Comfort for Either Hand: Ambidextrous design allows it to be used with left or right hand comfortably.
舒适的要么手：灵巧的设计允许它被使用左手或右手舒适。
be used:被使用
But ambiguity need not be restricted to conditions of one variable.
但是对于某个变量的条件产生的模糊性是应该被限制的。
be restricted:被限制
I would really be disappointed if we do not reach an agreement so ambitious that the EU could agree to 30 per cent.
如果各方不能达成一项足以让欧盟同意减排30%的雄心勃勃的协定，我真的会很被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
The phrase “must be authorised by the supervisor ” simply means that the process that implements this capability (Amend Order With Authorization, in the example) is dynamically invoked.
“必须由管理程序被授权”意味着实现此功能（在本例中即被授权修正顺序）的流程是动态调用的。
be authorised:被授权
Tryptophan is an essential amino acid that acts as a precursor of serotonin – the feel- good chemical – and can be converted to melatonin, eliciting relaxation and pleasure.
色氨酸 ，一种非常重要的氨基酸，也是血清素（让人感觉良好的化学物质）的前导，会被转换成褪黑色素，刺激加强松弛感和愉悦。
be converted:被转换
These memories can generally be recovered through psychotherapy or after the amnesiac state has ended.
实际上，这些记忆并没有真正丧失，在经过心理治疗或病愈之后，这些记忆还可以被恢复。
be recovered:被恢复
But even if animals could be proved amoral and immune to pain, human beings would have no basis for even careless treatment of them.
可是即便被证明了动物属于超道德范畴且它们不会感到痛苦人类也提不出对动物漠不关心对待动物的根据。
be proved:被证明
ADHD can be treated by amphetamine - based drugs but many choose alternative treatment such as meditation or life - coaching.
ADHD可以用安非他命为基础的药物来被治疗，但很多人会选择其他方式，如冥想或者找一个生活教练。
be treated:被治疗
When you have ample RAM, this provides an excellent way of supporting very fast disk access; unused files will be swapped on to disk.
当您有充足的RAM 时，这提供了支持超快速磁盘访问的理想方法；未使用的文件将被交换到磁盘上。
be swapped:被交换
The amplifier can be connected to the PC via Bluetooth, so the user doesn't have to sit next to the PC.
该放大器可以通过蓝牙被连接到电脑，这样用户就不必坐在电脑旁边。
be connected:被连接
A top athletic court says sprinter and double amputee Oscar Pistorius must be allowed to compete for a spot in the Beijing Olympics.
但一个高级运动员法庭称这位双截肢运动员奥斯卡·皮斯托里斯应获被允许参加北京奥运会。
be allowed:被允许
All of this happens in an operating theatre on site using equipment and anaesthetic the same as would be used in human brain surgery.
这一切都在手术室进行，现场被使用与人类大脑外科手术相同的设备和麻醉药。
be used:被使用
This discussion could be extended to include other equally important roles, such as project manager or tester, but for now, we will focus on the roles of the analyst, architect, and developer.
可以把这个讨论被扩展到包含其他同样重要的角色，例如项目经理或测试人员，但是就目前来说，只关注分析师、架构师和开发人员的角色。
be extended:被扩展
The Project Model Manager coordinates with each Business Analyst by providing a pointer to a workspace that can be opened in the appropriate tool.
通过提供一个指向可以在合适工具中被打开的工作区，项目模型管理员可以与每一个业务分析员相协调。
be opened:被打开
For the signed form corresponding to the one given in listing 1, a new document with as the document element must be created with namespaces inherited from all ancestor nodes.
对于与清单1相对应的已签名表单，必须使用从所有祖先节点继承的名称空间被创建一个新文档，其中包含文档元素。
be created:被创建
Skeptics say there is no way to verify such anecdotal reports — and that many of the experiences can be explained by neurobiological changes in the brain as people die.
怀疑论者认为没有办法验证这种轶事般的报道，而且很多这种体验可以用病人死后大脑神经生物学上的改变来被解释。
be explained:被解释
ICBC is now said to be interested in the Royal Bank of Scotland's Asian assets, along with Australia's ANZ Bank and Anglo - Asian lenders HSBC and Standard Chartered Bank.
工行表示，现在被感兴趣的是苏格兰皇家银行在亚洲的资产，以及澳大利亚的澳新银行、盎格鲁亚洲银行汇丰银行和标准特许银行。
be interested:被感兴趣
Four UK enquiries have in recent years all concluded that animal testing gives scientifically important results that could not be obtained otherwise.
最近几年英国的四项研究都得出这样的结论，动物实验提供了从其它途径无法被获得的重要科学成果。
be obtained:被获得的
They can even be mixed within the same animate () call.
甚至可以在同一个animate()调用中被混合使用这些数值。
be mixed:被混合
IBM does not announce what features will be provided in releases before they ship, but I would expect these to be officially supported around the middle of 2003.
在这些发行版面世之前，IBM 并没有宣布它们要被提供什么功能，但我希望在2003 年年中左右这些功能能够得到官方支持。
be provided:被提供
That anomaly suggests that the expression of proteins may be controlled by combinations of genes, rather than just by individual genes.
这种异常说明蛋白质结构也许不是由单个基因被控制，而是由基因组被控制的。
be controlled:被控制
CONCLUSION LKP is safe to be used to treat peptic ulcer with clinical therapeutic dose, and antacid, pepsin inhibition, local haemostasis, mucosa protection and analgesia could be primary mechanism.
结论临床被使用敛溃散是安全的，抗酸、抑制胃蛋白酶、局部止血和黏膜保护以及镇痛等作用是其抗溃疡病的主要机制。
be used:被使用
Situations where you're in physical danger should be handled as if you're meeting a bear in the woods: back away slowly and don't antagonize.
你处于人生危险的处境当按照仿佛在丛林中遇到一头熊那样子来被处理：慢慢后退，不要激怒。
be handled:被处理
Those adolescents who do become pregnant should be provided with quality antenatal care and skilled birth attendance.
应为那些已怀孕的青少年被提供优质的产前护理和熟练的助产服务。
be provided:被提供
But “the hostile part can be mobilized from time to time ,” by what he calls“ anti- immigrant entrepreneurs.
但是“敌对的那部分可能会不时地被动员”，以他称之为“反移民企业家”的名义。
be mobilized:被动员
Simply anticipate that your application may need to be localized and avoid the design choices that limit you to a single language.
简单的预期是，应用程序可能需要进行被本地化，并避免会将您限制到某一种语言的设计选择。
be localized:被本地化
At the same time the author points out that the polygon vertexes can be sorted clockwise or anticlockwise by judging the sign of the vector polygon area.
同时指出可以通过判断矢量多边形面积的正负值将多边形的顶点按照顺时针或逆时针方向被排序。
be sorted:被排序
It can be treated with antihistamine nose sprays, tablets, steroid nose sprays and even eye drops.
抗组胺鼻喷剂、花片、类固醇喷鼻剂和眼花水都可以被治疗花粉热。
be treated:被治疗
Perhaps the best that can be hoped for is a rapid shift from antithesis to Hegelian synthesis.
或许我们能抱有的最好的被希望就是从对立主义到黑格尔学说迅速的转变。
be hoped:被希望
All samples will be submitted to the antivirus vendors with the name of the team who created it, so if one is released, they will know which team it came from.
“他们害怕代码样本流入坊间，”他说，“所有的样本会连同制作小组的名字被提交给防病毒产商，因此要是有泄露，产商就会知道是来自哪个小组。”
be submitted:被提交
Clients may be upgraded at anytime, but you should understand the limitations of upgrading them first with an older backend.
可以在任何时候对客户机进行被升级，但是应当了解首次使用较旧的后端来被升级它们时的局限性。
be upgraded:被升级
The profile can be deployed anywhere on the file system: it does not necessarily have to be in the workspace.
这个概要文件可以被部署在文件系统的任何地方：它并不一定要在工作空间中。
be deployed:被部署
Aphasia can be studied in order to discover how the brain processes language.
通过被研究失语症可以揭示大脑是如何处理语言的。
be studied:被研究
It remains difficult to gather statistics even on modern porn usage in China though some idea can be gleaned from apocryphal sources.
虽然可以从坊间传闻中四处搜集信息，但是关于中国现代色情作品使用量的数据还是很难被收集到的。
be gleaned:被收集
Cerebral apoplexy can be avoided by means of long-term treatment for danger factors.
通过对危险因素坚持长期治疗及健康生活方式，脑卒中是可以被避免的。
be avoided:被避免
In that case, the benchmark should be adjusted so that any further slowdown will become apparent the next time.
如果是这样的话，基准就需要被调整以便下一次任何更多的性能下降变得明显。
be adjusted:被调整
Notice of the decision on appeal shall be given to the appellant and the reasons for such decision shall be provided in writing.
关于上诉的决定应通知上诉人，作出该决定的理由应以书面形式被提供。
be provided:被提供
It consists of familiar, appetizing, well- accepted food items that can be prepared quickly and easily.
它包括常见的，开胃的，普遍接受的，很快和很容易被准备的食品。
be prepared:被准备
Some resources of the application should be modified after installation via the admin console.
应用程序的一些资源应该在安装之后通过管理控制台被修改。
be modified:被修改
Not all of them will be applied because they are conflicted.
并不是所有变更都将被应用，因为它们是冲突的。
be applied:被应用
Not all of your changes will be applied because they are conflicted.
并不是所有变更都将被应用，因为它们是冲突的。
be applied:被应用
For each one they have analyzed the time it takes from the moment data comes to when it can be applied to the business.
对于每一个流程，他们都仔细分析了从数据进入那一刻，到该流程能够被应用到业务中时所需要的时间。
be applied:被应用
They can be applied in any context, as long as you understand how to apply them, of course.
他们可以在任何一种背景下被应用，当然，只要你懂得如何去被应用他们。
be applied:被应用
Finally, any of these can be applied recursively, meaning that they will apply to every mount under the target mount.
最后，这些设置都可以递归地被应用，这意味着它们将被应用于目标挂载之下的所有挂载。
be applied:被应用
Any efficiency learned from one product can be applied to the other products.
一个产品的效率提高可以被应用到另一个产品上去。
be applied:被应用
This helped ensure that our education efforts could be applied across a variety of platforms, so that we had an easy exit strategy if we wanted to go in another direction.
这也确保了我们的教育成果可以在不同平台下得到被应用，这样，在我们想退出某一策略去尝试另一个方向时可以轻易的完成。
be applied:被应用
These techniques are not described in RUP, but they can be applied without problems in RUP test projects.
这些技术没有在RUP中描述，但是他们可以毫无问题地被应用到RUP测试项目中。
be applied:被应用
Senators were not to be elected, but to be appointed by the state legislatures.
参议员不是选出来的，而是由各州议会被任命的。
be appointed:被任命
Before the tests can be considered final, a representative of each team must approve them, demonstrating that all teams are in agreement regardless of who developed which tests.
在最终确定测试之前，每个团队的代表都必须对其进行认可，从而表示所有团队已就其达成了一致，而不被考虑谁开发了哪个测试。
be considered:被考虑
Only Chinese can be used in classroom activities unless approved by school otherwise.
课堂讨论、提问和回答问题一律被使用中文。
be used:被使用
This makes 100 hours of practice – in reality it comes to approx. 50% more than that, because passages already mastered need to be repeated on a regular basis.
这就需要100个小时的练习-事实上大约还要多50％，因为已经掌握了的乐段需要定期的被重复练习。
be repeated:被重复
After this, however, evidence of knowledge of poison in Ptolemaic Egypt can be traced to the writings of an ancient alchemist, Agathodiamon 100BC approx.
在这之后，有关埃及托勒密王朝毒药知识的线索可被追踪至古代炼金术士——艾格沙狄蒙的笔录（大约公元100 年前）。
be traced:被追踪
If these weightings are assigned a priori — based on an assumed cause or theory and not experiment — they are arbitrary, and wildly different rankings can be generated using the same metrics.
如果这些权重是事先指定的（根据假定的原因或理论而非实验），它们就是主观的，使用同样的衡量标准可能被产生差异很大的排名。
be generated:被产生
Thankfully, too, most applications and libraries can be updated seamlessly and on demand using tools such as rpm, Aptitude, and yum.
另外，可以使用rpm、Aptitude和yum等工具根据需要对大多数应用程序和库进行无缝被更新。
be updated:被更新
For choosing economically and suitable transition type and management scheme, it should to be optimized the original design of connection type of out- inlet of the aqueduct by hydraulic model test.
为选取经济合理的渐变段型式和管理调度运用方式，需通过水工模型试验对原设计渡槽的进出口连接型式和渡槽的运用方式进行被优化。
be optimized:被优化
But the impulse behind them will have to be recovered in the Arab world, if revolt is to become revolution.
但是，如果要使起义变成革命的话，就必须在阿拉伯世界被恢复这些现象背后的那种冲动。
be recovered:被恢复
The railroads are also concerned that the federal government will be the final arbiter of how new capacity created with the federal funds will be allocated between passenger and freight traffic.
铁路公司们同时担心，对于联邦基金产生的新运力，客车和货车该怎么被分配，联邦政府可能成为最终仲裁者。
be allocated:被分配
This is an arbitrary block of XML, which means it can be formatted to match any XML schema.
这是一个任意的XML块，这意味着可以对它进行被格式化来匹配任何XML模式。
be formatted:被格式化
In RDF, this triple would be encoded based on the format used to identify cartoon characters and their arch - enemies.
在RDF 中，这个三元组将根据一种特殊格式被编码，这种格式用于识别卡通人物和他们的主要敌人。
be encoded:被编码
Such PCLs could easily be expressed in XML and interpreted by the archetype plug-ins to facilitate the customization (selection and extension) of the existing features.
此类PCL可方便地用XML被表示并通过原型插件解释，以方便对现有功能的自定义（选择和扩展）。
be expressed:被表示
WAI - ARIA is a set of tag - libs for normal HTML tags that can only be mapped to useful information by browsers and Assistive Tools (AT) that support them.
WAI-ARIA是一组由普通HTML标记组成的标记库，这些标记只能由浏览器和支持它们的AssistiveTools (AT)被映射到有用的信息。
be mapped:被映射
So part of your analysis must be to determine not just how the design can support users now, but how it can be modified to support newer technologies as they arise.
因此，您分析工作的一部分不仅要确定设计现在能够如何支持用户，还要确定如何对其进行被修改以支持不断出现的新技术。
be modified:被修改
Should Tenderer elect to confirm the original offer and absorb the arithmetical mistakes, an endorsement of the tendered items shall be submitted to Owner.
如果投标商确认其初始价格并且能够承担算术错误，其还应对其报价项目被提交背书资料。
be submitted:被提交
This contract is part of the Army's Long Term Armor Strategy initiative to equip all tactical vehicles with the ability to be armored when necessary.
该合同是美陆军长期被装甲策略设想的一部分，该设想希望在需要时能够向所有战术车辆提供被装甲能力。
be armored:被装甲
There is no question of a spontaneous mass welcome in the streets. If the leadership so decides, however, one can be arranged in a matter of hours.
大量群众自发的夹道欢迎似乎并不可能。但如果领导决定的话，也是有可能在数小时之内被安排如此规模的欢迎仪式的。
be arranged:被安排
Arrive early enough to soak your reed, warm up your instrument, or vocalize – whatever you need to do to be prepared to get right to the music.
早些到达，以便有足够的时间浸你的簧片，调试你的乐器，或者练练声——做你需要做的每一样事情，为表演作好被准备。
be prepared:被准备
With this add -on, the buttons for the add- ons that reside in the bar will only be displayed as buttons, no bar, and they can easily be hidden and redisplayed thanks to an arrow.
有了这个插件，你便可以把组件驻留在工具栏上——只会被显示为按钮而不是占用整个工具条，他们可以很容易的隐藏和点击一个箭头重新被显示。
be displayed:被显示
Temporal arteritis is caused by inflammation of the artery in the temple (hence "temporal ") and can be treated with steroids.
颞动脉炎是由太阳穴内的动脉发炎所引起（所以叫做“颞”动脉炎），被治疗药物为内固醇。
be treated:被治疗
There was an artful configuration of a sink that, when filled, could be tipped up so that its contents would spill into the toilet below.
被有被一被只被奇被巧被的被台被盆被，被当被盆被里被装被满被水被时被，被脸被盆被会被倾被斜被过被来被，被把被水被溢被出被到被底被下被的被马被桶被里被去被。被
be tipped:被
A tag defined in one project cannot be applied to an artifact in another project.
在一个项目中定义的标签，不能被应用到另一个项目中的工件。
be applied:被应用
As we described earlier, personas represent user groups; in an artifact, they can be supported with demographic and other data.
如我们早先描述的，角色代表用户组，在工件中，他们可以由人口统计和其他数据被支持。
be supported:被支持
But about half of cases of never - smokers with lung cancer cannot be explained by known risk factors, which also include asbestos, indoor wood- burning stoves, and aerosolized oils caused by cooking.
但是，大约有一半不吸烟者肺癌病例无法用已知的危险因素进行被解释。已知危险因素还包括：石棉、烧薪材的室内火炉和油烟。
be explained:被解释
You must verify whether the column selected to be sorted is the immediately preceding column to have been sorted and, if it is, in which direction (ascending or descending) it was previously sorted.
您必须检查要被排序的选定列是否刚好在已被排序的列的前面，如果是这样，还需要确定已经被排序的列的被排序方向（升序或降序）。
be sorted:被排序
But if your heart is aligned with this truth you have nothing to be ashamed of.
但是如果你的心坚持真理，那你就没有什么好被羞愧的。
be ashamed:被羞愧
You shouldn’t be ashamed or afraid, because you have nothing to fear - you really do not understand the causes of a problem.
你不应该感到被羞愧或害怕，因为你没有什么可担心的 ——你真的不明白引起问题的的原因。
be ashamed:被羞愧
Itis therefore not possible to allow a player to be registered at the same timefor different eleven -a-side football clubs22.
因此，不允许一个球员同时被注册于不同的十一人制足球队。
be registered:被注册
Microtherm stability is the ability fighting aspic when measuring coating to be used in microtherm.
低温稳定性是衡量涂料在低温被使用时的抗冻能力。
be used:被使用
Yeah, they look interesting and some can really be used but others are a pain in the ass, literraly!
不错，它们看上去挺有趣的，有些真的可以被使用，而另一些则会让屁股痛，就这字面意思啦！
be used:被使用
For example, a manufacturer might require its parts suppliers to be located nearby its assembly plant to minimize the cost of transportation.
例如，一个制造商也许会要求他的生产商被位于他的装配工厂附近以减少运输的成本。
be located:被位于
ED Miliband will pledge today that asset- stripping companies will not be tolerated under a future Labour Government as he offers a "new bargain "to the British people.
埃德·米利班德今日宣称，工党政府将不会被容忍“资产剥夺者”，他会为英国人民讨回公道。
be tolerated:被容忍
It can be connected to another service associated with the enterprise architecture, but will not be a service in its own right.
它可以被连接到另一个与企业体系结构相关的服务，但是不能单独作为一个服务而存在。
be connected:被连接
The study will be published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
该研究将发表在"心理科学"杂志上，一本由心理学协会被出版的杂志。
be published:被出版
Any further changes to assuage shareholder concerns are likely to be announced soon after the ruling.
任何缓和股东担忧的进一步变化都可能在裁定后不久被宣布。
be announced:被宣布
So, do not be surprised if this assumption is invalidated in future releases, though I think the probability of that is low.
因此，如果这种假设在将来的版本中无效，也不用感到被惊奇；不过我认为这种可能性非常小。
be surprised:被惊奇
With a very large outboard motor, for example, the boat may be imbalanced by having that weight far astern and may "squat" in the water and not sail as well.
例如，如果装了一台很大的舷外发动机，船只可能会因其重量而变得被不平衡，尾部偏重，用俗话说倾向于在水中“蹲着”，而影响航行。
be imbalanced:被不平衡
This terrible disorder may be caused by a dislocation of the astral body?
这种可怕的紊乱会是由星体躯体的错位被引起的吗？
be caused:被引起的
Astro - Foam Renew is available in rolls, sheets or can be converted into pouches.
天文泡沫续订提供名册，床单或可被转换成袋。
be converted:被转换
Some UFO sightings could be explained by ball lightning and other atmospheric phenomena, claims Australian astrophysicist Stephen Hughes.
澳大利亚天体物理学家斯蒂芬·休斯称球状闪电和其他大气现象可以被解释人们看到一些不明飞行物（UFO）现象。
be explained:被解释
Prosper says the concerns of a state have to be balanced against human rights obligations, and protection and asylum needs.
普罗斯珀说，一个国家所处理的事务应当与人权义务及避难保护要有相对的被平衡。
be balanced:被平衡
And traits such as athleticism and intelligence are affected not just by DNA, but by environmental factors that cannot be controlled in a lab.
而像智力或者运动能力这样的特征，并不仅仅决定于DNA，环境等实验室无法被控制的因素也起着作用。
be controlled:被控制
The Germans called for a huge atrium, in which Chinese history could be exhibited overlooking important sites of the country’s past and present.
德国人设计了一个大型天井，其中可以被展示中国历史，俯瞰中国过去与现在重要的场所。
be exhibited:被展示
The assumption is that these text, image, stylesheets, audio files can be cached because they are static; that performance is increased by having them in the edge server caches.
这假设这些文本、图像、电子表格、音频文件都可以被缓存，因为它们是静态的；把它们放在边缘服务器被缓存中可以提高性能。
be cached:被缓存
You also have the option to extract audit records into delimited ASCII files, which can then be loaded into DB2 relational tables for analysis and querying.
也可以将审计记录提取到定界ASCII文件中，然后可以将这些文件被装载到DB2关系表中，以便进行分析和查询。
be loaded:被装载
This feature can be used to monitor, track, record, and audit the activities of all users on an AIX system, including system administrators.
可以被使用这个特性对AIX系统上所有用户（包括系统管理员）的活动进行监视、跟踪、记录和审计。
be used:被使用
Malnutrition, so often caused by sheer poverty, can be ameliorated with nutritious easy -to- grow vegetables to augment the starchy local diet.
常常由极端贫穷造成的营养不良可以通过在当地多淀粉的膳食中增加富有营养、易于种植的蔬菜予以被改善。
be ameliorated:被改善
China agrees that the question of amendment to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material should be studied under the auspices of the Agency.
中国同意在机构的主持下，被研究核材料实物保护公约的修约问题。
be studied:被研究
SSL might be used to authenticate the channel connection but the identity obtained is not propagated to the API layer unless an exit is present.
可以被使用SSL 对通道连接进行身份验证，但是除非存在出口，否则所获得的身份不会传播到API层。
be used:被使用
But this soul or personality cannot flow through the apparatus, and so the apparatus must be circumvented ― otherwise authorial credit would be void.
这种灵魂，或者说个性不可能存在于机械装置中，我们必须被避开机械装置——否则就无法奢谈创作的价值。
be circumvented:被避开
This step provides the mappings of authoring templates and presentation templates that need to be defined on the site.
这个步骤将添加需要在站点中被定义的创作模板和表示模板的映射。
be defined:被定义
User identity must be propagated into services and used to authorize data access.
用户标识必须被传播到服务中，并用于授权数据访问。
be propagated:被传播
Thus, authorship information can be expressed inside or outside of the documents concerned.
这样，就可以在相关文档的内部或外部被表示原创作者信息。
be expressed:被表示
However, this technology cannot yet be automated from the command line.
然而，这项技术却不能被自动从命令行中产生。
be automated:被自动
Some of those tests will be exploratory. Even some of the exploratory tests will need to be automated in order to repeat them.
其中的一些测试是探索性的，甚至有些探索性的测试需要以被自动化方式实现，以便以后重复运行。
be automated:被自动
In lower-priced cars, company officials say, Toyota is likely to expand the use of an automatic transmission that can be operated in full manual mode.
针对低价车，公司管理人员表示，丰田可能扩大完全可由手动模式被操作的自动变速器的使用。
be operated:被操作
A soft, indestructible automaton provided by nature to be kicked when things go wrong in the domestic circle.
一种大自然赐予的柔软而强健的玩物，专供人在家里诸事不顺的时候被踢上两脚。
be kicked:被踢
And that's why this award must be shared with everyone who strives for justice and dignity.
这就是这个奖项一定要同每一个为公平和尊严奋争的人被分享的原因。
be shared:被分享
The Ayurvedic mud and regeneration oil has many nutrients that will be absorbed through the skin that assist in regeneration of the body while it rests.
阿育吠陀泥和再生油有很多养分，可以透过皮肤被吸收进去，以协助身体当休息时再生。
be absorbed:被吸收
In addition, within the B2B division, unique sites may be created for such segments as Education, Travel, Transportation, Industrial, and so on.
此外，在B2B公司中，可以被创建特有站点，这些站点适用于诸如教育、旅行、运输、工业等部门。
be created:被创建
Maintain a backlog of the appropriate size, perhaps requirements that could be completed in no more than two releases.
维持积压在一个适当的大小，使这些需求可能在两次迭代就可以被完成。
be completed:被完成
A good rule of thumb is to cut the size of your current backlog to contain no more requirements than could be completed in two releases.
一个感觉非常妙的方法是消减您当前积压的规模，使其仅仅包含在两次发布中就可以被完成的需求。
be completed:被完成
Director James Cameron is currently working on two sequels, to be filmed back -to-back.
导演詹姆斯卡梅隆正在准备另两部背靠背被拍摄的续集。
be filmed:被拍摄的
There's also the point that perhaps any aliens in our backyard should be worried about us.
另外还有一点，可能我们后院的那些外星人更应该为我们被担心。
be worried:被担心
The fact that the question needs to be asked is indicative of the enduring bafflement with which we regard Japanese pop culture.
这个被问题的提出足见我们在面对日本流行文化长久以来的困惑。
be asked:被问
In areas experiencing outbreaks in poultry, raw eggs should not be used in foods that will not be further heat -treated as, for example by cooking or baking.
如家禽在正经历禽流感暴发的地区，烹调食品在不进一步加热的情况下，如烧煮或烘烤，食品中不应被使用生蛋。
be used:被使用
The name “Balaclava ” itself can be translated as “a sack of fish ”.
巴拉克拉瓦”这个名字本身可以被翻译为“鱼袋”。
be translated:被翻译
Because the load of resources can be balanced in the grid with unused resources, grid computing is like an extreme form of load balancing.
因为在有未使用资源的网格中可以被平衡资源负载，所以网格计算好像是负载被平衡的一种极端形式。
be balanced:被平衡
Because the load of resources can be balanced in the grid with unused resources, grid computing is like an extreme form of load balancing between SOA applications.
因为在有未使用资源的网格中可以被平衡资源负载，所以网格计算好像是SOA应用程序之间负载被平衡的一种终极形式。
be balanced:被平衡
Unlimited discussion sometimes interferes with these purposes, which must then be balanced against freedom of speech, but freedom of speech ought to weigh very heavily in the scale.
无限制的讨论有时干扰这些功能，届时必须与言论自由相被平衡，但言论自由应该在这个天平上占非常大的分量。
be balanced:被平衡
Instead, look at all the good things you already have – and all the wonderful parts of your life, like your family and friends, which can ’t be totted up on a balance sheet.
被代被之被以被享被受被自被己被已被经被拥被有被的被好被的被东被西被，被更被多被想被想被自被己被生被活被中被精被彩被的被部被分被，被比被如被说被你被的被家被人被和被朋被友被，被虽被然被这被些被都被不被会被出被现被在被你被的被账被单被上被。被
be totted:被
From there, Lodge said, special water - treatment tech could be used to sterilize the ballast water.
由此，洛奇说，可以被使用特殊的水处理技术来对压舱水进行消毒。
be used:被使用
Incremental glass scale with reference point. Measuring head mounted on a ball - bearing. Drive system can be locked or tighten. Fine adjust can also be additionally mounted(available as an option).
金属光栅尺带有零位参考点，测量头安装在滚珠轴承上，驱动系统可被锁定并进行微调（需选加附件）。
be locked:被锁定
The upgrades will improve performance against tactical ballistic and cruise missiles .In addition, select components will be replaced to extend the reliability and service life of the missiles.
这次升级将提升导弹针对战术弹道和巡航导弹的能力，并且，部分部件的被替换还可扩展导弹的可靠性和生命周期。
be replaced:被替换
The acquisition was to be voted on at a shareholder meeting next Monday and investors had increasingly signalled to McGrath and Thiam they were prepared to block the deal at the ballot.
此次并购本来要在下周一的股东大会上被投票表决，而投资者不断地向麦格拉斯和西亚姆发出信号，他们准备在被投票时阻止该交易。
be voted:被投票
A party logo must be registered before writ day to appear on the ballot paper.
一个党的标识必须被注册令状天前出现在选票上。
be registered:被注册
The training methods of billiards for the tacle will be analyzed in order to improve the billiard ball player's tacle. Besides of that some effective training methods will be put forward.
以提高训练者台球技战术水平为目的，对台球训练中经常采用的技战术训练方法，分别进行了综合被分析、研究，从而提出了几种科学、有效地掌握和提高台球技战术水平的训练方法。
be analyzed:被分析
Auxiliary machine installs platform balustrade worktable, so it can be operated easily and safely. Roll -up machine adopts multi - roller friction wind -up structure.
辅机设置平台栏杆工作台，被操作安全、方便、收卷采用多辊摩擦收卷机构。
be operated:被操作
Audible feedback should be used sparingly for transactional kiosks, but it can be useful, for example, to help remind users to take back their bankcard or the change from their purchases.
声音反馈在交易型信息亭中要少用，但有时也是很有用的，比如可以提醒被使用者收起他们的银行卡或者购物后找回的零钱。
be used:被使用
Cash bank draft can only be cashed in the agent payment bank which is written on the bill.
被现金银行汇票只能到票面记载的代理付款行支取被现金；
be cashed:被现金
It cannot be banked today to be withdrawn on the morrow, for who can trap the wind?
我无法把今天存入被银行，明天再来取用。时间像风一样不可捕捉。
be banked:被银行
The AA and others demand that the autumn increase in petrol duty should be postponed and millions of bank holiday motorists are told that Gordon Brown “feels your hurt ”.
美国航空公司（AA？ 不知道是什么缩写，译者）和其他公司要求被推迟原计划于秋季增加的汽油税，并且，数以百万计的假日自驾旅行者告诉戈登·布朗（英国现任首相，译者注）他们“很受伤”。
be postponed:被推迟
Custom made machines, even for specialized markets such as banknote and stamp printing can be designed and built on demand.
定制的机器，即使是专门的市场，如钞票和邮票印刷可以被设计和制造上的需求。
be designed:被设计
Then, you wake up one morning, and all that's left of your site is a full- page banner ad for a site you'd rather not be associated with.
然而某一天早上醒来之后，您突然发现站点上全是某个与您毫无被相关的站点的全页横幅广告。
be associated:被相关
Hilton is building its own hotel there, which you may be sure will be decorated with Hamlet Hamburger Bars, the Lear Lounge, the Banquo Banqueting Room, and so forth, and will be very expensive.
希尔顿也在这里修建了一座自己的酒店，在这里你肯定可以看到被装饰一新的哈姆雷特汉堡酒吧、李尔休息室、班科宴会厅等等。这些地方都将极尽奢华。
be decorated:被装饰
The book, written with fellow physicist Leonard Mlodinow, is scheduled to be published by Bantam Press on Sept. 9.
这本书是霍金与他的同事，物理学家LeonardMlodinow一起合作完成的，并预计由班特姆被出版社在9月9日被出版发行。
be published:被出版
The concept is explored in The Grand Design, which is written by Hawking and his fellow physicist Leonard Mlodiwmis and is scheduled to be published by Bantam Press on September 9.
这一观点来自于新书《伟大的设计》，由霍金与物理学家伦纳德-穆勒迪诺合著，并将于9月9日被出版。
be published:被出版
When all the header information for calendar entries cannot be displayed completely for a day in a calendar view, the day displays a horizontal scroll bar.
在日程表视图中，当一天中的所有日程表条目的标题信息无法完全被显示时，则为这一天被显示一个横向滚动条。
be displayed:被显示
Barcode generation APIs can be used to generate barcodes with the data provided.
可以被使用条形码生成API利用提供的数据生成条形码。
be used:被使用
WS - I compliance results can be displayed as a pie - chart, bar graph, or table.
WS-I遵从性结果可以饼图、条形图或表格的形式被显示。
be displayed:被显示
McKinley, the first presidential candidate to barnstorm across the nation, backed the gold standard against his Democratic opponent's proposal that it should be joined by silver in a fixed ratio.
麦金莱（WilliamMcKinley）是首位在全美进行演讲的总统候选人，他支持金本位体系，反对其民主党对手提出的白银以固定比例被加入的金银复本位制。
be joined:被加入
Housekeeping will check the mini- bar and the room for used or missing items so additional charges will not be missed by an overstay rushing out.
酒店客房员工会检查迷你吧及客房，看房内有无使用过或丢失的物品，以便不会因客人退房太久而被错过收取额外使用费的时机。
be missed:被错过
Basal - cell carcinomas and squamous - cell carcinomas tend to be red to pink and crusty, and bleed easily.
如果是基底细胞癌和鳞状细胞癌，色痣一般呈被红色或粉被红色，表面角化，容易流血。
be red:被红色
We provide here some base-line definitions to be used in this article.
我们将在此给出一些本文中将要被使用的基本定义。
be used:被使用
Remember that this baseline information might have to be refreshed periodically.
请记住，可能需要周期性地被更新这个基准信息。
be refreshed:被更新
On the other hand, it may be served by a certain application in the baseline, but that application has been changed in a target architecture (and not in another target).
另一方面，它可能是由基线中的特定程序来被服务的，但是程序可以在目标结构中发生变动（不是在另一个目标中变动）。
be served:被服务
With each vehicle the system presents a base rate, which may be discounted based on the customer's rental profile.
对每辆汽车，系统都会显示一个基础费率，如果顾客租用汽车的历史比较长，还可以打一些被折扣。
be discounted:被折扣
Basically you want to see clearly how the other changes will be applied to your work in the compare editor.
基本上，您希望在比较编辑器中清楚地看到其他的变更如何被应用于您的工作内容中。
be applied:被应用
These heterogeneous batch updates enable all associated tables to be updated in one network round trip to the server.
这些异构批处理被更新允许在到服务器的一次网络行程中被更新所有相关联的表。
be updated:被更新
Reusability in the data cleansing patterns is realized through the definition of cleansing rules that can be applied at the record level through a service or through a batch process for bulk data.
数据清理模式中的可重用性是通过清理规则的定义来实现的，这些清理规则可以在记录级别被应用，也可以在服务或通过大量数据的批处理被应用。
be applied:被应用
The batch files and stored procedures need to be created specifically for each of the application for their respective code deployment.
为了各个应用程序的代码部署，需要专门为每个应用程序被创建批文件和存储过程。
be created:被创建
Users can also assign a high priority to batch jobs during off- peak hours so they can be completed within designated windows.
用户还可以在非高峰时间段给批作业分配高优先级，让它们能够在指定的时间窗内被完成。
be completed:被完成
MIGHTY 】 The mighty battleship was so badly damaged that it could not be used again.
庞大的战舰受到严重的损害，无法再被使用。
be used:被使用
That little bauble is not to be compared with this enormous jewel.
那个小摆设不能与这个大宝石相被比较。
be compared:被比较
If you feel good, your skin will feel good too Consult a beautician about how your skin should be cared for.
如果您感觉良好，您的皮肤感觉良好太将咨询关于怎样的一名美容师应该被关心您的皮肤对。
be cared:被关心
You know you will not be allowed to get up for several days after operation, so you must learn to use the bedpan.
你知道在术后几天内是不被允许下床的，所以你必须学会使用便盆。
be allowed:被允许
First of all, health experts say bed-wetting should be treated with understanding.
首先，健康专家说尿床应该是以理解被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
Once you know that the bread must be toasted packet white, the bacon smoked, the lettuce Iceberg, the tomato beefsteak and the mayo Hellmann's then even the most hopeless tyro can't go wrong.
一旦你知道白色被烤面包，熏制的培根，西生菜，番茄牛排和好乐门蛋黄酱对于再菜的菜鸟都不会弄错。
be toasted:被烤面包
"I don't see how trust can be restored without an entirely different social belief system ," he says." I'm not optimistic about it at all.
“我不知道没有完全不同信仰体系诚信如何能够被恢复，”他说，“对于这一切我一点也不乐观。”
be restored:被恢复
The total shipment will be invoiced to you at 10% below export list prices.
全部货物将按低于出口商品价格的10%开被发票给你。
be invoiced:被发票
Larger, coarser areas of calcification may be caused by aging or by a benign condition such as fibroadenoma, a common noncancerous tumor of the breast.
更大的、大颗粒的钙化区域可能是变老所致，或者某种良性疾病——如纤维性瘤、一块普通的非癌变乳房肿瘤——被引起的。
be caused:被引起的
Beta - blocker therapy should be initiated at a low dose and only in stable patients.
对于住院期间需要正性肌力药物的患者，被开始β-受体阻滞剂治疗应格外小心（证据水平：B）。
be initiated:被开始
Beware of being seduced by overly “sensible ” and“ reasonable ” sounding ideas or solutions. All angles must be evaluated first.
小心过度感性或理性的思想和结论的引诱，首先应该从所有的角度、方面被评估。
be evaluated:被评估
Consistent with this is the finding that people tend to be biased when comparing any single individual, not just themselves, against a group of others.
与此一致的一个发现是当人们与任何一个人比较，不是他们自己，而是另一个团队的人时，人们往往会有被偏见。
be biased:被偏见
To be biased and side with the Israelis, this is traditional for the United States; we do not expect them to be in the middle soon.
对我们有被偏见和支持以色列，这是美国一惯的传统。我们并不期望他们能在短时间内变成中立。
be biased:被偏见
With its sleekly sculpted basin, high-tech control panel, automatic lid, heated seat and built-in bidet, the “Neorest ” is the sort of lavatory that would surely be used by James Bond.
精雕细琢的水池，高科技控制的面板，自动盖子，可以加热的座椅以及内置的坐浴盘，这种“全自动座便器”詹姆斯.邦德先生就一定会被使用。
be used:被使用
Fact marry not be protected by law. Law marry is bigamous precondition.
事实婚不受法律被保护，法律婚是重婚的前提。
be protected:被保护
Ideal for bijou apartments, the coffee table neatly houses four sitting stools which can be popped out as and when required opening up a petite storage shelf for magazine and other glossies.
被这被款被咖被啡被桌被尤被其被适被合被于被那被些被小被公被寓被，被四被个被坐被凳被整被齐被地被嵌被于被桌被内被，被使被用被时被只被要被推被出被即被可被，被如被有被需被要被，被你被还被可被以被打被开被一被个被小被厨被藏被架被，被来被获被取被你被想被要被的被杂被志被或被刊被物被。被
be popped:被
So far the negotiating teams have agreed that everything that is related to market access either in goods or services would most likely be negotiated and committed at the bilateral level.
他说：“被谈判团队迄今已经同意，所有与市场准入相关的问题，不论是货物还是服务，都最最有可能在双边层面进行被谈判并作出承诺。
be negotiated:被谈判
However, these terms should not be used interchangeably, as CAT technologies also include machine translation, a computer technology based on linguistic rules and the use of bilingual dictionaries.
但是，这些术语不应该互换，因为CAT技术还包括机器翻译（一种基于语言学规则并被使用双语词典的计算机技术）。
be used:被使用
One day, Goat Leg Billy asked him to be allowed to get married with the Shepherdess, the Chinese doll nodded his head and said yes.
有天，山羊腿比利请求他被允许自己娶牧羊女，中国瓷娃娃点点头同意了。
be allowed:被允许
They can be popped in a recycling bin when you arrive and bought cheaply or had for free when you get to the other end.
被不被管被你被是被到被达被了被目被的被地被，被还被是被在被到被达被下被一被个被地被点被时被便被宜被买被来被或被免被费被得被到被的被，被这被些被盒被子被都被能被再被次被得被到被回被收被利被用被。被
be popped:被
However, in software terms, this definition can be refined as the study of source or binary code that is not currently running.
但是，在软件术语中，该定义可以被精炼为研究当前没有运行的源代码或二进制码。
be refined:被精炼
So if you wish not to use external mapping file then annotations can be used for your data binding needs.
因此，如果您不想被使用外部映射文件，那么可以被使用注释来满足您的数据绑定需求。
be used:被使用
The key public health message is that "light drinking is fine but heavy and binge drinking should be avoided ", he said.
阿桑尼’弗凯尔教授，是皇家妇产科学院的院长。他说，关于公众健康的主要信息是，“轻度饮酒是可以的，但是重度饮酒和狂欢应该被避免。”
be avoided:被避免
Biodiesel is made from processed vegetable or plant oil, and can be used in diesel engines on its own, or blended with petroleum - based fuel.
生物柴油是以菜油或是植物油加工而成的燃油。可以单独用于柴油机，也可以和以石油为基础的燃油混合被使用。
be used:被使用
The Scripps marine biologists who studied the snail are now investigating how its luminescent properties could be applied to the fields of optics or bioengineering.
致力于研究这种海蜗牛的斯科利普斯研究所的海洋生物学家们，正在探究它的生物光的特性怎样被应用于光学或生物工程学领域。
be applied:被应用
As a biofuel, ethanol is relatively easy to make, but it has a lower energy density than gasoline and can't be transported through existing pipelines designed for petroleum fuels.
乙醇作为一种生物燃料相对来说容易生产。但是与汽油相比它的能量密度较低，而且不能够通过现有的化石燃料管线来被运输。
be transported:被运输
White granted access to his papers on condition that he be allowed to read and comment upon the biography in progress.
怀特被允许埃里奇查阅他的私人资料，条件是他可以在传记写作过程中，随时阅读并评论。
be allowed:被允许
But lessons need to be learned to build on these successes in a world changing with advances in biotechnology and information, the threat of climate change and new demographic trends.
但是在一个生物技术和信息进展、气候变化的威胁以及新的人口统计趋势不断变化的世界，需要被学习经验教训从而把这些成功作为基础。
be learned:被学习
Don't worry about not being a'proper' or'true' bisexual - it's okay to have a preference or to only be attracted to one gender at a time for parts of your life.
不要担心是一个“真正”或者说“确切”的双性恋——有倾向是一件很好的事情，或许在你人生中的某个阶段你仅仅只为一种性别的人所被吸引。
be attracted:被吸引
Before consumption, bitter almonds must be processed to remove the poison.
在消费前，苦杏仁都要经过被处理去掉这种毒素。
be processed:被处理
The final versions are published on Eco Weekly a biweekly publication that can be downloaded and printed at no cost.
最终版本发布在双周刊EcoWeekly里供免费被下载和打印。
be downloaded:被下载
Drugs like these can easily be mixed in drinks to make a person black out and forget things that happen.
此类药物可以轻易地被混合在饮料中，使人意识混乱，忘记一切。
be mixed:被混合
Virginia's governor called the blackout in his state its second-largest ever and warned that electricity might not be restored for a week.
弗吉尼亚州州长说，该州这次停电从规模上讲堪称史上第二大，并警告称可能一周内都不会被恢复供电。
be restored:被恢复
After being charged with fuel on Sunday, the spacecraft will be connected to the rocket, and transferred to the launch site for a final check before blast -off.
太空舱将在周日补充燃料并被连接到火箭，在抵达发射地点以后，将接受发射前的最后一次检查。
be connected:被连接
Some lawmakers have also shown interest in the potential capital that could be generated by encouraging the growth of “hybrid” organizations that blend attributes of for - profits and nonprofits.
一些议员还对由鼓励推进"混合式"组织所可能被产生的潜在资本表示感兴趣,这样的"混合式"组织融合盈利和非盈利两者特性.
be generated:被产生
Whether the blessing is given in words or with gestures, in a solemn or an informal way, our lives need to be blessed lives.
无论这种被祝福是通过语言还是手势，正式的或非正式的途径，我们的生活需要成为蒙被祝福的生活。
be blessed:被祝福
Blitz also possesses the standard calculator type functions, so arrays can be displayed on the standard output, and can be read from and sent to files.
Blitz还处理标准计算器类型函数，所以数组可在标准输出上被显示，而且可从文件中读入或发送到文件。
be displayed:被显示
The BLOB domain can be used when the message is treated as opaque, not parsed, and simply routed.
当将消息视为不透明的、不进行解析或者只是进行路由时，可以被使用BLOB域。
be used:被使用
With the BLOB method, the XML cannot be queried, nor can just a portion be returned to an application.
使用BLOB方法时不能查询XML，也不能将XML 的一部分被返回到应用程序中。
be returned:被返回
He is confined to players with the correct birthplace or bloodline and, ultimately, his achievements may be restricted by them.
他的选人标准受到球员是否豪门出生的被限制，而最终，卡佩罗带队的成绩也将因此受到影响。
be restricted:被限制
Toxic metals like lead can accumulate in our bones over the course of our lives and, if bone loss occurs, the toxins can be released into the bloodstream.
在我们的生活中，像重金属铅都是沉积在我们的骨骼中，一旦发生骨质流失，这种毒素被释放到血液中去。
be released:被释放
Blood transfusion and / or blood products such as platelets may be needed depending on your condition.
可能被需要输血和/或血液制品，比如血小板，这根据你的条件决定。
be needed:被需要
It has high blotter scale factor and high blotter efficiency. Moreover, it could be used repeatedly, thus the secondary pollution would be avoided.
其吸油倍率和吸油效率高、同时树脂能够重复被使用，避免了二次污染，且成本低廉。
be used:被使用
They are different from other unmanned aerial vehicles in that they can only be used once – they are fired, they fly to the target and blow up. End of missile.
战斧巡航导弹与其它无人驾驶飞行器的区别在于只能一次性被使用——发射后飞至目标处爆炸，导弹寿终正寝。
be used:被使用
LED Blub tube is non -waterproof, should not be used to serious damp environment.
灯泡为不防水结搆，请勿在户外暴露被使用或空气严重潮湿的场所被使用。
be used:被使用
Once the initial OAGIS BOD can be read or produced, much of the code can then be used to read or produce the next message.
一旦可以读取或生成最初的OAGISBOD，那么可以被使用大部分代码来读取或生成下一条消息。
be used:被使用
But we need to be reminded that every member of the Body of Christ is needed -- including you!
但是我们必须被提醒自己，基督的身体需要在其中的每一个成员---包括你！
be reminded:被提醒
China" s modernization demands that the culture of English- speaking countries should be permeated in English teaching. Therefore, the teaching of culture- related body language must be involved ."
提高学生的外语交际能力要求在英语教学中加强英语国家文化的被渗透，其中包括英语体态语的教学。
be permeated:被渗透
It is inferred that if stocking greater density of Nile tilapia, the eutrophication process of natural water body under greater nutrient loading will be speeded up.
根据微型生态系统的实验结果推断，放养较大密度的罗非鱼，将会被加速营养物负荷较高的天然水域富营养化的进程。
be speeded:被加速
Yvo de Boer, the executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and boss of the conference, wept, and had to be helped off - stage.
《联合国气候变化框架公约》的执行秘书和本次会议的主持伊夫·德·波尔哭了，在别人的被帮助下才离开了讲台。
be helped:被帮助
Conclusion: Compared with steam distillation, SDE reserved more low boiling - point components, but its damage to some effective components in Atractylodes chinensis should be studied further.
结论：与水蒸气蒸馏法比较，同时蒸馏提取法挥发油保留了更多低沸点成分，但对一些有效成分可能破坏的情况有待进一步被研究。
be studied:被研究
The valve can be installed in horizontal or vertical. Add seal cushion between two flanges connection and screw down bolt.
本阀可水平或垂直被安装，被安装时两法兰联接中间必须加密封垫片，然后均匀锁紧螺栓。
be installed:被安装
Many hands toppled Libya ’s bombastic colonel. Even more will be needed to clean up after him.
推翻利比亚好好战的上校许多人手，但是在他之后进行清理则被需要更多的人手。
be needed:被需要
It is revealed in this study that the multiplex PCR, specific, sensitive, rapid, can be applied to routine test of imported fish meal, meat and bone meal.
本研究表明，复合PCR是一种特异、敏感、快速的沙门菌检测方法，可被应用于口岸系统鱼粉、肉骨粉的日常检测。
be applied:被应用
Should fireworks be banned or is it important that we are allowed to celebrate bonfire night in traditional fashion?
是应该被禁止放焰火呢，还是允许以传统方式庆祝篝火之夜重要呢？
be banned:被禁止
Perhaps I am slightly bonkers but I am excited about Song and Denilson and I would be disappointed if Wenger succumbed to any pressure to buy a defensive midfield player because he has two already.
也许我稍微疯狂，但我很高兴为宋和德尼尔森，我也会感到很被失望，如果温格屈服于任何买防守型中场球员压力，因为他有两个了。
be disappointed:被失望
Panzer Elite infantry can be ordered to booby trap any strategic point in the game.
装甲精英的步兵将能执行在地图上任何建筑内部放置致命的伪雷的被命令。
be ordered:被命令
The invention relates to a double-purpose book end used on desks by students, which not only can erect books but also can be utilized as a stable support for the design of a low-voltage reading lamp.
本发明涉及一种学生用在课桌上既能竖立书本又能被利用书立稳定的支架设计一低压台灯的两用书立。
be utilized:被利用
Up -to- date, every time transient bookstall, the magazine that always should read oneself to be interested in the past arrived.
直到现在，每次路过书摊，总要过去看看自己被感兴趣的杂志是不是到了。
be interested:被感兴趣
Crane can be designed with E- motor driven or diesel driven. Both box boom and pedestal boom can be available.
吊机可按客户要求，被设计为由电动机或由柴油机驱动，吊臂可被设计成箱型或桁架式结构。
be designed:被设计
For this step, each node must be booted using the PXE network boot option in the BIOS.
对于这个步骤，每个节点都必须在BIOS中使用PXE网络被启动选项来被启动。
be booted:被启动
The booth should be managed by one person who has that expertise and/ or authority, and that person should be accessible at all times.
被管理展台的那个人应该是专家或权威，并且这个人要随时有空解答客户的疑问。
be managed:被管理
A good pirate captain had to know the astronomy to navigate by the stars. He had to be acquainted with meteorology and know enough fluid dynamics to make sure he didn’t overload his ship with booty.
一名优秀的海盗船长必须了解天文学，通过星相来导航，还必须被熟知气象学，对流体动力学也要十分了解，这样他才不会给船上装载过量的战利品。
be acquainted:被熟知
“We’re not going to be frustrated ,” said Boozer, who had 20 points and 12 rebounds.
得到20分和12个篮板的布泽尔说：“我们不会感到被沮丧。
be frustrated:被沮丧
The boundary mediator pattern extends the service connection pattern by enabling standard mediations to be applied to all incoming (and / or outgoing) service requests or messages.
边界中介器模式对服务连接模式进行扩展，允许将标准中介被应用到所有传入（和/或传出）服务请求或消息。
be applied:被应用
Different strains of TB collected from wildlife, cattle and people will be analysed to determine the rate of animal to human transmission of bovine TB.
他们将被分析从野生动物、牛和人身上收集到的不同类型的结核病菌株，从而确定牛结核病从动物到人的传染率。
be analysed:被分析
This example has a text box in which the user can type the file name for example purposes, but the file name could just as easily be supplied in the query string.
为了进行演示，这个示例使用了一个可供用户键入文件名的文本框，但是可以在查询字符串中轻松地被提供文件名。
be supplied:被提供
Bag gloves are essential youth boxing gear and can be sized for junior boxers by checking how easily a hand rotates in the glove.
袋青年拳击手套是必不可少的装备，可以通过检查如何轻松地一只手在手套被大小的旋转少年拳击手。
be sized:被大小
The contract calls for Sperry Marine to produce and deliver eight AN / BPS - 16 (v) 5 radar sets to be installed on eight Virginia -class Block III submarines.
该合同要求斯佩里海事公司生产交付8套AN/BPS-16(v)5雷达系统，被安装在8艘弗吉尼亚级BlockIII潜艇上。
be installed:被安装
By releasing the desires in one's heart, one may be liberated in immortality, reaching Brahman.
释放的欲望在一个人的心，一个可能是被解放不死，达到婆罗门。
be liberated:被解放
There is ongoing research into whether cognitive and executivefunctions can be restored in those with brain damage from traumaticbrain injuries or schizophrenia.
有一项关于是否认知和执行功能可以在脑损伤或精神分裂的毁坏中被恢复的研究正在进行。
be restored:被恢复
Anybody who watches three games of football in a row should be declared brain dead.
任何连看三场足球赛的人都可以被宣布脑死亡。
be declared:被宣布
When we allow ourselves to be branded with these types of corporate terms, we’ve given in to the consumerist mindset.
当我们允许我们自己变成一个被品牌公司的团队时，我们就获得了这种消费主义心态。
be branded:被品牌
It may be easy to sneer at the brash commercialism of Valentines day - especially when you will be bombarded with cheap adverts for the preceding two weeks, but don't.
虽然鄙视那些自以为是的情人节广告会比较容易，特别是那种被轰炸时间连续长达两周的廉价广告，没有必要啦。
be bombarded:被轰炸
The damned little brat must be protected against her own idiocy, one says to one’s self at such times.
在这种时候，谁都会叮咛自己，无论这个可恶的小鬼做出任何愚蠢的举动，也要违背她的意愿来被保护她。
be protected:被保护
This way, the EJB itself can be used remotely by other clients without major breakage to existing business logic.
通过这种方式，其他的客户端可以远程地被使用EJB本身，而不会破坏现有的业务逻辑。
be used:被使用
When mankind invented musical scores, music started to break away from the boundaries of being merely a performing art, and develop into a system of “written symbols” that can be recorded and spread.
当人类发明了乐谱后，音乐便开始脱离表演，演变成“文字”得以被记录和传播。
be recorded:被记录
Glass is obviously a wiser choice for the planet as it can easily be recycled and does not take hundreds of years to break down like plastic.
显而易见，使用玻璃对地球来说是最明智的选择。因为玻璃很容易就能被回收利用，而不是像塑料那样要上百年才能分解。
be recycled:被回收
Bone, who owns Exact Words with her husband, said a child adopted from a foreign country might bring along school records and other papers that need to be translated for use in America.
波恩和她的丈夫是ExactWords的所有者，她说一个从外国收养的小孩可能带来需要被翻译的学校记录和文件以在美国使用。
be translated:被翻译
But if there are big players in categories, eventually they will be interested and probably buy up you know, independent offers all round today.
但是我们有不同领域的实力竞争者，他们可能也会对这被感兴趣,它们可能会买断,今天独立收购比比皆是。
be interested:被感兴趣
However these ba ck- up copies may not be provided to other persons by any means.
但这些备份复制品不得通过任何方式被提供给他人使用。
be provided:被提供
We know our security, our values and our interests cannot be protected and advanced by force alone, nor indeed, by Americans alone, Clinton said.
她说：“我们知道，单靠武力或单靠美国自己的力量是不能被保护和推进我们的安全、价值观和利益的。
be protected:被保护
The cost is that both machines must be configured to handle double the workload, although under normal operation this capacity is used only by half.
其代价就是必须将两台机器都被配置为处理双倍工作负载，尽管在常规操作下，仅仅使用了一半容量。
be configured:被配置
According to published results, AIDS fatalities could be reduced by half between the years 2008 and 2050 with limited instances of HIV infections.
研究结果还表明，随着HIV病毒感染的有效控制，在2008年到2050年间，艾滋病致死的情况会被减少一半。
be reduced:被减少
In case of an equality of supporting votes, it shall be decided by lot.
如果在一个平等的投票支持，应通过抽签被决定。
be decided:被决定
Canners can can what they can can but can not can things can't be canned 。
被罐头工人能够把他们能做成被罐头的东西制成被罐头，但是不能把无法制成被罐头的东西制成被罐头。
be canned:被罐头
FGM is a practice steeped in culture and tradition but it should not be allowed to carry on.
女性生殖器切割是一种浸透于文化与传统中的习俗，但不应当再被允许它继续下去。
be allowed:被允许
With anything new, this process will need guidance and practice however, you will be amazed at how quickly they catch on and how engrossed in their homework they will be.
无论什么新的内容，您将很被惊奇地发现他们多么快地掌握和全神贯注于他们的功课。但是这个过程仍然需要指导和练习。
be amazed:被惊奇
The retailer and/ or the refund company may make a charge to cover the cost of handling your form. If they do, this will be deducted from your refund before you receive it.
税款一般不会全部的退还，商家或者退税公司会收取一定的手续费，这部分手续费将从你的税款中被扣除。
be deducted:被扣除
Real advances in developing a deep understanding of concurrent computing will necessarily come through graduate study and advanced undergraduate courses that will only be offered infrequently.
发展并行计算的深入理解的真正优势将必要地通过研究生的研究，以及只是偶尔被提供的高级的本科生课程。
be offered:被提供
The ECB has pledged to keep liquidity flowing to euro zone banks that need it, and Trichet said Portuguese debt would be accepted by the ECB as collateral for now, come what may.
欧洲央行承诺将继续向有需要的欧元区银行提供流动性,特里谢表示,无论如何,目前欧洲央行都将被接受将葡萄牙债券作为抵押品.
be accepted:被接受
Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to confer, nor shall it be construed to confer, any right upon any person or entity not a Party or successor to a Party to this Agreement.
本协议的任何内容无意或不应被解释为授予协议双方或其继任者以外任何人或实体任何权利。
be construed:被解释
Because even if the soul is invisible, 5 if, nonetheless, contrary to what Socrates was claiming, invisible things can be destroyed, then maybe the invisible soul can be destroyed as well.
因为即使灵魂是无形的5,像第五点所说的那样,但是和苏格拉底的观点相反的是，无形的东西可以被毁灭，那无形的灵魂,也许同样可以被毁灭。
be destroyed:被毁灭
Now, look through these lists and decide on the items that have to be replicated at the disaster recovery site.
现在，研究这些列表，决定在灾难恢复站点上必须被复制什么东西。
be replicated:被复制
Whether or not the connection should be used is dependent upon the verification result and security considerations.
是否应该被使用连接取决于验证结果和安全方面的考虑。
be used:被使用
The stakes are high: These children often have to be hospitalized to get better, and some even die from the disease.
赌注高:这些孩子们常常需要被住院治疗变得更好,有的甚至死于这种疾病。
be hospitalized:被住院
But taking care of your body needn't mean turning into Brad Pitt - although many women would be disappointed about that.
但是，在意自己的外形并不代表要变成布拉德·皮特--尽管很多女性会对此被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
I am sure you will not be disappointed about these body painting pictures.
我敢肯定你看了之后绝对不会被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
As long as you know that before you purchase it there's nothing to be disappointed about.
只要你知道你购买它之前，有什么可被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
However, I suspect many will be disappointed at quite how keenly he talked down the importance of electoral reform in some parts of the interview.
但是，很多人也会对他在采访中极力强调选举的重要性，想要说服大家感到很被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
They might be disappointed at you for a little time, but they will get over it eventually.
他们也许短暂地对你感到被失望，可是最终会改变…
be disappointed:被失望
It may be that your daughter didn't tell you because she thought you would be disappointed in her.
还有一种可能是你女儿没有告诉你是因为她觉得这会让你被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
My parents will be disappointed in (with) me if I fail the examination.
如果我这次考试失败，我父母将会对我被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
You may find them too slow or soft for your tastes and be disappointed in the real thing.
对你的喜好而言，你可能发觉它们太缓慢或者柔软，然后在真枪实弹中被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
With the voice of Mitch Pileggi (X Files) detailing the intricacies of each stunt, viewers will surely not be disappointed with the fascinating plethora of magic tricks their eyes can feast upon.
随着米奇·皮莱基（《X档案》演员）的配音，详细说明每个惊人表演的纷繁难懂之处，能够亲眼饱览魔术诀窍的引人入胜的附带解密，观众一定不会被失望。
be disappointed:被失望
I'd love to be in and out in five minutes, but you'd be disappointed with that, I'm sure.
我倒希望一进一出五分钟就能搞好，不过我敢说，这样您会被失望的。
be disappointed:被失望
But if it does so, it will now be tough to argue that gay sex should be banned because many Indians disapprove of it.
但是如果最高法院维持这样的裁决，现在就会很难决定应该被禁止同性性行为仅仅因为许多印度人持反对意见。
be banned:被禁止
Studies the geography in me time, that place walks arm in arm Alps's be called "Milan" the city I forever am unable to dismiss from mind.
在我学地理的时候，那座依偎着阿尔卑斯山的被叫做“米兰”的城市我永远无法忘怀。
be called:被叫
The results develop the theory of thermal drag in duct flow and it is of practical value to be applied to engineering thermophysics.
研究成果进一步发展了热阻力理论体系，对隧道火灾及其它相关工程热物理问题的研究与被应用都具有重要价值。
be applied:被应用
With the recession expected to drag on through much of this year, more damage will be inflicted on both companies and workers.
随着预期在今年衰退将拖延更长时间，将对公司和员工这两方面被造成更多的损害。
be inflicted:被造成
The inlet pipe penetration into the vessel, the pressure drop across any block valves used. upstream of the venting device, and the inlet piping must be considered when determining these losses.
对与容器连通的进口管，要使用其通过阻断阀时的压力降。在确定这些压损时，必须要被考虑进口管线和放空装置的上游线路。
be considered:被考虑
The secondary "moat" around soy basin would be used for ginger, and the raised hard edge slopes inward in order to assure user's experience does not end up off the plate.
在酱料盆周围比较低的地方是用来放姜的，向内的凸起的边线是为了确保被使用者在食用时不会使盘中的东西掉出来。
be used:被使用
The textile quota should be cancelled to facilitate local textile and apparel enterprises to enter the up -scale markets of Europe and America.
抓住被取消配额机遇，支持纺织服装企业开拓欧美高端市场。
be cancelled:被取消
When working with a discrete partition, for instance, you can't perform a rename refactoring without being able to check out and modify every other partition that needs to be updated by the action.
举例来说，当处理一个离散的划分时，您就不能在没有核对和修改需要该操作来被更新的每一个其他划分的情况下执行一个重命名操作。
be updated:被更新
Once you meet people you connect with, follow up with them. Invite them to things you ’re doing that they might be interested in.
一旦你遇见要联系的人，邀请他们一起加入你正在做的事，也许他们对此被感兴趣。
be interested:被感兴趣
In one case, the "taxonomy of record" for certain subsets of the overall enterprise taxonomy might be managed in another system.
在这种情况下，整个企业分类法的某些子集的 “分类法记录”可能在另一个系统中进行被管理。
be managed:被管理
National guarantees for the fund cannot be increased much for fear of endangering the rating of France and others.
因为担心危及法国等其他国家的信用评级，所以对该基金的国家担保不能被增加太多。
be increased:被增加
Fortunately, you won't necessarily have to fork out $2000 to be guaranteed an early system.
所幸的是，你会不一定要交岔路口出2000美元，以被保证尽早制度。
be guaranteed:被保证
We often forget that fashion should be designed for real people who live real lives.
我们经常忘记时尚产品应该是给活在现实世界中的人被设计的。
be designed:被设计
If the moderate end of the legal community has its way, the information on products might actually be provided for the benefit of customers and not as protection against legal liability.
如果该法律团体的这一适中的目的能够实现，产品上被提供的警示信息实际上是用来保护消费者利益的，而不是为了避免公司承担法律责任的。
be provided:被提供
While organizations can be prepared for such crises —and they should have plans in place to deal with them— for the most part, they are unavoidable.
然而企业可以为这些危机做好被准备—他们具备应对危机的全套方案—因为大多数的危机都是不可避免的。
be prepared:被准备
While each story is unique, it functions for the most part as something that can be shared and exchanged with others.
然而每一个故事都是独一无二的，它的功能就是：大部分的东西可以和他人被分享和交换。
be shared:被分享
Don’t define an association for the sake of association; do so only when you need to load them together, which should be decided by your business rules and design (please see Example 5 for details).
不要为了关联而定义关联；只在你需要一起加载它们时才这么做，这应该由你的业务规则和设计来被决定（见范例5）。
be decided:被决定
The AIM Research Group's Pointing Magnifier software can be downloaded free from the University of Washington website.
AIM研究小组的指针放大镜软件可以从华盛顿大学网站上免费被下载。
be downloaded:被下载
The AIM Research Group ’s Pointing Magnifier software can be downloaded free from the University of Washington website.
AIM研究小组的指针放大器软件可以在华盛顿大学的网站上免费被下载。
be downloaded:被下载
Any prefixes are stripped from the left side of directory names so that data from nightly build areas can be compared even though the root directory of the builds varies from day to day.
所有的前缀都从目录名的左边获得，这样就可以被比较来自构建区域的数据，甚至构建的根目录每天都会变化时也是这样。
be compared:被比较
I personally do not believe that everyone has the right mindset, passion, discipline and capability to be involved in incubation all the time, context switching from day to day business goals.
我个人并不相信每个人都有合适的心态、激情、素质和能力全天候的被参与孵化项目，并随时与日常的业务目标相互切换。
be involved:被参与
China does not seek personal gain on the Libyan issue and believes the Libyan issue is at the bottom Libya's internal affair and the future of Libya should be decided by the Libyan people themselves.
中方在利问题上不谋私利，认为利问题归根结底是利内政，利的未来应由利人民自主作出被决定。
be decided:被决定
The bad news, from the managers’ point of view, is that with debt harder to get hold of, more of this capital will have to be invested in the form of equity.
随着获得债务愈来愈难，更多的资本将不得不以股票的形式进行被投资。以经理人的立场来看，这不是个好消息。
be invested:被投资
As you do one call after one another you will get into the rhythm of it and every call will feel easier and be completed faster.
当你一次又一次的拨出电话你将会进入一种节奏，每次打完你将会感觉更轻松同时更快的去被完成剩余的工作.
be completed:被完成
Create a ritual to transition from one to the other in the morning so you ’ll be prepared mentally to get to work.
制定一个仪式在早上去从一种状态过渡到另一种状态，这样你就会在精神上有被准备的开始工作。
be prepared:被准备
The Home Office is now exploring how the craft can be used to give back -up to police, ambulance and fire services.
现在，英国内政部正在研究如何把这种飞机归还给警方、救护和消防系统被使用。
be used:被使用
Apple is suing Proview and asking that Proview be forced to hand over the trademark in China to IP Application Development.
苹果正在起诉唯冠，同时被强迫唯冠移交其在中国时出售给IP应用开发公司的商标。
be forced:被强迫
The dedicated hang -off line must be inspected prior to operation.
开始作业前，必须被检查专用的悬吊绳。
be inspected:被检查
Foreign private businessmen in particular shall not be allowed to have a hand in this line of business.
尤其不应被允许外国私商来我国插手经营此项业务。
be allowed:被允许
While there is no lifespan for the key binding information used by XKMS, the credentials issued by the underlying PKI occasionally do have a time span that must be renewed periodically.
虽然XKMS使用的密钥绑定信息没有寿命，但是底层PKI颁发的凭证偶尔也会有这么一段时间，过了这段时间之后就要周期性地被更新。
be renewed:被更新
For example, most data warehouses have a time dimension, but this almost always must be created independently.
例如，大多数数据仓库都有时间维度，但是这几乎总是需要单独被创建。
be created:被创建
xsane can be installed using the xsanepackage. As of Lucid, it appears you'll have to look for it in the universe repositories.
Xsane可以通过xsane包来被安装，但从Ubuntu 10.04Lucid Lynx开始，看起来你需要先在universe仓库中查找它。
be installed:被安装
With your notebook open, write down all the thoughts that come to you. These thoughts do not have to be planned out or organized. They are for no one's eyes but your own — unless you choose otherwise.
打开笔记簿，写下你的想法，这些想法不必经过被计划和安排，除了你自己，没有人会看——除非你选择与人分享。
be planned:被计划
Look in your own pantry, and you'll probably be surprised to discover just how many herbs you already have on hand.
再看一看您自己的厨房，您大概会被惊奇地发现您手头上已有多少种“草本”。
be surprised:被惊奇
Let me know if you find any interesting news stories you think should be shared with others here. I ’d love to hear from you.
如果你发现任何有趣的新闻故事，你觉得可以和别人在此被分享都可以告诉我，我非常乐意读一读来自你的文章。
be shared:被分享
While you ' ll want to hear out the views of your team members, when decision time comes, you have to be prepared to make -- or force -- a decision.
你需要倾听团队成员意见，但是如果需要做出决策，你就应当做好最好被准备，哪怕是强行决定。
be prepared:被准备
It means there would be limited design options. Still, it ’s a free website, and I ’m offering my help up for free.
这也意味着只有被有限的设计选择，尽管如此，这仍然是个免费的网站，而我提供的服务也是免费的。
be limited:被有限
Some might say that this balance of 10% life circumstances to 40% everyday activities means that to be happy, long-term plans and goals should be ignored in favour of the here and now.
也许有人会说，经过对作用于幸福的10%生活环境和40%日常活动的轻重权衡，主张“此时此地”的生活态度而被忽略长期的计划和目标便理所当然了。
be ignored:被忽略
The code in Listing 6 reflects one other rather subtle interface quirk; the menu count must be cached in advance.
清单6 中的代码反映了另外一个相当微妙的界面怪事；菜单数必须提前被缓存起来。
be cached:被缓存
This means that they are schema - free; no strict schema needs to be defined in advance of actually using the database.
这意味着它们是与模式无关的；不需要在实际使用数据库之前被定义严格的模式。
be defined:被定义
I trust when Parliament meets again this part of my task will be completed and that the administration will be complete in all respects.
我相信当国会议员再相聚的时候，我这部分的任务将被完成，有关行政机构的更方面工作也会被完成。
be completed:被完成
Error messages should be displayed in a manner that is obvious to the user (for example, through "pop-up" windows).
错误消息应以用户显而易见（例如，通过 “弹出”窗口）的方式被显示。
be displayed:被显示
With the world financial crisis, innovative financing options now need to be developed to allow money to continue to flow in in a manner that builds sustainable systems.
由于世界经济危机，现在需要被发展（一套）创新的融资方式，应建立一种可持续的系统并以这样的方式让资金继续流入。
be developed:被发展
An enterprise needs a sophisticated tool to model the business processes in a manner that is not so esoteric and hard to use that it can be only be used by the IT staff.
企业需要成熟的工具来建立业务流程的模型，而且建模的方式不能过于深奥和困难，以致于只有IT人员才能被使用。
be used:被使用
The researchers found that if they stretched out the substance in a second direction perpendicular to the first, it could then be stretched in any direction without harm.
研究人员发现，如果向着第一次拉伸的垂直方向拉扯，它仍然能够向着任何方向毫无损害地任意被伸展。
be stretched:被伸展
This module should be used as optional in case of session module.
在被使用会话模块的情况下，应将这个模块用作可选模块。
be used:被使用
If the web service of the type specified in condition 4, then this type of WSDL cannot be allowed to import in the WID itself.
如果使用条件4中指定的Web服务类型，那么这种类型的WSDL不被允许导入WID本身。
be allowed:被允许
The sign shall be used in conformity with the relevant provisions of the Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols.
其被使用办法，依照日内瓦公约及其附加议定书的有关规定执行。
be used:被使用
The free heap after collection metric can also be used in conjunction with the heap size to calculate the working set of memory (or "footprint ") being used by the server and application.
收集后的空闲堆指标还可以与堆大小结合，共同计算服务器和应用程序所被使用的内存工作集（或 “内存占用”）。
be used:被使用
Replication can be used in conjunction with either centralized or decentralized approaches.
复制可以与集中式或分散式方法共同被使用。
be used:被使用
Thus EOMC Course- book manuals are not intended to be used alone, but are rather intended for used as an additional educational aid in conjunction with their corresponding audio -video workshop program.
因此并不希望人们将EOMC教学手册拿来单独被使用，而是宁可希望连同对应的音视频研讨会资料一起作为额外的教学辅助。
be used:被使用
This tool can be used to analyze (offline) these dumps obtained manually or produced in conjunction with lightweight memory leak detection.
此工具可用于分析（脱机）手动获取或结合被使用轻量级内存泄漏检测生成的这些转储。
be used:被使用
They should also be used in conjunction with the WHO official logo.
该标识与标语应和世界卫生组织的官方徽标同时被使用。
be used:被使用
The [remote] service strategy can be used independently or in conjunction with the other two main patterns.
服务策略可以单独被使用，也可以与其他两个主要的模式一起被使用。
be used:被使用
It should be considered in conjunction with current managerial reforms across the Organization.
应结合目前全组织上下的管理改革被考虑这一问题。
be considered:被考虑
The PIER devices will be used in connection with the Defense Department ’s Biometrics Automated Toolset system.
PIER设备将与美国国防部的生物测定自动工具集系统连接被使用。
be used:被使用
Since each stage is independent of other stages, they can and should be managed separately.
由于每个阶段都是独立于其它阶段的，它们能够并且应该可以分别被管理。
be managed:被管理
To his point that tort law would not be needed in general equilibrium, I would add that torts themselves could not be committed in such a situation.
他的观点是，在一般均衡的情景下将不被需要侵权法。我想补充一点，在这样的情景下连侵权行为都不可能发生。
be needed:被需要
However, I would be interested on reading your input in general on this topic.
然而，我被感兴趣的是你们关于这个话题的一般想法。
be interested:被感兴趣
It should be emphasized that the laser is in no sense an energy source.
应当被强调指出，激光器并不是一个能源。
be emphasized:被强调
This product, in particular, pursues a social responsibility as a design product. A portion of the profits from selling product will be donated to an animal preservation group.
尤其要提到的是，这项设计充分体现了设计者的社会责任感，这款产品销售利润中的一部分将会被捐赠给一家动物保护组织。
be donated:被捐赠
This should be remembered when talking on the phone or discussing confidential client information in person.
打电话或者与人谈论机密性质的客户信息时要格外被记住这一点。
be remembered:被记住
These services are meant to be used by other internal customers (an internal customer is assumed to be in possession of a user account in the user registry).
这些服务将由其他内部客户被使用（假定内部客户拥有用户注册中心的用户帐户）。
be used:被使用
Normally, if I have any bright ideas about how this newspaper could be managed better, I propose them in private.
正常情况下，如果我对于如何改善这份报纸的被管理有什么好主意，都会私下里提出。
be managed:被管理
If a block order is partially filled, the order will be allocated among the accounts specified on the trade ticket on a pro rata basis in proportion to the intended allocation.
如果一批订单部分进入系统，则订单必须在按比例被分配的基础上根据被分配计划的比例在交易票证所规定的账户中进行被分配。
be allocated:被分配
The profits and losses of the equity joint venture shall be shared by the parties in proportion to their contributions of the registered capital.
合资企业各方应按其出资额在注册资本中的比例被分享利润及亏损。
be shared:被分享
These power units can be mounted on the tractor or placed on the ground in proximity to fixed operations.
可将这些元件被安装在牵引车上或固定在地面上进行操作。
be mounted:被安装
Beginning May 5 in the court room in Brooklyn, we ’ll see another skirmish in what’s likely to be a long war over how fMRI machines should be deployed in pursuit of justice.
布鲁克林法院于纽约时间5月5日开庭，我们会看到另一次交锋，这次交锋可能只是关于在追求公正的道路上如何被部署功能磁共振机器的长期争论中的一次。
be deployed:被部署
At this moment, I can be clicked in spite of oneself examine.
这时，我就会不由自主地去被点击查看。
be clicked:被点击
And why should anyone be interested in listening to our cough?
凭什么会有人被感兴趣来听我们的咳嗽呢？
be interested:被感兴趣
It also enables a single one- phase capable resource manager to be used within a transaction in the absence of any other transactional resource managers.
在缺乏其它任何事务资源管理器的事务内部，它也允许被使用具有单一的单阶段能力的资源管理器。
be used:被使用
If it is true that a use case should also be used in the absence of user interaction (and we have good experiences in doing so), then how can you apply the concept of a transaction as a round trip?
如果用例被使用在缺乏用户交流的情况之下（在这方面我们有较好的经验），那么您怎样将业务的概念转化成一个环形路线。
be used:被使用
If the images needs to be read off the video card only to be copied back to the video card in another process, it is usually not worthwhile using accelerated rendering in the first place.
如果从图形卡中读取图像数据仅仅是为了在另一个进程中把这些数据被复制回图形卡中，使用加速的渲染通常首先就是不值得的。
be copied:被复制
Identify new operations - Business process flows or any micro flows are to be analyzed in the light of business errors that individual services in a process flow could throw.
标识新操作——业务流程（长流程）或者任何微流程（短流程）都需要根据各自服务在其流程中可能抛出的业务错误来加以被分析。
be analyzed:被分析
In the twinkling of an eye the seas shall rise up, and the arena of the winds shall be opened once again.
在闪耀的眼睛里，海洋会升起，风的竞技场会再一次被打开。
be opened:被打开
It can be critical to skip or jump over an activity that initialized correlation sets, because the correlation sets can be used by other activities.
跳过或忽略启动相关集的活动可能至关重要，这是因为相关集可能由其他活动被使用。
be used:被使用
It just so happens that to get better at it you have to be prepared to make some bad decisions.
这些意外常发生在你学会做出好决定之前，所以你必须有会做出坏决定的被准备。
be prepared:被准备
However, as you read, please keep in mind that the concepts and methods we propose can be embedded into any iterative application development process.
然而，如您读到的，记住我们所提议的概念和方法可以被嵌入到任何迭代应用程序开发过程中。
be embedded:被嵌入
I would also urge our leaders to keep in mind that we should expect to be involved in Iraq for years to come, although in changing and increasingly limited ways.
我还要提醒我们的领导人，我们在今后几年里还会继续被参与伊拉克事务，尽管将会以不断变化、而且是日益有限的方式来被参与。
be involved:被参与
America must keep out of this war. The President and the Congress should be supported in their every effort to keep us out.
美国应该置身战争之外，总统和国会为此所做的一切努力都应得到被支持，美国可以置身战争之外，只要全国人民意志坚定。
be supported:被支持
Depending on trace volume, buffer size, and the bandwidth of the output device, multiple buffers might be allocated to a given thread to keep pace with trace data that is being generated.
根据跟踪量、缓冲区大小和输出设备的带宽，可以将多个缓冲区被分配给给定的线程，从而与生成跟踪数据的速度相匹配。
be allocated:被分配
To help keep track of the amount of work still open until the story is completed, Time Remaining should be recorded for each task that people worked on each day.
为了帮助追踪直到事例完成时仍然未尽的工作量，应该在每一天为每一项任务重新被记录剩余的时间。
be recorded:被记录
Yet it can't be denied that drink and'armchair football' do often go together: there is always an excuse to knock back one more drink, either in celebration or commiseration.
但也不可被否认，饮酒与看球赛常常走到一起：总有理由再喝一杯，不管是为了庆贺胜利还是出于对失利的同情。
be denied:被否认
The message is clear, East is Best, and what the ads lack in subtlety, they seem to make up for in impact and have to be considered when looking at Baidu vs. Google factors.
这传达出来的信息非常明显，中国的就是最好的，而广告宣传的差别则很微妙，在研究百度和谷歌的时候实际上需要将这些被考虑进来。
be considered:被考虑
She said girls outperforming boys in communication and creativity was of particular concern and boys should be encouraged to develop these skills so they did not lag behind in school or later life.
她说，值得特别关注的是女孩在交流和创造力方面的表现要优于男孩。因此，我们应该被鼓励男孩提高这些技能，这样他们在学校或日后生活中才不会落后。
be encouraged:被鼓励
As you can imagine, telling my insurance - scam friend that he should be ashamed to infringe the law, let alone asking anybody else ’s help to do it, was not going to do wonders for our friendship!
就像你想象的那样，跟我讨论保险欺诈的那个朋友理应为触犯法律而感到被羞愧，更不要说去请求他人在这件事情上的帮助了，这对我们的友谊不会有丝毫的帮助。
be ashamed:被羞愧
And if you thrive on the prestige that comes with your job, be prepared for that to level off as well.
而且如果你喜欢工作所带来的名誉，那么也要对它停止变化做好被准备。
be prepared:被准备
I bring this up only because the focus here is on the metrics to be monitored and what you should look for, not how to configure your environment to capture the metrics themselves.
提出这个要求是因为本文的重点是要被监视的指标和应该寻找什么信息，而不是如何通过配置环境捕捉指标本身。
be monitored:被监视
My informant said she could only put him off by pledging her word of honour to be prepared on their first meeting after that: when it was to be, he didn't hear; but you urge Mr Linton to look sharp!'
他强迫她不要再进去，干脆骑上他的马跟他一块走就得啦！ 据向我报告的人说她保证被准备一下，等下次再见面就走，这才算挡开了他，至于下次是哪天，他没听见，可是你要劝林惇先生提防着点！
be prepared:被准备
Libyans made do with evaporated and condensed milk until the markets opened in the late 1990s, and high- quality shelf -stable milk could be imported from Saudi Arabia and Egypt.
这样直到上世纪90年代市场开放之后，利比亚人才能制作脱水牛奶和炼乳，而高质量的方便保存的牛奶才能从沙特和埃及被进口过来。
be imported:被进口
Most translators make a point of editing their own work, even if it is to be edited later by someone else, which is very good practice.
多数译者都特别注重对自己译作的被编辑，即使日后由别人被编辑也是如此，这是非常好的做法。
be edited:被编辑
Change management is a critical task that should be managed with as much information as possible to help the staff make good decisions.
更改被管理是一项关键任务，应该使用尽可能多的信息来进行被管理，以帮助员工做出好的决定。
be managed:被管理
"God be praised ," replied the poor wife joyfully;" they are my brothers; I will make them a sign, as well as I can, for them to make haste ."
“被赞美上帝”，可怜的老婆高兴的说；“他们是我的哥哥们；我要尽可能地给他们做个标记，让他们快点。”
be praised:被赞美
Whatever the degree of carelessness by BP, they will be fined billions of dollars as various cases brought by injured parties make their way through the courts.
随着由受害方引起的各种案件进入法院审理，不论英国石油公司的疏忽达到什么程度，都会受到数亿美元的被罚款。
be fined:被罚款
Since we make use of these template changes to provide functionality to the user, no Client code has to be installed on the user work stations.
因为我们使用这些模板修改向用户提供功能，所以在用户工作站上不需要被安装客户机代码。
be installed:被安装
You can mark up every route definition in the application's routing table with an output_type attribute, which specifies the output type to be used for that particular route. Here's an example
您可以被使用一个 output_type属性标记每个路由定义，该属性指定某个特定的路由将被使用的输出类型。
be used:被使用
An Ajax application uses HTML to build Web forms, while DHTML is used to mark up the HTML so your forms can be updated dynamically.
Ajax应用程序使用HTML构建Web表单、使用DHTML标记HTML以动态被更新表单。
be updated:被更新
Charlier is an archaeologist and forensic pathologist at the University of Paris; the face in his hands may as well be contorted in a grimace.
查理尔是巴黎大学的考古学家和法医病理学家；现在在他手中的这块骨头形状被扭曲就好像在做鬼脸。
be contorted:被扭曲
Mind you, it's not that I think we couldn't be stimulated to get pleasure forever.
提醒你们，我并非否定,永远依靠被刺激获得快感。
be stimulated:被刺激
The number of supporting elements that Bob uses to fill out the customer vacation form is more than can be included in a useable way on a single page.
Bob用于填写客户假日表单的支持元素的数量超过能够在单个页面上以可用方式被包括的数量。
be included:被包括
Nevertheless, you should always be prepared for the day you have to move on.
但是，你应该随时做好被准备，也许有一天你必须离开。
be prepared:被准备
Scientists, historians and the like need to muck around in libraries and laboratories to achieve their results, but concepts can be analysed in the armchair.
科学家和历史学家必须扎进实验室和图书馆去扒拉一番才有可能得到他们的工作结果，而概念被分析是躺在靠背椅上就可以进行的。
be analysed:被分析
However, those who muddle along and do not have the least pressure will be tipped over by the storms in life just like a ship without any cargo in the stormy weather at sea.
被而被那被些被得被过被且被过被，被没被有被一被点被压被力被，被做被一被天被和被尚被撞被一被天被钟被的被人被，被像被风被暴被中被没被有被载被货被的被船被，被往被往被一被场被人被生被的被狂被风被巨被浪被便被会被把被他被们被打被翻被。被
be tipped:被
Although Maori women were also tattooed on their faces, the markings tended to be concentrated around the nose and lips.
毛利妇女同样也在脸上纹身，但主要被集中在鼻子和嘴唇周围。
be concentrated:被集中
This is not just a matter of ideology, but also of necessity if data is to be exchanged between different services and systems.
这不仅是一个思想意识的问题，而且是不可避免的，如果数据是在各式各样的服务和系统之间进行被交换的话。
be exchanged:被交换
These global names should be constructed with sufficient roots and modifiers to identify their domain of use.
应该用充足的词根和修饰语被构造这些全局名称来识别它们的使用域。
be constructed:被构造
The threshold should be defined based on the average value from experience, or the service level agreement.
该阈值应当根据平均体验值或服务水平协议被定义。
be defined:被定义
Drink can be cooled by placing them on ice rather than adding ice to them.
可以把饮料置于冰块之上来被冷却，而不是把冰块加进饮料之中。
be cooled:被冷却
Then, when some interface changes, only that port has to be examined to respond to the change, not everything connected to the component.
然后，有一些界面更改，只有那些更改过的端口才会得到被检查，以响应更改，而不是与构件联系的所有端口。
be examined:被检查
A strict schedule makes it impossible for the tourist to wander off on his own; and anyway, language is always barrier, so he is only too happy to be protected in this way.
严格致密的计划值得旅行者不可能自己一个人到处闲逛;再说，至少语言总是个障碍，所以他对这样被保护非常高兴。
be protected:被保护
While large size is important, type, character, symmetry, movement and ruggedness are of the greatest importance and are on no account to be sacrificed for size alone.
高大的身材十分重要，但类型、品质、匀称性、动作及坚固性也非常重要，没有理由只为身材大小而被牺牲其中任何一项。
be sacrificed:被牺牲
The expansion of the internet means that ideas can be exchanged more fluidly than ever before and that there are fewer bureaucratic barriers to setting up on one's own.
互联网的膨胀使得信息被交换的流动性强过以往的任何时候，同时也使那些政府设下的官僚壁垒小到忽略不计。
be exchanged:被交换
To begin with, one of the more surprising reveals that came out of yesterday's news is that the OS cannot be installed on your own computer.
首先，从昨天的新闻中透露出一个更为令人吃惊的消息是，这个操作系统不能被安装在你自己的电脑上。
be installed:被安装
For people in the United States, disaster experts recommend they be prepared to spend 72 hours on their own in the event of an earthquake, tornado, hurricane, flood, etc.
对美国的民众来讲，灾难专家建议他们应该被准备好在一场地震、龙捲风、飓风、洪水等之后能够凭藉自己的力量度过72小时。
be prepared:被准备
The method can be used in multifold application occasions on the beam forming design and optimization effectively.
结果表明，被使用该方法设计的波束图能满足特殊旁瓣要求和最大阵增益。
be used:被使用
EXAMPLE: My boss is on the warpath because none of his lazy staff has even started the work that needed to be finished yesterday.
我的老板要发作了，因为手下人懒惰，昨天要被完成的工作，到现在还没有一个人开始做。
be finished:被完成
The flaps can be adjusted to maximize lift on the wing ’s lower end, generating a lot of power, and to reduce it up top, generating less heeling, or tipping, force.
通过被调整襟翼，可使翼帆低端的升力达到最高，从而产生大量动力，并减少上端升力，产生较少的侧向力。
be adjusted:被调整
In very busy systems, the need to broadcast the data can also mean that the information is never reported, the data can be out of date, or the system could be reported as down when it is just busy.
在非常繁忙的系统中，对这些数据进行广播的需求可能也就意味着永远无法被报告这些信息，这些数据可能过期，或者在系统繁忙时将其被报告为停机。
be reported:被报告
No one likes to be laughed at. It makes one feel inadequate and out of sorts.
没有人喜欢遭人嘲被笑，这会让人觉得信心不足和离群。
be laughed:被笑
Then we have an iteration plan, execution, and wrap -up which may be repeated over and again depending on the requirement of the project (followed by a post - iteration plan and finally a release).
接下来是迭代计划、执行和结束，根据项目的需求，这些步骤可能会被重复多次。最后是迭代后计划和发布。
be repeated:被重复
Product should be prevented from solarization, drenching, over- heat and impurity entering the package barrel during delivery.
产品在运输过程中应被防止日晒雨淋、温度过高，被防止杂质进入包装桶内；
be prevented:被防止
Anti-corrosion treatments such as paint touch up shall be completed when mechanical damage such as drilling or sawing occurs.
防腐蚀处理，如油漆润色时，应被完成的机械损伤，如钻井或锯发生。
be completed:被完成
The employer may not parcel out to several contractors a construction project which should be completed by one contractor.
发包人不得将应当由一个承包人被完成的建设工程肢解成若干部分发包给几个承包人。
be completed:被完成
Please be reminded to pick up your parcel at the appointed post office within the given deadline. Hope you like the item sincerely.
因此我们被提醒您及时到邮局指定地点领取您的包裹。
be reminded:被提醒
The Socialist Theories with Chinese Characteristics has historical pass down, at the same time it is the open and developing system and need be developed and innovated.
中国特色社会主义理论是具有历史传承性的，同时，又是一个开放、被发展的理论体系，需要不断地被发展与创新。
be developed:被发展
If a packet matches a rule, the packet can be allowed to pass through using target ACCEPT.
如果某个信息包与规则匹配，那么使用目标ACCEPT被允许该信息包通过。
be allowed:被允许
For this reason, Medicare and most insurance companies won't cover the cost of the surgery. So be prepared to pay out - of- pocket for your expenses.
因为这个原因，医疗保险制度和大多数保险公司不会包含这项外科手术的费用，所以被准备为你的费用买单吧。
be prepared:被准备
Results Aortic dissecting aneurysm peel off inner membrane, peel off area, blood stream change can be showed sensitivity by echocardiography.
结果超声能敏感被显示剥离的内膜，剥离的范围及血流改变，并对主动脉夹层动脉瘤进行分型。
be showed:被显示
Using Permit of Automobiles Oscillator must be provided if government, enterprise or institution purchase bus under 19 seats (including 19 seats);
机关、企业、事业单位购买19座（含19座）以下载客汽车的须被提供《定编小汽车指标使用许可证》；
be provided:被提供
Subscribing to play for a maximum of three times with audio, caption, and translation features on could be priced more than copying multimedia onto CDs with the license agreement.
带声音、字幕和译文并且最多可播放三次的订阅服务，其被定价可能会高于根据许可协议将多媒体复制到CD 的情况。
be priced:被定价
They could not expect a carpenter to be trained to the niceties of the law, and it could not be wondered at that he, a conscientious man, determined to plead guilty.
如果说不能指望一个木匠会受被训练而懂得法律的细微之处那么也就不奇怪作为一个负责的男人的他决定认罪。
be trained:被训练
These people should change this bad habit and condescend to be pleased with what is pleasing, without worrying needlessly about themselves and others.
这些人应改一改他们的坏习惯，放下架子，该被高兴时就被高兴，不必为自己和他人无谓地担心。
be pleased:被高兴
An optional handle (100) may be provided to assist with temporarily pulling the plug member away from the ea canal or providing adjustment.
可以设置可选用的捏手（100），以协助暂时将塞件从耳道中抽出或被提供调整。
be provided:被提供
The end of a stage provides a major review point at which the program results can be evaluated and assessed against desired outcomes.
阶段的末尾提供了一个主要的检验点，计划结果在这个检验点可以根据预期的结果来被评估。
be evaluated:被评估
If you discover that a different REOPT option should be used in application, generate packages with the different REOPT option and configure the application to point to the desired packages.
如果您发现应用程序应当被使用一个不同的REOPT选项，那么要被使用不同的REOPT选项生成包，并配置应用程序，使之指向希望被使用的包。
be used:被使用
I'm extremely grateful to the Big Apple agency and to my Polish publishers, and very moved that Candy will be published in my much- loved Poland.
非常感谢大苹果经纪公司和我的波兰被出版社，我非常感动《糖》可以在我所热爱的波兰被出版。
be published:被出版
You've got to be prepared to pounce, with your hands at chest level in front of your body and your weight slightly forward.
你应该时刻被准备好打截击球，手臂的位置应与肩平齐，重心略向前倾。
be prepared:被准备
If the TL version to be installed is previous to AIX 5.3 TL10 and AIX 6.1 TL3, make sure all interim fixes (ifix) have been removed from the system.
如果准备被安装的TL版本是AIX5.3TL10和AIX 6.1 TL2 之前的，那么一定要删除系统的所有临时修复程序（ifix）。
be installed:被安装
To solve this problem, modules can declare their dependency requirements so that, at runtime, they can be checked prior to execution.
为了解决这一问题，模块可以声明其依赖需求，这样，在运行时就可以在执行之前进行依赖被检查。
be checked:被检查
China's decision to prop up the dollar is not going to be affected by the size of the US budget deficit.
美国缩减了财政赤字，中国人为地让美元维持在高位的决心不会因此而被受影响。
be affected:被受影响
To facilitate initial deployment and simple deployments, a simple console might be provided that uses the service through the published management application program interface (API).
要简化最初的开发及部署，可能要被提供简单的控制台，在公布的管理应用程序编程接口（API）中使用服务。
be provided:被提供
It was built on the @anywhere platform, which helps pull information about profiles and other data in order to be displayed in Javascript.
它是基于@anywhere平台构建的，这有助于配置文件和其他数据在Javascript中的被显示。
be displayed:被显示
After a long wait for bus no. 20, two 20 number buses will always pull in together and the bus which you get in will be crowded than the other.
等了20路公交很久之后，两辆20路总会一块儿进站并且你上的那辆车会是更被拥挤的那辆。
be crowded:被拥挤
When you’re just about to run on empty, pull over to the nearest gas station to load up. You ’ll be amazed at how much money you’ll save at the end of the month or the year.
在重新加满之前好好利用你油箱里的每一滴油，在油箱快空时，到最近的加油站去加油，到月底或年末你会被惊奇地发现自己省下了多少钱。
be amazed:被惊奇
So pull up a stool and start slurping at these spots, which should be included in any comprehensive guide to Hong Kong cuisine.
因此，在这些黑店拉个凳子开始吃面。这些面店应该全面的被包括在任何香港指南中。
be included:被包括
"If you push people about why they do it," Cahill said in an interview, "the first thing you discover is there are an enormous number of people who do it, and it doesn't have to be explained to them.
“如果你催问人们为什么要从事冒险活动，”卡希尔在一次访谈中说，“首先你会发现，对于大量的从事冒险活动的人们并不需要做什么被解释。
be explained:被解释
It is to be decided whether this idea can be put into practice.
这个想法是否能够实施还有待于被决定。
be decided:被决定
And, the valuable data they get from consumer behavior can more readily be put to good use once users actions are able to be tracked in a consistent manner.
而且一旦用户的行为能够以一种更为连贯的方式加以被追踪，那么他们得到的有关消费者行为的宝贵数据便可以得到更好的利用。
be tracked:被追踪
But it does send the message of how lingerie could possibly save the planet, Masuda said, adding that the bra should not be washed or sunned on a rainy day to avoid damaging it.
但它的确能让人们认识到内衣也可以保护我们的地球。此外，这种内衣不能被洗涤或在雨天晾晒以避免损坏。
be washed:被洗
In Christ we become reconciled to God by making a faith commitment. Our relationship with God cannot be reestablished without his Son.
在基督里，我们凭信心得以与神和好，若没有祂的儿子，我们不可能与神被重新建立关系；
be reestablished:被重新建立
Each port type that denotes a task in our business process needs to be implemented to satisfy the business logic that it is responsible for carrying it out.
在我们的业务流程中必须要表示出任务的每一种端口类型，这样可以满足负责被执行该流程的流程逻辑的要求。
be implemented:被执行
I did this film because I believe that if we as a country are going to cause such disorder we must also be prepared to face the horrendous images that result from these events.
我创作这部电影的原因在于我相信如果我们这样的国家引起了如此大的混乱，那么我们也应该被准备好去面对由此局面而产生的可怕的结果。
be prepared:被准备
Applying this model, the waveform of ring- down signal can be simulated and its change reason is analyzed. Then the relation between measurement precision and cavity mirrors' tilt is studied.
利用该模型，被模拟了不同腔镜倾斜量下的衰荡信号波形，分析了波形变化的原因，研究了测量精度与腔镜倾斜量的关系。
be simulated:被模拟
He has lost his job ,and will have to be prepared to rough it for a time until he finds a new one.
他丢掉了工作，将不得不被准备过一段艰苦的生活，直到找到新的工作为止。
be prepared:被准备
Further investigation will be needed to confirm or rule out the alleged culpability.
被需要进一步的调查去证实或是排除这名男子有罪。
be needed:被需要
Once an organization gets started on defining and maintaining their ontologies, it needs to be managed and run across the enterprise.
当组织开始走上定义自己的本体论的正轨，需要对本体论进行被管理并在整个企业中推行。
be managed:被管理
If your application requires messages to be returned from the remote queue manager, you need to define another channel to run in the opposite direction between the queue managers.
如果您的应用程序要求从远程队列管理器上被返回消息，则需要在两个队列管理器之间定义另一个相反方向的通道。
be returned:被返回
If synchronization was successful, the time at the beginning of the synchronization will be saved to be used during the next run to determine what needs to be synchronized.
如果同步化成功了，那么同步化开始的时间将会得到被保存以在下一次运行期间使用，从而决定需要同步化哪些内容。
be saved:被保存
When Tony went out to Vancouver Island to visit his sister recently they did a dry run to higher ground so she would be prepared in case of a tsunami.
当托尼离开温哥华岛去探望她姐姐的时候它们做了一次往干燥的高地跑，那么她将为海啸的实例被准备好。
be prepared:被准备
But whatever their desires, only two in three Australians claim to be satisfied with the level of intimacy in their life right now, the study shows.
但无论他们更喜欢哪种方式，据该调查显示，仅有三分之二的澳洲人对目前生活中（与爱人）的亲热程度感到被满意。
be satisfied:被满意
I don’t mean if we know them personally, but if we don’t know them personally, is there any way we can discover that they ’ve ascended, or do we just have to be satisfied with not knowing?
我的意思不是说要知道他们具体的是哪一个人，但是如果我们不知道他们是哪一个人，那我们用什么方式才能知道他们已经扬升了，还是我们要对[不知道]感到被满意？
be satisfied:被满意
Never be satisfied with your first view of a place or the first frame you snap.
从来不要对你看这个地方的第一眼或是你抓拍的第一张照片感到被满意。
be satisfied:被满意
Unless the new plan to be unveiled this week can save the day, Sarkozy may find himself needing more than a teddy bear for psychic solace.
除非将于本周被公开的新计划能挽救大局，萨科齐可能会发现，作为心理安慰，自己需要的不只是一只泰迪熊。
be unveiled:被公开
The secretary shall in accordance with the Act be appointed by the directors for such term, at such remuneration, and upon such conditions as they may think fit;
根据《公司法》规定，书记应由董事会被任命，其期限，报酬应按董事们认为恰当的条件决定；
be appointed:被任命
Your host has an active network adapter that can be used to send out the request.
您的主机有一个活跃的网络适配器，可以被使用它发送请求。
be used:被使用
In this case, a global item class can be defined for the connector, to serve as a way to retrieve those properties that can always be accessed.
在这种情况下，可以为连接器被定义一个全局项目类，作为对那些一直可以进行访问的属性进行检索的方法。
be defined:被定义
Correspondingly, after the user changes the information, it must be extracted from the GUI components and set back in the domain model.
相应地，在用户更改信息后，必须将此数据从GUI组件中被提取出来并放回域模型中。
be extracted:被提取
To have a sense of humor is to be strong: to keep one's sense of humor is to shrug off misfortunes, and to lose one's sense of humor is to be wounded by them.
幽默感是强有力的：一个人保持幽默感就是摆脱不幸，一个人失去幽默感就会因此而被受伤。
be wounded:被受伤
And they can be applied early in the verification test phase, that is, before your translation test experts arrive, and time and money start to slip away.
而且可以在验证测试阶段的早期被应用这些问题，就是说，可以在翻译测试专家到来之前，在开始付出时间和金钱以前解决这些问题。
be applied:被应用
Wrenches (spanners) must not be used if its jaws are sprung, worn or cracked. They may slip off a bolt or nut when you least expect it.
如果扳手（扳钳）的钳夹出现变形、磨损或裂纹，则不宜再被使用。它们可能会在您始料未及之时导致螺栓或螺帽滑脱。
be used:被使用
Seeo is building a pilot factory that will make large battery packs to smooth out spikes in supply and demand on the electric grid. It's expected to be completed in 2011.
目前，Seeo公司正在建设可制作大型电池组的试点工厂，以消除供应的短缺并解决电网的需求，这项工程预计将在2011年被完成。
be completed:被完成
Often however, young people ignore mental health problems thinking they will "snap out of it," or that they are something to be ashamed of.
然而年轻人往往忽视心理问题，他们认为将会“重新振作起来”或者觉得被羞愧。
be ashamed:被羞愧
Japanese usually wash outside the tub and then soak in hot water, which is then reused by the next family member. That means the water must be reheated each time if the next person in line dawdles.
日本人洗澡时习惯在浴缸外把身体冲洗干净，再到浴缸的热水里泡，不过由于这一浴缸的水要供全家人轮流使用，所以这就意味着如果下一个人洗澡时磨磨蹭蹭，浴缸里的水每次都要重新被加热。
be reheated:被加热
'The ECB wants to be compensated by the EFSF from any losses it suffers so as to continue accepting Greek bonds as collateral,' one of these officials said.
其中一位官员说，如果有亏损，欧洲央行希望能够从欧洲金融稳定基金(EFSF)得到被补偿，以便继续接受希腊国债作为抵押物。
be compensated:被补偿
Any sort of persistence you like can be contained in the instance attributes.
实例属性中可以被包含您喜欢的任何类型的持久性。
be contained:被包含
Thus, to speed up compilation, these files can be converted into an intermediate form that is easier for the compiler to understand so that subsequent compilations are faster.
因此，为了提高编译的速度，可以将这些文件被转换为一种编译器更容易理解的中间形式，以便提高后续编译工作的速度。
be converted:被转换
God replied: "Well, you now stand up on their side to come to the pool, do not always find some reason can not be completed for their own defense ."
天神回答说：“好，那你现在就站起来自己走到那水池边去，不要老是找一些不能被完成的理由为自己辩解。”
be completed:被完成
It may start out as unreliable, but it can be trained and developed into something you can rely on.
在一开始，它可能不那么能靠得住，但是它可被训练的，具备成为你信任的能力的发展性。
be trained:被训练
The electric installment and wires in offices, plants and storages should be checked termly by special electricians, if find hidden trouble, should make measures to stop from accidents happened.
办公室，车间，仓库内的电器装置，电线由专职电工定期被检查，发现隐患及时采取措施，防止事故发生。
be checked:被检查
The relevent crack width can thus be calculated by preliminary crack width and increasing coefficient of concrete compressive strain after fatigue loading operation N times.
疲劳荷载作用N次后构件的裂缝宽度，可根据初始裂缝宽度和受压区混凝土应变增长系数来被计算。
be calculated:被计算
Verification of the vaccine strain: After its preparation, the hybrid virus needs to be tested to make sure that it truly produces the outer proteins of the pandemic strain, is safe and grows in eggs.
疫苗株的确认： 杂交株制备之后，杂交病毒需要被测试以保证它确实产生流行株外部蛋白，它是安全的并能在鸡蛋中生长。
be tested:被测试
In the future, people who suffer from laziness could be treated with medicine that targets the genes that specifically promote activity, which may become a breakthrough in the treatment of obesity.
这一发现意味着，患有懒惰症的人未来可能可以用针对增进活跃度基因的药物被治疗。这可能在与肥胖的战斗中成为一项重要突破。
be treated:被治疗
The reason we practice golf is to produce a swing that can easily be repeated throughout a 4 hour round of golf.
练习高尔夫的原因是让我们在4个小时的下场中做到被重复习得的挥杆动作。
be repeated:被重复
When you switch to another node or add a new node, you will be positioned at the same tab in the node being viewed.
当您切换到另一个节点或添加一个新的节点时，对于正在查看的节点，将被定位在相同的制表位处。
be positioned:被定位
However, the Libya operation -- the first NATO military operation to be led by Europeans, with the U .S. deciding to take a back seat -- suggests that ambition may never be fulfilled.
不过，针对利比亚的军事行动表明，这一宏大计划可能永远不会实现了。此次行动是在美国决定退居次位的情况下，首次由欧洲人被领导的北约军事行动。
be led:被领导
Static lock -offs can be trained by putting your feet on the wall behind the board or on a chair, to take as much weight as necessary.
静态锁定力可以通过将脚踩在板后面的墙上或椅子上来被训练，这样可以减轻必要的负重。
be trained:被训练
The system must be rebooted for these changes to take effect, so reboot the system now.
必须被重新启动系统，以使得更改生效，因此现在请被重新启动系统。
be rebooted:被重新启动
If you go to the trouble to preload a set of data, it should be replicated to avoid having to re- load it on a failure.
如果您费力去预加载数据集，应该同时将其被复制，以避免出错时需要重新加载它。
be replicated:被复制
Before the migration, the developer did not ensure each resource instance be used at 50 percent of its capacity, so that if one resource instance fails, the healthy resource instances will take over.
在迁移之前，这位开发人员并未保证每个资源实例被使用少于 50%的容量，这样如果有一个资源实例失效，正常运行的资源实例就会接管事务。
be used:被使用
But i'll rather take pains and lots of sacrifices than not to be loved by you.
他们说被爱上你会有很多痛苦和牺牲，但我宁愿承受这些痛苦牺牲，也不愿你不被爱我。
be loved:被爱
The doldrums and the self-humiliation made them take pity on themselves and even be disgusted of themselves.
现代知识分子的忧郁和自卑，使他们时时怜惜自身，甚至被厌恶自身。
be disgusted:被厌恶
Providers shouldn't be confused with provider methods. (In Guice 1.0, they were considerably harder to tell apart.)
不要把提供者与provider方法弄被混淆了（在Guice1.0，这两者更难区分开来）。
be confused:被混淆
But as theorists, we could be interested in the theoretical possibility that the right response is to not think about the facts of death at all.
但作为理论家，我们可能对“正确的回应是,根本不考虑所有关于死亡的事实”,在理论上的可能性被感兴趣。
be interested:被感兴趣
So be prepared to throw away your ibuprofen and crepe bandages.
所以，被准备好扔掉你的布洛芬或是弹力绷带。
be prepared:被准备
The question is, would you be prepared to throw away your green credentials for wire -free, minimalist beauty?
问题在于，为了精致简约的无线生活，你是否被准备好了扔掉你的绿色证书？
be prepared:被准备
Do not throw away what can be used again: even an old calendar becomes new again every 28 years.
可以用的东西不要轻易丢弃：即使是旧日历，时隔28年也能再次被使用。
be used:被使用
Nasa scientists had anticipated that the impact would throw up a six- mile -high cloud of lunar dust and rock which could be scanned for evidence of frozen water.
美国航天局的科学家曾希望这个撞击会抛起六英里高的月球尘埃和碎片云，通过对其被扫描，可以找到结冰水的证据。
be scanned:被扫描
One thing to be avoided is clumping up where outline pixels touch each other on more than one side.
有一件事是要被避免在结块了纲要像素涉及多个一方对方。
be avoided:被避免
Over and under correction are the result of the surgeon incorrectly estimating the concentration that needs to be applied during the surgery.
并根据修正的原因是，医生错误地估计浓度，需要加以被应用在外科手术。
be applied:被应用
We need to be prepared to challenge deeply held prejudices and perceptions about sex, about education, about growing up and about what the state should provide.
我们得做好被准备挑战自己以往对于性教育、成长及所需环境的根深蒂固的理解或偏见。
be prepared:被准备
These situations can be used in combination with your application logic to ensure that the information in the cache is up to date.
上述这些情况可以与您应用程序的逻辑综合被使用以便确保缓存内的信息是最新的。
be used:被使用
The candidates would be nominated by district councillors, but everyone who does not have a vote in another functional constituency (about 93% of the electorate) would be allowed to pick the winners.
候选人们将由地区代表们被提名，但任何在另一个功能选民中无投票权的人（选区中的93%左右）都有资格进行投票。
be nominated:被提名
Unfortunately, it means that to even test a component, the developer has to wade into the Deployer's realm, and be prepared to configure the application server.
不幸的是，这意味着即使是为了测试组件，开发人员也必须涉足部署人员的领地，并且还要被准备配置应用服务器。
be prepared:被准备
The authors note that the novelty factor of having an exercise bike did wear off so additional motivation would be needed to keep employees using them.
该项研究报告的作者们提醒到，在办公室中引入这种健身自行车的做法别具匠心，但这种新鲜感会逐渐消逝的，所以可能还被需要其他一些动力激励员工持续使用它们。
be needed:被需要
Thus, the times of contact of teeth with a grain ear can be calculated by a computer accurately.
利用这些方程式，可用被计算机较精确地被计算出脱粒过程中谷穗与弓齿的接触次数。
be calculated:被计算
About half the items on this list could be replaced easily with store brands without anyone batting an eye.
在这张单子上的半数的商品，我们可以眼睛都不眨一下的用零售商品牌产品进行被替换。
be replaced:被替换
About half the items on this list could be replaced easily with store brands without anyone batting an eye. And I could buy store brands for the other half and tell my family to get used to them.
在这张单子上的半数的商品，我们可以眼睛都不眨一下的用零售商品牌产品进行被替换。
be replaced:被替换
Love is fruit that can be harvested at all seasons, and that is within reach of everybody.
爱是可以在所有季节被收获的果实，每个人都可以够得着。
be harvested:被收获的
Web pages shall be designed so that all information conveyed with color is also available without color, for example from context or markup.
网页的被设计应当确保在没有彩色的情况下也能够将所有的信息传达给浏览者。
be designed:被设计
Since both the services and the clients can be created using the same set of tools and run on the same platform, there does not need to be a lot of concern with respect to interoperability.
由于服务和客户端都可以使用同一组工具来被创建并且在同一个平台上运行，所以就没有必要那么担心互操作性方面的问题了。
be created:被创建
With the exception of one input value, everything on the form can be converted into the required JSON format rather easily.
除了一个输入值外，该表单上的所有东西都可以很轻松地被转换为所需的JSON格式。
be converted:被转换
The Part List in the Drawings and Test Reports could have Chinese Notes or Reference Sign, the rest ones need to be translated to Chinese word for word.
产品图纸及检验报告可在其上标注中文，其余资料均应进行等条款被翻译。
be translated:被翻译
In Alexandrian terms, patterns only work in conjunction with one another, creating a system of interacting forces that need to be balanced to create harmony.
在亚历山大模型体系中，一个模式只有在与其他模式联合使用时才能发挥作用，因为只有这样才能创建交互作用力的体系，以互相被平衡，产生和谐。
be balanced:被平衡
We would not be interested in human beings if we did not have the hope of someday meeting someone worse off than ourselves.
如果我们没有在某天碰到某位比我们更糟糕的人，这种念头的话，我们还会对人类被感兴趣吗？
be interested:被感兴趣
In addition, extra time may be needed to develop guidance and write up the numerous recommendations that may be necessary when a poorly controlled system is audited.
此外，可能还被需要加些时间用来规划报告并提出大量的建议，这在控制非常薄弱的流程或体系中尤其重要。
be needed:被需要
Don Juan in turn will likewise yield to his fate, be satisfied with that existence whose nobility is of value only through revolt.
唐璜也进而屈服于命运，并对这只因反抗才有价值、才显高贵的存在心被满意足。
be satisfied:被满意
If we wished to represent a larger number on this abacus, we would be unable to, unless additional rods could be added to it.
如果我们希望在这个算盘上表示一个更大的数，我们将做不到，除非另外在算盘上被增加被增加木棒。
be added:被增加
Crude price shock, the issue closes "car civilian" benzine expends defray, decided to have enough ship to be used for borrowing abet.
原油价格震荡，事关“车民”的汽油费支出，决定了有没有足够的船只供贷主被使用。
be used:被使用
Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth, neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them, that ye should be defiled thereby.
你们不可因甚么爬物、使自己成为可憎的、也不可因这些使自己被不洁净、以致染了污秽。
be defiled:被不洁净
Important predisposing causes should be considered including diabetes mellitus and carcinoma of the bronchus. Complications include lung abscess, pleural effusion and empyema.
应被考虑重要的诱发因素，包括糖尿病及支气管癌。合并症有肺脓肿，胸腔积液及脓胸。
be considered:被考虑
Conclusion:Pituitary abscess should be considered when patients presented diabetes insipidus, hypopituitarism, sella bone erosion and sella neoplasm similar to a cyst tumor in CT or MRI.
结论：若鞍区病变不大，但引起较严重的蝶鞍骨质破坏，表现为尿崩症和垂体功能低下时，应首先被考虑垂体脓肿。
be considered:被考虑
NOTE: Absentee ballots must be signed and postmarked or delivered to the King County Elections Office by election day. Voters may return their absentee ballots to their nearest polling place.
注意：缺席/邮寄选票信封上必须具有选民被签名，并在选举日或之前已盖上邮戳或递送到金郡选举处办公室。选民亦可在选举日把缺席/邮寄选票交回到附近的投票站。
be signed:被签名
For example, object bounding boxes may first be tested to see if polygon based testing is necessary - or bounding box intersection may often be all that is needed to provide acceptable results.
例如，首先可能要被测试物体碰撞盒子，看是否需要基于被测试的多边形，或者碰撞盒子交叉点可能经常成为提供满意结果的唯一来源。
be tested:被测试
Where the customer provides no documented statement of requirement, the customer requirements shall be confirmed by the organization before acceptance.
若顾客提供的要求没有形成文件，组织在接收顾客要求前应对顾客要求进行被确认。
be confirmed:被确认
Traps should be installed in an accessible position and location for easy servicing.
疏水阀应该被安装在可接近的位置和易于维修的地方。
be installed:被安装
Accommodation and work visa will be arranged by the Chinese school.
住宿和工作签证将由中国学校协助被安排。
be arranged:被安排
A positive test is when you put in a valid input and expect some action to be completed in accordance with the specification.
正向测试是指，当你输入一个有效的输入并且期望软件能够被完成一些根据说明书规定的行为。
be completed:被完成
Operating hours meter for recording the operating time of the hoist. The operating hours shown can be used for calculating the remaining service life in accordance with FEM9. 755.
安博钢丝绳电动葫芦操作时间记录装置可以记录被使用时间，该数值可用来计算剩余的安全被使用寿命，符合FEM9.755标准。
be used:被使用
The expenses incurred in developing new products, new technologies and new techniques shall be deducted before calculation of enterprise income tax in accordance with taxation laws.
企业研究开发新产品、新技术、新工艺所发生的各费用，可按税法规定在计算缴纳企业所得税前据实被扣除。
be deducted:被扣除
All documents submitted that are not in English must be translated into English accurately and professionally. Translators are accountable and fully responsible for the translations of all documents.
所有递交的非英语言文件必须都被翻译成准确的专业的英文。被翻译者必须是负责的并且对所被翻译的全部文件负有完全责任。
be translated:被翻译
The total volume of gas accumulator can be controlled by changing the number of gas accumulators, and the stiffness of hydropneumatic spring can be controlled furthermore.
通过改变连通储气室数目的方法实现对储气室总容积的被控制，油气弹簧的刚度特性也因此得到被控制。
be controlled:被控制
Reporting to GM the achievement of quality management system and all to be improved requests.
负责向总经理报告质量管理体系的业绩和任何被改进的需求。
be improved:被改进
Acute rupture of Achilles tendon could be treated with open operation, percutaneous repair, or conservative therapy.
结论陈旧性跟腱断裂被治疗及跟腱缺损的修复手术方式多种多样。
be treated:被治疗
It can be used for the experiments and analysis in fields of biology, medicine, agriculture and so on, especially in the research for inherit gene, albumen acid.
适用于生物、药学和农业科学等领域的实验，分析工作，在遗传基因，蛋白核酸等实验研究的被使用中效果更为显著。
be used:被使用
In consideration of the directivity and acoustic power, the input voltage distribution of a loudspeaker array can be optimized and selected.
运用该方法可以被优化扬声器阵列的输入电压分布，获得指向性和声功率级二者兼顾的扬声器阵列。
be optimized:被优化
According to the agreement, red fox homepage will set search of the song that it is cereal, its acquiesce searches a toolbar to also be offered by Gu Ge.
根据协议，火狐主页将设为谷歌搜索，其默认搜索工具条也由谷歌被提供。
be offered:被提供
If necessary, nylon, acrylic and polyester fibers may be bleached with sodium chlorite under acidic conditions.
在必要时，尼龙、丙烯腈、涤纶纤维可在酸性条件下用氯化钠被漂白。
be bleached:被漂白
Conclusions Endophthalmitis after cataract surgery can be controlled after timely management but it deteriorate the visual acuity.
结论白内障摘出术后急性眼内炎经及时治疗可被控制炎症，但视力预后差，。
be controlled:被控制
The two must be designed in concert, and according to the old adage of Modern architecture: form should follow function.
这两方面的被设计必须和谐，用句现代建筑界的格言来说，就是“形式必须服从于功能”。
be designed:被设计
Reds manager Rafa Benitez is adamant on keeping the 35-year-old and may be offered an extra year.
而红军教练贝尼特斯则有意为这位35岁的队内功勋多被提供一年的合同。
be offered:被提供
In adults, enlarged adenoids may be a sign of allergies, although the possibility of a tumor must be considered and may be a reason to remove the adenoids.
在成人，增大的腺样体可表现出一个过敏症状，但也要被考虑肿瘤的可能性，并被考虑切除扁桃体。
be considered:被考虑
We hope you will be satisfied with our samples and quotations.
我们希望贵公司能对我们的样品和报价感到被满意！
be satisfied:被满意
"If I ever do come back, and mix myself up with these people again"thought Mr Winkle, as he wended his way to the Peacock"I shall deserve to be horsewhipped myself-that's all"
“我要是再回来和这些人结交的话，”温克尔先生向孔雀饭店走去的时候，心里在这样想，“那我自己就该吃被马鞭子—如此而已。”
be horsewhipped:被马鞭
"'I do not require that the first half of the remark which was made to me by my benefactor shall be quoted with exactness, for it was not striking, and could be forgotten;
"我并不要求把我的恩公对我说过的话前半部分被引用得一字不差，因为那一半比较平淡，而且可能遗忘；
be quoted:被引用
"A solid mixture of the two, known as Bullion or dore, can be parted by Boiling in nitric acid."
将两种物质的混合物,即俗称的锭,在硝酸中煮沸,即可将金银进行被分离。
be parted:被分离
"A solid mixture of the two, known as Bullion or doré, can be parted by Boiling in nitric acid."
将两种物质的混合物,即俗称的锭,在硝酸中煮沸,即可将金银进行被分离。
be parted:被分离
"A water-cooled coil (inductor), acting as the primary winding of a transformer, surrounds the material to be heated (the workpiece), which acts as the secondary winding. Alternating current flowing in the primary coil induces eddy currents in the workpiece, causing it to become heated."
用一个水冷线圈或电感线圈缠绕待加被热工件，前者类似于变压器的初级绕组，后者为次级绕组。当初级线圈中通以交流电时，就会在工件中产生涡电流，使工件变被热。
be heated:被热
"Alcoholism is a disease like any other, it's a physical condition, and people suffering from it need to be treated and helped, not victimised,"he said.
他说：“酗酒和其他病一样是身体问题，患病者应该得到被治疗和帮助，而不是惩罚。”
be treated:被治疗
"An organ or Body part's cells may be reduced in number, size or Both. Atrophy of some cells and organs is normal at certain points in the life cycle. Other causes include malnutrition, disease, disuse, injury, and hormone over- or underproduction. "
器官或部分身体细胞可能在数目、大小或二者都会被减少。造成萎缩的原因还有营养不良、疾
be reduced:被减少
"Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Contract shall be submitted to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, Shenzhen Commission for arbitration"
凡因本合同引起的或与本合同有关的任何争议,均应被提交中国国际经济贸易仲裁委员会深圳分会
be submitted:被提交
"Article 60 Matters concerning the welfare funds, bonuses, labor protection and labor insurance, etc. shall be stipulated respectively in various rules by the joint venture company, to ensure that the staff and workers go in for production and work under normal conditions. "
第六十一条合营公司职工有权按照《中华人民共和国工会法》的被规定，建立工会组织，开展工会活动。
be stipulated:被规定
"BUNa-N should not be used in highly polar solvents such as acetone and methyl ethyl ketone, nor should it be used in chlorinated hydrocarbons, ozone or nitro hydrocarbons."
丁腈橡胶(BUNa-N)不能在高极性溶剂里被使用,如丙酮和甲基·乙基酮;此外,也不能在氯化烃、臭氧或硝基烃中被使用。
be used:被使用
"Before this measure of reform is implemented, hospital drug incomes and expenditures will be managed separately, namely the balance of payments surplus from drug selling will be turned over to the health administration and kept in a special account for reasonable return. "
在这一改革措施到位之前，可先对医院药品收入实行收支两条线被管理，药品收支结余全部上缴卫生行政部门，纳入财政专户被管理，合理返还。
be managed:被管理
"Chills, fatigue, and muscle aches Begin abruptly. The temperature soon reaches 38-40 c (101-104 f). Head, muscle, abdominal, and joint aches may be accompanied by sore throat."
突发寒战、疲劳、肌肉酸痛;体温迅速升至38～40℃,被伴随着头、肌肉、扁桃腺及关节疼痛。
be accompanied:被伴随
"Collectively owned property shall be protected By law, and no organization or individual may seize, encroach upon, privately divide, destroy or illegally seal up, distrain, freeze or confiscate it."
集体所有的财产受法律被保护,禁止任何组织或者个人侵占、哄抢、私分、破坏或者非法查封、扣押、冻结、没收。
be protected:被保护
"During the Warranty Period, if the operation of the Contract Plant has to be stopped for the reason attributable to the Seller, the Warranty Period shall be prolonged accordingly."
保证期内,如合同项目因卖方原因必须被停止运行,该保证期应相应延长。
be stopped:被停止
"Each party to the joint venture company is liable to the joint venture company within the limit of the capital subscribed by it. The profits, risks and losses of the joint venture company shall be shared by the parties in proportion to their contributions to the registered capital."
合资公司的法律形式为有限责任公司，合资公司的责任以其全部资产为限，双方的责任以各自对注册资本的出资为限。合资公司的利润按双方对注册资本出资的比例由双方被分享。
be shared:被分享
"Entry to a restricted <b>roadb> may be refused by the Authority to a vehicle owned or used by any person specified in subsection (2) (b), (c) or (d)"
则委员会可被拒绝第（２）款（ｂ）、（ｃ）或（ｄ）段所指任何人士拥有或使用之车辆驶入限制驶入道路。
be refused:被拒绝
"Fallopian tube scarring can cause infertility and ectopic pregnancy. Treatment requires antibiotics, Bed rest, pain medication, and sexual abstinence until the infection disappears. Sexual partners must also be treated to prevent reinfection"
输卵管瘢痕化会引起不育和异位妊娠。被治疗可使用抗生素,应卧床休息、服用止痛药、戒房事直至感染消失。其性伴侣也应作被治疗以防止再度感染。
be treated:被治疗
"Fax devices cannot be managed from the Printers folder. Please use the appropriate fax configuration applet in the Control Panel.
"传真设备无法从打印机文件夹中来被管理。请使用控制面板中适当的传真设置附属程序。
be managed:被管理
"For seven days let your food be unleavened bread; from the first day no leaven is to be seen in your houses: whoever takes bread with leaven in it, from the first till the seventh day, will be cut off from Israel."
你们要吃被无酵饼七日。头一日要把酵从你们各家中除去，因为从头一日起，到第七日为止，凡吃有酵之饼的，必从以色列中剪除。
be unleavened:被无酵
"For you will go out with joy, and be guided in peace: the mountains and the hills will make melody before you, and all the trees of the fields will make sounds of joy."
你们必欢欢喜喜而出来，平平安安蒙被引导。大山小山必在你们面前发声歌唱。田野的树木也都拍掌。
be guided:被引导
"Form should be typed or completed, clearly, in Block letters in the English language. Chinese characters for names should be written clearly."
本表应被打字或用英语大写字母填清楚,汉语名字应字迹清晰可认。
be typed:被打字
"Have no fear; for you will not be shamed or without hope: you will not be put to shame, for the shame of your earlier days will go out of your memory, and you will no longer keep in mind the sorrows of your widowed years."
不要惧怕，因你必不致蒙羞。也不要抱愧，因你必不至受辱。你必忘记幼年的被羞愧，不再记念你寡居的羞辱。
be shamed:被羞愧
"If I lose this job, I shall have to be prepared to rough it for a period until I find something really suitable."
如果我丢掉这份工作，我将不得不被准备过一段时间的清苦日子，直到我找到真正适合于我的事情做。
be prepared:被准备
"If a part of machine wears out and breaks down, it can be replaced. But if some parts of the body wear out and break down completely, can they be replaced to make the body as good as new?"
机器磨损，出故障了，可以被替换。但如果身体某些部分磨损并完全坏了，能把它们换掉以使身体完好如初吗?
be replaced:被替换
"If the cranking motor is to be checked with a jumper cable from the cranking motor to the Battery,first disconnect the distributor primary lead from the ignition coil, and then turn the ignition switch to ON."
如果用连接起动电机和蓄电池的跨接电缆被检查起动电机,应把分电器初级线圈从点火线圈上拆下,然后打开点火开关。
be checked:被检查
"If you push people about why they do it,"Cahill said in an interview, "the first thing you discover is there are an enormous number of people who do it, and it does not have to be explained to them.
“如果你催问人们为什么要从事冒险活动，”卡希尔在一次访谈中说，“首先你会发现，对于大量的从事冒险活动的人们并不需要做什么被解释。
be explained:被解释
"If you push people about why they do it,"Cahill said in an interview, "the first thing you discover is there are an enormous number of people who do it, and it doesn't have to be explained to them.
“如果你催问人们为什么要从事冒险活动，”卡希尔在一次访谈中说，“首先你会发现，对于大量的从事冒险活动的人们并不需要做什么被解释。
be explained:被解释
"In December 1998, we launched our Reefer-on Rail service from Xian to Qingdao, the first of its kind in China. In May 1999, we launched another Reefer-on Rail from Chengdu to Shanghai. In the near future more dedicated unit train and Reefer-on-Rail services will be added to this network."
1998年12月，我们推出了从西安到青岛的中国首列冷冻集装箱专列火车服务。1999年5月又推出了成都到上海的冷冻集装箱专列火车服务。在不久的将来，我们会被增加更多集装箱专列火车和冷冻集装箱专列火车服务。
be added:被增加
"In respect of clean collections, partial payments may be accepted if and to the extent to which and on the conditions on which partial payments are authorised by the law in force in the place of payment."
光票托收时,只有在付款地现行法律准许部分付款的条件和限度内,才能被接受部分付款。
be accepted:被接受
"It did add another layer of tension to filming. "She admits,"because I'd be worried that I was on my feet too long or working too many hours.
“这的确给拍摄增添了一层紧张气氛，”她承认道，“因为我被担心站立的时间太长或工作过久。
be worried:被担心
"It usually occurs in surface veins in the lower leg and can be treated with pain relievers and Bed rest, with mild exercise after inflammation subsides."
它通常出现于小腿的表皮静脉,可以借着止痛药和卧床休息来被治疗,炎症消退后则进行温和的运动。
be treated:被治疗
"It's kind of a non-automated computer---an abacus of sorts---hut it's an approach we're confident can be automated like a conventional computer,"said Lloyd Smith, a professor of chemistry.
化学教授劳埃德·史密斯说：“这是一种非被自动化的计算机-一就象算盘那样，但是我们相信这种计算方式可以象常规计算机一样实现被自动化。
be automated:被自动
"Local conditions, especially the presence or absence of oxygen, affect Biodegradability. Disposal of nonbiodegradable waste is a primary source of pollution. Surgical materials made to be absorbed by the Body are also called Biodegradable. "
地方的情况(特别是有氧或无氧)影响着生物降解。对非生物降解物的处理是污染的主要来源。可以被吸收的外科手术物质也称为可生物降解的。
be absorbed:被吸收
"My dear,"said Villefort, in answer to his wife, "you know I have never been accustomed to play the patriarch in my family, nor have I ever considered that the fate of a universe was to be decided by my nod.
“亲爱的，”维尔福对他妻子说道，“你知道，我一向不习惯在家里玩弄家长特权，我也从不认为天命可以由我点一点头就能被决定了的。
be decided:被决定
"Points of view"should not be censored because of one's political persuasion.
“各种观点”不应当因为其政治倾向性而受到被审查。
be censored:被审查
"President Bill Clinton's election in 1992 was a transfer of power from the old generation to the new generation -- he's the first baby boomer to be elected to the White House."
这句话的意思是：“克林顿总统1992年竞选获胜象征着美国政权从老一代转移到新一代。克林顿是战后人口飞速增长期间出生的那一代人当中第一个被当选为总统的。”
be elected:被当选
"Price addition includes line circuit breaker. Space heaters must be provided with power from a separate power source, not from the controller's control circuit transformer."
增加的价格包括线路断路器。空间加热器必须由独立的电源来被提供能源,不能采用控制装置的控制电路变压器的电源。
be provided:被提供
"Saite"ceilings overcame thoroughly the traditional weak points in technique such as being out of shape ,becoming yellow and mildewed, without pleasing to the eye. "Saite"ceilings with solidity can be used longer.
“赛特”天花彻底克服了传统天花存在的变形、变黄、变霉，不美观的技术难题，坚固耐用，被使用寿命长。
be used:被使用
"Shriver was reported to be worried about the effects of a time-consuming and high-profile political campaign -- let alone a possible win -- on their four young children, But also told Schwarzenegger she would support him whatever his decision."
有报道说,施莱芙非常被担心这种耗时、惹眼的政治竞选活动影响到他们的四个孩子,更不用说一旦竞选成功之后了。但是她也告诉施瓦辛格,无论他做怎样的决定,她都会支持他。
be worried:被担心
"The Seller shall, within ninety (90) days (3 months) from the Effective date of the Contract provide the Buyer with the required technical data concerning dimension of the workshop i.e. height, length and width and crane capacity relating to the workshop to be designed and built by the Buyer."
卖方应在合同生效日后90天 (3个月)内向买方提供涉及应由买方被设计并建造的厂房的要求，如长宽高度及此车间内的天车大小的数据。
be designed:被设计
"The category has been broadened to include a much larger range of organic compounds and a few inorganic compounds (including carbon black, sulfur, and ammonia). Some materials cannot be classifed unequivocally because they have alternative sources (benzene from coal, ethanol from fermentation)."
该被类别现已扩大到包括有机化合物和一些无机化合物（包括碳黑、硫和氨）的更宽的范围。一些产品难于划分，因为它们具有可替代的来源（苯从煤来，乙醇从发酵而来）。
be classifed:被类别
"The depreciation period for the fixed assets of the JV company shall be decided by the Board of directors in accordance with the "Rules for the Implementation of the Income Tax Law of the PRC Concerning J.V. with Chinese and Foreign Investment"
合营公司按照《中华人民共和国中外合资经营企业所得税法施行细则》的规定,由董事会被决定其固定资产的折旧年限。
be decided:被决定
"The headings to the articles hereof are for ease of reference only, are in no event shall the substance of any paragraph or the intent of the parties be interpreted or controlled by such headings"
本合同条款标题仅为参考方便之用,不得用于被解释或控制任何段落的实质内容或双方的意向
be interpreted:被解释
"The liabilities of any party to a bill may in like manner be renounced by the holder before, at, or after its maturity; but nothing in this section shall affect the rights of a holder in due course without notice of the renunciation."
执票人可于汇票到期日以前、到期日，或到期日以后以同样方式被放弃汇票应由当事人对其负担之责任；但本条之规定，并不影响对该项被放弃不知情之适时执票人之权利。
be renounced:被放弃
"The sound card can accept an analog sound (as from a microphone or audio tape) and convert it to digital data that can be stored in an audio file, or accept digitized audio signals (as from an audio file) and convert them to analog signals that can be played on the computer's speakers."
声卡可以接受模拟音源（例如从麦克风或录音带）并将其转换成数字资料，被储存成声音文件，或是直接接受数字化的音讯（例如从声音文件）并转换成模拟讯号而由计算机扬声器播放。
be stored:被储存
"There are a great many moving metal parts in the engine. These parts must be protected by lubricating oil so that there will be no actual metal-to-metal contact. The moving parts, in effect, float on films of oil."
发动机中有大量的运动的金属零件。要被保护这些零件就必须进行润滑,这样可以避免金属零件之间的直接接触。实际上,在运动零件的表面总是覆盖着一层油膜。
be protected:被保护
"Type 1, or insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), an autoimmune disease in which no insulin is produced, must be treated by insulin injections."
分二型︰幼年型(IDDM),一种自体免疫疾病,需注射胰岛素被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
"Upon the expiration or termination in advance of the term of a contractual joint venture, its assets, claims and debts shall be liquidated according to legal procedures."
合作企业期满或者提前终止时,应当依照法定程序对资产和债权、债务进行被清算。
be liquidated:被清算
"When Disco's hub blade is going to be used on machine of other manufacturer, prepare and affix safety labels that have contents equal to those included in this sheet, if necessary."
当Disco 的集线器刀片将被使用于其它制造工厂的机器时,如有必要,请准备并贴上写有相当于本说明书内容的标签。
be used:被使用
"When I start out to cut somebody up, you don't think I'd be satisfied with scratching him with the blunt side of my knife, do you?
"要是我打算杀了某某人，你不会以为我只拿刀子钝的那面刮他一下就被满意了吧？
be satisfied:被满意
"Whenever they go into the Tent of meeting they are to be washed with water, to keep them from death; and whenever they come near to do the work of the altar, or to make an offering by fire to the Lord,"
他们进会幕，或是就近坛前供职给耶和华献火祭的时候，必用水被洗濯，免得死亡。
be washed:被洗
"Widespread use of cable television would provide an alternate, wide-band communications system in each home, parallel with the telephone system. all kinds of data and picture services could be provided via such a system."
广泛使用的有线电视可被提供交换式宽波段通讯系统，在每个家庭中与电话系统并联。这一系统可被提供所有数据和图像服务。
be provided:被提供
"With Stratoscope II, the overall height from the telescope to the top of the launch balloon is 666 feet, the balloons together weigh over two tons, and another two tons of ballast are carried for later release if height has be maintained during the night. "
在同温层观察仪2号上，望远镜到发射气球顶部的总高度为660英尺，气球总重量超过2吨，另外还带有2吨压舱物，以便于夜间被保持高度时抛掉。
be maintained:被保持
"a medium that is best for one advertiser may not be best for another, and each medium must therefore be considered in terms of how well it meets the individual advertiser' s requirements."
对某一广告客户适宜的媒体并不一定适合其他广告客户，因此，在媒体如何满足广告客户要求上，必须对每一媒体加以被考虑。
be considered:被考虑
"all the ox, he is to take away outside the circle of the tents into a clean place where the burned waste is put, and there it is to be burned on wood with fire."
就是全公牛，要搬到营外洁净之地，倒灰之所，用被火烧在柴上。
be burned:被火烧
"and Moab will be shamed on account of Chemosh, as the children of Israel were shamed on account of Beth-el their hope."
摩押必因基抹被羞愧，像以色列家从前倚靠伯特利的神被羞愧一样。
be shamed:被羞愧
"and may surgically remove stones in the urinary tract and cancers of the kidneys, Bladder, and testicles. Urology deals mostly with male patients; the urinary tract in females may be treated by gynecologists. "
及用手术取出泌尿系结石,和以手术切除肾脏、膀胱及睪丸的肿瘤。泌尿外科的病人,绝大多数是男性,女性的泌尿疾病可由妇科医生被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
"and the material of the clothing, or anything of skin, which has been washed, if the mark has gone out of it, let it be washed a second time and it will be clean."
所被洗的衣服，或是经，或是纬，或是皮子作的什么物件，若灾病离开了，要再被洗，就洁净了。
be washed:被洗
"and this is how you are to make them clean: let the holy water which takes away sin be put on them, and let the hair all over their bodies be cut off with a sharp blade, and let their clothing be washed and their bodies made clean."
洁净他们当这样行，用除罪水弹在他们身上，又叫他们用剃头刀刮全身，被洗衣服，洁净自己。
be washed:被洗
"anyone touching the flesh of it will be holy: and if any of the blood is dropped on any clothing, the thing on which the blood has been dropped is to be washed in a holy place."
凡摸这祭肉的要成为圣，这祭牲的血若弹在什么衣服上，所弹的那一件要在圣处被洗净。
be washed:被洗
"as each base station uses lower transmitting power, the same frequency can be used in each different cell. Thus there is a high utility rate of frequencies."
由于基站可用较低发射功率，因而相同的频道可在不同的小区内重复被使用。这样就提高了频率的利用率。
be used:被使用
"can be proved to have been in the possession of the party at the time of disclosure and which was not previously obtained, directly or indirectly, from the other party hereto"
可以被证明该技术在泄露时自己就拥有,并不是以前从对方直接或间接获得的
be proved:被证明
"notify the Company immediately and within seven (7) days or any further period as may be agreed by the Company in writing, furnish a written report to indicate the course, probable reason and extent of loss or damage;"
立即通知本公司,并在七天或经本公司书面被同意延长的期限内以书面提供事故发生的经过,原因和损失程度;
be agreed:被同意
"provided that decisions on merger, devision, dissolution of the company, increase or decrease in capital and issue of corporate Bonds must be decided by the state-authorised investment institution or the state-authorised department."
但公司的合并、分立、解散、增减资本和发行公司债券,必须由国家授权投资的机构或者国家授权的部门被决定。
be decided:被决定
"shall allot an amount of money totaling 2% of all the salaries of the staff and workers of the JV company as trade union's funds, which shall be used by the trade union in accordance with the "Managerial Rules for the Trade Union Funds""
每月按合营公司职工实际工资总额的百分之二拔交工会经费。合营公司工会按照《工会经费管理办法》被使用工会经费。
be used:被使用
"the lower line of such letters or figures to coincide with the draught line denoted thereby, and the letters or figures must be marked by being cut in and painted white or yellow on a dark ground, or in such other way as the Director may approve;"
字母或数字的底线须与所示的吃水线齐平，字母或数字并须刻入船身及在深色底上髹以白色或黄色漆，或以处长批准的其他方法被标记；
be marked:被标记
'I ask your pardon,' said the Doctor, in a subdued tone, after some moments. 'I do not doubt your loving Lucie; you may be satisfied of it.'
“请你原谅，”过了一会儿，医生压低了嗓子说，“我并不怀疑你爱露西，我可以让你被满意。”
be satisfied:被满意
(2) An international dispute may be caused by a demand for a change in the law, just as strikes and other types of industrial dispute are often caused by a demand for alterations in the workers' contracts of employment.
(2) 某一国际争端也许是因要求修改法律条款而引起，正如罢工和其它类型的工业争端经常是由于要求改变工人的雇用合同被引起的一样。
be caused:被引起的
(b) "Public telecommunications transport service"means any telecommunications transport service required, explicitly or in effect, by a Member to be offered to the public generally.
（b）“公共电信传输服务”指一成员明确要求或事实上要求向公众普遍被提供的任何电信传输服务。
be offered:被提供
(b) Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed to require a Member to disclose information relating to the affairs and accounts of individual customers or any confidential or proprietary information in the possession of public entities.
（b）本协定的任何规定不得被解释为要求一成员披露有关个人客户的事务和账户的信息，或公共实体拥有的任何机密或专有信息。
be construed:被解释
(c) Would the cost of acquiring better evidence be justified in relation to the importance of the subject matter?
3．主题的重要性能不能证明取得更好的证据的费用是被正当的？
be justified:被正当的
(psychology) the principle that behaviors are selected by their consequences; behavior having good consequences tends to be repeated whereas behavior that leads to bad consequences are not repeated.
（心理分析）根据效果而选择行为的原则:人们一般被重复导致好效果的行为而不被重复不良效果的行为。
be repeated:被重复
14.3 Technical expert groups shall be governed by the procedures of Annex 2.
14.3 技术专家小组应按附件2的程序被管理。
be governed:被管理
2. In Members not requiring registration as a condition for protection, layout-designs shall be protected for a term of no less than 10 years from the date of the first commercial exploitation wherever in the world it occurs.
2.在不要求将注册作为被保护条件的成员中，布图设计被保护期不得少于从该设计于世界任何地方首次付诸商业利用起10年。
be protected:被保护
29. Alexander Graham Bell once told his family that he would rather be remembered as a teacher of the deaf than as the inventor of the telephone.
29. Alexander Graham bell曾告诉家人，他更愿意让后人被记住他是聋子的老师，而非电话的发明者。
be remembered:被记住
3. Notice of the decision on appeal shall be given to the appellant and the reasons for such decision shall be provided in writing.
3． 关于上诉决定的通知应送达上诉人，做出该决定的理由应以书面形式被提供。
be provided:被提供
7. The AMS shall be calculated as close as practicable to the point of first sale of the basic agricultural product concerned.
7． 综合支持量的被计算应尽可能接近该有关基本农产品的第一销售点。
be calculated:被计算
9. This assistance, which shall be provided on the basis of non-discrimination among developing country Parties, shall relate, inter alia, to:
9． 这一在发展中国家参加方之间非歧视基础上被提供的技术援助应特别涉及：
be provided:被提供
A 20mm click target is a typical minimum if users will be close to the screen and not in a hurry—this size should be increased for use at arm’s length or when in a rush.
对象最小的距离通常不得少于20毫米，这个前提是使用者在不慌不忙并且是靠近屏幕使用的情况下。如果使用者距离触摸屏有一臂的距离，或者是匆忙间使用时，就要适当的被增加对象的大小。
be increased:被增加
A Sun Saturn conjunction will be located at14 Leo and Neptune will be at18 Aquarius.
太阳土星契合将被位于14狮子星座并且海王星将是在18宝瓶星座。
be located:被位于
A bare fallow can be used with a herbicide such as glyphosate or amitrole.
对荒秃的休耕地可以被使用象镇草宁或杀草强一类的混合除草剂。
be used:被使用
A bath brush is used to massage for1 minute with temperate force, only to let the Salbes mineral salt move between the skin and the brush; and then a sponge that has been dipped in light Salbes mineral salt water is kept on the back for10 minutes, finally to be washed with clean water.
用浴刷按摩1分钟，不要太用力，只要让皮肤及刷子间的索贝斯矿盐分移动即可，然后用海绵蘸上淡索贝斯矿盐水，贴在背上10分钟，用清水被洗干净。
be washed:被洗
A bilingual court system in which either or both of the official languages can be used was put in place before June 30, 1997, in accordance with the requirement in Article 9 of the Basic Law.
本港法院已根据《基本法》第九条，于一九九七年七月一日前推行双语法庭制度，使法庭可中英文并用或被使用其中一种法定语文处理案件。
be used:被使用
A bilious philosopher's opinion of the world can only be accepted with a pinch of salt, of Epsom salt by preference.
胆汁质（暴躁）的哲学家的世界观，要加上一小撮盐方能被接受，惟以泻盐为较佳。
be accepted:被接受
A budget cannot be decided on by a department itself; the department has to consult with other departments concerned.
预算不能由各部自行被决定，但必须以各部门为主，共同商量。
be decided:被决定
A bundle of pieces of iron or steel to be welded or hammered into bars.
束铁把铁片或钢片被焊接或锻打成条形
be welded:被焊接
A button on the end of a scroll bar which can be pressed to move the current position.
移动被按钮：位于滚动条底部，点击可移动当前位置的被按钮。
be pressed:被按
A company which forges, alters, lets out, lends or assigns its business license shall be fined at least RMB 10,000 and no more than RMB 100,000 by the company registration authority.
伪造、涂改、出租、出借、转让营业执照的，由公司登记机关处以1万元以上10万元以的被罚款；
be fined:被罚款
A contract is also a bargain. This means that a contractual promise is never made as a gift and must be based on consideration.
合同也是交易。这意味着一个合同的承诺是决不能作为礼物的，而必须被基于对价。
be based:被基于
A corporation may have on hand a large amount of cash that is not needed immediately, but this cash may be needed later in operating the business.
一个公司也许手头上拥有大量的非立即被需要的现金,但是这些现金也许在企业以后的经营中被需要。
be needed:被需要
A deleted data buffer should be offered in addition to the regular, incremental, multiple Undo because it complements it.
已删除数据的缓冲区应该和常规的渐增多次撤销一起被提供，因为它们具有互补性。
be offered:被提供
A desktop application’s distinctive look, however, will usually come from its unique combination of menus, palettes, and toolbars. This means that menus and toolbars must be considered aids to navigation.
然而桌面应用的不同外观来自于菜单、调色板和工具栏的独特组合，这意味着必须把菜单和工具栏被考虑为导航的辅助。
be considered:被考虑
A good deal of adult education be accomplished by the mass media
成人教育的相当一部分是由大众传播媒介被完成的
be accomplished:被完成
A microprocessor can be used with a balance, weight set, and beaker to provide an economical and accurate measure of engine fuel consumption rate.
微处理机可以与一个天平、砝码和量杯一起被使用，以实现对发动机燃料消耗率的经济而精确的测量。
be used:被使用
A notarial will may not be revoked or altered by a testator-written will, a will written on behalf of the testator, a will in the form of a sound- recording or a nuncupative will.
自书、代书、录音、口头遗嘱，不得被撤销、变更公证遗嘱。
be revoked:被撤销
A number of good workers and cadres in the field of capital construction and a number of ex-servicemen should be trained to reinforce the public security, procuratorial and judicial departments.
要从基本建设队伍和转业军人中挑选一批好的职工、干部和战士，经过被训练，扩大和加强政法公安干警队伍。
be trained:被训练
A one-on-one setting promotes candor on the part of the stakeholder, and ensures that individual views are not lost in a crowd. (One of the most interesting things that can be discovered in such interviews is the extent to which everyone in a product team shares—or doesn’t share—a common vision.)
一对一的安排能促使一些利益关系人畅所欲言，单独的访谈也能确保独立的看法不会在人群中淹没（这种访谈最有意思的被发现莫过于看看项目组各成员的观点有多少相似，或者不同）。
be discovered:被发现
A particular peak or trough of the waveform can be picked to this accuracy, perhaps.
也许，波形中特殊的波峰或波谷能够以这个准确度被选
be picked:被选
A partnership should be based on a join strategy, sharing knowledge as well as gains and losses.
合作关系应当被基于共同的战略、共享知识和利润以及共同承担损失。
be based:被基于
A raid would have to be ordered from the very, top and even then a warning would come through in plenty of time.
要袭击这个赌注登记站一定得最高层下被命令； 即使最高层下被命令，被命令还没有传下来，早就有人通消息了。
be ordered:被命令
A similar test for night-blindness should be arranged in subdued light.
检查夜盲的类似试验必须被安排在较暗的光线下进行。
be arranged:被安排
A supporting network of aircraft cable can be used if necessary.
必要对，可以被使用飞机缆索的支承网。
be used:被使用
A user would choose from this list and, most likely, be confronted with a couple more such menus before the actual work would begin.
用户将从列表中选择，最可能的情况是用户必须被面对一堆这样的菜单，才可能真正开始其实际工作。
be confronted:被面对
A variety of coatings may be provided on request to resist corrosion or abrasion.
可以根据耐腐蚀或耐研磨要求被提供各种涂层。
be provided:被提供
A very undesirable condition in a digital circuit, whose behavior is unpredictable because it depends entirely on which input gets to it first. Race conditions should be avoided by good design practices.
数字电路中的一种不良现象，因为它完全依赖于哪个输入先抵达，所以其变化状况是不可预料的。在设计时应尽量被避免产生竞争的情况。
be avoided:被避免
A well-defined and communicated grid system results in designs that can be modified and extended, allowing developers to make appropriate layout decisions should alterations prove necessary.
在精心定义的网格系统下进行设计，可以方便地扩展和被修改，从而帮助开发者在各种候选方案中选择出具有最合适布局的方案。
be modified:被修改
A win or a draw for the Thais against Australia and the Iraqis against Oman would send the two sides through to the quarter-finals but the situation could be complicated if either Australia or Oman win on Monday.
如果泰国和伊拉克分别战胜或战平澳大利亚和阿曼，那么两队双双出线，而一旦澳大利亚或阿曼赢得比赛，形势将变得被复杂起来。
be complicated:被复杂
A woman with a daughter who'd soon be married - who was she trying to fool?
又想到自己的女儿快要跟人被结婚，自己还卖什么老俏？
be married:被结婚
ADSL technology supports up to seven synchronous channels that can be configured to meet application requirements.
adsl技术支持多达七个的同步信道，它们可以被配置成满足多个应用需求。
be configured:被配置
Abrasive wear may be defined as damage to a surface by a harder material.
磨粒磨损可被定义为较硬的材料以一个表面的破坏。
be defined:被定义
According to the gear engagement theory, a design method to calculate the point on the profile of plunge shaving cutter based on cutter design parameters is presented. The Z Coodinate of any point in a rectangular region can be calculated by secant method.
根据齿轮啮合原理，提出了基于刀具设计参数的径向剃齿刀齿面设计的被计算方法，给定剃刀齿面上任意矩形域内点的x，y坐标便可用弦截法被计算出该点的z坐标。
be calculated:被计算
Acetate generally does not require bleaching, but if it is necessary, alkaline conditions must be avoided or the fiber will be destroyed.
醋酯纤维一般不需漂白,在需要漂白时,要被避免碱性条件,否则会损伤纤维。
be avoided:被避免
Additives are essential functional ingredients of polymers, and whenever possible, each should be used in optimum amounts for the attainment of high-quality products.
添加剂是聚合物中起重要作用的组分,而且,每种添加剂都应尽可能在最佳用量下被使用,以得到高品质的产品。
be used:被使用
After I kidnap the beautiful princess, we will be married immediately in a quiet civil ceremony, not a lavish spectacle in three weeks` time during which the final phase of my plan will be carried out.
当我绑架了美丽的公主,我会毫不声张的立刻举办私下的被结婚仪式,而不是在我邪恶计划的最后阶段,花三个礼拜的时间准备耀眼灿烂的婚礼.
be married:被结婚
After analyzing several kinds of protection for feeder line in subway DC traction power supply system, it is pointed out in the paper that the phenomena of refusing action and error action can not be avoided with existing protection which can not protect the whole feeder line.
摘要分析了地铁直流牵引供电系统中几种常用的馈线保护类型，发现现有的保护方法很难被避免跳闸保护拒动或误动现象的发生，并且不能保护馈线的全长。
be avoided:被避免
After your conduct last time, did you expect to be invited again?
有了你上次的行为, 你以为还会被邀请你吗?
be invited:被邀请
Aggressive corrosion of well casing and heat exchangers can be caused by?? HCL,?? and other acids.
井孔套管和热交换器的侵蚀性腐蚀是H2S，HCL，H2SO4和其他酸类被引起的。
be caused:被引起的
Agrarian reform will be completed in 1952, except in some areas inhabited by minority nationalities.
土地改革，除一部分少数民族住居的地区以外，即将于一九五二年全部被完成。
be completed:被完成
Air shock wave magnitude can be calculated theoretically on the basis of the charge amounts, delay subdivisions and distance.
空气冲击波的大小可以根据总装药量，迟发分段及距离，由理论被计算得出。
be calculated:被计算
Alarming sirens must be installed on such motor vehicles as police cars, fire engines, engineering rescue vehicles and ambulances and used in compliance with the regulations of the public security department under the State Council.
警车、消防车、工程抢险车、救护车等机动车辆被安装、使用警报器，必须符合国务院公安部门的规定；
be installed:被安装
Alkanes can be chlorinated or brominated by treatment with chlorine or bromine in the presence of visible or uv light.
烷在可见光或紫外光照射下，用氯或溴处理才能被氯化或溴化。
be chlorinated:被氯化
All Party members, leading cadres in particular, must strictly abide by Party discipline. Under no circumstances should they be allowed to go their own ways in disregard of orders and prohibitions.
党的各级组织和全体党员特别是领导干部，都要严格遵守党的纪律，决不被允许有令不行、有禁不止、各行其是。
be allowed:被允许
All cadres who are Party members must properly assume and exercise the power truly on behalf of the people, and in no way should they be allowed to abuse power for personal gains or form any vested interest groups.
所有党员干部必须真正代表人民掌好权、用好权，而绝不被允许以权谋私，绝不被允许形成既得利益集团。
be allowed:被允许
All idioms must be learned; good idioms need to be learned only once.
所有的习惯用法都需要被学习；好的习惯用法只需要学一次。
be learned:被学习
All tests related to (infectious) disease aetiology including sample tests should be operated in a bio-safety cabinet, not in laminar flow cabinet (standards).
凡是病原微生物或疑似(包括可能的样品检测)病原微生物的被操作均应在生物安全柜内被操作,不宜在超净台内被操作。
be operated:被操作
Alternatively, such a child could be cured by the infusion of stem cells from an unrelated— but perfectly matched— sample of umbilical cord blood from a donor bank.
另一选择是，从血库中寻找完全相符的脐带血，用里头正常的干细胞被治愈这个小孩。
be cured:被治愈
Alternatively, the ripples can be irradiated from above with a laser beam to produce an instantaneous reconstruction in reflected light.
或者也可以用一束激光从上面被照射波纹，在反射光中产生即时的重建象。
be irradiated:被照射
Amid an enormous therapeutic and financial success, it was necessary and chastening to be reminded that grim failures were also part of pharmaceutical history.
在医疗效果和财政收入方面取得巨大成功的时候被提醒自己那可恶的失误也是制药工业史上的一部分。这是必要而又能使人心灵纯洁的。
be reminded:被提醒
Among normative irrationalists may be included D.H Lawrence for his glorification of primal instinct as against bourgeois prudence and calculation.
规范的理性主义者可被包括D．H．劳伦斯，因为他赞美原始本能而鄙视资产阶级的谨慎和算计。
be included:被包括
Ample oil reserves are still being discovered the world over, but they happen to be concentrated increasingly in the Middle East.
世界各地仍在不断发现丰富的石油储量，但石油储量碰巧是越来越被集中在中东地区。
be concentrated:被集中
Ample training opportunities will be provided by the Government to serving teachers to help them meet the benchmarks within the prescribed period at a cost of $72 million per annum.
政府每年会拨款7,200万元，为在职教师被提供足够的受训机会，协助他们在指定期限内达到基准。
be provided:被提供
An English science-fiction writer, proposed that man-made "stationary"satellites be used to relay and broadcast electromagnetic communication signals.
有位英国科幻小说家曾提议被使用“固定不动的”人造卫星来转播及广播电磁通迅信号。
be used:被使用
An English science-fiction writer, proposed that meaned "stationary"satellites be used to relay and broadcast electromagnetic communication signals.
有位英国幻想小说家曾提议被使用“固定不动的”人造卫星来转播及广播电磁通迅信号。
be used:被使用
An ISO/PAS or ISO/TS is reviewed after three years with a view to deciding whether it should be confirmed for a further three years, revised to become an International Standard, or withdrawn.
对ISO/PaS 或ISO/TS 每隔三年要进行一次评审以决定它在未来的三年是否可以修正被确认为国标标准或只是个别的。
be confirmed:被确认
An accomplice shall be given a lighter or mitigated punishment or be exempted from punishment.
对于从犯，应当从轻、减轻处罚或者被免除处罚。
be exempted:被免除
An annual holiday with pay due in virtue of this Conventionmay be divided into parts o r be accumulated with a subsequent holiday;
可把依照本公约应享受的带薪年度假期被分开休或同后来的假期积在一起休；
be divided:被分开
An application shall not be refused solely on the ground that intended use has not taken place before the expiry of a period of three years from the date of application.
不得仅以自申请日起3年期满后商标未按原意使用为由被拒绝该申请。
be refused:被拒绝
And Gerald would scold and bawl but, for all his remarks of yesterday about not wanting her to marry Ashley, he would be pleased beyond words at an alliance between his family and the Wilkes.
杰拉尔德，会大声咒骂的，不过，尽管他昨天警告过她不要嫁给艾希礼，他还是会因为自己家同威尔克斯家做了亲戚而感到说不出的被高兴。
be pleased:被高兴
And away we did go, and were over the shoulder of the hill before the insane movement could be discovered and stopped.
我们一个劲儿往前冲，敌人还来不及被发现和制止我们的疯狂行动，我们就已经冲上了山脊。
be discovered:被发现
And because no human life should be started or ended as the object of an experiment, I ask you to set a high standard for humanity, and pass a law against all human cloning.
而且，鉴于任何人的生命都不应该作为实验的对象而被开始或终结，我请你们为人性定出高标准，通过立法，制止一切人类克隆行为。
be started:被开始
And by proceeding with the poems, the lens language art will be studied and the oriental characteristic movie language can be experimented, concluded and abstracted.
从诗词入手，进行镜头语言艺术被研究，尝试、结、炼出具有东方特色的电影语言。
be studied:被研究
And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am the Lord: for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me.
赛49:23列王必作你的养父、王后必作你的乳母．他们必将脸伏地、向你下拜、并餂你脚上的尘土．你便知道我是耶和华、等候我的必不至被羞愧。
be ashamed:被羞愧
And, lastly(I may as well confess it, as the denial of it would be believed by nobody), I shall perhaps not a little gratify my own vanity.
最后，我这样做，可能还会极大地满足我的虚荣心（我还是承认这一点好，否认是没有用的，谁也不会被相信）。
be believed:被相信
Annotation cannot be edited or searched on after they are made permanent. Are you sure you want to make annotations permanent?
注释永久化后将无法再进行被编辑或搜索。是否确实要使注释永久化?
be edited:被编辑
Another point is that the improvement of our army's equipment must be speeded up.
再一点是被加速改进军队的装备。
be speeded:被加速
Answer2: The underground Yingbin Road No.1 and the rail communication( Lines No.2, Number10 and Line No.13) are still in the stage of planning; their relationship is to be analyzed and determined by the person solicited.
答：地下道路迎宾一路及虹桥枢纽的轨道交通（、0、3号线）在规划阶段，它们的关系请应征人被分析确定。
be analyzed:被分析
Antibiotic treatment of bubonic plague is usually effective, but pneumonic plague is difficult to be treated and even with antibiotic therapy death often occurs.
抗生素被治疗一般对腺鼠疫有效,但难以被治疗肺鼠疫,经常有抗生素被治疗仍死亡的情况发生。
be treated:被治疗
Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Contract shall be submitted to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
凡因本合同引起的或与本合同有关的任何争议,均应被提交中国国际经济贸易仲裁委员会
be submitted:被提交
Any dispute arising from or in connection with this contract shall be submitted to China Arbitration Commission for arbitration in accordance with its existing rules of arbitration. The arbitral award is final and Binding upon Both parties.
凡因本合同(或协议)引起的或与本合同(或协议)有关的任何争议,均应被提交中国仲裁委员会按照该会的现行仲裁规则进行仲裁。仲裁裁决是终局的,对双方均有约束力。
be submitted:被提交
Any one may guess how readily such a proposal would be accepted by men in their condition.
任何人都难猜想，处在他们这种情况的人，对于这个建议，当然乐于被接受。
be accepted:被接受
Argon may be compressed into cylinders by water or oil-lubricated compressors or by dry compression systems.
氩可以使用水或油润滑的被压缩机或干被压缩系统被压缩进钢瓶。
be compressed:被压缩
Arrow with a straight arrowhead head that can be adjusted using three different control handles.
带有直角箭头的箭头形状，可以使用三个不同的控制手柄对箭头进行被调整。
be adjusted:被调整
Arrow with an arrowhead and tail that can be adjusted using two different control handles each.
可以使用两个不同的控制手柄分别对其箭头和箭尾进行被调整的箭头形状。
be adjusted:被调整
As a remit, James held that determinism leads to moral complacency, for, without regrets, we must be satisfied with the world as it is.
因此，詹姆士认为决定论导致道德自满，因为没有遗憾的感觉，我们必然对现存世界感到被满意。
be satisfied:被满意
As a result, Congress in 1818 restored the .original design of 13 stripes and provided that each state was to be represented by one star.
于是，国会于1818年恢复了原来设计的十三道横条，并规定每一个州用一颗星来被代表。
be represented:被代表
As a result, particulate emissions from automotive diesel engine may be controlled also.
结果对汽车柴油发动机排放的微粒污染物也要进行被控制。
be controlled:被控制
As a result, they can be used as liquid or powder food additives or taken on their own.
因此它们既可作为液体或粉末状的食品添加剂，也可单独被使用.
be used:被使用
As brown sugar is moisture absorbent especially in hot rainy seasons, it should be packed in kraft paper bags containing 20 small paper bags of 1 kilogram net each, two kraft paper bags to a carton lined with water-proof paper.
由于红糖在炎热的雨季里容易吸潮，因此应该被包装在牛皮纸袋里。每一牛皮纸袋装二十小包。每一小纸包净重一公斤，每两牛皮纸袋装于一纸箱，纸箱应内衬防潮纸。
be packed:被包装
As for the design of specific teaching procedure, the existing courses at home and abroad should be taken as a starting point, and different schemes should be encouraged so as to push forward the teaching research practice.
至于具体教程的设计 ,应以国内外现有的课程作为出发点; 并应被鼓励不同的设计方案在教学研究实践中相互推动。
be encouraged:被鼓励
As of December first, all cafes, bars and restaurants will be obliged to provide non-smoking areas with the exception of traditional cafes and late-night clubs.
日起，处了传统的咖啡馆和深夜营业的俱乐部以外，所有的咖啡馆、酒吧、餐厅都被有义务提供非吸烟区。
be obliged:被有义务
As one scholar comments,"Two strong tendencies can be summed up as Americanization and colloquialization.
正如一个学者评论到：两种强烈的趋势可以被总结为--美国化和口语化。
be summed:被总结
As tax laws affect virtually every entity (persons and businesses) in a political subdivision, entities must be encouraged to voluntarily comply with the tax laws.
因为税法几乎一个政府管辖之下的所有主体（个人和商事主体），政府因此应当被鼓励每一个纳税主体自觉遵守税法。
be encouraged:被鼓励
As the backbone of future political offensives against the enemy, armed working teams must be reinforced and include people who have close ties with the local people, so as to make political offensives a regular practice.
武工队仍然是今后对敌开展政治攻势的骨干，必须被加强其力量，在组成中应有与当地人民息息相关的队员，这样才能使政治攻势经常化。
be reinforced:被加强
As we’ve said, all idioms must be learned, but good idioms need be learned only once.
正如我们先前所说，所有习惯用法都必须经过被学习才能使用。
be learned:被学习
As writers, they cherish economy, and witty phrases, they are often bitter, like Bierce and Lardner, but their rage at human folly has to be disguised and made entertaining.
他们在写作上喜欢简洁机智的词句；他们往往心存不满（如比尔斯和拉德纳），但他们对于人类虚伪的忿恨，却须加以被伪装，出之趣笔。
be disguised:被伪装
As you were so anxious to get back your letter asking for money, you will be pleased to know that I did not receive it.
既然你是那么急于追回要钱的这封信，那么当你知道了我并没有收到这封信的时候一定会很被高兴的。
be pleased:被高兴
Assuming a corporation's total stockholders' equity is $10, the preferred stock equity is $20, the number of common shares outstanding is 20, the book value per share can be computed as follows...
假定某一公司的股东权益总额是l0美元,优先股权益是20美元,发行在外的普通股票股数是20,则普通股每股账面价值可被计算如下…
be computed:被计算
Astronomical sums of money will be needed for this river tunnel plan.
这条过江隧道的计划被需要极大的一笔钱。
be needed:被需要
Asylum benefits used to be limited to people from certain countries, but now it's available to refugees worldwide.
以前政治避难只被有限地给予从某些国家来的人，但现在世界各地的难民都有资格申请。
be limited:被有限
At the same time, those who have just enough to eat and wear should be helped steadily to shake off poverty.
同时，还要被帮助初步解决温饱问题的贫困人口实现稳定脱贫。
be helped:被帮助
At this period it was not the fashion to wear so large a beard and hair so long; now a barber would only be surprised if a man gifted with such advantages should consent voluntarily to deprive himself of them.
当时并不流行这样的大胡子和这样的长头发，而倘若在今天，假如一个人天赋有这样的美质而竟自动愿意舍弃，一定会使理发师大为被惊奇的。
be surprised:被惊奇
Atlas-Agena B could be used almost as it came off the assembly line, at a cost to the program of only $38 million for the four required.
阿特拉斯一阿金纳B几乎出厂就可被使用，该计划所需的4艘阿特拉斯一阿金纳B只占计划支出的3800万美元。
be used:被使用
Attlee said that the People's Liberation Army "would be prepared to allow the ship [the Amethyst] to proceed to Nanking but only on condition that she should assist the People's Liberation Army to cross the Yangtse".
艾德礼说：人民解放军“被准备让英舰紫石英号开往南京，但要有一个条件，就是该舰要协助人民解放军渡江”。
be prepared:被准备
Bamboo was much cheaper, but it was too bulky to be used too much.
竹片价格低廉，但体积太大，不便于被使用。
be used:被使用
Bandwidth concerns should be investigated when looking at how to implement CTI applications.
在寻找如何实现计算机-电话一体化应用时，对带宽的考虑也应在被调查之列。
be investigated:被调查
Be certain that any released water does not result in bodily injury or property damage. The magnesium anode rod should be inspected periodically and replaced when necessary to prolong tank life.
要确保任何释放出来的热水不会导致任何人体伤害或财产损失。应该定期被检查阳极棒,为了延长热水器的使用寿命,在必要时,更换阳极棒。
be inspected:被检查
Because Abandon Changes involves significant data loss, the user should be protected with clear warning signs.
因为这种功能会可能造成数据大量丢失，因此应该用清晰的警报标志被保护用户。
be protected:被保护
Because this image is read-only or contains extended color data, the rotated version cannot be saved using the same file name. To save it, click Copy To and give it a new file name.
由于这个图像是只读或包含扩展颜色数据，无法用相同的文件名被保存经过旋转的版本。要被保存，请单击“被保存到”，取一个新的文件名。
be saved:被保存
Being in charge of the liquidation matters upon termination and expiration of the joint venture company; -other major issues which shall be decided by the Board of directors.
负责合营公司终止和期满时的清算工作;其他应由董事会被决定的重大事宜。
be decided:被决定
Beyond this, the camera viewpoint can be rotated in place or revolved around a focal point, also in three axes.
此外，摄像机视点可以在适当位置被旋转，或者围绕某个焦点被旋转，也可以在3条轴上被旋转。
be rotated:被旋转
Bridge roadways, edge girders and arches must be blasted so that they are broken at vital points.
桥上路面，边缘横梁和桥拱，都必须加以被爆破，以保证在重要部位上的破碎。
be blasted:被爆破
Burns of the anterior aspect of the neck should be positioned with the neck in extension.
颈前烧伤被定位时，应置颈部于伸位。
be positioned:被定位
But as I was certain I should not be allowed to leave the enclosure, my only plan was to take French leave, and slip out when nobody was watching;
不过我当时知道，他们决不被允许我走出木寨，而我唯一的办法就是不辞而别，趁没有人注意的时候溜走。
be allowed:被允许
But as new WAN technologies such as ATM matures, and especially as class-of-service capabilities improve, the SAN can be extended over a much wider area.
但是随着广域网技术，如atm的成熟，尤其是服务种类功能的改进，存储区域网可以被扩展到更广的领域。
be extended:被扩展
But if the pool of available discrete items is too large to fit in a single view and some of it must be scrolled offscreen, the selection idiom immediately becomes unwieldy.
但如果可用的离散项目集合太大，不适合在单个视图中显示。而且其中的一些项目必须被滚动才能看见时，选择习惯用法立刻就不适用了，这是列表控件问题中常见的情况。
be scrolled:被滚动
But it is only by looking at an asexual group that the second can be tested independently of the first.
但是只有通过观察无性繁殖的群体才能够在独立于第一种解释的情况下来被测试第二种解释的正确性。
be tested:被测试
But it should be emphasized that a really bad experience or two - such as many arbitrage operations suffered in late 1987 - could change the figures dramatically.
但必须被强调的是只要发生一、两次像今年其它几个套利惨痛的经验，就可能使得整个结果猪羊变色。
be emphasized:被强调
But you tell me he is no more, and therefore can have nothing to do with hatred or revenge, so let all such feeling be buried with him."
但您告诉我，他已经不在了，他已不再能怀恨或复仇了，所以还是让这一切善与恶都与他一起被埋葬了吧。”
be buried:被埋葬
But, throughout it all, and through the whole discourse, there had been a certain deep, sad undertone of pathos, which could not be interpreted otherwise than as the natural regret of one soon to pass away.
但是，贯穿布道词始终的，一直有某种低沉、哀伤的悲调，使人们只能将其被解释为一个即将告别人世的人的自然的忏悔。
be interpreted:被解释
Butanes and butenes can be maintained in the liquid states at ambient temperature under quite moderate pressure.
在适当的大气压力及常温下，丁烷和丁烯均可被保持液体状态。
be maintained:被保持
By 2005, 40% of the city's urban area will be covered with green land, and by 2007, this figure will go over 43%.
到2005年，市区城市绿化被覆盖率达到40%以上，2007年达到43%以上。
be covered:被覆盖
By insertion of photocopies of the seedlot x block tabulations for each trait all folders can be maintained complete with little extra effort.
每个折叠夹里插进区组各批种子每个性状的表格的照相复制本，不费多大力量就能使所有折叠被保持完整。
be maintained:被保持
By this postal service, express delivery mail from the addresser shall be transported with schedule flights, through closely-link transport means on the way, to the post office at the destination, where it is immediately delivered to the addressee by hand.
这项特快专递业务是从寄件人手中收寄特快专递邮件后，按事先预定的航班发运，途中被运输紧密衔接，到寄达邮局后由专门人员立即投送收件人。
be transported:被运输
CAD and desktop publishing continue to be improved with ever new and faster PCs.
电脑辅助设计和小规模出版业随着日新月异的个人电脑而被改进。
be improved:被改进
CONCLUSION Therefore the aforementioned medical compatibility should be avoided in clinic.
[结论 ]临床上应被避免上述药物配伍.
be avoided:被避免
Cable is cheap and fast, and it's hard to justify wireless when the only selling point is that users can wander the hallways and still be connected to the network.
电缆的价格低廉、速度快，而无线技术的唯一卖点是用户可以在通道上走来走去，并仍能与网络被连接，这时就很难为无线技术说话。
be connected:被连接
Cadets should be allowed to argue any question that troubles theworld.
应当被允许军校学员们辩论使世界不安的任何问题。
be allowed:被允许
Caldari Industrial >Skill at operating Caldari industrial ships. Can not be trained on Trial Accounts.
卡尔达利工业舰》操纵卡尔达利工业舰的技能。体验帐号无法被训练（这招好毒~）。
be trained:被训练
Can be used as mosquito net for kids in beach, park and backyard.
可以带着他在海边，公园，庭院里玩耍，可以临时当作小宝宝的蚊帐被使用。
be used:被使用
Can this be called holding high the banner of Mao Zedong Thought?
这是不是被叫高举毛泽东思想的旗帜呢？
be called:被叫
Chen, also president of China National Gold Group Corp, the country's top gold producer, said big foreign investors will be welcomed to participate in the sector's reshuffling with advanced technologies and management know-how.
身兼中国黄金集团公司总裁（该公司是全国最大的黄金生产商）的成辅民说，中国被欢迎国外投资商参与中国黄金企业的改组重建，用先进的技术和管理经验来提升企业的层次。
be welcomed:被欢迎
Child windows containing documents should always be maximized inside the application unless the user explicitly instructs otherwise, or the user needs to simultaneously work in several documents to accomplish a specific task.
程序内部包含文档的子窗口应该始终被最大化；除非用户有明显的其他要求，或者用户为了完成某项任务，需要同时在几个文档上进行工作。
be maximized:被最大化
Children are not handicapped cognitively by bilingualism; some types of intelligence, such as creativity, may be enhanced by the child's being bilingual.
学习两种语言不但有助于儿童的认知能力，而且还会被增强某些方面的智能，比如创造力。
be enhanced:被增强
China Mobile seized the occasion, adding a link at the top of her blog's home page to announce that the theme song of "Dreams May Come"sung by Xu herself could be downloaded for cell phone rings.
中国移动抓住这个机会，在她的博客首页添加链接，声称可以被下载由旭静蕾演唱的〈梦回故里〉主题曲作为手机铃声。
be downloaded:被下载
Choices can be offered in different ways. They can be offered in the way that we window shop.
选择可以通过不同的方式被提供，它们可以以商店橱窗的方式被提供。
be offered:被提供
Choosing the primary persona is a process of elimination: Each persona must be tested by comparing the goals of that persona against goals of the others.
选择首要人物角色是一个排除的过程，每个人物角色必须通过将其目标与其他人物角色的目标进行比较来被测试。
be tested:被测试
Client/server database applications, for example, might have to be reconfigured to take into account variations in the speed of data transmission over the VPN.
例如，客户/服务器数据库应用程序因考虑到在VPN上传送数据速度的变化而可能不得不被重新配置。
be reconfigured:被重新配置
Components required to be mounted off the board are provided with lead forms at the board surface or other mechanical support to prevent lifting of solder land.
需要离开线路板被安装的组件在线路板表面利用引脚形状或其它机械支撑来防止焊盘的翘起。
be mounted:被安装
Conclusion Through X rays examine the movement caecum diseases may win precise diagnose and be cured through operation therapy or caecum fixing tecnique.
:移动盲肠症通过 X线检查可以获得准确诊断 ,移动盲肠症只有通过盲肠固定术等手术疗法方能被治愈
be cured:被治愈
Consistent with its obligations under the WTO Agreement and the Draft Protocol, the freedom of contract of enterprises would be respected by China.
在与其在《WTO协定》和议定书(草案)项下义务相一致的情况下，企业的合同自由将得到中国的被尊重。
be respected:被尊重
Constance Rourke's statement needs to be complemented with that of Tocqueville, who said of the backwoodsman that'everything about him is wild'.
康斯坦斯·鲁尔克的说法，应该用托克维尔的话加以被补充。他说，边疆居民，“一举一动都很粗鄙”。
be complemented:被补充
Construction is scheduled to start in early 1999 and be completed in 2002.
建筑工程预期在一九九九年初开始，二零零二年底被完成。
be completed:被完成
Containers for objects that must be compared or used together should be adjacent to each other.
如果容纳对象的容器之间有被比较关系或者要放在一起使用，则其应该是相邻的。
be compared:被比较
Content and scope of this Contract shall be stipulated in the Appendix including construction erection and maintenance.
在合同的内容和范围详细被规定在本合同的附件当中,包括本工程的施工、建成和维护
be stipulated:被规定
Controls must be used appropriately and judiciously, like all elements of a good user interface.
就像所有好的界面元素一样，控件的被使用也必须是恰当且合理的。
be used:被使用
Conversely, when bile fails to be excreted normally, the liver function will be affected, too.
相反，当胆汁被排泄异常时，肝的功能也会受影响。
be excreted:被排泄
Councillor Didlum said it was a very good idea, and proposed that the surveyor be instructed to get out the plans.
迪德卢姆议员说这是一个好主意，他建议被指示测量员拟订计划。
be instructed:被指示
Counterattack, lashing out and surrounding yourself with a barrier that lowers the damage of the next3 incoming attacks by35%. Can only be used after a block.
反击，并在你的周围造成一道结界以减少接下来的3次攻击的35%害。只能在一次成功格挡后被使用。
be used:被使用
Crohn's disease may affect the gastrointestinal tract, from the mouth to the anus, and while Crohn's disease can not be cured by drugs or surgery, either may relieve symptoms.
克罗恩病可能影响从口腔到肛门整个胃肠道，而且克罗恩病又不能用药物或手术得到被治愈，也不能减轻症状。
be cured:被治愈
Customer goals should never trump end goals but need to be considered within the overall design.
顾客目标始终不应该超越最终目标，但需要在整体设计中被考虑。
be considered:被考虑
Cylinder loss and damage can be prevented by careful checking of the condition of the harvested beans and varying the cylinder speed accordingly.
脱粒滚筒造成的损失危害，可以通过仔细检查收获豆子的情况和相应地改变脱粒滚筒的速度来被防止。
be prevented:被防止
Data should be protected by backing-up at regular intervals. Back-up data should be stored as long as necessary at a separate and secure location.
在常规时间间隔情况下，应当通过备份数据来被保护数据。备份数据应当储存在另外一个分隔的、安全的地点。
be protected:被保护
Design choices can be tested on a persona in the same way that they can be shown to a real user during the formative process.
我们可以在人物角色上对设计方案进行被测试，就像在正式过程中针对真实用户一样。
be tested:被测试
Differences should be handled properly in line with the principles of mutual respect, seeking common ground while putting aside differences and making steady progress.
本着相互尊重、求同存异、循序渐进的原则，妥善被处理彼此的分歧。
be handled:被处理
Dirty linen should be washed in private, as Napoleon used to say.
拿破仑说过，脏衣服得躲在家里被洗。
be washed:被洗
Disabled violators of the criminal law will be exempted from criminal responsibility, or have their punishment mitigated or waived in full consideration of their intellectual, mental or physiological capacity in being responsible for their action.
对触犯刑律的残疾人，充分考虑到他们在智力上、精神上或生理上对自己行为所能负责的程度，规定免予刑事责任或者从轻、减轻或被免除处罚。
be exempted:被免除
Do not put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
今天可以被享受的事情，不要拖到明天去。
be enjoyed:被享受
Dr. Mace would be assisted by scientific specialists in the agency.
该机构的其他科学专家将被协助梅斯博士的工作。
be assisted:被协助
Dr. Morie Gertz, chairman of the hematology division at the Mayo Clinic responded, and after Cross flew out for an exam,Gertz delivered a new conclusion:familial amyloidosis, which affects about 1 in 4 million people and can be cured with a new liver.
梅奥诊所血液部主任莫里埃·格茨医生回答了她的问题。当克罗斯做了一次抽血检测后，格茨提出了一个新的结论：家族淀粉样变性，其发病几率大约是400万分之1，可采用肝脏移植来被治愈。
be cured:被治愈
Drawers are panes in a sovereign application that can be opened and closed with a single action.
抽屉是在独占应用程序中可以用一次操作被打开或者关闭的窗格。
be opened:被打开
Drinks can be cooled by placing them on ice rather than adding ice to them.
可以把饮料置于冰块之上来被冷却，而不是把冰块加进饮料之中。
be cooled:被冷却
Drugs may be utilized to alter the pharmacokinetic profile of a toxicant.
可以被利用药物来改变某种毒剂的药动学性质。
be utilized:被利用
During the hearing, all the facts and evidence on which the case on file is based should be investigated and checked in court.
在庭审过程中，凡属据以立案的事实和证据，都必须当庭被调查、核实。
be investigated:被调查
Each of these may be computed from the definition of work in Eq. (7-1).
每个力的功都可由功的定义式（7-1）来被计算。
be computed:被计算
Economy of operation normally requires that this water be used again and again.
为了运行的经济性，通常要求水要反复地被使用。
be used:被使用
Efforts will be concentrated on tackling key technological problems to grasp core technology and attain independent intellectual property rights.
被集中力量攻克重大关键技术，掌握核心技术，形成自主知识产权；
be concentrated:被集中
Electroencephalography is useful but not essential in determining brain death. Organ donors must be declared brain-dead before their organs may be removed for transplant. The question of when life support can legally be ended has been the subject of numerous court cases.
脑电图记录法也常用于判断是否脑死，但并不是绝对必要。器官捐赠者必须在被宣布脑死后才可以把他们的器官切除移植。维生系统何时可以合法结束，这个问题一直是众多法庭案例的主题。
be declared:被宣布
Electromagnetic radiation with frequencies in the ultraviolet and visible region can be absorbed by molecules.
分子能被吸收频率在紫外和可见光区的电磁辐射。
be absorbed:被吸收
Elements to be considered by an appraiser in appraising the value of a property, such as competition, supply and demand.
估价师在估价物业时所被考虑的要素，如竞争、供求量等。
be considered:被考虑
Episome is an additional genetic element that can exist either as an autonomous entity or be inserted into the continuity of the chromosome of a host cell.
附加体是能被插入寄生细胞连续的染色体之中，也能以自主实体而存在的一种附加遗传因素。
be inserted:被插入
Error, notification (alert), and confirmation messages are blocking bulletin dialogs. As we shall see, even these can and should be avoided in most circumstances.
错误、通知（警告）和确认消息都是阻塞型公告对话框，我们将看到在大多数情况下就算是这些也都能够被避免，并且应该被避免。
be avoided:被避免
Eugénie is to be married in a week, and in three days there is to be a grand feast, a betrothal festival.
欧热妮在一星期内要被结婚了，三天之后，就要有一场盛大的宴会，一个订婚宴会。
be married:被结婚
Evaporative recovery can be used on almost all process rinse water systems, with the exception of those which deteriorate with use.
蒸气回收法可用于几乎所有生产过程的漂洗水系统，那些因被使用而变质的除外。
be used:被使用
Even Stirling Bridge, which is the main pass over that river, would be watched with little interest.
甚至这条河的主要关口施德林桥，也一定是马马虎虎地被监视着的。
be watched:被监视
Even an air-entraining agent can be used because the minute pores are discontinuous.
甚至可以被使用加气剂，因为小的气孔是不连通的。
be used:被使用
Even if the doctor does not give you a year,even if he hesitates about a month,make one Brave push and see what can be accomplished in a week.
即使医生不给你再活一年的希望,即使他还怀疑你能否活一个月,请勇敢向前,看看在一周内能够被完成什么。
be accomplished:被完成
Even if the doctor does not give you a year,even if he hesitates about a month,make one brave push and see what can be accomplished in a week．
即使医生不给你再活一年的希望，即使他还怀疑你能否活一个月，请勇敢向前，看看在一周内能够被完成什么。
be accomplished:被完成
Even in these cases, however, basic affordances should be preserved so that users can, in fact, reach the content easily.
不过即使在这样的情况下，也应该被保留基本的启示，使用户能容易地访问到内容。
be preserved:被保留
Even in those second-generation substitutes, the hemoglobin molecules will not be protected by a red blood cell membrane.
即使在第二代血液替代品中，血红蛋白分子也没有血红细胞膜来被保护。
be protected:被保护
Even oral proficiency in foreign languages is sought in silence, as if it too could be mastered like other subjects-- through osmosis and rote memorization.
人们甚至以沉默方式谋求被掌握外语口语，似乎也可以像其他课程一样通过潜移默化和死记硬背予以被掌握。
be mastered:被掌握
Even so, to allay public concern, the use of antibiotic resistance genes will probably be phased out in the next five years.
」为了平息大众疑虑，在未来五年内，还是可能会被逐步淘汰抗生素抗药基因的使用。
be phased:被逐步
Even those regrettable types seemed trivial enough to be laughed out of sight--and forgotten.
甚至这类令人遗憾的作品也显得无足轻重，不妨一被笑置之，淡忘了事。
be laughed:被笑
Every aspect of the interface must be considered from a stylistic point of view, not simply as individual controls or other visual elements.
界面的每个方面都必须从视图的风格被考虑，而不是单个控件或其他视觉元素。
be considered:被考虑
Every male among you in every generation shall be circumcised on the eighth day, both those born in your house and any foreigner, not of your blood but bought with your money, thus shall my covenant be marked in your flesh as an everlasting covenant.
你家族中每一代的每一个男丁都必须在出生后的第八天进行被割礼，包括生在你家的和那些虽然不属于你们血统，而是你用钱买来的外姓人。这样我立的约就在你们肉体上留下印记，成为永久之约。
be circumcised:被割礼
Extemporary resolutions can be voted on by ballot or show of hands.
本会相关提案及临时动议之表决，得以无记名被投票或举手方式行之。
be voted:被投票
Factories should be scattered instead of being concentrated in a single area.
工厂应分被散布局而不应集中在一个地区。
be scattered:被散布
Far better to send up a space ship equipped with a massive airbag that could be inflated to several kilometers (miles) wide and used to gently buffet the invading solar body away from a collision course with earth.
明智得多的办法是发射一艘配备有巨型安全气囊的宇宙飞船，气囊可以被膨胀到数公里(英里)宽，用以驱使入侵的太阳系天体逐步偏离撞向地球的航向。
be inflated:被膨胀
Fell for balance and ease in your shouders. Let your arms be relaxed and heavy.
摸索着寻找平衡点，感触到肩部的被放松。让你的双臂不受拘束并下垂。
be relaxed:被放松
Fibre Channel can be used in conjunction with existing LAN technologies such as Ethernet and ATM.
光纤通道可与现有的局域网技术（如以太网和ATM）一起被使用。
be used:被使用
Film can be manipulated to soak up even more of a scene's tonal extremes.
透过显影可以被操纵底片的色调，甚至超过景色所能呈现的色调极限。
be manipulated:被操纵
Finally, the camera’s field of view can be zoomed in and out.
最后，摄像机的视野可以分别被放大或者缩小。
be zoomed:被放大
Fire officials say about350 miles of fire line will be needed to contain the417,000- acre fire.
消防部门的官员说被需要划出350英里的隔离线来抑制41.7万英亩火势的蔓延。
be needed:被需要
First of all, cascading menus are to be avoided at all costs.
首先，无论如何都要被避免使用级联菜单。
be avoided:被避免
First of all, the agenda should be prepared before the meeting.
首先，开会前要被准备好议程。
be prepared:被准备
Flying Fish automatic industrial washing machinery series can wash, bleach dewater at medium or high speed, etc.The whole process is automatically controlled with micro computer, and some steps also can be operated manually.
飞鱼系列全自动工业洗衣机，即洗、脱两用机，具有洗涤、漂洗、均布、中脱、高脱等功能，采用微电脑进行全过程的自动化控制，也可对各步骤进行手动被操作。
be operated:被操作
Folios will be prepared for each attendee and left by their namecards on the conference table.
会场会替每位出席者被准备文件夹，跟名牌一起摆在会议桌上。
be prepared:被准备
For a set of personas to be an effective design tool for multiple products, the personas must be based upon research concerning the usage contexts for all of these products.
如果希望有一组人物角色可以有效地用于多个产品，就必须先研究这些所有产品的使用情境，之后被基于这些研究创造出这些人物角色。
be based:被基于
For all their efforts, those seeking to mass-produce children in this way, as well as others who seek an exact copy of someone else, would almost certainly be disappointed in the end.
对于那些寻求以此种方式大批量生产孩子的人，或者对于那些想复制他人的人来说，他们的一切努力最终会让他们被失望的。
be disappointed:被失望
For biopsy of a lesion seen on a mammogram but not detectable during physical examination,2 needles or wires can be inserted via radiologic guidance to localize the lesion.
给照相时发现、检又未曾查出的病灶作活检时，可在放射线指导下，被插入两个针头或导线进行定位。
be inserted:被插入
For example, when we’ve designed office phones and medical devices, there’s often been the question of whether the screen angle should be fixed or if it should be adjustable, and if so, how that will be accomplished.
比如，我们设计过的办公室里的电话和一些医用设备，设计中间经常会讨论到底是采用被固定角度的屏幕，还是可调节角度的屏幕。如果选择其中一种，将如何来实现。
be fixed:被固定
For most multimedia effects, the browser has to be installed with an appropriate plug-in.
对多数多媒体效果来说，浏览器必须被安装合适的插入功能。
be installed:被安装
For the moment, we shall only be interested in the levels that arise from excitations of the outer electrons.
就目前而言，我们将只对由外层电子的激发所形成的能级被感兴趣。
be interested:被感兴趣
From above we can conclude that the break-even point can be computed mathematically, but the break-even chart is also widely used.
从上面可以看出,均衡点可以通过数学被计算求得,但均衡图仍广泛使用。
be computed:被计算
From the designer’s point of view, this often means that the program should be optimized for use by perpetual intermediates and not be aimed primarily at beginners (or experts).
从设计者的角度来看，这就意味着这类程序应该为永久的中间用户来进行使用上的被优化，而不能将主要目标放在初级用户上（也不能是专家用户）。
be optimized:被优化
Full time fire brigade and obligatory fire brigade shall be compensated for fuel, extinguishant and device and equipage used in taking part of fire fighting and rescue for other units.
对参加扑救外单位火灾的专职消防队、义务消防队所损耗的燃料、灭火剂和器材、装备等，依照规定予以被补偿。
be compensated:被补偿
Further more, blood substitutes can be stored for more than one year, as compared with about one month for donor blood stored using standard methods.
再者血液替代品能被储存一年多，而捐献者的血液利用标准方法仅能被储存大约一个月。
be stored:被储存
Furthermore, the height of the sidewall and load on the structure are necessary to be calculated to guarantee the safety of the aqueduct.
而且，由此被计算渡槽侧墙高度和结构荷载，确保渡槽的安全。
be calculated:被计算
Futurists have long been prophesying a Great Integration, when all forms of communications would be defined by a single format, handled by the same equipment and possibly even billed for by the same company.
未来学者早已预言，当所有形式的通信由单一格式被定义，并由同一设备处理，甚至可能由同一家公司结算之时，就实现了大集成。
be defined:被定义
Gateway functionality can be packaged in a number of different ways: dedicated devices, add-on cards for voice products and software for local-area network servers.
网关的功能可以用多种不同的方法被包装实现：专用设备、话音产品的插卡和局域网服务器的软件。
be packaged:被包装
Given an extensive area, guerrilla warfare can be developed and sustained even in the plains, not to mention the river-lake-estuary regions.
有了广大地区这个条件，就是在平原也是能够被发展和支持游击战争的，河湖港汊更不待说。
be developed:被发展
Grown up folks began to be interested in the bright-eyed girl.
一般成年人开始对这位明眸皓齿的女郎被感兴趣。
be interested:被感兴趣
Hard-hat items are the functions that should only be used by real power users. These include various advanced settings.
危险项目是那些只有真正的专家用户才被使用的功能，包括各种高级设置。
be used:被使用
Having a bath after a meal, the flow of body surface blood will increase, the flow of blood of the intestines and stomach will be reduced correspondingly, thus make the digestive function of the stomach weaken.
饭后洗澡，体表血流量会增加，胃肠道的血流量便会相应被减少，从而使肠胃的消化功能减弱。
be reduced:被减少
He believes that this equation connot be applied to heterogeneous flow.
他认为该式不能被应用到非均质流型。
be applied:被应用
He marred any plans which might be arranged for his benefit.
别人为他的利益所作的被安排，都给他弄得一塌糊涂。
be arranged:被安排
He said it was unhelpful for doctors to be biased against obese patients.
他说医生对肥胖病人有被偏见是没有好处的。
be biased:被偏见
He who for so long a time had forgotten God, began to think that miracles were possible--that the accursed cavern might be discovered by the officers of the Papal States, who would release him;
上帝有时会创造奇迹的，教皇的巡官或许会被发现这个该死的洞窟，把他释放出去，那时他就还可以用剩下五万法郎，保证他此后不致挨饿。
be discovered:被发现
Heat loss can be reduced by enclosing the boiler in walls made of firebricks.
把锅炉放在用耐火砖制成的墙中可以被减少热量的散失。
be reduced:被减少
Hence a lesson can be drawn: neither socialist revolution nor socialist construction is plain sailing, and we should be prepared to cope with the many great difficulties that may crop up at home and abroad.
由此得到教训：社会主义革命和社会主义建设都不是一帆风顺的，我们应当被准备对付国际国内可能发生的许多重大困难。
be prepared:被准备
Here's an article discussing a possible new way of treating allergy. You may be interested in it.
这是一篇讨论过敏症新疗法的文章，你可能被感兴趣吧。
be interested:被感兴趣
His philosophy can be summed up in three words: "Follow your bliss.
他的哲学观可以用这几个字来被总结，即“追随天赐之福”。
be summed:被总结
Holders of shares, as owners, have legal powers to vote on the accounts, appoint directors and auditors and must be provided with a wide range of information.
股东作为公司的所有者，在法律上有权参与利润分配、指派董事和审计员，而且公司必须向股东被提供详尽全面的经营情况报告。
be provided:被提供
Hormon-dependent tumour may sometimes be controlled by the artificial administration or deprivation of hormons.
依赖激素的肿瘤有时可用人为的服用或去除激素的方法得到被控制。
be controlled:被控制
Hormone-dependent tumour may sometimes be controlled by the artificial administration or deprivation of hormones
依赖激素的肿瘤有时可用人为的服用或去除的方法得到被控制。
be controlled:被控制
Hotfix Installer has successfully completed applying the patch to the selected instance. Please back up your system database files when all instances are patched. The computer must be rebooted for the changes to take effect.
热修复安装程序已成功地对选择的实例应用了修补程序。在修补所有实例时，请备份系统数据库文件。必须被重新启动计算机，所做的更改才能生效。
be rebooted:被重新启动
However one must be prepared to receive the movement through ascension.
不过你必须被准备好在提升中接受此运动。
be prepared:被准备
However these ba ck-up copies may not be provided to other persons by any means.
但这些备份复制品不得通过任何方式被提供给他人使用。
be provided:被提供
However, I applaud the reasonable reply by the National Parks Board to a suggestion that dogs be banned from the Botanical Gardens. The Board reassured park-visitors of their basic rights, declaring that it would not forbid them to bring along their pets.
针对国家公园局答复有关“被禁止携狗进入植物园”建议，确定不会被禁止公众携狗进入植物园，并对该局合理的回复，晓以游园者的基本权利，我深表赞同。
be banned:被禁止
However, compared to foreign hotels, a standardized management without deliver system of customer experience value will meet with the bottleneck some time. The further development of hotels' competitive power will be restricted if a deliver system of customer experience cannot be launched.
但是,通过和国外酒店的比较发现,那些高星级酒店在完成了服务规范化后,如果仅仅加强规范管理,不建立完整的顾客体验价值交付体系,不想办法努力提高顾客体验价值,那么服务质量的提高必然会遇到瓶颈,被限制酒店竞争力的进一步发展。
be restricted:被限制
However, our applications can be designed to better accommodate the way humans think about such things—the technical goal of data integrity should not be our users’ problem to solve.
无论如何，软件是可以被设计成能够适应人类思维方式的，数据完整性这一技术要求不应该变成需要求使用者解决的问题。
be designed:被设计
However, the automobile environment is noisy, and it is not clear that verbalizing a command, especially if it needs to be repeated or corrected for, is any less cognitively demanding than pressing a button.
不过，由于汽车的环境可能比较噪声很大，有时很难识别语音命令，有时需要被重复或者更正，这就没有按键来得准确。
be repeated:被重复
Hynix announced today that a board of directors composed of nine members will be led by two executive officers, Woo Eui-je, former president of Korea Exchange Bank, a Hynix creditor bank, and Park Sang-ho, the current Hynix executive officer.
Hynix今天宣布，共有九名成员的董事会将由两位执行长被领导，即Hynix债权人韩国外换银行前总裁WooEui-je和Hynix现任执行长ParkSang-Ho。
be led:被领导
I am sure I should not be disappointed in the panorama spread out before me, for to me it would be a vision of another world.
我确信，我对展现在我面前的景观不会被失望，因为它对我来说是另一个世界的景象。
be disappointed:被失望
I be pleased with your general agency offer and be quite willing to work for you.
我很被高兴贵公司所提供的总代理人职务，并且愿意为贵方工作。
be pleased:被高兴
I believe that our entire Party and our people of all nationalities will be satisfied with our decisions.
我相信，全党全国各族人民对这次全会的决定是被满意的。
be satisfied:被满意
I bore down hard on the fact my shop boss was Servo trained and held my breath for fear I'd be asked how many men I had.
我强调我的工场管理人在塞尔伏受过训练的事实，可是我又紧张得恐怕有人被问我到底有多少工人。
be asked:被问
I can guarantee that you will be satisfied with the result.
我保证你会对这个结果被满意。
be satisfied:被满意
If the MOVE CONVERSATION statement is not the first statement in a batch or stored procedure, the preceding statement must be terminated with a semicolon (;), the Transact-SQL statement terminator.
如果MOVE CONVERSATION语句不是批或存储过程中的第一个语句,则在它前面的语句必须用分号(;)结尾,分号是Transact-SQL语句的被终止符。
be terminated:被终止
If the RECEIVE statement is not the first statement in a batch or stored procedure, the preceding statement must be terminated with a semicolon (;), the Transact-SQL statement terminator.
如果RECEIVE语句不是批处理中或存储过程中的第一条语句,则前面的语句必须以Transact-SQL语句被终止符分号(;)被终止。
be terminated:被终止
Front loading can be avoided if moderate adjustment today comes with further savings in the future.
如果今天的温和调整伴以未来的开支进一步节省，就可以被避免前置型调整。
be avoided:被避免
He was a wretch to be hated and chastised by every champion of woman.
他这个坏蛋理应遭到一切尊重妇女的人的被憎恨和谴责。
be hated:被憎恨
The collar comes off this shirt and can be washed separately.
这件衬衫的领子可以拿下来分别被洗。
be washed:被洗
Corporate crime — committed by businesses — should not be confused with white - collar crime, which refers to the occupation of the perpetrator and may...
公司犯罪不应与白领犯罪被混淆，后者指的是犯罪者的职业，其罪行可能是针对企业的。
be confused:被混淆
The right of individuals or collectives to undertake operation by contract shall be protected by law.
个人或者集体的承包经营权，受法律被保护。
be protected:被保护
Two CMRD 6263 DO devices can also be configured for full wave bridge rectification.
两个CMRD6263DO设备也可以被配置为全波整流桥。
be configured:被配置
Your shoulders should be relaxed and slightly rolled back and down.
你的肩膀要被放松，稍稍地向后和向下。
be relaxed:被放松
He is now a full member and will be protected by the organisation.
他现在已是一名正式成员了，将受到组织的被保护。
be protected:被保护
Gate roller type chain stopper to be provided for each chain.
每个锚链被提供闸刀式止链器。
be provided:被提供
Drag to indicate a selection. Shape can be configured as a check mark or a cross.
通过拖动指示选择. 形状可被配置为对勾或叉号。
be configured:被配置
Fund buying is a long - term investment, the Fund's performance should be sustained is an important consideration.
购买基金是一种长期投资行为，基金业绩的被持续性应该是一个重要的考虑因素。
be sustained:被持续
Don't be fooled by claims that color - matched waxes can remove scratches.
别被愚蠢的跟人家说，有颜色的蜡可以去除划痕。
be fooled:被愚蠢
The flame in the furnace can be looked at through coloured glasses.
可以通过有色眼镜观被看高炉内的火焰。
be looked:被看
The wall must be protected against chemical attack from highly corrosive components of the combusting gases.
必须把室壁被保护起来以防止来自燃气的高度腐蚀性成分的化学侵蚀。
be protected:被保护
Nice Combobox with graphics code integrity, and can be used directly.
尼斯与图形组合框源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
But the smart antenna technology be applied in 3 G, it can quite good solute this question.
而智能天线技术被应用在3G中能比较好的解决这一问题。
be applied:被应用
The mass should be evaluated for size, shape, texture, tenderness, fixation to skin or chest wall.
应被评估肿块的大小，形状，质地，压痛，于皮肤或胸壁的固定度。
be evaluated:被评估
To be packed in seaworthy wooden case with tin - lining and hoops.
以坚固、适于海运的木箱被包装，内衬锡板，外加铁箍。
be packed:被包装
These desks and seats can be adjusted to the height of any child.
这些桌椅可随儿童身高来被调整。
be adjusted:被调整
Foods rich in vitamins and minerals will be provided to children and women of child - bearing age.
按照新批准的计划，维生素和矿物质含量多的食品将被提供给儿童和育龄妇女。
be provided:被提供
His dearest friends could not be dissatisfied with such commendation as that.
他的最亲密的朋友也不会对这样的称赞感到被不满意。
be dissatisfied:被不满意
The adaptability of modified GAB to other agricultural products will be studied further.
修正模型GAB对其他物料的适应性，还有待进一步被研究。
be studied:被研究
By the end of 2004, the restriction to foreign enterprises will be cancelled in commodity circulation.
2004年底之前，我国将被取消在商业领域对外资企业的大部分限制。
be cancelled:被取消
Only the nonagglomerating coal can be used in this kind of gasifier.
这类气化炉只能被使用非粘结性的煤。
be used:被使用
But for the next baby's premium expenditure can be extracted from the common fund.
但是对于未来宝宝的保费支出可从共同资金中被提取。
be extracted:被提取
In hybrids the two chimpanzee chromosomes can be expected to undergo independent segregation.
在杂种细胞中，黑猩猩的两个染色体可以发生自由分离，这是可被预料的。
be expected:被预料
Please not that the documents have to be translated into Chines if they in foreign languages.
以上文件若以外文书就，请附中文被翻译件。
be translated:被翻译
And a more scientific litigation system for commonweal should be designed so fill the gap.
同时，可以在立法上被设计更科学的公益诉讼制度来填补相应的空白。
be designed:被设计
It'should be emphasized that the communities grew out of a unique situation.
应当被强调的是，这种社团产生于一种独特的背景。
be emphasized:被强调
It may be conserved by the growth of a community or of a state.
它可能会由于一个社会或国家的发展而得以被保存。
be conserved:被保存
The mixture of Putty and Hardener should be used up before gelling.
原子灰与固化剂混合后，要在凝固前被使用完毕。
be used:被使用
Geraldine - Construction zone will be defined beforehand, near the cities.
Geraldine ?建筑区是提前被定义的，它们在城市附近。
be defined:被定义
ISP 1362 circuit gerber file complete code can be used directly.
ISP1362电路迪葛柏尔档案完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
The thread could be implemented by runnable interface or by inheriting from the Thread class.
线程可以被执行调用可运行接口或从线程类继承.前者是较为有利。
be implemented:被执行
The thread could be implemented by using runnable interface or by inheriting from the Thread class.
线程可以被执行调用可运行接口或从线程类继续.前者是较为有利。
be implemented:被执行
Gibbons said Brown's charge could eventually be reduced to a misdemeanor if he completes his sentence.
吉本斯说，布朗的指控最终可能被减少到轻罪，如果他完成对他的判决。
be reduced:被减少
According to the classification of civil building engineering, building materials should be choosed properly.
要根据民用建筑工程的分类合理被选择建筑主体材料和装饰材料。
be choosed:被选
The techno - economic scheme should be optimized after analyzing product competitio n by cost and fees.
根据可行性研究阶段竞争力分析的特点和目的，提出以产品竞争力分析为主，通过分析影响产品成本费用的因素，进一步被优化技术经济方案。
be optimized:被优化
With a compiler, a given source statement may be converted to any number of machine - level instructions.
但对于编译程序，一个源语句可以被转换任意数目的机器指令。
be converted:被转换
Whether in Old English or Modern English, C (complementizer) has to be filled in interrogatives.
无论是古英语还是现代英语，其构成疑问句时，主语之前必须有被填充词。
be filled:被填充
They say that biological life is too complex to be explained by natural selection.
他们称生物的生命是如此复杂，是无法用自然选择来被解释的。
be explained:被解释
Calibration enabled will be displayed in RUN - TIME CHROMATOGRAM MENU.
校验激活被显示在实时分析菜单里。
be displayed:被显示
Model 07 - S should be installed at the fire sprinkler service connection to the main line.
型号07-S应该被安装在连接到主管道的消防喷淋系统处。
be installed:被安装
When too many laborers arrived to be absorbed on the East Coast, they could usually move on to farmland in the interior and be productively absorbed in that part of the economy.
当来到东海岸的工人太多，当地被吸收不了时，他们通常可以迁移到内地的农田上去从事农业生产。
be absorbed:被吸收
The greater a component, the less of that color will be displayed in the shadow.
成分值越大，该成分的颜色将在阴影中被显示得越少。
be displayed:被显示
It was believed that nobody could be harmed - by drinking the contents of a unicorn's horn.
据认为，任何人都无法受到被伤害 - 由饮用水的内容，一个麒麟的角。
be harmed:被伤害
The magnitude of each type of noise listed above can be computed from elementary statistical principles.
上列各种类型的噪声的大小可用基本统计学原理来被计算。
be computed:被计算
Goalies may be returned to the area in front of the goal.
守门员可以被返回到球门前的区域。
be returned:被返回
He expected Godwin to be elected President but as it happened, he backed the wrong horse.
他预料戈德温将被当选总统，事实上他完全估计错了。
be elected:被当选
Results The computer digital image had higher resolution and could easily be edited and managed.
结果计算机采集图像分辨率高，被编辑、管理方便，打印照片清晰，资料可永久保存。
be edited:被编辑
However, each installation should be evaluated for its own recirculation requirements of gpm and pipe resistance.
但是，每次安装都需要对再循环要求的流量和管道对流体的阻力进行被评估。
be evaluated:被评估
The intensity of a moment can be increased with cinematography and editing, not just with performance.
强度的时刻，可以被增加与摄影和编辑，而不只是与表现。
be increased:被增加
Burns can often be cured by grafting on skin from another part of the same body.
烧伤常常可以用移植身体其它部位的皮肤来被治愈。
be cured:被治愈
Some form of concessionary assistance will be needed by developing countries to finance stock acquisition.
发展中国家被需要某种形式的优惠援助，以便为储备积累筹集资金。
be needed:被需要
It could all be explained quite simply and conclusively by accepting the existence of atoms.
只要承认有原子存在，所有问题都能简单、彻底的得到被解释。
be explained:被解释
Not on any account shall the safe be opened without my express orders.
没有我明确的指示，无论如何不能被打开保险箱。
be opened:被打开
The cables can be used in places contaminated by mineral oil and fuel oil.
电缆可在受矿物油和燃料油污染的场合被使用。
be used:被使用
Grist: How do you think drinking water should be managed and distributed?
问: 您对于饮用水的被管理及分配有何见解?
be managed:被管理
Conditional Control Transfer allowed the program sequence to be stopped and started again at any point.
条件控制转移使程序序列可以在任何一点被停止或再次启动。
be stopped:被停止
The cone shape can be described by analyzing pressure distribution around a well.
通过研究近井的压力分布被描述油井附近的水锥形态。
be described:被描述
GTK in embedded systems a complete source code can be used directly.
GTK的嵌入式系统的一个完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
A Guide to English Grammar is to be published next month.
《英语语法指南》下个月就要被出版了。
be published:被出版
They will not be ridiculed of and their confidences will be honored.
他们不会被嘲笑对方，这种信任是值得尊敬的。
be ridiculed:被嘲笑
Unloading confining pressure tests could be controlled by stress and deformation.
卸荷试验包括应力被控制和变形被控制两种方法。
be controlled:被控制
Certain items may be supplied on a sale or return basis.
某些产品以寄售的形式被提供。
be supplied:被提供
Multi - agent negotiation discussed in this research can be applied distributed application fields including agent - based virtual market.
最后，基于智能主体的虚拟市场是被应用本文协商研究理论的实际被应用。
be applied:被应用
Background - Abnormal intercellular communication caused by connexin dysfunction may be involved in atrial fibrillation (AF).
背景 - 连接蛋白功能失调导致的细胞间信号交流异常可能被参与心房颤动 (房颤) 的发生。
be involved:被参与
Your job will be stored in the printer as if it is an electronic file cabinet.
您的作业会被储存在打印机上，好像打印机是电子文件柜。
be stored:被储存
For filter roles, the administrator configures a file extension to be handled by a filter application.
过滤器角色，管理员配置过滤应用程序被处理文件扩展名。
be handled:被处理
She considered it important that everything should be finished by eight.
她认为在8点以前把所有的事情被完成很重要。
be finished:被完成
I agree that the packaging and contents of the consignments may be examined for security reasons.
本人及本公司均同意所付之货物或包裹可因保安理由接受被检查。
be examined:被检查
The cabinets must be installed by the buyer or its consignor.
由买方或其委托方进行被安装运输和实施被安装。
be installed:被安装
When you enter console mode you will be greeted with a login screen.
当你进入控制台模式下，您将与一个登录屏幕的被欢迎。
be greeted:被欢迎
Anyone who gambles the exchange has to be prepared to lose money.
任何股票投机者都必须做好输钱的被准备。
be prepared:被准备
The fate of the game will be decided in the final cut of the cards.
这局牌的命运将由最后的切牌被决定。
be decided:被决定
Similar to # 6, a temporary object may need to be constructed and this construction might throw.
类似于 # 6，可能会需要被构造一个临时对象，被构造操作中可能会抛出异常。
be constructed:被构造
It can be used on completion of construction and after final checks.
它可以在建设完成验收后被使用。
be used:被使用
The first quarter of financial disclosure will be started next month.
第一季度财报将从下月被开始陆续披露。
be started:被开始
He can usually be contacted at his place of business / work.
通常可在他的办公[工作]地点和他被联系。
be contacted:被联系
If the load excees 15 A, The load must be controlled via contactor.
如果负载电流超过15A，应选用接触器进行被控制。
be controlled:被控制
The historicist contends that the experimental method cannot be applied to the social sciences.
历史决定论者争辩说，实验的方法不能被应用于社会科学。
be applied:被应用
The English program will be continued at the same time next Saturday.
下周六同一时间将被继续播出这个英语节目。
be continued:被继续
The technical innovation will be continued with the help of some experts.
这项技术革新将在一些专家的帮助下被继续进行。
be continued:被继续
School notice: The lifts must not be used during Fire Drill.
学校通告: 在消防演习期间禁止被使用电梯。
be used:被使用
Here, the condensate continues to be heated by the rising hot vapors; it vaporizes once more.
此时，上升的被热蒸气使冷凝物继续受被热，并再一次汽化。
be heated:被热
Gaskets or other sealing elements shall be used with all removable heads.
所有活动盖都必须被使用垫圈或其他密封件。
be used:被使用
These people say one thing and do another and may be called double - dealers in constitutional government.
他们是嘴里一套，手里又是一套，这个被叫做宪政的两面派。
be called:被叫
Chronic glaucoma can be treated with drugs that contract the pupil.
慢性青光眼的被治疗可用缩瞳药使水样液的外流增加以降低眼内压。
be treated:被治疗
The term can be applied on various scales, from small ponds to the whole planet.
这个名词可被应用于不同范围，从小池塘乃至到整个地球。
be applied:被应用
The blade angle of controllable pitch propeller should be examined and adjusted.
可变螺距螺旋浆的桨叶需要被检查与调整。
be examined:被检查
All this will not be finished in the first one hundred days.
所有这一切，不会在头100天里被完成。
be finished:被完成
Energy can be released and intense convective activity and maybe thunder storms are likely to develop.
能量能够被释放，强对流活动和雷暴就可能发展。
be released:被释放
The second the Match will be commenced on 20:30 or 10 minutes after the first session.
初赛第二场赛事定于20:30或第一场赛事完结后10分钟被开始。
be commenced:被开始
Chinese dishes can be cooked on site, with the daily productive capacity of 8000 shares.
中式快餐提供现场被烹调，日生产能力8000份。
be cooked:被烹调
According to my schedule, the project will be finished next week.
(根据我的时间表，计画将在下周被完成.)
be finished:被完成
The sound has to be coordinated with the words on the screen.
声音必须与屏幕上的字被协调一致。
be coordinated:被协调
Should sports classes be sacrificed in High School so students Academic subjects?
您赞成被牺牲中学生的在校运动课程，以转移至主科得课程吗?
be sacrificed:被牺牲
Discount will be offered to members participating in the School organized activities.
会员可享有易妙研习舍被提供的活动费用折扣优惠。
be offered:被提供
The subject and predicate nominal must be connected by a linking verb, also called copula.
主语和名词性述语之间必须用连系动词被连接，连系动词也称为系动词。
be connected:被连接
Each hard copy book will be printed with a soft cover.
每本硬皮书被印刷出版时都会带个软书皮。
be printed:被印刷
All copyright and other proprietary notices shall be retained on all reproductions.
对于所有的复制品，被保留所有的著作权和其他专有权通知。
be retained:被保留
And all mysteries which cannot be analyzed by the rules of science!
以及所有科学法则无法被分析的奥秘的根基!
be analyzed:被分析
The data excavation technique can be applied in various engineering and science data analysis.
数据挖掘技术可被应用于各种工程与科学数据分析。
be applied:被应用
The securities can be converted at will by a bank to raise its core capital levels.
银行可以在任何时候被转换这些证券以提高核心资本水平。
be converted:被转换
The changed stance, which follows intense lobbying by the banks, will be criticised by hardline reformers.
银行的大力游说促使该委员会转变了立场，这将招致强硬的改革派人士的被批评。
be criticised:被批评
Corporate crime — committed by businesses — should not be confused with white - collar crime, which refers to the occupation of the perpetrator and may be directed
公司犯罪不应与白领犯罪被混淆，后者指的是犯罪者的职业，其罪行可能是针对企业的。
be confused:被混淆
Today's flexible jobs markets allow oil shocks to be absorbed less harmfully.
而目前灵活的就业市场能够被吸收石油价格震荡的影响，使其伤害没有原来大。
be absorbed:被吸收
Small businesses would also be helped by deferring the increase corporation tax from 21% to 22%.
小企业也将得到被帮助，政府将延迟从21%到22%的公司税上调征收时间。
be helped:被帮助
Ingenious circuits can be designed that correct for changes in the receiver sensitivity.
被设计灵敏的电路，以便校正接收机灵敏度的变化。
be designed:被设计
The blouses will be packed in plastic bags, each four dozens in a corrugated cardboard box.
女衫用塑料袋被包装，每四打装一瓦楞纸箱。
be packed:被包装
The contract says the work must be completed with all possible haste.
合同上写明这项工作必须尽快被完成。
be completed:被完成
Two more foot rests and handgrips should be installed at the entrance of the small hatchcover.
在小舱口盖的进口处再被安装两只踏步和拉手。
be installed:被安装
Egg racks and trays must be washed and disinfected before leaving hatchery.
蛋架和蛋盘在搬出孵化房前必须清被洗并消毒。
be washed:被洗
Four functions will be studied adding science cost, dropping cost, cost veto and advertisement effecting.
分别从科技计入成本，降低成本时的考虑，成本否决观念及广告效应几方面加以被研究。
be studied:被研究
When choosing cost drivers, the following factors should be considered carefully.
在选择成本动因时，下列因素应该认真加以被考虑。
be considered:被考虑
You could get married, have a kid, and be divorced now in four years.
现在，在四年之内，你可以结婚，生个孩子，被离婚。
be divorced:被离婚
The actual costs incurred would be compared projected costs in the budget.
实际费用加以被比较，预计费用在财政预算案中。
be compared:被比较
The sea grass can't be dyed due to its natural characteristics.
由于其天然特性，水草不能被染色。
be dyed:被染色
Cottonseed cakes must be used very carefully, because they contain toxins.
由于棉饼中包含有毒成分，所以一定要谨慎被使用。
be used:被使用
High damping rubber bearing (HDR) is starting to be used in bridge engineering in China.
目前高阻尼橡胶支座在国内桥梁工程建设中被使用尚处于起步阶段。
be used:被使用
The head of the workshop ordered that the work should be finished in two days.
车间主任下令这项工作必须在两天之内被完成。
be finished:被完成
The reason that the kind of environment tableware couldnot be produced in quantity is pointed out.
指出了这类餐具至今不能大规模被生产的主要原因。
be produced:被生产的
Article 31 Thethethe following records to be inspected by the Atomic Energy Counci 1.
第31条安全管制之核物料之持有人或使用人，应为左列记录存档，以备原子能委员会被检查。
be inspected:被检查
The rise and sets of cresent and gibbous phase can be estimated in the same way.
蛾眉日和凸月的长落时刻，可以用同样的方法被估计。
be estimated:被估计
Other switching products will be designed to support gigabits of throughput across multiple ports.
其它的交换产品将被设计成在多个端口上支持千兆位吞吐量。
be designed:被设计
Vaccination should be offered to healthcare personnel free of charge at times and locations are convenient.
医护人员接种疫苗应该免费，应被提供多次接种的机会和就近接种的便利。
be offered:被提供
Endocarditis should be considered in any patient with an unexplained fever and a heart murmur.
任何一个出现不明热和心脏杂音的病人都应被考虑是否有心内膜炎。
be considered:被考虑
They can be heated and shaped as many times as required.
它们可以根据要求多次地加被热成型。
be heated:被热
It can be used in hostile environment and weather, with good property of water - proof and heat - proof.
防水及耐高低温、高湿性能好，可在各种恶劣环境和气候条件下被使用。
be used:被使用
Heat transfer by radiation must also be considered in rocks at very high temperatures.
如果岩体的温度很高，辐射传热也必须予以被考虑。
be considered:被考虑
It can be applied to many domains such aswireless communications, VoIP, secure communications.
它在无线通信，IP电话，保密通信等诸多领域具有重要被应用。
be applied:被应用
Securities lending allows temporarily illiquid securities to be loaned to investors.
债券被借贷将本来暂时不流动的债券出借给需要债券的投资者。
be loaned:被借贷
This option is a significant security vulnerability because updates can be accepted from untrusted sources.
因为可以被接受来自非信任源的更新，此选项是一个较大的安全弱点。
be accepted:被接受
It can be used to identify which parts of your Java program are lacking test coverage.
它可能被使用辨认哪您的Java程序的部份缺乏测试覆盖范围。
be used:被使用
Everything seen or heard should be recorded - on paper or by a tape machine.
看见或听到的每件事情应该被记录下来 - 用书面形式或在磁带录音机被记录下列。
be recorded:被记录
Calcium gluconate gel can be massaged into skin while flushing with water.
当用水冲洗时，用葡萄糖酸钙凝胶被按摩皮肤。
be massaged:被按摩
Chelsea wheat allergies, the wedding will be prepared vegetarian menu and gluten - free cake.
切尔西对小麦过敏，婚礼将被准备素食菜单和无麸质蛋糕。
be prepared:被准备
Grouping will also be needed for the crafting of some large items.
一些大宗物品的制造被需要由工匠公会完成。
be needed:被需要
You will be helped by them to go over your lessons.
你将得到他们的被帮助来温习功课。
be helped:被帮助
It may be called self - evolution or self - change.
这也许可以被叫做自我进化或自我改造。
be called:被叫
Using this system, large quantity of engineering investigation maps can be managed safely, credibly and conveniently.
系统的实现为所在单位大量的岩土工程勘察图件提供了一个安全、可靠、使用方便的被管理模式。
be managed:被管理
Under this new policy, credit growth would be controlled via the price rather the quantity money.
在这一新的政策下，政府将通过提高贷款成本而非限制贷款规模来被控制贷款增速。
be controlled:被控制
Truck creels require that floor space be reserved for the empty creel.
使用移动式筒子架时，需要为空筒子架被保留占地。
be reserved:被保留
The strongly implicit method may be described heuristically in the following manner.
强隐含法可按下列方式启发性地被描述。
be described:被描述
International Physics Olympiad, will be arranged for the high achieving students in both contests.
每组比赛中表现优异的学生将获被安排参加为期约一年的物理培训。
be arranged:被安排
Myth 5: The more thick the better sleep mask deposition be absorbed in one night.
误区 5: 睡眠面膜敷得越厚越好，可以在一晚上被吸收。
be absorbed:被吸收
It will be a while before critical mission information will be deployed across intranets.
关键任务的信息能在内部网上被部署还需时日。
be deployed:被部署
High build, rust preventive primer to be used with or without a topcoat.
高固含防锈底漆.可与面漆配套被使用或单独被使用。
be used:被使用
Fertilization rate can be reduced from 15% to 20% at equal crop yield.
等产量情况下，可被减少肥料投入量15%～20%。
be reduced:被减少
This system has widespread adaptability, high intelligence and suit to be used in production field.
该系统具有适应性广，智能化程度高又能适应生产现场被使用的优点。
be used:被使用
Dual Check Valve with Atmospheric Vent shall be installed at referenced cross - connections.
带排气口的双止回阀应该被安装在相关的交叉连接处。
be installed:被安装
Children with mild can be treated at home, rest, to avoid cross - infection.
轻症患儿可在家中被治疗、苏息，避免交叉感染。
be treated:被治疗
O negative group specific blood can be used if cross matched blood is not available.
如果没有交叉配血检查，可被使用O型阴性血。
be used:被使用
Call cutt report, a government - backed investigation into housing supply will be published in the autumn.
这个由政府支持调查房地产业需求的财政报告将会在秋天被出版。
be published:被出版
Semi - structured data can be wrapped into structured data by the algorithm of structured list data extraction.
结构化列表的抽取可以将半结构的数据通过抽取算法被包装为一个结构化的数据对象。
be wrapped:被包装
Cleaner be used in circulation and high utilization, vapor and water is also very save relatively.
洗涤剂可循环被使用，利用率高，蒸汽和水也比较节省。
be used:被使用
The varieties of damping behavior can be explained by dislocation model of Granato and L ü cke.
研究表明合金的阻尼行为可以用G-L位错钉扎理论被解释。
be explained:被解释
But the race could be decided hand full a handful of highly contested states.
但是选举结果由少数几个具有竞争力的州(的选票)来被决定。
be decided:被决定
Stress seems to be caused by highly technical, highly rushed modern way of life.
看起来压力是由高科技，高节奏的现代生活方式所被引起的。
be caused:被引起的
Through cryopreserving and thawing, human red blood cells can be conserved for a long time.
红细胞的冰冻与解冻的实施为血液的长期被保存提供了有效的方法。
be conserved:被保存
With lamplight and ultraviolet radiation disinfection that can be controlled separately.
设有日光照明和紫外线消毒双重功能，并独立被控制，可分别单独使用。
be controlled:被控制
Suitable for visous, strong corrosive or easy to be crystallized media.
适于测量腐蚀性较强，且粘稠或易被结晶的介质的压力。
be crystallized:被结晶
Moreover. shifts in protein conformation could be analyzed in physiological environments to complement crystallography.
此外. 在生理环境中对蛋白质结构变化的被分析可以补充结晶学的不足。
be analyzed:被分析
The components to be considered in this book include boulders, gravel, sand, silt and clay.
本书所被考虑的组成部分包括漂砾，砾石，砂，粉土和粘土。
be considered:被考虑
Therefore, CSD may be triggered by either neurotologic or psychiatric conditions.
因此，慢性主观性眩晕可能由精神疾病或神经疾病被触发。
be triggered:被触发
Book supports will be provided by Division staff for bound items.
图书馆员将为您被提供阅读支架以便使用装订的文献。
be provided:被提供
Secondly, Ca absorption could be inhibited by 2,4 - DNP with an inhibition rate of about 70 - 90%.
2，4—二硝基酸可被抑制荚果钙素吸收速率，其被抑制率达70—92%。
be inhibited:被抑制
The standard procedure for such appeal will be provided by DNV upon request by the Customer.
DNV可应客户的要求，向客户被提供这类上诉的一般程序资料。
be provided:被提供
Enterprise Server software must be installed before you start the domain.
你必须确保服务器已经正确被安装好。
be installed:被安装
This is quite simple and can be mastered by the greenest amateur.
这十分简单，最次的菜鸟也会被掌握。
be mastered:被掌握
Grid based Search Engine source code integrity, and can be used directly.
基于网格搜索引擎源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
CBF series are able to be applied to large current DC power line.
CBF系列的晶片能够被应用于大电流的直流电源信号线。
be applied:被应用
Inventory control system source code integrity, and can be used directly.
库存控制系统的源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
All components can be used individually, in predetermined sets, or in a customer defined matrix.
所有组件可以单独被使用，在预定的设置，或在某个客户的定义矩阵。
be used:被使用
Security principal objects can only be created inside domain naming contexts.
安全主要对象仅能在域命名环境菜单中被创建。
be created:被创建
A rudder carrier to be provided on the steering gear room floor.
为舵机室地板被提供一个舵杆轴承。
be provided:被提供
Still, many of these women can be helped by sex therapy.
尽管如此，许多这样的女性仍然可以从性治疗师那里得到被帮助。
be helped:被帮助
Teachers in universities should be graded according the artistic thinking and not by corruption or guanxi!
在大学里的教师应该按照艺术思维划被分级别，而不是按照什么贿赂和所谓的关系。
be graded:被分级
These doors are made in pieces that can be folded away against the wall.
这些门都是几块拼成的，可以被折叠起来靠在墙上。
be folded:被折叠
Samples to be irradiated would be packaged in a cylinder like this.
要经过被照射处理的样本会装在这样的圆柱中。
be irradiated:被照射
Drag to add editable selection shape that can be configured a check mark or a cross.
通过拖动可添加可被配置为复选符或叉号的可编辑选择形状。
be configured:被配置
Disrupted actin cytoskeleton could be recovered by removal of the VD - toxin before the nucleoli were dyed.
在核仁能够看见以前，即核仁开始着色以前将毒素除去，可以使已经破坏的周质微丝骨架被恢复过来。
be recovered:被恢复
Through the related factor of the share ownership, different stock projects can be designed for encouragement.
通过对股权激励相关因素的具体规定和不同组合，可以被设计出不同的股权激励方案。
be designed:被设计
This review process will acquaint the DBA the data that will be contained the database.
评审过程将使DBA熟悉数据库所要被包含的数据。
be contained:被包含
Degree and above qualification. Those with double major in HR and Finance will be considered first.
本科或以上学历. 会优先被考虑人力资源和金融双学位者。
be considered:被考虑
The bump stores great pressure. The machine tool can be operated with multi house and gunstock.
帮浦蓄压大，母机可作多组胶管与枪体被操作。
be operated:被操作
No doubt they will be delighted to take care of him.
没问题，他们会很被高兴照顾他的。
be delighted:被高兴
So, gyros alone can't be used to keep in an aircraft in a particular orientation.
因此，单独被使用陀螺仪也无法保持飞机的特定航向。
be used:被使用
And there are plenty of reasons to be worried about a deflationary downward spiral.
但是，我们有足够的理由被担心会出现一次紧缩的螺旋式下降。
be worried:被担心
Get file data information source code integrity, and can be used directly.
获取文件的数据信息源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
A key problem of oilfield data integration is that data cannot be exchanged among isomeric databases.
异构数据库之间不能流畅地被交换数据是油田数据集成的主要瓶颈之一。
be exchanged:被交换
However, data source controls can be extended to support asynchronous data retrieval and data operations.
但是，数据源控件可被扩展为支持异步数据检索和数据操作。
be extended:被扩展
And she knew that this was utterly wrong, knew she should be shocked and infuriated.
她知道这可能完全错了，她应当感到被震惊和愤怒才是。
be shocked:被震惊
Datasheet of SR 87 Module source code integrity, and can be used directly.
数据表的SR87模块的源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
This can be explained by two major differences of the 800 V drain - source voltage waveform.
这里有两条理由可以被解释800伏特漏源极电压波形的两个差异。
be explained:被解释
If any undated cheques are mistakenly accepted, the date stamp can be used to insert it.
如果误收没有填写日期的支票，可被使用日期戳盖上日期。
be used:被使用
Remember what should be remembered and forget what shold be forgetten.
被记住该被记住的，忘记该忘记的。
be remembered:被记住
Grease block sketch of Drawworks was confirmed, the mounting will be completed before rig delivery.
绞车润滑油路图已确认，润滑系统的安装在出厂前被完成。
be completed:被完成
Ji Feng Zhuankai Jijinkexiang, H & Q Asia Pacific Fund will be terminated today, turned Index Fund.
继基金科翔封转开之后，基金汉鼎也将于今日被终止上市，变身指数基金。
be terminated:被终止
Someday, perhaps, homes will be heated from a small reactor in the basement.
有那么一天，家庭也将依靠地下室里的小型反应堆来供被热。
be heated:被热
All the cases can be considered within the framework of the existing rules.
一切情况都可依据现行章程的结构加以被考虑。
be considered:被考虑
The book will be indexed in the next edition so as to make it more useful.
为了使它更实用，这本书在下一版本中将编有被索引。
be indexed:被索引
There is a stack of dishes to be washed in the kitchen.
厨房里还有一大堆盘子要被洗。
be washed:被洗
His medicine is a drug that can be injected or taken by mouth.
他的药可以被注射或口服。
be injected:被注射
You may be entitled to reclaim some of the tax you paid last year.
你或许被有权要求退回去年你交付的部分税金。
be entitled:被有权
Data structures are context-free because they can be used with any type of data and in a variety of situations or contexts.
因为数据结构能用于任何类型的数据，并用于多种环境中，所以数据结构与被使用环境无关。
be used:被使用
Snake people unscrupulous informants to the king, and will be designed to introduce Jiu Selu encirclement.
弄蛇人见利忘义，向国王告密，并被设计将九色鹿引入包围圈。
be designed:被设计
These nodes can be connected through 56-kbps or 64-kbps digital signaling links.
这些节点可以通过56-kbps或64-kbps的信令链路进行被连接。
be connected:被连接
In heat The power will be converted into 860 kcals heat after the operation of each hour.
按热功当量:每小时作功后被转换为860千卡热量。
be converted:被转换
General Keane says such a surge can be sustained for up to two years.
吉恩将军说，这样一次增兵能被持续两年之久。
be sustained:被持续
We made arrangements for her to be treated by a famous doctor.
我们安排好让一位有名的大夫来给她被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
Two hang head's tree top axis should be paralleled mutually in the identical level.
两挂头的梢轴相互被平行应在同一水平上。
be paralleled:被平行
See how the ASP file will be returned from the server.
看看从服务器被返回的ASP文件 里有些什么。
be returned:被返回
The above shall be submitted in A 3 text, A 1 drawing board and disks.
上述成果被提交形式为A3文本、A1图板及光盘。
be submitted:被提交
A Kemo pulls a city to be located in north of republic of Kazakstan Si Tan.
阿克莫拉州被位于哈萨克斯坦共和国北部。
be located:被位于
Rogers was slated to go in the summer, tentatively to be replaced by Kenneth Rush.
罗杰斯定于明年夏季离职，暂定由肯尼思·拉什被替换他。
be replaced:被替换
The lifeguards must be trained to deal with any sort of emergency.
救生员一定要接受被训练，学会应付各种紧急情况。
be trained:被训练
KS 0108 Driver for AVR Atmel complete source code can be used directly.
KS0108爱特梅尔的AVR驱动程序的源代码完全可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
The audit results shall be recorded in < Review Form for Certificate Transfer > (FP 0128).
评审结果应被记录于《证书转换评审表》 (FP0128)。
be recorded:被记录
The audit results shall be recorded in < Review Form for Certificate Transfer > (FP 0128 B).
评审结果应被记录于《证书转换评审表》 (FP0128B)。
be recorded:被记录
Resolving kernels and standard errors can also be computed for each block.
还可以被计算每个块体的分辨核和标准误差。
be computed:被计算
Button remote control key code decoding can be displayed on the digital edition.
可控制一些常用的设备.遥控器解码按键键码可以被显示在数码版上。
be displayed:被显示
The fission of the cell could be inhibited with certain chemicals.
细胞的裂变可以通过某些化学药品加以被抑制。
be inhibited:被抑制
It can be modified on a-2-+ 2 scale with a 0.5 step.
它可以进行被修改，对 1-2- 二规模0.5的一步。
be modified:被修改
The adoption had to be confirmed by ceremonial acceptance into the tribe.
为了被确认这种收养，必须举行入族典礼。
be confirmed:被确认
In certain situations, donating your medical services could be considered a kickback.
在一定情况下，提供医疗服务应被考虑到反扑。
be considered:被考虑
The basic content of yin-yang theory can be summarized as follows.
阴阳 理论的基本内容可被总结为以下几方面。
be summarized:被总结
The A 8 four-cylinder will likely be offered in front and all-wheel drive .
在奥迪A8四缸可能会被提供的正面和全 轮驱动。
be offered:被提供
Corporate crime — committed by businesses — should not be confused with white-collar crime, which refers to the occupation of the perpetrator and may be directed against
公司犯罪不应与 白领 犯罪被混淆，后者指的是犯罪者的职业，其罪行可能是针对企业的。
be confused:被混淆
The waste water containing radioactive tritium will be generated when the nuclear reactor is in operation.
核反应堆在工作过程中被产生大量带有放射性的含氚废水。
be generated:被产生
Better be blamed by our kith and kin, than be kissed by the enemy.
宁可让亲人被责备，切勿让敌人亲吻。
be blamed:被责备
The following table shows the system fields that can be used in ABAP programs.
下表列出了在ABAP程序中可以被使用的系统字段。
be used:被使用
Rectus abdominis flaps ought to be considered as they lower the wound complication rate.
应被考虑采用腹直肌皮瓣，可降低了伤口并发症的发生率。
be considered:被考虑
Kinematics and kinetics of knee can be calculated from the mechanical model.
通过对机构模型进行分析被计算可求解膝关节的运动及动力学参数。
be calculated:被计算
It may be launched from a runway, roadway, or a truck-mounted catapult.
它能够从一条跑道、道路或一个卡车安装弹射器被发射。
be launched:被发射
Trees can be trucked to the field in 50-gallon drums one-third full of water.
栽植果树时要把果苗泡在50加仑的大桶中加水满 1/3，用被卡车运到田里。
be trucked:被卡车
With the ease, radiation detectors can be used semi-quantitatively in the field.
被使用射线探测器可以很方便地进行野外半定量测定。
be used:被使用
An encrypted message cannot be decrypted by the destination queue manager.
加密的消息不能由目标队列管理器被解密。
be decrypted:被解密
Conclusion: Abutment tilted less than 70 degrees can be fixed and repaired.
结论: 基牙倾斜角度在70度内可以进行被固定修复。
be fixed:被固定
Kirtan would be arranged and they would spend hours in dance and devotional music.
他们会被安排唱颂圣名，花数小时去载歌载舞。
be arranged:被安排
The seven winners will be announced July 7 in Lisbon, Portugal.
获胜的七大景点将于7月7日在葡萄牙里斯本被宣布。
be announced:被宣布
Can they be trusted to look after the house while we're away?
我们不在的时候能被相信把房子交给他们照管吗?
be trusted:被相信
We also exemplify how the trust based role assignment scheme can be designed in RBAC.
最后在RBAC中被设计了一个基于信任的角色分配方案。
be designed:被设计
Metering ports and body plugs may be interchanged for improved accessibility.
测量端口和阀体塞可以被互换，以方便接近。
be interchanged:被互换
The task must be accomplished within three days and permits of no delay.
这项任务限定3天内被完成，不得拖延。
be accomplished:被完成
I used to be interested in flying kites and keeping dogs.
那时我对放风筝和养狗被感兴趣。
be interested:被感兴趣
I packed battery-operated flashlights to be used to case of power failure.
我在包里装进了被使用电池的手电筒，以备万一停电时被使用。
be used:被使用
However the agency's hand will be strengthened by a treaty that enters force on June 15 th.
然而，6月15日生效的一项条约将被加强该机构的力量。
be strengthened:被加强
The freshly abraded specimen must then be washed in industrial spirit and Analar acetone.
然后，研磨好的新鲜试样必须在工业酒精及纯丙酮中被洗涤。
be washed:被洗
KL transform, as the optimal transform, can be applied to image compression potentially.
KL变换作为最优变换在图像压缩中很有被应用潜力。
be applied:被应用
Therefore, on Acipenser sinensis should be allowed to go on sale the voice also prevalent.
因此，关于中华鲟应被允许上市销售的呼声也不绝于耳。
be allowed:被允许
Ideally, these issues should be considered before a woman becomes pregnant, the ACOG panel said.
ACOG小组称，妇女在怀孕前最好就被考虑这些问题。
be considered:被考虑
McCain also says Iraq must be prevented from acquiring a nuclear weapon.
麦凯恩还说，一定要被防止伊朗获得核武器。
be prevented:被防止
When turning the motor on, one second should be allowed after activation.
马达接通时，被允许有一秒钟的启动时间。
be allowed:被允许
Nowadays the acuity of pseudophakic patients can be restored to normal standard.
目前白内障摘出术后的人工晶状体眼视力可以被恢复到接近正常。
be restored:被恢复
According to the symbol on the label, this sweater should be washed by hand.
根据标签上的符号，这件针织套衫应该用手被洗。
be washed:被洗
Unfortunately, this adjuvant cannot be used in humans because it causes abscesses and other ill effects.
遗憾的是，由于这种佐剂能引起脓肿和其他不良的后果，所以它不能在人体内被使用。
be used:被使用
A-Fe 2 O 3 (haematite) was one of the first compounds to be studied by neutron diffraction.
A-Fe2O3(赤铁矿) 是中子衍射最先被研究的化合物之一。
be studied:被研究
ArcGIS Desktop 9.2 crack full source code can be used directly.
ArcGIS的桌面9.2裂纹全部源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
You should be prepared to talk knowledgeably about the requirements of the position for which you are applying in relation to your own professional experiences
你应该被准备有见地地去谈论你所求职位对求职者的要求，与你自身的职业经历和个人兴趣之间的联系。
be prepared:被准备
ADSL modem & broadband software need to be installed by customer.
用户需自备网络线、网络卡及自行被安装ADSL调解器 和上网软件。
be installed:被安装
Now 70-80 percent seizure can be controlled by the rational and scientific use of antiepileptics (AEDs).
癫痫的治疗主要是用药物被控制发作，合理科学地应用抗癫痫药物 (Antiepileptics，AEDs)，70%～80%癫痫患者可以得到被控制。
be controlled:被控制
At first glance, calcite might be confused with quartz where both are clear, colorless, and " glassy ".
乍一看来，方解石可能与石英相被混淆，因为两者都是透明、无色、且“呈玻璃 27 来自辞典例句
be confused:被混淆
Secondary sludge from the clarifier can be stored aerobically or anaerobically in a sludge holding tank.
二沉池中的污泥可以以厌氧或好氧方式被储存在污泥池中。
be stored:被储存
The homography between corresponding matching windows can be approximated an affine model.
两幅图像中相应特征点邻域窗口之间的单应映射可以用仿射变换模型来被近似。
be approximated:被近似
The Kalman Filter Example code integrity, and can be used directly.
卡尔曼滤波的范例源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
In 2001 Kozlowski proclaimed his desire to be remembered as the world's greatest business executive.
在2001年科兹洛夫斯基宣布，他的愿望，必须被记住，作为世界上最大的商业长官。
be remembered:被记住
Cement is to be packed in double kraft – paper bags, each containing 50 kilos.
水泥要用双层牛皮纸袋被包装，每袋装50公斤。
be packed:被包装
When the resin is exhausted, exchange capacity can be regenerated with weak alkali-ammonia solution.
当交换树脂饱和后，可用弱碱-氨溶液进行被再生。
be regenerated:被再生
The earliest automorphic functions to be studied were the elliptic modular functions.
被研究得最早的自导函数是椭圆模函数。
be studied:被研究
Emulates a Turing Machine complete source code can be used directly.
模拟图灵机完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
KDE programs will be displayed in the first available language in this list.
KDE程序将用该列表中的第一个可用语言被显示。
be displayed:被显示
The electrochemical oxidation of L-cysteine can be catalyzed by sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) admicelles.
SDS吸附胶束能够被催化L-半胱氨酸的电化学氧化过程。
be catalyzed:被催化
The turnable axles of different specification can be used with different floor spring.
备有不同规格的转轴可与各种地弹簧配合被使用。
be used:被使用
Simulation of Vocoder LPC complete source code can be used directly.
声码器的仿真委会完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
The gun on the turret could be swivelled once in a minute.
炮塔的火炮可在一分钟内被旋转一周。
be swivelled:被旋转
AIP editor for ROSE Online source code integrity, and can be used directly.
玫瑰的AIP在线编辑器的源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Can be installed on labeling bad item run, suitable for Web.
可被安装在标签机上同步运行，适合卷筒纸。
be installed:被安装
Security devices at airports are intended to spot weapons that could be used by hijackers.
机场的保安设施是用来探查劫机者可能被使用的武器的。
be used:被使用
Doctor LaBerge believes everyone can be trained to have lucid dreams.
拉伯奇博士认为，可以被训练每一个人清醒做梦。
be trained:被训练
The labour contract of unspecified duration can be terminated at will by one the contracting parties.
无固定期限劳动合同可由合同任意一方自由被终止。
be terminated:被终止
And the fiscal consequences of ageing cannot be sustained without reforming labour markets and pension systems.
不对劳动力市场与养老金体系进行改革，老龄化的财政后果将是不可被持续的。
be sustained:被持续
The perineum should be examined for contusions, hematomas, lacerations and urethral bleeding.
会阴部被检查包括是否存在:挫伤、血肿、裂伤、尿道出血等。
be examined:被检查
I don't think twelve-year-olds should be allowed to get their ears pierced.
我认为十二 岁 的孩子不应该被允许穿耳眼。
be allowed:被允许
After all, bow could a twelve-year-old boy be interested in babies?
毕竟，十二 岁 的孩子怎么会对婴儿被感兴趣呢 ?
be interested:被感兴趣
Juventus'proposed capture of Real Zaragoza stopper Gabriel Alejandro Milito may be complicated by Real Madrid.
尤文图斯的转会目标萨拉戈萨的后卫g. 米利托因为皇家马戏团的加入变得被复杂起来。
be complicated:被复杂
No child should ever be separated from his mother by force.
绝不能强行使任何一个孩子与母亲被分开。
be separated:被分开
KMP string matching method source code integrity, and can be used directly.
KMP字符串匹配方法的源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Conclusion: Alkaloids chemical constituents can be extracted and purified by this technology.
结论: 此工艺可用于生物碱类化学成分的被提取纯化。
be extracted:被提取
Her ladyship will not be pleased when she hears about this.
若夫人听说此事，会不被高兴的。
be pleased:被高兴
N o electrical or optical twinning shall be allowed in usable zones.
可用区内不被允许存在电学或光学双晶。
be allowed:被允许
This strain can be compared directly with the allowable matrix strain.
这个应变值能直接与基体容许应变被比较。
be compared:被比较
The pressure in vacuum insulation should be controlled under 2 kPa to achieve satisfying insulating effect.
为获得满意的保温效果，应将真空层绝对压力被控制在2kPa以下。
be controlled:被控制
PPO can be inhibited by heating and adding of as Vc, NaHSO 3, citric acid.
加热能被抑制多酚氧化酶活性.Vc、NaHSO3、柠檬酸能被抑制其对菊苣酸的降解。
be inhibited:被抑制
His economic policies will be described as a two-stage process-term growth.
他将经济政策被描述为一个两阶段的过程──首先是让经济摆脱衰退，然后是为 长期 增长打造基础。
be described:被描述
Any patients treated with lamivudine, entecavir, or adefovir should be reported to the respective pregnancy registry.
所有怀孕期间用拉米，恩替或阿德的孕妇都应该到药厂的相关网站登记被报告。
be reported:被报告
These factors should be considered while using the result of the high strain dyn amic test.
在采用高应变动测模拟Q～ s曲线时应被考虑这些因素的影响。
be considered:被考虑
In some more complex cases, secondary amines can be nitrated directly with nitrating mixtures.
在某些复杂的情况下，仲胺能用混合被硝化剂直接被硝化。
be nitrated:被硝化
Windowed mutual information source code integrity, and can be used directly.
窗口互信息源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Each band (EQ 1, EQ 2, EQ 3) can be used for amplifying any low, middle, high frequences.
每条带 (EQ1、EQ2，EQ3) 可以为放大所有低，中间，高频率被使用。
be used:被使用
Energy expenditure can be minimized by a properly performed above-the-knee amputation.
能量消耗可通过恰当的膝上截肢术被最小化。
be minimized:被最小化
This control method can also be applied to autonomous practical land vehicle guidance.
该技术也可被应用到实用自主车的自动导航。
be applied:被应用
The actual points at which landings were to be made would be decided that night.
登陆的确实地点，将在那天晚上被决定。
be decided:被决定
By contrast, landline phone service can be used via corded extension phones.
而固定电话则可以通过布置分机在各个房间中被使用。
be used:被使用
Just one of the Bluetooth phones can be used a time, in addition to the landline.
除了固定电话线路之外，每次只能被使用一部蓝牙手机。
be used:被使用
Certainly geothermometry will be used with greater facility in sub-soil exploration and in detecting migrant fluids.
可以肯定，地热测量法在地下勘探和测试运移流体方面更便于被使用。
be used:被使用
Irretrospective effect andover old laws the most valuable resolved way, which shall be stipulated in China.
我国理应顺应国际社会的立法潮流对此问题分别作出专门被规定。
be stipulated:被规定
A working annex can be converted to a mini-hospital with tie-down hardware for a casket.
一个工作套间可被转换成微型医院，其中装有固定灵柩用的金属紧固件。
be converted:被转换
It has been announce d that Mr. A and Miss B will be married next week.
已正式宣布A先生与B小姐将于下星期被结婚。
be married:被结婚
It has been announced that Mr. Green and Miss White will be married in October.
格林先生和怀特小姐已宣布将于10月份被结婚。
be married:被结婚
Project'% 1'could not be opened because a language-specific compiler could not be instantiated.
未能被打开“%1”，因为某个特定语言的编译器未能实例化。
be opened:被打开
It is designed for different purposes which could be connected to the desk computer or lap-top.
多用途 设计，可被连接桌上型计算机，手提电脑。
be connected:被连接
If pathogens can be designed by laptop, vaccines can be, too.
如果在电脑上就能被设计病原体，那么疫苗也可以。
be designed:被设计
Nothing can be offered now to reward Pyongyang for its deliberate provocation.
如今，由于平壤的蓄意挑衅，因此不能向其被提供任何奖励。
be offered:被提供
Results CnA α, CnA � � could be detected by RT-PCR but no CnA � �.
结果RT -PCR 可被检测到CnAα、CnAβ，未被检测到CnAγ。
be detected:被检测到
More information on healthy foods should be provided at the point of sale .
销售点应被提供更多有关健康食品的资料。
be provided:被提供
To feed a large population, inferior land must be cultivated and the good land worked intensively.
为了提供众多人口的口粮，必须被耕种贫瘠的田地，而且还得过度地使用良田。
be cultivated:被耕种
Conclusion: LOH of DCC gene may be involved in the occurrence and development of HCC.
结论: DCC基因LOH可能被参与了原发肝癌的发生发展。
be involved:被参与
Command for Modem Motorola complete source code can be used directly.
指挥现代摩托罗拉完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
The gain of the APD can be controlled by the magnitude of the reverse bias voltage.
APD的 增益可以由反向偏置电压的幅度来被控制. 反向偏置电压越大增益就越高。
be controlled:被控制
Programming APIC examples source code integrity, and can be used directly.
编程APIC例子源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Intervals larger than an octave may be expressed by numbers above eight or as compound intervals.
比八度大的音程可用比八大的数字或复音程来被表示。
be expressed:被表示
Series 719 Double Check Valve Assembly shall be installed at each noted location.
系列719双止回阀总成应该被安装在每个标注的位置上。
be installed:被安装
Conclusion The infection of HPV 16 may be related to the development of laryngopharyngeal papilloma.
结论HPV16感染可能与喉乳头状瘤的发生发展密切被相关。
be related:被相关
The head of the workshop appointed that the work should be finished in two days.
车间主任下令这项工作必须在两天之内被完成。
be finished:被完成
Today, a patient with severe stomach bleeding would be treated by a laser beam.
今天，一个有严重胃出血的病人可以用激光来被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
Sipmple iir digital filter source code integrity, and can be used directly.
SipmpleIIR数字滤波器的源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Stomach ulcers may be treated by guiding the laser light through flexible fibers.
胃溃疡可以通过把激光射入柔性纤维来被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
The PT activity in the APV containing 50 ng active PT could be detected by HST.
用HST肛温测定法可以被检测到含50ng活性PT的样品中PT活性。
be detected:被检测到
This might be called laziness, but Dr. Kleitman has a new explanation.
这也许被叫做懒惰，但是，克莱德曼医生对此作了崭新的解释。
be called:被叫
Discipline cannot be relaxed until the last day of school has passed.
纪律要一直到学校课程的最后一天后，才可被放松。
be relaxed:被放松
The arbitral tribunal shall be entitled to require security for the costs of such measures.
仲裁庭应被有权要求对此种措施的费用缴付保证金。
be entitled:被有权
The dispute shall be submitted for arbitration by a mutually nominated arbitrator.
这起纠纷应由一位双方共同指定的仲裁人被提交仲裁。
be submitted:被提交
CSHARP, ArcGis Starter Guide, a complete easy to learn the source code can be used directly.
CSHARP，ArcGIS的入门指南，一个完整的简单易学的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
ARFF units be trained on a continuous basis in command and control and primary response tactics.
飞机救援消防单位应持续性地进行指挥与控制及主要应急战术的被训练。
be trained:被训练
Cadets should be allowed to argue any question that troubles the world.
应当被允许军校学员们辩论使世界不安的任何问题。
be allowed:被允许
Late delivery will not be accepted unless anfor extension of time is granted by the court.
除非获法庭颁令批准延期，公司注册处处长不被接受逾期交付的表格。
be accepted:被接受
UART sample code for AVR source code integrity, and can be used directly.
示例代码的UART的AVR源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
UART Controller VHDL File integrity of the source code can be used directly.
的UART控制器的VHDL文件完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
UART ego for the LPC 2148 source code integrity, and can be used directly.
异步自我为LPC2148源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Conclusion The iris ciliary body cyst can be diagnosed by using UBM.
结论UBM在虹膜睫状体被诊断中独具优势，为被诊断治疗提供依据。
be diagnosed:被诊断
Conclusion ASCs could be differentiated into myocardial like cells induced by myocardial cell lysate.
结论心肌细胞裂解液可在体外诱导ASCs被分化为类心肌细胞。
be differentiated:被分化
The source tree must be isolated and growing under atypical conditions.
来源树是被孤立和生长在非典型条件下。
be isolated:被孤立
UHF RFID Reader Program code integrity, and can be used directly.
UHFRFID读取器程序的源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Collect User Account UID complete source code can be used directly.
收集用户帐户的UID完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
All cancellation requests will be authorised and processed by Barclay Card.
所有解除申请须由巴克莱银行被授权及处理。
be authorised:被授权
The error in azimuth must be controlled by astronomical observations for azimuth (and longit ude).
方位误差必须观测天文方位角 (及经度) 来被控制。
be controlled:被控制
PDM vertical mill was studied to be used to produce ultrafine slag.
针对目前球磨机粉磨超细矿渣的缺点，本文探讨被使用PDM型立磨来生产超细矿渣。
be used:被使用
Sequential stream cannot be created for uncommitted text or image data.
无法为未提交文本或图像数据被创建连续流。
be created:被创建
Series 007 may be installed in either a vertical or horizontal position.
系列007可以被安装在垂直或水平位置。
be installed:被安装
The term cardiac arrest may be defined as an unexplained and unanticipated cessation of cardiac activity.
心博骤停一词可以下被定义为原因不明，没有先兆的心脏活动停止。
be defined:被定义
A mandate from the UN would be needed before any plans could be implemented.
执行任何计划都被需要联合国的授权。
be needed:被需要
LEA may be related to the differentiation degree, invasiveness and malignancy degree of cancer cells.
LEA是更加特异的高分化大肠癌被相关抗原。
be related:被相关
The cost of your uniform will be deducted from your wages.
制服费将从你的工资中被扣除。
be deducted:被扣除
This Zulu Proverb can be applied to leadership in Africa today.
今天，祖鲁族人这句谚语可以被应用到非洲的领导身上。
be applied:被应用
Interesting values may be expected from the trailing edge, the profile centre and the leading edge.
从后缘，叶型中心和前缘可被预料得到有价值的数据。
be expected:被预料
Using UPGMA method, all the tested accessions could be clustered into five groups.
被聚类分析表明，全部材料可划分为五个类群。
be clustered:被聚类
Knock control and misfire prevention software will be offered as upgrades.
爆震控制和预防失火软件将被提供作为升级。
be offered:被提供
The file ^ 0 can't be uploaded because the folder ^ 1 is read-only.
因为文件夹^1为只读，所以无法被上载文件^0。
be uploaded:被上载
Optimized UPNP port mapping code, the fastest can be completed within one second port mapping.
优化过的UPNP端口映射代码，最快可以在一秒钟以内被完成端口映射。
be completed:被完成
For critical service a lantern ring and double packing can be provided with a leak-off connection.
对于关键场合，一个套环和双填料可以被提供无泄漏连接。
be provided:被提供
But the partial least squares regression models can be expressed by the original variables.
但是，由于偏最小二乘回归模型最终可以被表示为原有所有变量的回归方程。
be expressed:被表示
A canvas or leather traveling bag designed to be carried while strapped to the shoulders.
被带有衣物的可移动的矩形的旅行包。
be carried:被带有
USCCC and United Central Bank co-host SBA loan seminar. Lunch will be provided to early registrations.
美中商会将与中央银行共同举办SBA贷款讲座. 被提供中饭给预先登记者。
be provided:被提供
I casually mentioned that I might be interested in working abroad.
我不经意地提到我可能会对出国工作被感兴趣。
be interested:被感兴趣
Causes the output file to be created in UTF-8 format, with a byte order marker.
导致用UTF -8 格式和字节顺序标记被创建输出文件。
be created:被创建
It is to be hoped that in her new job her talents will be better utilized than before.
被希望在她的新岗位上她的才干能够比以往得到更好的发挥。
be hoped:被希望
NGU cannot be diagnosed by positive results of UU or CT only.
UU或CT检测阳性并不是被诊断NGU充分证据。
be diagnosed:被诊断
China's state-owned shares and legal person shares can not be traded yet.
我国 国有 股和法人股目前还不能上市被交易。
be traded:被交易
All data must be recorded legibly and neatly in straight rows and columns.
所有的数据必须明白地和整洁地被记录在直列和横列中。
be recorded:被记录
It'should be guided and not popularized that the academicians an undertaking.
院士创业重在被引导，不可普及。
be guided:被引导
Learning materials will be provided to successful scholarship ACCA's official publishers.
ACCA官方出版商将向奖学金获得者被提供学习资料。
be provided:被提供
Bosch, Volkswagen and Li-Tec will also be involved in the three-year project.
博世、大众汽车、和锂-技术等三家大公司也被参与这一为期三年的研究项目。
be involved:被参与
Progranunable para 1 lel interface chip-8255 A produced by Intel can be applied to traffic light managing system.
Intel公司生产的8255A可编程并行接口芯片，可被应用于交通灯管理系统。
be applied:被应用
Viscosity and gel time will be adjusted at the designated level accroding to the season.
粘度和凝胶时间随着季节的变化在指定的范围内做被调整。
be adjusted:被调整
Conclusion Systemic and activation of inflammatory response during CPB can be alleviated by ulinastatin.
结论:乌司他丁可以被减轻体外循环手术患者全身和脑局部的炎性反应。
be alleviated:被减轻
The degree of acetalation can be controlled by the concentration of alcohol.
缩醛化度可由乙醇的浓度来被控制。
be controlled:被控制
Leptospirosis can be treated with antibiotics, but only if correctly diagnosed, which it often isn't.
如果能够得到正确诊断，使用抗生素可以被治疗钩端螺旋体病，遗憾的是现实情况往往不是这样。
be treated:被治疗
Machine parts of irregular shape can be washed very clean by ultrasonics.
用超声波能把形状不规则的机件被洗得很干净。
be washed:被洗
Conclusion: Deformity of fetal external ear can be diagnosed by ultrasonography.
结论: 超声显像对胎儿外耳发育状态的检测，能够产前被诊断胎儿外耳发育畸形。
be diagnosed:被诊断
It is logical that attention would be focused on potentially threatening information,'says Kensinger. "
人们把注意力被集中在具有潜在威胁的信息上，这是 合乎逻辑 的。
be focused:被集中
Acommunity is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
一个社区就像一艘船，每个人都应被准备着掌舵。
be prepared:被准备
Hyperglycemia and hypertension of DN with cardiac damage should be controlled as early as possible.
临床对DN伴心肌损害者应早期加强血糖和血压的被控制。
be controlled:被控制
Somatropin should not be used or should be discontinued with any eidence of actie malignancy.
如有证据表明患者患有活性恶性肿瘤，则不应被使用生长激素，或应停用。
be used:被使用
The existence of God can be proved by the unaided reason.
上帝的存在可以用不言而喻的理由来被证明。
be proved:被证明
If you do not wish to be contacted via email, please uncheck the box.
如果您不希望我们通过邮件与您被联系，请不要选取该框。
be contacted:被联系
In no circumstances should erroneous ideas be allowed to spread unchecked.
决不被允许错误思想到处泛滥。
be allowed:被允许
Pigs acutely affected with swine dysentery should be medicated via the water.
对急性猪痢疾病，猪应饮水被服药。
be medicated:被服药
At the rated voltage, the motor temperature could be controlled under 30 K.
额度电压下电机温升被控制在30K内。
be controlled:被控制
Undigested food allergens will continue to be deposited in fat cells, leading to greater obesity.
食物过敏会继续增加脂肪的被储存，并导致更严重的肥胖。
be deposited:被储存
Broadcast networks can be expressed by a simple connected undirected graph.
将广播网络用简单连通的无向图被表示。
be expressed:被表示
You must be prepared to give the job your undivided attention .
你必须被准备好全心全意地投入工作。
be prepared:被准备
The ground had to be levelled before construction could be begun.
必须先被平整地面才能开始施工。
be levelled:被平整
Ejector seat levers can only be used once, and their consequences are significant and irreversible.
弹射座椅操纵杆只能用一次，它的被使用将引起重要的变化，而且这个过程是不可逆的。
be used:被使用
Other materials such as lye lime and stem cement can be added to strengthen the adobe.
其他的一些物质像石灰、水泥也能加入土坯混合物中被增加强度。
be added:被增加
The minimum monthly standard wage shall be increased from RMB 570 to RMB 635.
月最低标准工资由人民币570元被增加至635元。
be increased:被增加
Optional. If true, the texture will not be updated after unlocking.
可选的.如果为真，在解锁之后纹理将不能被更新。
be updated:被更新
The losses of unmarketable goods will be reduced by analyses of retaining cost and profit.
对于滞销商品采取保本保利分析，尽可能被减少滞销商品带来的损失。
be reduced:被减少
In such cases suitable feathers should be retained or left unpruned.
在这种情况下，应该被保留合适的分枝不行修剪。
be retained:被保留
Let's take a look at how scope and context can be handled without using a library.
让我们来看下作用域和环境如何在不使用库的情况下进行被处理。
be handled:被处理
Article 19 The unrealized financing income shall be allocated to each period during the lease term.
第十九条未实现融资收益应当在租赁期内各个期间进行被分配。
be allocated:被分配
Conclusion Unresectable primary cancer should be treated by the TACE oriented comprehensive therapy.
结论不能手术切除的原发性肝癌应施以TACE为主的综合被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
Americans like debates because the candidates can be compared in an unscripted, live performance.
美国人喜欢辩论，因为他们可以根据候选人现场的即席发言，对他们进行被比较。
be compared:被比较
In case of missing, damage or unserviceable, It'shall be recorded and reported to the customer.
当发生损坏、丢失、不适用时，应加以被记录并向顾客报告。
be recorded:被记录
Do well and the license fee will be reduced or even eliminated.
对于业绩良好的地区代理，将逐渐被减少或免除年费。
be reduced:被减少
Flow switch can be installed in a reducing tee, standard tee or welded fitting.
流量开关可以被安装在异径三通管，标准三通管或焊接管件上。
be installed:被安装
Simulation results show that the strategy can be adapted to unsymmetrical transmission to a certain extent.
仿真结果表明，该分配算法对非对称业务传输具有一定的被适应性。
be adapted:被适应
Corner losses may be reduced through the use of two relatively untried innovations.
拐角损失可以采取下述两种未经实践的新措施来被减少。
be reduced:被减少
The difficulty of phase unwrapping cannot be avoided in optical measurement based on fringe analysis.
在所有基于条纹分析的光学测量中，相位展开问题是难以被避免的问题。
be avoided:被避免
It's to be remembered that life is not a bed of roses.
应当被记住，生活中并不是一切都那么如意的。
be remembered:被记住
Deforestation on the upper-middle reaches of the two rivers will be stopped completely.
全面被停止长江、黄河流域上中游天然林采伐。
be stopped:被停止
Many bearing sizes within Schaeffler's spherical roller bearing range can now be converted to X-life quality.
许多轴承尺寸范围内舍弗勒的球面滚子轴承系列现在可以被转换到 X 生活质量。
be converted:被转换
Continence can be maintained after posterior urethral stenting in select patients.
选择病例进行后尿道支架植入可被保持排尿的可控性。
be maintained:被保持
This movement may be described by the loose but comprehensive term positivism.
这个运动可以用一个不甚严谨，但容易理解的术语--实证术义--来被描述。
be described:被描述
Picture Frame user control source code integrity, and can be used directly.
相框用户控件的源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Indicates that the item exists but should not be displayed in a user-oriented browser.
指示该项存在，但不应在面向用户的浏览器中被显示。
be displayed:被显示
The Plessey Library Pen was the first light-pen-based system to be used in libraries.
Plessey图书馆光笔系统是图书馆被使用的第一个光笔化系统。
be used:被使用
The offering was expected to be priced after market closed yesterday.
新股预计在昨日股市收盘后被定价。
be priced:被定价
The paint can be diluted with water to make a lighter shade.
这颜料可用水被稀释以使色度淡一些。
be diluted:被稀释
Only radio, near-infrared, and visible light waves can be studied within the earth's atmosphere.
在地球的大气层以内，只能对射电波、近红外波和可见光波进行被研究。
be studied:被研究
It is to be hoped that in her new job her talents will be better utilised than before.
被希望在她的新岗位上她的才干能够比以往得到更好的发挥。
be hoped:被希望
Only with standardisation can the function of a language be utilised to its limit.
只有被使用规范的语言，才能最大限度地发挥语言的职能。
be utilised:被使用
Many theaters and cinemas have seats that can be tipped up.
被很被多被剧被场被和被电被影被院被都被有被可被以被翻被起被来被的被座被位被。被
be tipped:被
Some very refined results may be expected in this age-old interaction.
在这么 长期 的、古老的关系的相互作用中，可以被预料会出现某些非常精微的结果。
be expected:被预料
Hanlin V 3 can be inserted into the document accurate analysis of images and forms.
翰林V3可以准确解析被插入到文件中的图片和表格。
be inserted:被插入
Up to 16 interface links may be operated in parallel forming the V 5.2 interface.
2接口最多可以以并行被操作的16个接口链路来构成。
be operated:被操作
The situation will be aggravated if soldiers are brought into the city.
如果士兵进入城市，形势将被恶化。
be aggravated:被恶化
Our airplanes based in Europe should be included in the aggregates.
我们驻欧飞机应被包括在总数内。
be included:被包括
The tensile wheel should be mounted on the belts slack edge.
张紧轮且一定要被安装在带动的传动松边一侧。
be mounted:被安装
A demo of Agorithm complete source code can be used directly.
戈登的演示算法完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
It may be doubted whether the first agriculturists made any observation of the stars.
最早的农学家有没有研究过星球，这一点也许值得被怀疑。
be doubted:被怀疑
However, purchase volumes could be restricted by limited access to finance.
但信贷被限制将制约终端用户的采购量。
be restricted:被限制
SEX will be developed to get married or when will the secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin.
就会被发展到SEX或者是结婚，这时就会分泌催产素和加压素。
be developed:被发展
No shut-off valve should be installed between the valve and tank. or in the discharge line.
在安全阀和容器之间，或者在排泄管道上，不应该被安装任何关闭阀。
be installed:被安装
Ahha an opener can be used later on in the game.
呀，当然，开场白也可以在游戏的更后面才被使用。
be used:被使用
Internal batteries can be used if 120 Vac power source is not available.
如果120Vac不可用，还可以被使用内置电池。
be used:被使用
This mechanism can be used in line-speed routers with respect to computation and storage complexity.
这种机制的计算复杂度和存储空间都能够满足 在线 速路由器中被使用的要求。
be used:被使用
May be installed in both horizontal and vertical lines with upward flow.
可以被安装在水平位置，或流向朝上的垂直位置。
be installed:被安装
Conclusion The high expressions of COX-2, VEGF in PCa may be related to tumor pathological grade.
结论COX -2、VEGF在前列腺癌中均为高表达，且与肿瘤的Gleason评分密切被相关。
be related:被相关
One or more roles need to be defined for the role link type.
需要为角色链接类型被定义一个或多个角色。
be defined:被定义
Scripts had to be submitted to Ministry of Information officials for vetting.
必须把脚本被提交给信息部官员审查。
be submitted:被提交
Details must be provided to facilitate processing of the application by the grants vetting panel.
必须被提供详细资料，以供委员会考虑这项申请。
be provided:被提供
Private banks such as Commerzbank and even private-equity firms may be interested in WestLB.
像德国商业银行(Commerzbank)这样的私有银行，甚至是私营公司对西德意志州立银行(WestLB)更加被感兴趣。
be interested:被感兴趣
VHDL code for 32 byte RAM complete code can be used directly.
VHDL语言代码为32字节RAM的完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Manchester Coding vhdl code code integrity, and can be used directly.
曼彻斯特编码的VHDL代码的源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Hand and finger injuries can be reduced by knowing your opposition.
了解了可能使手和手指受伤的情况，就可以被减少受伤事故的发生。
be reduced:被减少
And they can be launched less notice and less time than liquid-fueled rockets.
比起液体火箭，这种导弹的被发射不容易引起注意，而且只需更少时间。
be launched:被发射
Liquid Metal The ultimate Liquid metal technique that can be applied to text and objects.
液态金属最终液态金属技术，可被应用于文本和对象。
be applied:被应用
It is only through the cooling liquid, natural gas can be transported by way of shipping.
它是通过冷却液只，天然气可以通过海运方式被运输。
be transported:被运输
The induction of a tumor by a virus in vivo can be reproduced in tissue cultures.
病毒在体内诱发肿瘤可以在组织培养中被再现。
be reproduced:被再现
Nevertheless, a surprisingly wide variety of airfoils can be designed with just four segments.
然而，出乎意料的是各种各样的翼型被设计可以仅4部分。
be designed:被设计
The relation between the chlorinity and porosity may be approximated by a hyperbola.
含氯量和孔隙度之间的关系图式也许被近似于一条双曲线。
be approximated:被近似
Conclusion: The quality of Liuwei dihuang pill will be controlled more effectively and more completely.
结论: 六味地黄丸的质量将得到更有效、更全面地被控制。
be controlled:被控制
Just that, the moral hazard in the fulfilling technical contract can be controlled validly.
只有这样，技术合同履行中的道德风险才能得到有效的被控制和防范。
be controlled:被控制
LNG Carrier to be researched in this thesis belongs to this category.
本文所要被研究的LNG运输船正是属于这一范畴。
be researched:被研究
The Hong Kong, China Rowing Association will be invited to render referee services.
大会将被邀请中国香港赛艇协会提供裁判服务。
be invited:被邀请
Load transfer equipment may be mandated by code or standard or desired for critical processes.
荷载传递设备可被授权的代码或标准或理想的关键过程。
be mandated:被授权
Result: Konjack glucomannan can be used in the preparation of the aspirin tablets.
结果: 在阿司匹林片制备中可以被使用魔芋葡甘露聚糖。
be used:被使用
Controlling shareholders to subscribe for shares will be locked a year.
控股股东认购的股份将被锁定一年。
be locked:被锁定
Payday loan repayment may be fixed to help your current money trouble, so try it.
发薪日贷款偿还可能帮助被固定您的当前金钱麻烦，因此试一试。
be fixed:被固定
Pseudomembranous colitis can usually be treated with oral vancomycin or metronidazole.
通常伪膜性大肠炎可以用口服万抢霉素或是甲硝唑来被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
privatize one or two railway lines, but I think it's the thin end of the wedge . They'll all be privatised soon.
政府声称只打算把一两条铁路线被私有化，可是我觉得这只是个开头，很快所有的铁路 1 来自《简明英汉词典》
be privatised:被私有化
The probability of low temperatures on given dates can be calculated from local weather rocords.
在特定日期可能发生的低温可从当地的天气记录被计算出来。
be calculated:被计算
An implementation of lock-free queue without atomic. Can only be used in single-reader and single-writer.
无锁无原子队列的实现. 只能被使用在单读单写的情况下。
be used:被使用
Lockable gas springs can be locked anywhere along the complete stroke.
可控气弹簧在整个行程的任何位置都可以被锁定。
be locked:被锁定
This period would, of course, be shortened by any preliminary work and thought.
这个期限当然还可以由事先有所准备和有所考虑而得以被缩短。
be shortened:被缩短
Mortgage instruments shall be registered in the order of their lodgment.
抵押文书须按其送交的先后次序予以被注册。
be registered:被注册
The stomach and duodenum may be considered logically as a unit.
胃和十二指肠可逻辑地被考虑为一个单元。
be considered:被考虑
Alternatively sows can be injected with long-acting penicillin at point of farrowing.
或者，可以在分娩时给母猪被注射 长效 青霉素。
be injected:被注射
The RUL series can also be used in the long length cutting line.
对于长尺材剪料生产线亦可被使用。
be used:被使用
Alcohol-based skin disinfectants could be used if there is no obvious organic material contamination.
含酒精的皮肤消毒剂可以在无明显有机物质污染时被使用。
be used:被使用
This may be explained at least partly alcohol-induced high blood pressure, the researchers say.
酒精引发高血压也可以部分被解释这一现象，研究者如是说。
be explained:被解释
This may be explained at least partly by alcohol-induced high blood pressure, the researchers say.
研究人员称，饮酒导致的高血压至少可在一定程度上被解释这一现象。
be explained:被解释
Fifth, opportunism can be reduced by vertical integration and long-term contract.
第五，可以通过垂直一体化和 长期 合同来被减少人们的机会主义。
be reduced:被减少
The vent-pipe should be connected to the air outside of the residence.
灶具中的排气管用钢管或PVC管被连接通到室外大气中。
be connected:被连接
Gome's accounts show that a large bond must be refinanced by May 2010.
国美的账户显示有一个数额颇巨的债券必须要在2010年五月份进行被再融资。
be refinanced:被再融资
As complex as these questions mayat first glance, most of them can be answered quite easily.
这些问题第一眼看上去复杂，大部分都能简单地被回答。
be answered:被回答
Plants need to be looked after and protected during bad weather.
天气恶劣时要留意照被看好植物。
be looked:被看
The particle would be accelerated as it enters the gap in one direction.
粒子以一个方向进入空隙时受到被加速。
be accelerated:被加速
The Lookup Wizard cannot be used with fields of this type.
对这种类型的字段不能被使用“查阅向导”。
be used:被使用
In the latter case the implied feedback loops will be contained within the memory elements themselves.
在后一种情况下，隐含的反馈回路被包含在记忆元件的内部。
be contained:被包含
Grand force is planning to undertook be publicized first emission 2005.
宏力正计划2005年进行首次被公开发行。
be publicized:被公开
Each side wishes to concede only what can be conceded without loss of face.
每一方都只肯被承认一些被承认后不会丢脸的东西。
be conceded:被承认
All England would thus be developed into one immense manufacturing city.
在这样情况下，整个英国就会被发展成为一个庞大的工业城市。
be developed:被发展
With a 10 Mbps Cable modem, that same file can be downloaded in 8 seconds.
而通过10Mbps的有线电视Modem，同样的文件只要8秒钟就能被下载完。
be downloaded:被下载
The lossy sequential DCT-based mode (baseline process) must be supported by every JPEG implementation.
所有JPEG的实现必须被支持模式有损的、顺序的和基于DCT的模式 (基本处理过程)。
be supported:被支持
He also announced a campaign to mobilize all South Africans to be tested for HIV.
他同样表示要开展一项宣传活动，鼓励所有南非人接受HIV被测试 。
be tested:被测试
Fred is a loud mouth who cannot be trusted with secrets.
弗莱德是一个爱嚷嚷的人，不能被相信他能保守住秘密。
be trusted:被相信
They recommend that loudness and annoyance be considered when making treatment decisions.
他们提醒在采取治疗措施的时候应该被考虑到响度和噪声。
be considered:被考虑
Answer: Time shows the love's power and love can be proofed by time.
时间被证明出爱的力量，而且日久见真爱。
be proofed:被证明
It hurt to love someone And not be loved in return.
被爱一个人却得不到对方的被爱是一种痛苦。
be loved:被爱
It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return.
被爱一个人而没有得到被爱的回报是痛苦的。
be loved:被爱
She wants to be involved in every area of your life.
她想被参与入你生活中的方方面面。
be involved:被参与
However, the MPEG encoded video stream is not easy to be extracted and segmented automatically.
但是，经MPEG编码后的视频流却不便于对运动目标实现自动被提取和分割。
be extracted:被提取
Olympic video player can also be authorized the right to other portals, Sohu is not unique.
奥运视频播放权也可以被授权给其他门户，并非搜狐独有。
be authorized:被授权
The project has to be completed within the allocations made to it.
工程必须依据划拨给它的款项去被完成。
be completed:被完成
You will be connected to a VTEL orientation videoconference that contains information about your SETTOP 250 system.
会把您被连接至VTEL入门介绍视频会议，它包含了关于SETTOP250系统的信息。
be connected:被连接
Also, until recently medical schools taught that narcotics should be used only briefly at low doses.
此外，直到最近，医学院还是教学生只能短暂被使用麻醉剂，而且应该维持低剂量。
be used:被使用
It can offer low friction coefficient and good anti-abrasion, be used to semi-dry condition.
它有较低的摩擦系数及优异的耐磨损性，能在半干燥条件下被使用。
be used:被使用
One measure includes deposits in all interest-bearing accounts that can be used like checking accounts.
有一种计算方法把能当作支票户口存款被使用的一切有息存款计算在内。
be used:被使用
Requires an alphanumeric character that will not be included in the validation algorithm.
要求输入一个字母数字字符，该字符将不被包括在验证算法中。
be included:被包括
NB: These options should be reassessed when used against high-performing and low-performing opposition.
注: 对阵不同的对手，这些选项应该要被重新评估。
be reassessed:被重新评估
Only low prestige distributors selling very cheap items will not be worried about CE marking.
只有出售低价格产品且声望低的经销商不会被担心CE认证。
be worried:被担心
Alternativa platform test source code integrity, and can be used directly.
收容平台测试的源代码完整，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
More quanta may be allocated to higher priority programs than to lower priority programs.
具有较高优先权的程序可以比较低优先权的程序被分配更多的量程(即时间量)。
be allocated:被分配
Most observers think the lower-tier markets will be saturated within five years.
多数观察人士认为，二、三线城市市场将在5年内达到被饱和。
be saturated:被饱和
In time, some of the applications & clients accessing information can be virtualized as well.
条件成熟时，某些应用信息 和 客户访问信息也可以被虚拟化。
be virtualized:被虚拟化
Adjustments in immunosuppression therapy should be considered for patients who develop BK virus-associated nephropathy.
对于发生BK病毒肾病的患者，应被考虑调整免疫抑制治疗。
be considered:被考虑
Both systems can also be upgraded to LTE, the emerging 4 G standard.
两公司的设备都可以被升级到新兴的4G标准——长期演进技术(LTE)。
be upgraded:被升级
Wedge torque operators should be lubed periodically. As a minimum, the operators should be lubricated annually.
楔形扭矩操作机构应该定期进行被润滑. 操作人员应该每年对这种阀门至少被润滑一次。
be lubed:被润滑
All machinery must be lubricated periodically according to the lubrication chart.
所有的机械都必须根据被润滑图表定期加油。
be lubricated:被润滑
The Bench-type drilling machine improved can be controlled automatically. It is a typical machine of Mechatronics.
改造后的钻床，能实现自动化被控制，是典型的机电一体化产品。
be controlled:被控制
The word can be translated as " bad luck " or " unhappiness "
这个词可以被翻译为“坏运气” 或“忧愁”
be translated:被翻译
The luminaire shall only be used with rated voltage and frequency.
此灯具仅仅在额定电压和频率上被使用。
be used:被使用
Refractory children, lunatics, and criminals may require authority, and may need to be forced to obey.
对倔强的儿童，精神病人以及犯罪的人，需要使用权力，或者需要被强迫服从。
be forced:被强迫
Can such a basic change be accomplished with modern medical technology?
这样的一个基础变化是否可以用现代的药物技术被完成呢 ?
be accomplished:被完成
No woman should allow herself to be lured away from her husband.
任何妇女都不应受被引诱而离开自己的丈夫。
be lured:被引诱
It will be published in an edition de luxe in autumn.
它将在秋季被出版精装本。
be published:被出版
Some of the money will be deferred for luxury tax purposes.
为了避开豪华税，一部份的薪水将会被延迟给付。
be deferred:被延迟
As one scholar comments, Two strong tendencies can be summed up as Americanization and colloquialization.
正如一个学者评论到: 两种强烈的趋势可以被总结为--美国化和口语化。
be summed:被总结
The diagnosis of bladder hernia can be confirmed by voiding cystourethrography or scrotal ultrasonography.
解尿膀胱尿道摄影或是阴囊超音波检查可以被确认膀胱疝气的诊断。
be confirmed:被确认
Novel amides derivatives of felblinac can be synthesized via six steps reaction from phenylacetonitrile.
以苯乙腈为起始原料，经六步反应被合成了四个新型联苯乙酸的酰氨类衍生物。
be synthesized:被合成
This causes the volatiles to be distilled from the coal to give a porous coke.
这一过程使挥发物从煤中被蒸馏出来而产生多孔的焦炭。
be distilled:被蒸馏
Other intangible assets for which no amortized expense may be calculated for deduction.
其他不得被计算摊销费用扣除的无形资产。
be calculated:被计算
Polyester can be washed in a large machine or by hand.
涤纶衣物既可以机被洗也可以手被洗。
be washed:被洗
It's stipulated in the contract that all the machine parts should be packed in wooden cases.
合同规定机器零件应用木箱被包装。
be packed:被包装
The diagnostic information of reciprocating machinery can be extracted from machine sound and vibration signal.
往复机械诊断信息可以通过其声音信号和振动信号来被提取。
be extracted:被提取
Infiltrative myocardial diseases, including amyloidosis, hemochromatosis, and sarcoidosis, may be associated with atrioventricular block.
浸润性心肌疾病包括淀粉样变性、血色素沉着症和肉瘤样病，可能和房室传导阻滞被相关。
be associated:被相关
The issue of health should be analyzed and with at the level of macro economy.
卫生与健康问题应放到宏观经济层面上来被分析解决。
be analyzed:被分析
As you set up your Google Analytics account, you will be provided with a tracking code.
当您设置您的谷歌Analytics帐户，您将被提供一个跟踪代码。
be provided:被提供
The term wx / v can be incorporated in the initial phase.
wx/v这一项可以被合并入初位相。
be incorporated:被合并
Some drugs can be prepared as-Madison, cotrimoxazole, Andrographis, so as to the safety and health.
可被准备些药品如麦迪素、复方新诺明、穿心莲等，以安全与健康。
be prepared:被准备
Her boxes can be called for by one of the wagons.
她的那些箱子可以被叫一辆四轮运货马车拉回来。
be called:被叫
Iron can be magnetized by passing an electric current round it.
让电流通过铁能使铁被磁化。
be magnetized:被磁化
Are there anesthetic agents that should be avoided during breast feeding?
2在哺乳期间是否有某些麻醉药物应该被避免使用?
be avoided:被避免
The doctor had to warn her, she must be prepared for the worse.
医生不得不警告她，她必须做最坏的被准备。
be prepared:被准备
To some extent, they may be looked on as a hierarchy, as in Figure 4.2.
就某种程度而言，可以把它们被看成为多层次的关系，如图4--2所示。
be looked:被看
Such opportunities should not be missed [ lost, wasted ] .
这种机会不应 被错过。
be missed:被错过
Most industrial wastes can be controlled by treatment and production process changes.
通过处理和生产流程的改变，可以被控制大多数工业废水。
be controlled:被控制
Self-mailer: Printed piece designed to be folded and mailed without an envelope.
邮简: 可以不用信封，被折叠后便可付邮的印刷品。
be folded:被折叠
Not difficult if those WBS activities can be classified by simple way.
如果那些WBS作业可由简单的方式被分类，不困难。
be classified:被分类
Trees which have been cut down cannot be used until they have been weathered.
砍下的木材晾干之后才能被使用。
be used:被使用
Weatherability Haobu corrosion, can be applied to all kinds of bad and extreme outdoor environment.
耐候性好不腐蚀，可被应用于户外各种恶劣和极端环境。
be applied:被应用
The contents without a signature on a webpage can be quoted freely.
网页上没有署名的内容可以自由被引用。
be quoted:被引用
This film will be submitted to film festivals and the animator will get full screen credit.
此片将被提交给电影节和动画师将获得全屏信贷。
be submitted:被提交
The result also support that the Mesoproterozoic orogen in KangdianArea may be related to Grenville orogeny.
富良棚凝灰岩SHRIMPU-Pb 年龄也表明康滇南部发育的中元古代晚期造山活动，可能与全球Grenville期造山运动被相关。
be related:被相关
Molecular and atomic models made of pieces in mesoscale could be studied easily and directly.
不同材料的亚观尺度组分，可以作为分子和原子的模型，便于更为直观的被研究。
be studied:被研究
Trucks should be inspected by WH personnel prior to leaving the wash bay.
货车在离开清洗区之前必须通过WH相关人员的被检查。
be inspected:被检查
It has a metal-to-metal seat and can only be operated with an appropriate wrench.
它有一个金属到金属的阀座，只能用合适的扳手来被操作阀门。
be operated:被操作
Whichever day you come, we will be pleased to see you.
无论你哪一天来，我们都很被高兴。
be pleased:被高兴
However, cultural over-adaptation can be avoided or limited by the strategies of foreignizing and annotating.
然而，借助“异化”和“注释”，可被避免或限制这两种形式的过分适应。
be avoided:被避免
How many jobs should be sacrificed in order to protect endangered wildlife?
为了拯救濒危野生动物应该被牺牲多少就业机会?
be sacrificed:被牺牲
Stock ticker application source code integrity, and can be used directly.
股票代码应用的源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
In the final analysis, all malversation can be related the absence of correct concept of masses.
各种腐败行为究其根源都与思想上没有牢固树立正确的群众观被相关系。
be related:被相关
The citrate synthase of mammalian tissues have been shown to be inhibited by ATP.
有人已经证实哺乳动物组织的柠檬酸合成酶受ATP的被抑制。
be inhibited:被抑制
RFID at the application of anti-counterfeiting is beginning to be excited about.
2009年RFID在酒类防伪中的应用也开始令人被兴奋。
be excited:被兴奋
The internal rolling wagon can be used only if the size man hole is big enough.
只有在人孔尺寸足够时才能被使用内模小车。
be used:被使用
Improve the cleaning efficiency, man-hour and traditional washing method and can relatively be shortened greatly greatly.
极大提高清晰效率，清晰工时与传统的清晰方法比较可大大被缩短。
be shortened:被缩短
The following attacks should be considered into account: man-in-middle, spoofing, sniffing and Denial of services.
以下袭击，应被考虑到: 人在中间，欺骗，嗅探和拒绝服务。
be considered:被考虑
D-H exchange in IKE is prone to be threatened man in the middle attack.
在IKE协议 中采用的D -H 交换极易受到中间人攻击的被威胁。
be threatened:被威胁
D-H exchange in IKE is prone to be threatened by man in the middle attack.
在ike协议 中采用的D -H 交换极易受到中间人攻击的被威胁。
be threatened:被威胁
In some cases, anti-retroviral drugs will be provided to infected parents of children.
在有些情况下，它们将把抗逆转录病毒药物被提供给有孩子的受感染父母。
be provided:被提供
Additional program information, title, description, copyrights, etc. can be added when generating WMV files.
额外的计划信息，标题，描述，版权等可以被增加时，产生wmv文件。
be added:被增加
Not less than 3,000 pounds would be needed to set a man up in business.
最少被需要3，000英镑才能使人得以开业。
be needed:被需要
With flexible Assembly Lines, workmanship and woking procedure will be completed in different positions.
柔性流水装配线，工艺、工序分岗位独立被完成。
be completed:被完成
Conclusion In order to protect womens health, the indications for cesarean section must be mastered strictly.
结论为了保护妇女的身心健康，必须正确被掌握剖宫产指征。
be mastered:被掌握
The goods are to be packed in strong seaworthy wooden cases.
货物须用适用于海运的坚固的木箱被包装。
be packed:被包装
TR 069 remote managements complete source code can be used directly.
TR069远程管理完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Provide extensions to be used by activities within a workflow instance.
提供扩展以供工作流实例内的活动被使用。
be used:被使用
So the dark mica in this granite should be called biotite.
那么.在这块花岗岩中的黑色云母类矿物就应当被叫做黑云母了。
be called:被叫
MaNGOS Blink Patch 6086 complete source code can be used directly.
曼戈斯闪烁补丁6086完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
It can be used in patients with onychomycosis, tinea manus and pedis.
结论:本制剂无毒性，可供甲真菌病、手足癣、患者被使用。
be used:被使用
Wireless sensor networks (WSN) are novel technologies, and can be applied to both abominable and military environments.
无线传感器网络是一种全新的技术，能够广泛被应用于恶劣环境和军事领域中。
be applied:被应用
It is also important to consider existing medical conditions that may be worsened by some antiretrovirals.
同时，还应考虑到某些抗逆转录病毒药物可能会使他病症被恶化。
be worsened:被恶化
It doesn't cause more serious disease than regular strains, and can be treated with other antivirals.
这类病毒不会比一般病毒株造成更严重的症状，也能以其他抗病毒药物被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
The antler is a bone tissue which can be regenerated postnatally annually.
摘要鹿茸角是雄鹿(驯鹿除外)一种后天可逐年被再生的骨组织。
be regenerated:被再生
It'should be used in a careful and balanced manner, not arbitrarily.
这个原则应该根据实际需要适当的运用，不能随便被使用，否则会适得其反。
be used:被使用
The method can be applied to other SCR rectifying circuits controlled by microco-mputers.
这种软件触发技术不仅可以被应用在电脑型可控硅焊机上，也可以被应用到其它微机控制的可控硅整流电路中。
be applied:被应用
In addition, the evoked responses could be inhibited by intralateroventricular microinjection of atropine.
侧脑室注射阿托品被抑制扣带回前部神经元内脏痛觉诱发反应。
be inhibited:被抑制
Microsofts color chart control can be expressed in various forms of data.
微软的彩色图表控件，可以多种形式被表示各种数据。
be expressed:被表示
Only following the law of translation, can they be translated with strict logic and appealingly.
遵循汉英象声词的被翻译规律，才能使译文逻辑严密且赋有艺术感染力。
be translated:被翻译
Pregnancy associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) hasbeen shown to be associated with acute coronary syndromes (ACS).
近来发现妊娠被相关性血浆蛋白 -A (PAPP-A) 与急性冠状动脉综合征 (ACS) 有关。
be associated:被相关
They cannot be created at run time or in application-level projects.
不能在运行时或在应用程序级项目中被创建。
be created:被创建
It is still paranormal or cannot be explained by since even in this 21 st century now.
听说至此21世纪仍然是个用科学常理无法被解释到的。
be explained:被解释
Variable pitch MIDI synth complete source code can be used directly.
变桨距的MIDI合成完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Why can there be fevered undesirable reaction after cheeper hits inoculation?
为什么幼儿打完防疫针以后会有被发烧的不良反应?
be fevered:被发烧
They must be accompanied by significant market access, market opening in agriculture and in NAMA.
与之被伴随的必须是有意义的市场准入，这包括农业和非农产品的市场准入。
be accompanied:被伴随
They are simply marking time, waiting for fashion futures to be decided elsewhere.
他们只是耗着时间等着时尚前途在别处做被决定。
be decided:被决定
A: Does the dispute have to be arbitrated by Chinese arbitration authorities?
通过被仲裁解决纠纷时，必须由中方的常设被仲裁机构受理 吗 ?
be arbitrated:被仲裁
Article 33 Disputes arising in competitive sports activities shall be mediated and arbitrated by sports arbitration institutions.
第三十三条在竞技体育活动中发生纠纷，由体育仲裁机构负责被调解、裁。
be mediated:被调解
Thus, crack control must be considered while a mass concrete structure is in construction.
为此大体积混凝土在施工中必须被考虑裂缝控制。
be considered:被考虑
Thus, crack control must be considered while a large mass concrete structure is in construction.
因此大体积混凝土在施工中必须被考虑裂缝控制。
be considered:被考虑
A particle should be accompanied in nature by a sister particle.
一种粒子实际上必须被伴随一种姐妹粒子。
be accompanied:被伴随
These ideas may be developed by children absorbing ideas through the popular media.
这些思想可能是使孩子们通过吸收流行媒体的观点被发展成的。
be developed:被发展
Architecting for Remoting source code integrity, and can be used directly.
构建远程访问源代码的完整性，并可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
Dynamics is a discipline that cannot be mastered without extensive practice.
动力学是一门不做大量习题就不能被掌握的学科。
be mastered:被掌握
Diffusion coefficient can be deduced from mata no method using electronic microprobe.
采用电子显微探针法，“俣野”数值方法被推导出扩散系数。
be deduced:被推导
They can live behind a firewall and can be protected by passwords.
它可以在防火墙之后，并受密码被保护。
be protected:被保护
Pasteurization and dry heat may also be used for disinfection purposes.
为了消毒可能还需被使用低温杀菌或干热操作。
be used:被使用
This can be proved to hold mathematically for any number of goods.
可以被证明，对任何数目的货物，这一点在数学上都有效。
be proved:被证明
Dates, photo details and other EXIF information can be added as watermarks.
日期，照片的细节和其他EXIF信息，可以被增加一条，作为水印。
be added:被增加
They may, in any case, be pointed at the wrong target.
这些措施可能会被指向相反的目标。
be pointed:被指向
Wavelet Based Image Coding complete source code can be used directly.
基于小波变换的图像编码完整的源代码可以直接被使用。
be used:被使用
The popular demand for aromatherapy can be explained by two primary factors.
对芳香疗法流行的需要可以从两个主要方面来被解释。
be explained:被解释
Rules in this Part shall be complied with in all weathers.
本章(规则第三章)各条在各种天气中都应被遵守。
be complied:被遵守
The design is very flexible, you can almost painless be embedded into any web applications.
它的设计非常灵活，你几乎可以毫不费力地将其被嵌入到任何web应用程序中。
be embedded:被嵌入
Party A with totle drilling cost, contract wildcat to be drilled to artesian well contractor.
甲方以总成本，将油井承包给被钻井承包商钻探。
be drilled:被钻井
Using artichoke, the technological parameter of artichoke pickled vegetable can be studied in this paper.
以草石蚕为试材，对其泡菜罐头的工艺参数进行了被研究。
be studied:被研究
Iranian Foreign Minster says the one woman among group could be released later Wednesday or Thursday.
伊朗外长说，这15人当中唯一的女性星期三晚些时候或是星期四就会获得被释放。
be released:被释放
Set the splash page to be displayed every week, day, once or always.
设置splash页面 被显示的频率，可以是每周，每天，只有一次，或者永远。
be displayed:被显示
It peeves me to be ordered out of my own house.
被命令我从自己的家中出去，真太气人了。
be ordered:被命令
Denovo combination therapy with peginterferon and nucleoside analogues should also be studied I think.
对于聚乙二醇干扰素与核苷类似物的联合初始治疗也是需要进一步被研究。
be studied:被研究
Stable, non-displaced injuries can be treated by cast immobilization and protected weight bearing.
稳定的，无移位的损伤可以通过管型石膏制动，保护下承重被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
However, we should be prepared that media relations are not to be changed overnight.
不过，我们应该做好被准备，媒体关系不是一夜之间就可以改变的。
be prepared:被准备
This media type cannot be formatted by the backup device. Please insert another media to continue.
该类媒体无法用备份设备进行被格式化. 请插入其他媒体以继续。
be formatted:被格式化
Space science, technology and application shall be developed in a well-coordinated manner through overall planning.
统筹规划，协调被发展空间技术、空间应用与空间科学。
be developed:被发展
Therefore, the previous method to get ASLA should be improved now.
因此，原ASLA提取方法亟待被改进。
be improved:被改进
You will be entitled to supplementary pension fund and housing fund.
您被有权参加补充养老保险基金和住房基金。
be entitled:被有权
Aspasia was created in case a mistress should be needed for Prometheus.
亚斯巴昔是为了普罗米修斯被需要一个尤物的原故而生的。
be needed:被需要
The dual check backflow preventer shall be designed under the ASSE Standard 1024.
这种双止回防回流阀应该按照美国国家标准化组织(ASSE)标准1024进行被设计。
be designed:被设计
Asset managers (and owners) should be evaluated and incentivised (compensated) using long-term metrics long-term performance.
我们应该用衡量(并奖励) 长期 业绩的长期标准对资产经理 (和资产所有者) 进行被评估和予以激励 (给予报酬)。
be evaluated:被评估
People of different nationalities often take some time to be assimilated into a country.
不同民族的人常常要经过一段时间才能为一个国家的人民所被同化。
be assimilated:被同化
Grades for courses completed are issued and may either be expressed in letters or percentiles.
读完课程所得的成绩在学期末发布，或以字母被表示等级或为百分数。
be expressed:被表示
The risin and tannin that can be extracted from it are sought by the chemical industry.
从中被提取的松香和鞣酸是化学工业上很需要的。
be extracted:被提取
The good figure painting works should be unified by the perfections of content, form and skill.
好的人物画作品应该是内容、形式和技巧的完美被统一。
be unified:被统一
Heavy cloth drapes, after continued use, also must be inspected for perforations before they are sterilized.
传统的棉织大单，反复使用后，每次消毒前需仔细被检查是否有破损。
be inspected:被检查
In Sweden, performance-related bonuses are to be banned at state-owned companies.
瑞典将被禁止 国有 企业向高管发放绩效奖金。
be banned:被禁止
Asverin being a non-narcotic, can be used as a common medicine.
安嗽灵属 非 麻醉药，可作为常用药被使用。
be used:被使用
Gum disease can be treated by a special dentist called a periodontist.
牙周病可由特殊的牙周病医师来被治疗。
be treated:被治疗
Raw eggs are highly perishable and must be chilled before and after cooking.
生鸡蛋非常容易变质，烹制前后必须被冷藏。
be chilled:被冷
It is equipped with shotguns, tear gas, a night- vision camera and bags of Obama's blood (group AB).
车上被装备有霰弹枪、催泪弹、一部夜视摄像机和几包和奥巴马同型的AB型血。
is equipped:被装备
So if the arrow of time is based on our consciousness and our ability to perceive it, then do people like you who understand it more fully experience time differently then the rest of us?
如果时间之箭是被基于我们的意识和感知它的能力，那么像你这样更充分地理解它的人与我们其他人相比是否有不同的时间体验？
is based:被基于
The injury after falling has smaller cut, abrade and more severe loss, the coxa ministry fracture that if cause functional activity commonly, is damaged badly.
跌倒后的损伤有较轻的划伤、擦伤和更严重的损伤，如常见的导致功能活动严重被受损的髋部骨折。
is damaged:被受损
Today, any poverty in the world is caused by an absence of capitalism, not the existence of capitalism.
今天，世界上的贫困是由于资本主义的缺席，而不是资本主义的存在被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
Virtualizing a platform (or hardware) means that the hardware is abstracted from a physical platform into a collection of logical platforms onto which operating systems can be run.
对平台（或硬件）进行虚拟化意味着，硬件从物理平台被抽象成一个逻辑平台集合，操作系统可以在这个逻辑平台集合上运行。
is abstracted:被抽象
The ability to define an interface means that the caller is abstracted away from the implementation of the operations.
定义接口的能力意味着访问者被抽象于操作的具体实施操作以外。
is abstracted:被抽象
The actual reading and writing of tags is abstracted in functions, so you won't have to change a lot if you use a different module for MP3 tag reading and writing.
实际的读写标签在函数中进行了被抽象，因此，如果使用不同的模块读写MP3标签，就不需要更改很多内容。
is abstracted:被抽象
Critics have deemed this an abuse of the system which they say is flawed because it fails to prioritise new drugs.
批评家认为这是对这个体系的滥用，他们说这个体系被有缺陷，因为它没能优先照顾新药。
is flawed:被有缺陷
Each state is supported by several Architecture Building Blocks (ABBs), which can reside both inside and outside of the AC taxonomies.
每一种状态都得到了一些架构性构建模块（ABB）的被支持，它可以位于AC分类的内部及外部。
is supported:被支持
All of these can be accepted, but the option to reject is grayed out.
可以接受所有这些更改，但是拒绝选项已显示为被灰色。
is grayed:被灰色
In another exercise, police practice clearing demonstrators blocking a stadium access road. National Police Chief Bheki Cele is overseeing the exercise. He is asked if his forces are ready.
在另一项运动，警察阻止示威者的做法结算体育场的道路。国家警察总长的话说：策勒负责监督这项工作。他被问他的部队已经准备就绪。
is asked:被问
In this way of life, human's self definition is defined by social acclamation.
在这样的生活，人的自我被定义，是指由社会鼓掌。
is defined:被定义
In fact, it is his to lose if you listen to the majority of the media - and remember, the accolade is voted on by members of the media and no one else.
实际上，如果你关注过大多数媒体的态度，这个头衔毫无疑问是他的——别忘了，这个奖项历来都只由一些媒体人被投票得出。
is voted:被投票
This is accomplished by the association of a session property to each project resource.
这是通过将会话属性关联到每一个项目资源来被完成的。
is accomplished:被完成
It does so not for financial gain but to ensure that its information is used in accordance with the organization's principles.
它这样做的目的并非为了经济利益，而是要确保根据本组织的原则被使用其信息。
is used:被使用
Accrual method of accounting is used widely and hence, we should be aware of its rules and principles.
权责发生制核算法的被使用范围较为广泛，因此我们应该了解这种核算方法的规则和原理。
is used:被使用
In the accrual method of accounting, income is reported in the period it is earned.
使用权责发生制核算法，收入应于发生当期予以被报告，不管款项是否已经收到。
is reported:被报告
But because political discourse is controlled by people who put the accumulation of money above all other ends, this policy appears to be impossible.
然而，由于视积累财富胜过一切的人被控制着政治话语权，这种经济趋近零增长的政策似乎是不可能的。
is controlled:被控制
He is accustomed to this sort of pessimism and readily acknowledges how complicated the brain is.
他早就被习惯这些人的悲观主义了，他也爽快地认同了大脑结构很复杂。
is accustomed:被习惯
The process of removing acetic acid from furfural wastewater by solvent extraction is studied in this paper.
本文被研究了溶剂萃取法去除糠醛废水中醋酸的工艺过程。
is studied:被研究
This travel application is provided as part of the ACME Corp employee portal.
该旅行应用程序作为ACME公司员工门户的一部分被提供。
is provided:被提供
The timing is handled by the xlink: actuate attribute, which defines when the resource is "read" and shown.
计时是由xlink:actuate属性来被处理，它定义什么时候资源是 "read"以及显示。
is handled:被处理
More power is needed to actuate a relay than to maintain a given state.
被需要更大的功率才能够触动继电器并维持给定的状态。
is needed:被需要
So much energy is spent trying to suppress the strong emotions that your sensory acuity is diminished — you are paying less quality attention to what is actually happening.
因为你的精力都用来试图抑制自己的强烈情感了，以至于你的感觉敏锐度变低了——对于真实发生的事情的注意力被减少了。
is diminished:被减少
The thyroid gland is located on the front part of the neck below the thyroid cartilage (Adam's apple).
甲状腺被位于颈部的中间甲状软骨的下方。
is located:被位于
This pattern is used in conjunction with a service adaptor for the support of virtual providers.
这个模式可以与服务适配器一起被使用来支持虚拟提供者。
is used:被使用
This direct access from the underlying service component is recommended only in special cases where enabling access by wrapping each legacy system with a service adaptor is not possible.
只有在不可能通过服务适配器包装每个遗留系统来进行访问的情况下，才被建议从基础服务组件进行直接访问。
is recommended:被建议
When passionate love is described like this, it in some ways sounds like an addiction.
热烈的爱情是这样被描述的：在某些方面它听起来像是一种瘾。
is described:被描述
A process is needed to provide guidance on what to do next, but users may need to skip or redo previous steps, as well as add in new steps on the fly.
流程被需要提供有关下一步要做什么的指导，但是用户可能被需要跳过或重做先前的步骤，以及动态地添加新步骤。
is needed:被需要
Thus, in order to ensure that the band's success in Megalopolis is repeated across the country, the band should hire Ad Lib to duplicate the Megalopolis ad campaign on a nationwide scale.
因此，为保证乐队在Megalopolis的成功能够在全国再现，乐队应雇佣AdLib在全国范围内被重复他们在Megalopolis所作的广告宣传。
is repeated:被重复
Conformity assessment is a control method, which is used by a country or area to ensure its product quality and safety for the market admittance of enterprises and their products.
合格评定是一个国家或地区为保证本国或本地区产品质量和被使用安全，面对企业市场准入的一种监控手段。
is used:被使用
Application of superfine mineral admixture in concrete is studied through production experiment and application effect of actual project is practiced.
进行了超细矿物掺合料应用于混凝土中的生产性试验被研究和实际工程应用效果。
is studied:被研究
This helps to process some of the adrenalin that is released into the blood stream during a panic attack and reduces the physical symptoms associated with it.
这有助于处理在一次惊恐袭击中会被释放入血液中的肾上腺素，并减少与之相关的生理症状。
is released:被释放
Adulterous relationship, a sexual relationship where one party (or both parties) is married to someone else.
通奸关系，一种通奸关系或性关系，在此关系中，一方或双方已与另一个人被结婚。
is married:被结婚
By analyzing financing cost and financing income of asset securitization, cred - it risk is dispersed and security of financial system is adv.
通过对资产证券化的融资成本、融资收益的分析，被分散了信用风险，并且提高了金融系统的安全性。
is dispersed:被分散
The data is decrypted only once, which is a major advantage.
数据只经过一次被解密，这是一个主要的优点。
is decrypted:被解密
She is helped by the fact that her husband, a vice president at an advertising agency, still has his job.
在一家广告机构任副董事的丈夫仍然没有失业，这对她是莫大的被帮助。
is helped:被帮助
For example, an AMDB is used by a system that does not display own ship position relative to the aerodrome.
例如，被使用一个资料数据库系统不显示集体所有制的相对位置的机场。
is used:被使用
This has led to the rise of Co-Brand and Affinity cards - where the card design is related to the "affinity" (a university or professional society, for example) leading to higher card usage.
这导致联名卡和认同卡的崛起，卡片的设计与“价值认同”被相关（比如，一间大学或专业团体），从而达到更高的信用卡使用率。
is related:被相关
In most cases a percentage of the value of the card is returned to the affinity group.
多数情况下信用卡收入的1%会被返回给价值认同组织。
is returned:被返回
The crime of affray is decomposed from hooliganism set by the previous Criminal Law.
聚众斗殴罪系从修订前《刑法》规定的流氓罪被分解而来。
is decomposed:被分解
With the primary battles over, Barack Obama is focused now on his Republican opponent, John McCain, and the quest to become the first African - American president.
随着初选的结束，奥巴马如今把矛头被集中指向他的共和党对手麦凯恩，争取成为第一位非洲裔美国人总统。
is focused:被集中
The point about the Holy Spirit is that it itself is defined in terms of God's agape, it itself is the purity of his bestow upon the world.
圣灵本身就是,按照上帝的阿加比被定义的，他指的就是上帝对世界纯粹的恩赐。
is defined:被定义
This ‘ agile culture ’ is based on one notion: we are here, they are there.
这种“敏捷文化”被基于这样一个概念：我们在这里，他们在那里。
is based:被基于
Power formula of agitators will cause some errors when it is applied for process agitator in liquid medium. Its suitable applied range is probed.
分析在液体介质中搅拌器计算公式用于推进式搅拌器计算功率时产生的误差，并探索其合适的被应用范围。
is applied:被应用
In my design, the aileron servo is installed between the motor and the main shift holding tube.
在我的设计，副翼伺服被安装之间的汽车和主要转向控股管。
is installed:被安装
When used as automotive air brake lines, no forming operation is needed anymore.
汽车制动管路采用尼龙管后，管子不再被需要成形工序。
is needed:被需要
This semi- open space is configured to encourage non air-con living as much as possible.
这个半开放的空间被配置，鼓舞非空调生活尽能够。
is configured:被配置
The feasibility of application of heat pump type air conditioner sets on air conditioned passenger cars is analyzed from the interests of technology and economy.
从技术与经济意义上对热泵式空调机组应用于空调客车上的可行性进行了被分析。
is analyzed:被分析
Training is simulated air cabin crew an important professional skills courses to enhance the professional skills of students and to strengthen the sense of service useful.
客舱被模拟实训是空中乘务专业一门重要的专业技能课，对于提高学生的专业操作技能和强化服务意识很有益处。
is simulated:被模拟
A method is provided for the arithmetic of bomb consuming go conventional missile damage airdrome target, and this model deserves military applied value in practice.
为常规导弹武器打击机场目标耗量的最优算法被提供了一种方法，具有一定的参考价值。
is provided:被提供
The Tower Simulator System attaches texture on the 3D -module that is constructed by tri-module- tool, so there are a lot of airdrome pictures used in the system.
塔台模拟机利用在三维建模工具被构造的3D模型上进行纹理贴图来渲染生成机场环境，这要用到大量的机场图片。
is constructed:被构造
The influence of the field airdrome environment on air force logistics is analyzed in the paper.
被分析了野战机场环境对后勤保障影响的问题。
is analyzed:被分析
The Museum is located at the edge of the airfield. In general, exhibits are in good condition, although almost all of them need small repairs and the painting.
这座博物馆被位于一个机场的边缘。总体来说，展览品状态良好，尽管这些展览品几乎都需要进行小维修和喷漆。
is located:被位于
In this paper, air- lock cause is analyzed and some methods to decrease and avoid air- lock are given.
被分析了气阻产生的原因，给出了减轻气阻以及避免气阻的方法。
is analyzed:被分析
The air- lock is used when transferring material to and from the glove box.
当来回从手套箱转移材料时被使用气闸。
is used:被使用
The spare 780 -pound coolant pump, built by Boeing, is mounted on an external platform just in front of the station ’s airlock module, relatively close to the faulty pump module.
备用冷却剂泵由波音公司制造，重780磅，刚好被安装在空间站气闸舱前部的一个外工作面上，相对接近于故障泵模组。
is mounted:被安装
The building comprises an emergency exit that is connected by an airlock at least to the interior of the building.
建筑物包括紧急出口，该紧急出口由气锁至少被连接至建筑物的内部。
is connected:被连接
Each Hydrogenase airship is covered with flexible photovoltaic cells and features a smoothly sculpted form studded with 20 wind turbines.
每一个“氢化酶”飞艇表面都被覆盖着柔韧的光电电池，同时光滑的外墙上镶嵌着20个风力涡轮机。
is covered:被覆盖
The first order of 100 C919s brings more consultants, and it is estimated that the quantity of the C919 orders will be further increasing during this Zhuhai Airshow.
航展开幕第一天的100架订单为C919带来了连锁效应，越来越多的客户前来咨询C919的情况，被估计在本次航展上，C919的订单数量会进一步增长。
is estimated:被估计
Designed by Norman Foster, Beijing's glittering air terminal is joined by a remarkable list of other new monuments here: Paul Andreu's egg - shaped National Theater;
由诺曼•福斯特设计的富丽堂皇的机场航站楼被加入了一组卓尔不群的新地标行列：保罗•安德烈设计的鸡蛋形状的国家大剧院；
is joined:被加入
The effectiveness of this method is proved through the specific evaluation to the air traffic controller.
通过对管制员的具体评价，符合管制员的自身情况，被证明了方法的有效性。
is proved:被证明
Next, with right hand akimbo, left hand is massaged 36 times, the method is Alexandrine, way is opposite.
然后，以右手叉腰，左手被按摩36次，方法同上，方向相反。
is massaged:被按摩
My favorite street is called Park Avenue, and I often went there to enjoy drinks at one of the wine bars or dine al fresco with friends.
我最喜欢的街道被叫做公园大道，我经常去那里的红酒酒吧喝一杯或与朋友们在户外用餐。
is called:被叫
An electrode is implanted in or sits on top of the brain, and records patterns of neurons firing; this pattern is then translated, via an algorithm, into computer language.
通过把一个电极被植入大脑或安装在它上面，并记录神经元的放电活动，然后通过一种算法，把这个活动翻译成计算机语言。
is implanted:被植入
SQL is a declarative language in the sense that only the data of interest is described in the program, not the algorithm for obtaining the data.
SQL在某种意义上来说是一种在程序中只被描述感兴趣的数据的声明性语言，而不是为获得数据的算法。
is described:被描述
You cannot go back to Girlfriend 7.0 because Wife 1.0 is designed to not allow this. Look in your Wife 1. 0 manual under Warnings - Alimony / Child Support.
你不可能回到7.0版女友程序，按照1.0版太太程序的被设计，她是不会允许这样做的.你的1.0版太太程序是在孩子赡养费警告的支持下运作的。
is designed:被设计
The process is called alkaline hydrolysis and was developed in this country 16 years ago to get rid of animal carcasses.
这种处理方法被叫做碱解法，而且16年前就已经在这个国家用来处理动物的尸体。
is called:被叫
However, this complexity is needed to provide efficient, all- embracing code analysis and storage.
然而，要提供有效的、包括一切的代码分析及存储，就非常被需要这种复杂性。
is needed:被需要
Thankfully, some of Beijing's alleyway architecture is protected these days, with buildings marked by white stone plaques.
值得庆幸的是，如今北京的一些小巷式建筑也受到被保护，这些房子都用白石板标记出来。
is protected:被保护
The term'just' is explained by reference to factors such as saving expense, proportionality, expedition, fairness and the need to allot resources to other cases.
一词的被解释涉及到诸多因素，例如节省费用、适中、快速、公平，以及将资源分配给其他案件的必要性。
is explained:被解释
It is believed that with joint efforts the bilateral friendly cooperative relations will witness all-round development.
被相信在双方共同努力下，两国友好合作关系将会得到全面发展。
is believed:被相信
The other system is based on the conviction that freedom is the universal gift of Almighty God and that liberty and justice light the path to peace.
而另一个系统是被基于这样的信念：自由是全能的上帝赐予我们的普世礼物；自由与公证将点亮通往和平之路。
is based:被基于
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms- house as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳被反射在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；在那门前，积雪同在早春融化。
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms - house as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
从养老院的窗户被反射出来的夕阳的余辉和从有钱人豪宅里被反射出来的是一样明亮的，积雪在早春也同样在他们的门前融化。
is reflected:被反射
Even in a poor -house, the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich mans abode;
从救济院窗户上被反射的夕阳，和有钱人家的窗户上被反射的夕阳一样的光亮；
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as from the rich man abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
夕阳被反射在贫济院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；在那门前，积雪在早春融化。
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
被反射在那里窗上的落日光芒，和照在有钱人家窗上的阳光是一样的亮堂，门前的积雪也同样教师在早春溶化。
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as form the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
夕阳被反射在济贫院的窗上，像个从容的人，在那里也像在皇宫中一样，生活得心满意足而富有愉快的思想。
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as early as brightly as from the rich man′abode;
夕阳被反射在济贫院的窗上，像射在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms - house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
从贫民房的窗户被反射出来的夕阳和从有钱人的住所被反射出来的是一样的明亮；
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
落日，从济贫院的窗玻璃上被反射出来的光芒，和富人那里被反射出来的，是一样光芒四射。
is reflected:被反射
The serring sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
夕阳被反射在济贫院的窗上，像射在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of alms - house as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
夕阳照射在贫民居所的窗户上所被反射的光同照在富人公寓的窗户上所被反射的光一样耀眼夺目，都能使得门前的积雪在早春消融。
is reflected:被反射
You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hourss, even in a poor -house. the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳被反射在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
is reflected:被反射
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as from the rich man abode;
夕阳被反射在贫济院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
is reflected:被反射
You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poor -house. the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
你要爱你的生活，尽管它贫穷。甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳被反射在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
is reflected:被反射
An interesting fact that Tyva is situated in different climatic zones: taiga in the north and Alpine grasslands in the west.
一个有趣的事实：图瓦被位于一个不同气候的地区：针叶林在北部和阿尔卑斯山的草原。
is situated:被位于
A big benefit of this alternate architecture is that script is parsed only once per session.
这种新架构的一个最大好处就是，在每个会话中脚本仅被解析一次。
is parsed:被解析
Some cutting- edge photovoltaic cells offer an even higher initial efficiency but fall behind when the DC power they produce is converted to grid-ready alternating current.
一些先进的光伏电池甚至可以提供更高的效率，但是由于要把直流电源转化为交流电，被转换效率有所降低。
is converted:被转换
The output current of the hybrid excitation claw - pole alternator is optimized in terms of different parameters of permanent magnets.
对混合励磁爪极发电机进行了被优化，被优化变量为永磁体的几何参数，目标函数是发电机的输出电流。
is optimized:被优化
Each pixel of the image is associated with information such as altitude, latitude, longitude and distance from the observer.
图像中的每一个像素都和海拔、维度、经度以及与观测者的距离等信息被相关联。
is associated:被相关
The comet is discovered by an amateur, which until recently was how most comets were discovered.
片中的彗星是个业余爱好者被发现的，这确实直到最近以来的彗星被发现方式。
is discovered:被发现
"I never saw such fine Americanism as is exhibited by you people," he said.
我从来没见过像你们这些人所被展示的这么出色的美国精神。
is exhibited:被展示
In principle, organization expenses should be in lunar amortize is pressed inside not less than time of 5 years.
原则上，开办费应该在在不少于五年的时间内被按月摊销。
is pressed:被按
The Corps ’ Embedded Platform Logistics System is designed for the service’s light armored vehicles, medium tactical vehicle replacements and the amphibian assault vehicles.
洛·马公司的嵌入式平台后勤系统被设计用于海军陆战队的轻型装甲车辆、中型战术车辆的替换，以及两栖攻击车辆。
is designed:被设计
In severs chronic cases, treatment is started with daily 1 to 2 ampoules of Bilocid and continused with one ampoule every other day, injected slowly by the intravenous route.
治疗严重的慢性疾病时，治疗从每日1-2支利胆素注射剂被开始，继续治疗时每隔一日1安瓶缓慢静脉注射。
is started:被开始
Energy is generated through either "thermal destruction," where dried blocks of "poo cake" are burned, or" anaerobic digestion ," where the methane from sewage sludge is burned.
其发电方式有两种，一是透过焚烧干粪砖的“热解”技术，一是利用焚烧水肥所被产生之甲烷的“厌氧消化”方式。
is generated:被产生
Energy is generated through either “thermal destruction, ” where dried blocks of “poo cake” are burned, or“ anaerobic digestion, ” where the methane from sewage sludge is burned.
其发电方式有二，一是透过焚烧干粪砖的“热解”技术，一是利用焚烧水肥所被产生之甲烷的“厌氧消化”方式。
is generated:被产生
Research is needed to explore the reasons for geographical differences in the incidence of surgical and anaesthesia errors.
被需要进行研究以探讨手术和麻醉错误发生率方面地域差异的原因。
is needed:被需要
A lot more research is needed before anyone can say that any analgesic is an effective means of treating social pain.
我们还被需要更多的研究才能证明镇痛剂对社会疼痛有疗效。
is needed:被需要
Proxy support is provided for clustering, high availability, and affinity mapping, analogous to the traditional edge component support for HTML requests.
为集群、高可用性和关联映射被提供了代理支持，类似于传统的边缘组件对HTML请求的支持。
is provided:被提供
An analogous situation can happen when code is refactored to collapse the code base down to a more carefully rationalized set of routines or components.
类似的情况出现在当被重构代码，将代码基数分为更谨慎地合理的程序或组件集合的时候。
is refactored:被重构
These will analyse how the vaccine is distributed in human lungs.
这一试验将分析疫苗如何在人体肺部被分布。
is distributed:被分布
The nmon_analyser tool is designed to work with the latest version of nmon, but it is also tested with older versions for backwards compatibility.
nmon_analyser工具被设计用于最新版本的nmon，但出于向后兼容性的考虑，也使用旧版本对其进行了测试。
is designed:被设计
A specific foreign receiver is analyzed and researched in this paper Firstly, we anatomize the receiver.
为此，本文对国外接收芯片进行了被分析研究。
is analyzed:被分析
The treatment is aimed at reducing the risk of malaria during pregnancy and so helps prevent maternal anemia, illness and mortality and neonatal low -birth weight.
这样做的被目的是降低孕期患疟疾的风险，并因此而帮助预防母体贫血、患病和产妇死亡以及新生儿体重过轻的情况。
is aimed:被目的
This is a simple animation that makes a slice of the pie pop out when it is moused over.
这是一个简单的动画，当被鼠标悬停在扇形图的某个扇区上时该扇区将弹出。
is moused:被鼠标
Understanding how this annotation is used is important to ensuring that you have the proper level of transaction support in your application.
理解如何被使用这个注释对于确保在应用程序中获得合适的事务支持级别非常重要。
is used:被使用
Since the nanostructure is applied to a battery's cathode, he said, the next step is to study improving the anode, along with further increasing battery density.
他表示该奈米结构被应用于电池的阴极，下一步是促进电池的阳极，并促进电池的储电能力。
is applied:被应用
It is analyzed and pointed out that for the perfectly elastoplastic structure the equation of motion is nothing but a two -phase linear system with anon -off switch.
经过深入的被分析研究，本文指出描述单自由度弹性完全塑性结构的运动方程，可以转换成两相的线性微分方程及一个开关机制。
is analyzed:被分析
For example, leptin is reduced in people with anorexia as long as they are malnourished, but the levels rise as they recover from their illness.
例如，一旦厌食症人群出现营养失调问题，他们体内的瘦素水平就会大大被减少。但是当病症消失后它们就会再次上升。
is reduced:被减少
Alongside this, health services should be ready to provide adolescents who are pregnant with the antenatal care they need, or to obtain a safe abortion where this is permitted by law.
除此之外，卫生服务应该随时准备为怀孕的青少年提供她们所需的产前保健，或在法律被允许的情况下为她们进行安全的流产。
is permitted:被允许的
A co- ordinated government programme is needed to give targeted antenatal support to young mothers and vulnerable fathers, the report added.
该报告补充说，政府部门被需要一个协调方案以给予那些束手无措的夫妇针对性的产前支持。
is needed:被需要
However, reports say the club is prepared to up the ante and have further talks with Messi to send out a clear message to other teams that he is simply not for sale.
然而为了彻底拴住梅西，巴萨拟加大筹码，并被准备在明年夏天就续约事宜和梅西进行进一步商谈，以确立"梅西是非卖品"的强硬立场。
is prepared:被准备
It is formed by a system of air rotating anticlockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern.
它是由一种北半球朝逆时针方向旋转而南半球向顺时针方向旋转的大气体系被形成的。
is formed:被形成的
Lassa fever is diagnosed by detection of Lassa antigen, anti- Lassa antibodies, or virus isolation techniques.
拉沙热通过发现拉沙抗原、抗拉沙抗体或病毒分离技术进行被诊断。
is diagnosed:被诊断
This process of DNA rearrangement is required to build the antigen receptor used by T cells, and permanently marks ETPs.
这个DNA重组的过程是建立T细胞抗原受体所被需要的，并且永久标记早期胸腺祖细胞。
is required:被需要的
ConclusionThe best is united therapy method with anti- histamine medicine, glucocorticoid, calcium gluconates, vitamin E and the externally applied agent.
结论最为有效的方法是采用抗组胺药物、糖皮质激素、葡萄糖酸钙、维生素E以及外用药物等被联合治疗。
is united:被联合
Replace: My general is replaced here basically is to weigh synonym and antonym and relevant statement to tell.
被替换：这里我将被替换主要是重同义词和反义词以及相关词去讲。
is replaced:被替换
Analysis shows that more nitrogen is oxidized by ammonia oxidizing bacteria( AOB) than by nitrite oxidizing bacteria( NOB) with more growth of the AOB than the NOB in each cycle when using this method.
结果表明：利用曝气时间实时控制，在每个周期内氨被氧化菌（AOB）降解氨氮质量大于亚硝酸盐被氧化菌（NOB）降解亚硝态氮质量；AOB的净增数量大于NOB净增数目。
is oxidized:被氧化
Some argue that torture is justified if our survival is threatened, but even apart from the elasticity of this justification, it is flawed because it depends on an equivocation.
有人说，如果我们的生存受到了威胁，酷刑就是被正当的；但是这一辩辞除了其伸缩性之外，还有别的瑕疵——它依赖于含糊其辞。
is justified:被正当的
The first level of energy is defined by feelings of apathy and thoughts of victimization.
第一级能量是根据冷漠的感情和牺牲他人的思想而被定义的；
is defined:被定义
One brings the cloacae of the partners into apposition; the penis or hemipenis, if any, extrudes from the male and is inserted into the female; and the generative material is translocated.
（但是谁能说个准儿呢）只要把交配双方的泄殖腔并在一起，雄性的阴茎或半阴茎就会突起并被插入雌性体内，此时生殖就在泄殖腔内进行。
is inserted:被插入
It is covered by mountains of the Pamir range, and more than fifty percent of the country is 3,000 meters (approx. 10,000 feet) above sea level.
境内由帕米尔山脉被覆盖，百分之五十的地区在海拔3000米（大约10,000英尺）以上。
is covered:被覆盖
Apr. 15, 1955: Twenty percent of the White House's electricity is supplied by Vice President Richard Nixon pedaling a stationary bicycle
1955年4月15日：副总统理查德·尼克松（RichardNixon）在固定自行车上蹬踏运动为白宫被提供了20%的电力。
is supplied:被提供
The device is called AQUA and it looks like it really consists of water.
这个手机名字被叫AQUA的，看起来真的像水构成的。
is called:被叫
Perhaps the best reason for regulators to be suspicious about innovation is that so much of it in the modern world is aimed at facilitating regulatory and tax arbitrage.
监管者之所以对创新怀有疑虑，最关键的原因可能在于，现代社会中太多创新的被目的都是为监管和税收套利提供便利。
is aimed:被目的
In welding process, under arc light, how to photograph the starting and expansion process of weld solidification crack is studied in this paper.
被研究了在实际焊接过程中的电弧光下如何拍摄记录焊缝凝固裂纹的启裂和扩展的过程。
is studied:被研究
The relationship between the keyhole behavior and arc light emission flux is studied by spectroscopic method in plasma arc welding of stainless steel.
针对不锈钢穿孔等离子弧焊过程，熔池小孔的特征行为与弧光光谱辐射强度之间的关系进行了光谱试验被研究。
is studied:被研究
Readers who enjoy arithmetic can now answer a further question: what proportion of the federal debt is owed to foreigners?
喜欢算术的读者现在能回答一个进一步的问题：外国持有的联邦被债务比例是多少？
is owed:被债务
Armament is defined as "the equipment necessary to wage and win battles ."
武器装备的被定义是“打赢战争的必备工具”。
is defined:被定义
His way takes him along a by - road, not much frequented, but very even and pleasant, which is called Commonplace Lane, and leads to the Belvedere of Common - sense.
他的一生所走的是一条偏僻小路，虽然不是熙来攘往、却也平坦愉快——它被叫做平凡小巷，通向的是普通常识的望楼。
is called:被叫
While I do not present any quantitative data on speed, the chart is arranged in order of speed, from fastest to slowest.
在速度方面，虽然我没有定量的数据，但这张表是按照速度顺序来被安排的，从最快到最慢。
is arranged:被安排
An array is used in the example, but this information might load from a database.
在这个示例中被使用一个数组，但是也可以从数据库装载这些信息。
is used:被使用
So, Boltzmann understood that and he explained how entropy is related to the arrow of time.
所以，波尔兹曼了解这一点并且他解释了熵是如何与时间之箭被相关的。
is related:被相关
The exit gate is known, because it's a return message that is connected from a lifeline to the diagram's frame with the arrowhead connected to the frame.
出口门同理可知，因为它是一个返回消息，被连接从一个生命线到图的框架，箭头被连接框架。
is connected:被连接
The getBalance message is an entry gate, because it is the arrowed line that is connected to the diagram's frame with the arrowhead connected to a lifeline.
因为是箭头的线被连接到图的框架，而箭头被连接到生命线，所以getBalance消息是一个入口门。
is connected:被连接
The golden hill software of responsible software business is advanced vice- president arrowroot as jade-like stone to golden hill "Internet is changed" having oneself unscramble.
负责软件业务的金山软件被高级副总裁葛珂对于金山的“互联网化”有着自己的解读。
is advanced:被高级
This allows you to view and manage how an artifact is utilized throughout your entire SOA.
因此，您可以查看和管理某个工件在整个SOA 中是如何被利用的。
is utilized:被利用
The cottage garden is designed to appear artless, rather than contrived or pretentious.
村舍花园的被设计是为了体现质朴，而不是做作或者虚夸。
is designed:被设计
One in three deaths from occupational cancer is caused by asbestos.
每三名职业性癌症死亡病例中，就有一例是由石棉被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
Information such as default value, key and non- key attributes, size and data types is defined in an ASBO.
在ASBO中被定义了诸如缺省值、键和非键属性、大小和数据类型之类的信息。
is defined:被定义
The King's chamber is located at the heart of the pyramid, only accessible through the Great Gallery and an ascending corridor.
国王的墓室被位于金字塔的中心，只有通过大走廊和一个上升的通道才可以到达。
is located:被位于
In this paper, the far -field body wave radiation of the fault which contains a asperity is studied by using dislocation model.
本文用位错模式被研究了含粗糙面断层的远场地震体波辐射。
is studied:被研究
Today this discipline is called econometrics, but then the field was just an assemblage of general concepts, too new to have a textbook or even a name.
今天这门学科被叫做经济计量学，但是在当年，这个领域只是一些基本概念的集合而已，由于太新了，所以没有课本，甚至连名称也没有。
is called:被叫
That way, the application assembler who is interested in only one data - element type can restrict the list to that type.
这样，只对一种数据元素类型被感兴趣的应用程序组装程序可以把列表限定为该类型。
is interested:被感兴趣
The entertainment industry is prepared to assert its rights aggressively and most people knew that before today.
娱乐产业做好被准备积极地维护其权利并且多数人以前就知道这一点。
is prepared:被准备
When either the Approver has completed or the Assessor has accepted, the approval information is returned .''
当Approver完成或者Accessor接受时，将会被返回批准信息。
is returned:被返回
In the previous section, you saw how sharing of catalog data via the store path is controlled by the ability to add data specific to customer stores, or to filter products in the catalog asset store.
在先前的部分中，您看到了通过使用存储路径共享的目录数据是如何由客户存储（或者目录资产存储中的过滤器产品）指定的添加数据功能来被控制的。
is controlled:被控制
The content assistant cue is available for data objects for which the naming standard is defined as a combination of data naming standard preferences and glossary model files.
内容助理提示可以为数据对象显示命名标准，这些信息是作为数据命名标准首选项和术语表模型文件的组合被定义的。
is defined:被定义
No type is associated with the object, so you can modify this structure freely.
每个对象并不与类型被相关，所以可以自由地修改这种结构。
is associated:被相关
Even if the file is protected on the server, because the code is interpreted locally it would be foolish to assume that it cannot be gotten.
即使该文件在服务器上是受被保护的，但因为代码是在本地解释的，所以以为无法得到这个文件是愚蠢的。
is protected:被保护
This is based on the assumption that science is universal, objective and reliable.
这是被基于这样的假设：科学是普遍的，客观的和可信的。
is based:被基于
But any code that is submitted into the product needs to follow best practices to assure its stability, reliability, and maintainability.
但是任何的代码在被提交到产品前，都需要遵照最佳实践，来保证它的稳定性和可维护性。
is submitted:被提交
Unless your physics specialty is deeply theoretical or has to do with astrophysics, you can usually find an industry job that is related to your work.
除非你的物理学专业极端理论化，或者是天体物理，否则你通常是可以在工业界找到一个被相关的职位的。
is related:被相关
A variation of EPAS1, a gene that is sometimes associated with increased athleticism, causes an enzymatic change in the way oxygen binds to blood and is transported around the body.
EPAS1基因有时与较高的运动能力有关，在氧与血液结合并向全身各处被运输的过程中，会造成酶的改变。
is transported:被运输
This list is defined as a list of topic expression attached to the filter.
此列表是作为附加到该筛选器的主题表达式列表被定义的。
is defined:被定义
IMA elevation is non -specific and hence may attenuate any prognostic significance if it is used for prognosis before first establishing the diagnosis.
IMA水平升高是不确定的，因此如果在第一次确诊诊断之前被使用这种预后手段，就可能减弱其预后显著性。
is used:被使用
Although more research is needed to pin down the relationship between low IQ and suicide, the study suggests that mental health professionals should be attuned to their patients' IQ, Koenen says.
科龙说：尽管还被需要更多的研究来确定智商和自杀之间的关系，研究建议精神健康专家应该调和病人的智商。
is needed:被需要
There is some evidence suggesting it is caused by a combination of auto - immune, genetic, and environmental factors.
有些证据表明白癜风是由自身免疫、遗传和环境因素相结合而被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
Autumn is connected in Chinese thought with the direction west, considered to be the direction of dreams and visions.
秋天，在中国人的思维里是被连接着朝西的方向，那个方向在中国人看来指向了梦想和愿望。
is connected:被连接
A voice asks whether she is prepared to endure cold, hunger, mockery, prison and death, all of which await her on the other side.
一个声音询问她是否为忍受寒冷、饥饿、嘲笑、牢狱和死亡被准备好了，所有的一切都在她的对面等待她。
is prepared:被准备
Since the AXIOM API is based on interfaces, it uses factories to create actual implementations of the components.
因为AXIOMAPI是被基于接口的，所以它使用各种工厂来创建不同部分的具体实现。
is based:被基于
When a data - binding framework is used to convert XML to and from application data structures, the data - bound XML is normally only a virtual part of the AXIOM document model.
当被使用数据绑定框架在XML和应用程序数据结构之间进行转换时，数据绑定XML通常只是AXIOM文档模型的一个虚拟部件。
is used:被使用
Aye, for the game of creating, my brethren, there is needed a holy Yea unto life: ITS OWN will, willeth now the spirit; HIS OWN world winneth the world's outcast.
是啊，我的弟兄，为进行开创的游戏，被需要有一个对生命的神圣承诺：精神，自此会有它自己的意愿；而世所弃绝者，会赢得他自己的世界。
is needed:被需要
First, the Azure architecture is designed around the idea that each worker role does one specific task.
首先，Azure架构是围绕这样的想法被设计的，每个工作者角色做一项指定的任务。
is designed:被设计
Anthrax - a potentially fatal human disease - is caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis.
致命的炭疽是由炭疽杆菌被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
The GM maize, or corn as it is called in the US, has a gene from the bacterium Bacillus thuriengensis (Bt) inserted into it to repel the corn borer beetle.
这种转基因玉米(maize)，在美国被叫玉米(corn)，植入有一个细菌芽孢杆菌 (Bt)基因以抵御玉米螟甲虫。
is called:被叫
So, I put SVG on the back burner for a while, until I recently discovered that a subset of SVG is installed in Mozilla Firefox V1.5.
因此有段时间我把SVG放在了一边，直到最近发现SVG的一个子集被安装到了MozillaFirefoxV1.5 中。
is installed:被安装
Moussa said it is supported by Syria, which is a main backer of the Lebanese opposition.
穆萨说，黎巴嫩反对派的主要被支持者叙利亚被支持这项计划。
is supported:被支持
The role of DRGs -PPS to prevent from Medicine Backhander is analyzed from the evolution of the Medicine Backhander.
本文在被分析“医药回扣”成因的基础上，就按病种付费机制对遏制“医药回扣”的作用进行了初步探讨。
is analyzed:被分析
Taijing School is located in the Nhorth -west Back Street of Yamenkou Village, Shijingshan District.
台京学校被位于石景山区衙门口村西南后街。
is located:被位于
When being output, the correct initial register is traced and output. The process saves the back -track process of each block, and the judging process of the access and the memory module of the bit.
到输出的时候，只需直接被追踪到正确的最初寄存器加以输出，以上过程省去了每段的回溯过程，可省去判断位元的存取和存储器模块。
is traced:被追踪
It is hoped that Japan will join hands with China and take concrete action to steer China- Japan relations back to the track of healthy and stable development at an early date.
被希望日方同中方一道，采取实际行动，使中日关系早日回到健康稳定发展的轨道。
is hoped:被希望
Chronic bacterial prostatitis also is caused by bacteria, but does not come on suddenly.
慢性细菌性前列腺炎也是由细菌被引起的，但是来的不是那么突然。
is caused:被引起的
It is based on a comic - book series that began in the 1960s and even features a Russian baddie.
它是被基于一个20世纪60年代开始流行的漫画书系列，甚至采用了俄罗斯坏人造型。
is based:被基于
The treatment system is designed to meet international standards that limit the number of living organisms in ballast water.
这套处理系统是按照国际标准被设计的，可以限制压舱水中的生物含量。
is designed:被设计
Neither technique is complicated or new, but the combination of images and ballistics had never been used for launch analyses before.
这一技术并非什么新颖被复杂的技术，但是把成像技术和弹道学综合运用在以前的发射分析中是不曾有过的。
is complicated:被复杂
When the bandage is opened we see the wound full of soot and ashes and oozing pus … the man has a high fever.
当被打开绷带时，我们发现伤口上满是灰尘和流的脓……那人还高烧。
is opened:被打开
Sweet and romantic, this rhodium-plated bangle is decorated in exquisitely crafted heart motifs.
带有甜蜜和浪漫气息的手镯，而为对应浪漫气息，特定制作出带有心形的被装饰图案。
is decorated:被装饰
Research related with online payment is extensive in our country, but almost all research is based on bankcard.
国内对电子商务的在线支付研究已非常广泛和深入，但基本都是被基于银行卡的在线支付。
is based:被基于
The design of the Hong Kong banknote is featured with sense of future.
港币的设计充满了未来派的被特色。新版10元港币是紫色配蓝色，面积较旧版10元纸钞要小，加入了新的防伪措施。
is featured:被特色
In this paper, the preparation, characteristic and its application of barium azide as one of degassing agents which is developed in recent years are briefly introduce.
简要介绍了一种近年来被发展起来的消气剂叠氮化钡及其制造原理、特点和应用。
is developed:被发展
Today the Blue Hole is famed for its sponges, barracuda, corals, angelfish — and a school of sharks often seen patrolling the hole's edge.
今天蓝洞是被著名的海绵动物，梭鱼类，珊瑚，神仙鱼――和一群鲨鱼经常看见巡逻在洞的边缘。
is famed:被著名的
Multiple studies have found that when strength training is added to our weekly exercise routines, our basal metabolic rate gets a boost.
大量研究表明，每周的体育锻炼中被增加强度的训练，我们的基础代谢率会大大被增加。
is added:被增加
This article is based on real experience gained while porting a large multi-threaded application onto a Linux 2.6 - based system, so I hope this checklist can be helpful in saving you time and effort.
本文被基于在向Linux2.6-based系统中移植大型的多线程应用程序时所获得的实际经验，我希望这个清单能帮助您节省时间和精力。
is based:被基于
For some teachers, half of their rating is based on how well their students do.
对一些教师来说，一半的评级是被基于他们的学生表现。
is based:被基于
Base -line operating system, and if virtualization is needed for scalability, this will allow on hypervisor layer
基础操作系统，如果被需要用虚拟化实现伸缩，那么将允许使用虚拟机监控程序（hypervisor）层
is needed:被需要
A bath in which the bather is washed with a wet sponge or washcloth without being immersed.
海绵擦身浴。被洗浴者用一块湿海绵或擦被洗布被洗澡而不用进入水中。
is washed:被洗
The state-owned BBC (British Broadcasting Company) is headquartered in London, and most of the country's national newspapers are published there.
国有英国广播公司（英国广播公司）是被总部设在伦敦，大多数国家的报纸刊登有。
is headquartered:被总部
The headquarter of this band is located in Ohio, US. This band selects jam pastes, caramel, strawberry and real vanilla bean as materials, and then mix them with some other classy raw materials.
总部被位于美国俄亥俄州，这一品牌精选果酱、焦糖和真正的香草豆等原料，与其他上等原料混合，制作出美味精致的冰淇淋和甜点。
is located:被位于
The utility model relates to a bedpan lifting device which is applied to a hospital bed with a relief hole.
本实用新型是一种被应用在带有方便孔的病床上的便盆升降装置。
is applied:被应用
Tseng, who is down to only 23 kilograms (50 pounds) and bedridden, relying on oxygen as his condition worsens, said he is prepared for the final moment.
由于病情恶化，长期卧床的曾先生体重已经下降到23公斤（50磅），只能靠吸氧维持生命，他表示自己已经为最后时刻做好了被准备。
is prepared:被准备
See a doctor if the bed-wetting started long after toilet training or is accompanied by painful urination, unusual thirst, pink urine, or snoring.
如果尿床持续了很长时间在训练小孩使用厕所的习惯之后，或者被伴随有排尿疼痛，不寻常的口渴，粉红色的尿，和打鼾；这些情况要看医生了。
is accompanied:被伴随
The range is supplemented by participants offering products typical of beer. That may be not only the local beer club but also the beer - mat seller or a tankard stand.
其范围还有一些啤酒专用品商家的参与做为被补充，这些商家可能不仅仅是当地的酒吧，还有啤酒杯垫或大酒杯架的销售商。
is supplemented:被补充
Since it is assumed beforehand that the product will have to bemodified, the company prepares itself to innovate in a radically different way.
既然我们事先就被假设必须修改产品，那么公司就要做好准备，通过一种根本上不同的方式进行革新。
is assumed:被假设
A better approach is needed for ensuring that each user's database identity and database privileges are used for any database requests performed by a middle tier on behalf of that user.
为了确保对于中间层代表每个用户执行的任何数据库请求，都使用那个用户特定的数据库身份和数据库权限，被需要一种更好的方法。
is needed:被需要
Neither is prepared to negotiate on behalf of any third party or to enter into agreements or understandings with the other directed at other states.
任何一方都不被准备代表任何第三方进行谈判，也不被准备同对方达成针对其他国家的协议或谅解。
is prepared:被准备
During this procedure a very small camera attached to a thin telescope is inserted through a small incision (surgical opening) below your belly button.
在手术中一个很小的摄像头连着的小放大镜通过肚脐下小切口（手术刀口）被插入。
is inserted:被插入
One of Australia's original bench -mark varieties is represented here as a wine showing distinctive red currant and peppery flavors with ripe tannins and a seductive softness.
澳洲产的基准品种被代表作为显示特别红浆果和胡椒的味道的酒，成熟丹宁酸和诱人的软性。
is represented:被代表
Material mechanics is applied to simulate the bending shape of branch factually, and YANG's capacity is calculated with different radius to express the degree of bended branch.
算法被应用材料力学原理，通过在不同半径情况下计算杨氏模量来表现枝条的弯曲程度，较真实地模拟了枝条的弯曲形态。
is applied:被应用
Rising from its rocky shores, the 1300 - year- old Benedictine Abbey at low tide is connected to the land.
一座有着1300年历史的修道院从圣米歇尔山的岩石海岸的低潮处延伸出来被连接着这个大陆。
is connected:被连接
Beijing Bestride International Club is managed by Dellisart America Hotels & Resorts, whose headoffice is located in America.
北京佳程格伟国际休闲俱乐部是由美国德利萨特酒店集团被管理的豪华俱乐部。
is managed:被管理
Everyone is biased in some way or another. I tend to be harsher on things that I’m involved in though.
尽管每个人都会有这样或那样的被偏见，但我往往对自己参与的事情有着更为严格的要求。
is biased:被偏见
A Bibliography is provided for those who would like a concise list of references used to compile the information on this portion of the site.
书目，被提供了本站该部分内容参考的文献。
is provided:被提供
The synthesis relationship between features in feature -based design procedure is analyzed and the storage structure of bifurcate tree is shown.
对于在基于特征的设计过程中特征间的合成关系进行了被分析，给出了二叉树的存储方法。
is analyzed:被分析
Another is Olusegun Aganga, a previously London -based bigwig at Goldman Sachs, an American bank, who is tipped to become finance minister.
被另被一被个被是被奥被卢被塞被贡被阿被纲被嘎被，被美被国被一被家被总被部被位被于被伦被敦被的被银被行被的被重被量被级被人被物被，被成被为被财被政被部被长被。被
is tipped:被
If your attention is focused on a shiny billboard or changing the channel on the radio, you're going to have problems.
如果你的注意力一直被集中在一个闪亮亮的广告牌上或者在改变收音机的频道上，你将会遇到麻烦。
is focused:被集中
The process of local heating and local cooling on cylinder billet is analyzed by the ANSYS software.
运用ANSYS软件对圆柱体坯料局部加热和局部冷却过程进行了热被分析。
is analyzed:被分析
Each method is defined by the starting point: binary or source.
每种方法都是由起点：二进制或源码来被定义的。
is defined:被定义
This table contains the breadcrumb trail that is displayed in the binder view.
此表包含活页夹视图中被显示的breadcrumbtrail（浏览路径记录）。
is displayed:被显示
This is needed to bring the energies of those higher parts into our bio- field and body.
这被需要促使那些更高领域的能量进入我们的生物场和身体中。
is needed:被需要
Conclusions SCF technology is applied in bioengineering field with great potential of progress.
结论超临界流体技术在生物工程领域的被应用大有潜力。
is applied:被应用
More research is needed to understand how nature produces energy, says McNeely, and the public should be open to the advantages that biotechnology could bring.
麦柯尼利指出，我们被需要更多地研究来明白大自然如何生产能源，公众也应该更开放地面对生物技术的优势。
is needed:被需要
The stability of humanoid biped robot is analyzed and researched in this paper, the dynamic model is built and the method of fuzzy optimization is used to analyze the parameters of the robot.
文章主要是对仿人型两足机器人（简称仿人机器人）的运动稳定性进行被分析、研究，建立了一套动力学模型，并运用模糊优化的方法被分析其运动参数。
is analyzed:被分析
Our story today is called "The Birthmark. "It was written by Nathaniel Hawthorne. Here is Barbara Klein with the story.
我们今天的故事被叫做“胎记。”它的作者是纳撒尼尔。霍索恩。
is called:被叫
It is called “The Strategic Power of Saying No ” by Susan Bishop.
它是一篇来自苏珊主教的被叫“说‘不’的战略力量”的文章。
is called:被叫
The French bistro is located on a stretch of food- centric Smith Street that is home to four other French restaurants.
该法国餐馆被位于史密斯街餐馆集中的地段。另有四家法国餐厅也被位于此地。
is located:被位于
The biweekly magazine, which has a circulation of 250, 000, is believed to be very profitable.
财经是双周期刊，发行量有25万份，被相信非常盈利。
is believed:被相信
The effect of light, heat, PH, some metal ions and common food additions on stability of blackcurrant pigment is studied and discussed.
被研究并讨论了光线、热、pH值及部分金属离子、常见食品添加剂等对黑加仑红色素的稳定性的影响。
is studied:被研究
For interactive development we are focusing on the bleeding edge of IPython (.11 +) where the new architecture is designed from the ground up to support parallel computing and alternate REPL UIs.
对于交互开发，我们集中在利用IPython（0.11+）的功能，它具有重新被设计的全新架构，专门用来支持并行计算和其他REPLUI。
is designed:被设计
As you can see some integration is needed to be done for the head to blend perfectly.
就像你所看见的，这儿被需要做一些合成，来使脑袋完美地与身体融合在一起。
is needed:被需要
A response message is returned as binary LOB (BLOB) if issued by the server.
如果由服务器发出，则响应消息作为二进制LOB (BLOB)被返回。
is returned:被返回
The response message is returned as binary LOB (BLOB) if there is any.
如果有的话，响应消息作为二进制LOB (BLOB)被返回。
is returned:被返回
If the BLOB is encoded in another code page other than UTF - 8, users can specify the code page of the BLOB input as an optional second parameter to TEST_XML.
如果该BLOB是以UTF-8 之外的任何代码页被编码的，那么用户可以为 TEST_XML指定输入BLOB的代码页，作为该函数的第二个可选参数。
is encoded:被编码
World Blood Donor Day is celebrated each year to highlight the contribution voluntary unpaid blood donors make to public health.
每年被庆祝的世界献血者日是为了突出自愿无偿献血者对公共卫生作出的贡献。
is celebrated:被庆祝
World Blood Donor Day is celebrated annually on 14 June to thank and celebrate blood donors all over the world.
世界献血者日每年于6月14日被庆祝，以感谢和赞扬世界各地的献血者。
is celebrated:被庆祝
Good work is never done in cold blood, heat is needed to forge anything. Every great achievement is the story of a flaming heart. - H. S.
优秀的工作从来不是冷血动物完成的，铸造任何东西都被需要热，每项伟大成就都是一颗燃烧的心的故事。
is needed:被需要
A naturally occurring substance found in plants, animals and humans, squalene is synthesized in the liver and circulates in the human bloodstream.
角鲨烯是一种存在于植物、动物和人体中的天然物质，在人体肝脏内被合成，并随血流循环。
is synthesized:被合成
Samples are backed with a standardised blotting paper which is weighed before and after each test.
试样背面紧贴着标准吸滤纸（测试前后需称被重）。
is weighed:被重
BMI is calculated by dividing weight in kilograms by height in meters squared.
体重指数（BMI）的被计算方法是用体重（公斤）除以身高（米）再进行平方。
is calculated:被计算
Our house- boat is moored to a sandbank on the farther side of the river.
我们的游艇被停泊在靠近河对岸的一个沙洲旁。
is moored:被停泊
In this practice the package diameter and bobbin speed are detected at spinning, and the roving stretch rate is calculated by micro-computer.
它是通过在粗纱纺制过程中检测管纱直径和筒管转速，由微机被计算出粗纱的伸长率。
is calculated:被计算
If a knee thrust to the testicles or groin is used in connection with a chin jab, the body will automatically bend forward, leaving a perfect set-up for this particular blow.
如果膝盖撞裆与掌跟打击下颌结合被使用，对手的身体会自动向前弯曲，成为施展这种打击的极佳姿势。
is used:被使用
Mine is equipped with all the standard offerings, such as a solar -powered boiler, the subject of my last column.
我的房子也被装备了所有标准配置，比如太阳能锅炉，这也是我上一篇专栏文章的主题。
is equipped:被装备
A full color image is printed and bonded creating a vinyl like exterior, soft scratch free gray felt inside.
乙烯基材质的外壳上被印刷和粘结着全彩图像，里面是摸上去软软的灰色绒布。
is printed:被印刷
Bone marrow that actively produces blood cells is called red marrow, and bone marrow that no longer produces blood cells is called yellow marrow.
活跃生产血细胞的骨骼被叫做红骨髓 ,不再产生血细胞的骨骼被叫做黄骨髓.
is called:被叫
Boogie is used to verify the assembly language against a specification and guarantees safe interaction with the TAL code and hardware.
它还被使用Boogie根据规范来验证汇编语言，并确保它可以与TAL代码和硬件安全地交互。
is used:被使用
Most companies are good at keeping tabs on their operations, but the book- keeping is complicated by use of a thick manual that makes bewildering distinctions between different kinds of provisions.
大多数公司十分擅长监督经营运作，但是却用对不同条款作出的令人迷惑的解释的厚厚的手册来使簿记的工作被复杂化。
is complicated:被复杂
Renowned economist Schultz is famed with his bookmaking "Small Is Beautiful ", and the social economy development increasingly support his foresight.
被著名的经济学家舒尔茨因其著作《小的是美好的》而闻名遐迩，社会经济的发展也日益证明了他的远见。
is famed:被著名的
For each bookmark in the selected folder, a page is created in the composite application.
对于选择的文件夹中的每个书签，在复合应用程序中被创建一个页面。
is created:被创建
This step also also ensures that the database icon is used as the bookmark icon.
这个步骤还可以确保被使用数据库图标作为书签图标。
is used:被使用
The opticity of mannitol and sorbitol in the borax solution is studied in the course of synthesizing mannitol and sorbitol by cathodic reduction of glucose.
在阴极还原葡萄糖研制甘露醇和山梨醇的过程中对甘露醇和山梨醇在硼砂水溶液中的旋光性进行了被研究。
is studied:被研究
BHA Cell Differential Agent is extracted through botanic extraction technology of Japan macromolecule energy. It is a kind of esculent products with very strong ability to differentiate melanocyte.
BHA细胞分化剂，由日本高分子能量植物被提取技术方法被提取，可食用的产品，有极强的分化黑色素细胞能力。
is extracted:被提取
Factory is specialized in producing various kinds of stainless steel series of multi-purpose pliers, knives series, stainless steel bottle opener series of products world -famous private.
本厂是以被专业生产各类不锈钢多用钳系列、小刀系列、不锈钢开瓶器系列产品闻名于世的私营企业。
is specialized:被专业
A modified empirical resonant frequency of bow-tie microstrip antenna was given, which is based on the cavity model of microstrip antenna.
被基于微带贴片天线的空腔模型理论，在大量仿真和实验数据的基础上，给出了蝶形天线谐振频率的经验式。
is based:被基于
At last, the performance of broadband bow -tie antenna above a wall is analyzed by MoM based on MPIE, using RWG basis functions.
最后，基于MPIE采用RWG基函数的矩量法被分析了宽带蝶形天线在墙体上的性能；
is analyzed:被分析
This inside - out version of Bow Tie Lacing is used by the British, Dutch, French and Brazilian armies (and possibly others).
这里面出版本领结花边所被使用的英国，荷兰，法国和巴西军队（和其他） 。
is used:被使用
Each bracket is covered with 0.7 to 1.5 kilograms of foam.
每个支架上都被覆盖着0.7到1.5公斤的泡沫。
is covered:被覆盖
Many people rely on pinyin -to-character conversion programmes to send text messages or type on their computers and even Chinese Braille is based on the system.
许多中国人用拼音输入法发送手机短信，在电脑上打字，甚至于连中文的盲人点字法也被基于这套方案。
is based:被基于
The Contact Series is comprised of mugs, flower vases and coffee cups with raised braille descriptions such as “coffee ”, “espresso”,“ yours ”, “mine ”.
盲文生活用具系列被包括在杯子、花瓶和咖啡杯上印上突起的盲文说明，如“咖啡“，”浓咖啡“，”你的“，”我的“。
is comprised:被包括
Today, determination of “brain death ” is used in all 50 states to pronounce patients dead.
如今，全美50个州要宣布某人死亡，均被使用“确定为脑死亡”的说法。
is used:被使用
The Madagascar is located in African southeast ministry, separating a sound with African mainland, it is to bestrew bramble everywhere over there, cannot the bush of exceed.
马达加斯加被位于非洲东南部，与非洲大陆隔着一道海峡，那里到处是布满荆棘。无法逾越的灌木。
is located:被位于
Further, the standard brassiere measuring system is based on direct body measurements representative of breast volume and underbust circumference.
而且，标准的胸罩测量系统是被基于代表了乳房体积和下胸围的直接的躯体测量。
is based:被基于
The attempt is being organised by Richard Noble, a veteran British record - breaker, and is sponsored by a number of companies.
这次尝试正在由经验丰富的英国破纪录者理查德•诺贝尔组织，很多公司提供了被赞助。
is sponsored:被赞助
Every public service, from trains to roads, is strained to the breaking point.
每个公共服务设施，从火车到道路，都被紧张到了崩溃边缘。
is strained:被紧张
Psychotic depression, which occurs when a severe depressive illness is accompanied by some form of psychosis, such as a break with reality, hallucinations, and delusions.
精神病性抑郁症 ，这种疾病会出现，当重度抑郁症被伴随有一些精神病形式，比如丧失现实感、幻觉和妄想。
is accompanied:被伴随
Researchers spray the vaccine up an animal's nose and they breathe it out where it remains airborne and is inhaled by animals within two metres of them.
科学家把这种疫苗喷洒在动物的鼻子上，然后它们把它呼吸出来，疫苗在空气中传播，让两米以内的动物被吸入它们。
is inhaled:被吸入
If your electrical plug is a standard flat plug so you do not have to bring anything, if it is needed to bring the round socket adapter.
如果你的电器插头是标准的扁形插头那么你什么都不用带，如果是圆形的就被需要带转接插座。
is needed:被需要
An independent and well respected mediator is needed to help bring to an end ethnic conflict in border regions around the country, according to Christian clergymen.
缅甸基督宗教的神职人员说，现时国家被需要一位独立又获广泛支持的调停人，协助终止边境地区的种族纠纷。
is needed:被需要
Such a system offers political and diplomatic advantages: by degrees first their own people and then the opponents are drawn in, while the world is confronted by a series of accomplished facts.
这样的体系生成了政治和外交优势：当整个世界被面对系列的既定事实之时，先是其国民而后是对手双方渐渐地卷入。
is confronted:被面对
After the Spring Festival, that man says frankly oneself marry already parturient, want to part company with her, she is accepted hard temporarily, appetent commit suicide.
春节后，那名男子坦言自己早已结婚生子，要和她分手，她一时难以被接受，意欲轻生。
is accepted:被接受
This full range is needed to cope with all of the world's languages; specifically, some East Asian languages that have almost 64,000 characters.
我们被需要这完整的范围去处理世界上的所有语言；特别是拥有将近 64,000 个字符的一些东亚语言。
is needed:被需要
The memory state of each byte of memory is represented by one of these letters R, Y, G, or B. These letters correspond to the colors red, yellow, green, and blue, respectively.
每个内存字节的内存状态都用下面的字母来表示R，Y，G，或者B。这些字母相应的子目分别被代表的是红色，黄色，绿色以及蓝色。
is represented:被代表
For example, you can get a count out of the database for the number of respondents who have stated that their favorite color (question 2) is red by using the following query shown in Listing 10.
例如，使用下面的清单10 中的查询，您可以从数据库中查询最喜欢的颜色是被红色（问题2）的回答者的数目。
is red:被红色
The landscape of public health is crowded with an ever growing number of partnerships, initiatives, and implementing agencies.
公共卫生这个领域现在被拥挤不堪，伙伴关系、行动倡议和实施机构的数量不断增加。
is crowded:被拥挤
The factors affecting cure of cancer are complex and understanding of modern medical science is limited to the physical and psychological dimension.
影响因素治愈癌症是复杂和了解现代医学科学是被有限的身体和心理方面的问题。
is limited:被有限
Day by day, he misses China, and is uninterested in America.
日子一天天过去，他想念中国，对美国被不感兴趣。
is uninterested:被不感兴趣
The electrical power for the DSAS is provided by a commonly available 3 -volt lithium battery, which will deliver up to 300 hours of operation before replacement is required.
电力，为地区体育会，是由一个普遍的3伏锂电池，这将被提供高达300小时的手术，才更换的需要。
is provided:被提供
There have been reports of poultry die off in her village and the case is reported to have had exposure to sick poultry.
有被报告称，病人所在的村庄有家禽死亡情况。据被报告，病人曾与病禽有过接触。
is reported:被报告
There have been reports of poultry die off in her village and the case is reported to have had exposure to dead poultry.
有被报告称，病人所在的村庄有家禽死亡情况。据被报告，病人曾与病禽有过接触。
is reported:被报告
Trichomoniasis is diagnosed by looking at the abnormal discharge from the sex organs and by examining a sample of it under a microscope.
通过从性器官观察到不正常的脓液和在显微镜下检查到滴虫，便能够被诊断。
is diagnosed:被诊断
Once an avid reader himself, he is disgusted with the idea of books and detests how they all contradict and refute each other.
他曾经是一个渴望阅读的读者，但是他对书上的思想感到作恶，被厌恶它们是如何的矛盾，并且一一地反驳它们。
is disgusted:被厌恶
The face is washed first after getting up, it is long next ground do up one's hair, comb the hair shipshapely, not random.
起床后先被洗脸，然后就是长时间地梳头，把头发梳得整整齐齐，一丝不乱。
is washed:被洗
When current passed through the coil, magnetic force is generated to attract the thimble to exit from the concave slot, and the spring springs down the draw rod to close a valve gate.
线圈有电流通过时，被产生磁力吸引顶针退出凹槽，弹簧弹落拉杆，关闭阀门。
is generated:被产生
If appearance did not count, why would people dress up for such interviews — even if the job they are hoping to get is dressed down?
如果外表当真没有什么影响，为什么即便这份工作并不要求你的被穿着非常正式，人们也总是西装革履地参加面试？
is dressed:被穿着
If you have 100 idle agents, then 800MB of memory is retained by these agents, so they eat up RAM quite quickly.
如果有100 个闲置代理，那么这些代理将被保留800MB的内存，因此它们很快就会耗尽RAM。
is retained:被保留
China is worried the new U .S. restrictions will bar Chinese companies from doing business in the U.S. even if their trade with Iran is exempt from the current U. N. sanctions.
中国被担心美国新的限制措施将阻止中国企业在美国做生意，即使中国与伊朗的贸易得到当前联合国制裁措施的豁免。
is worried:被担心
When someone files a FOIA request for such information, the government is authorized under existing regulations to refuse the request by explaining that such information is exempt from disclosure.
当有人根据《信息自由法》请求披露此类信息时，政府可做出此类信息免除披露要求的解释，根据现行法律被授权拒绝该请求。
is authorized:被授权
Juno is designed to ferret out secrets about how the solar system formed out of the gas and dust that wasn ’t swept into the sun.
按照被设计，“朱诺”号将会探索太阳系是如何从太阳上根本就不存在的气态灰尘中孕育而成的。
is designed:被设计
A value analysis matrix is provided to score the answers and advise actions for certain score ranges.
一个价值分析矩阵将为这些答案评分并为某些得分范围被提供行动意见。
is provided:被提供
He is convinced that less financial innovation could be good for a time, and that this crisis has shown to all that much more regulation is needed.
他被深信，减少的金融创新可能在一段时间内是不错的，而这场危机已警示所有的人更多的监控是必要的。
is convinced:被深信
A familiar illustration is provided by the force upon a stationary platform while a uniform flexible chain falls upon it from a hanging position.
当一个均匀而柔软的链子从悬挂位置落到静止平台上时，作用在平台上的力被提供了一个熟知的例证。
is provided:被提供
When the nose landing gear leaves the ramp and the main landing gears do not, pitch down moment is provided by the ramp reacting force upon the main landing gears, and the pitch rate is decreased;
前轮离舰释放载荷、后轮尚未离舰的过程中，甲板支反力被提供低头力矩，使离舰初期俯仰角速度减小；
is provided:被提供
For instance, a trustee of public money is obliged to use that money only for the purpose for which it was intended — in this case, to further research.
例如，一个公共资金的保管人被有义务仅仅为这笔钱的指定用途使用它，在这种情况下，这一用途也就是进一步的试验。
is obliged:被有义务
“This interpolation is inserted for the benefit of any young newspaperman who may read it, ” he concluded in the typescript he would not complete for 42 years.
“之所以被插入这些额外的话是为了有益于可能读到这些的年轻的新闻业人士，”他在打印稿中得出结论说不会干完42年。
is inserted:被插入
The Foreign Office is worried that increasing numbers of tourists will get into trouble abroad as they the travel to less traditional holiday destinations and fall foul of local laws and customs.
英国外交部被担心,越来越多的游客在国外会遇到麻烦，当他们在非传统度假目的地国时会违反当地令人不愉快的法律和风俗。
is worried:被担心
For us to be safe, the vital point to get across is that what we are doing is based on need and has nothing to do with politics.
为了保障我们的安全，我们要了解的重要的一点事所有我们正在做的都是被基于需要，而与政治无关。
is based:被基于
But in some cases, it may be necessary to add index information and statistics to the nickname after it is created in order to get the optimizer to push down predicates used with the nickname.
但是在某些情况下，在被创建昵称之后，可能需要添加索引信息和统计信息，以便让优化器下推与昵称一起使用的谓词。
is created:被创建
In other words, if no element is styled by a high-level rule, because more specific rules are always in effect, then you should get rid of that unused rule.
换句话说，如果没有任何元素是由高层规则设置被样式，因为更具体的规则始终有效，那么您应该摆脱那个未使用的规则。
is styled:被样式
The base and way of understanding is based on the theory courage of belief: give ear to different tone at the same era.
本文的比较依据及理解方式正是被基于“倾听同一时代的不同声音”这一信念所赋予的理论勇气。
is based:被基于
In light of the definition that gives out from World Health Organization, social function is damaged and always give oneself or other to bring what the symptom of harm can say to be a disease.
从世界卫生组织给出的定义来看，凡是社会功能被受损并给自己或他人带来伤害的症状即可称之为疾病。
is damaged:被受损
All that means Morgan is prepared to repay TARP as soon as U .S. regulators allow, he said, and can go back on offense when markets improve.
Kelleher称,这表示摩根士丹利已被准备好在美国政府批准后立即偿还这笔资金,并在市场改善时发动进攻.(完)
is prepared:被准备
You will by now have heard of plans to go back to one that is based upon precious metals, and that will produce stability and enable debts to be at least reduced if not completely cancelled.
到目前为止你们会听到回归一个被基于贵重金属的计划，这会产生稳定，并且即使没有完全取消的话，也至少会使债务减少。
is based:被基于
The responsibilities of an Enterprise Architect go far beyond what is discussed here.
所以企业架构师的责任远远超过了这里所被讨论的。
is discussed:被讨论的
But it is much bigger and is designed to go into a lower orbit with the most powerful cameras and remote sensing instruments ever sent to a planet.
但它比以往发送到火星的卫星体积更大，被设计更复杂，要进入更低的轨道，携带最先进的摄像机和数据传输装置。
is designed:被设计
Similarly, if the EJB is protected but the database is not, then the hacker can bypass the application completely and go straight to the crown jewels, the corporate data.
类似地，如果EJB受到被保护，但数据库没有受到被保护，则黑客完全可以绕过应用程序，直接进入核心地带操纵公司的数据。
is protected:被保护
Now what we have in hand is called sky ball or fitness ball.
现在我们看到的这个被叫魔天球，也被叫魔健球。
is called:被叫
You'll notice that some of the activities do require materials, such as food or craft items, but each activity is designed to be done using whatever you happen to have on hand.
可能你会发现有些活动需要一些材料才能完成，比如食物或小玩意，但每种活动都是根据你现成的东西被设计的。
is designed:被设计
Now that we ’ve discussed the key elements to an environment that uses local mail replicas, let ’s have a look at how it is created and configured.
既然我们已经讨论了使用本地邮件副本的环境的关键因素，那么下面看一下如何被创建并配置环境。
is created:被创建
What one should always bear in mind is that any debate here and now necessarily remains a debate on enemy's turf; time is needed to deploy the new content.
我们总要记住，此时此地的任何讨论，必然是敌人地盘上的讨论；我们被需要时间去展开新的内容。
is needed:被需要
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
体育运动如果是出于强迫，不会有害于身体，但在强迫之下被获得的知识，不能保留在头脑中。
is acquired:被获得的
Here the idea is not to provide technical inputs directly but to ensure that the demand that develops as a result of the first action is supplied in a free and fair way.
这里的想法是不是被提供了技术投入，但直接以确保需求开发由于第一项行动是在被提供一个自由和公平的方式。
is supplied:被提供
In Condition Based Maintenance (CBM), the maintenance policy is worked out according to the age and the condition of equipments, so plenty of data need to be deal with.
视情维修根据设备的工龄和状态做出维修策略，需要处理分析大量的数据，应用计算机辅助软件可以提高被工作效率。
is worked:被工作
A study in the New England Journal of Medicine suggests that patients do significantly better when their depression is treated in conjunction with their diabetes or heart disease.
《新英格兰医学杂志》的一项研究指出，患有糖尿病或心脏病的病人在被治疗中如果联合对抑郁情绪的调节，病情会有极佳表现。
is treated:被治疗
Germany, which is owed more than it owes, still has low bond yields; Greece, which is heavily in debt to foreigners, has a high cost of borrowing (see chart 2).
德国拥有的债权大于被债务，因此仍然可比保持较低的债券收益率；背负沉重外债的希腊，则需要较高的借债成本（看表2）。
is owed:被债务
When security is needed from end to end up through the application stack, or when security must be independent of the networking protocol, then other means must be considered.
当从一端到另一端直到整个应用程序栈都被需要安全性的时，或者当安全性必须独立于网络传输协议时，就必须考虑其他的方法。
is needed:被需要
Traces are very useful to DB2 technical support representatives who are trying to diagnose a problem that may be difficult to solve with only the information that is returned in error messages.
对于那些DB2技术支持代表，如果只凭错误消息被返回的信息难于解决他们正试图诊断的问题，那么跟踪就非常有用。
is returned:被返回
Diagnostics improvements - More information is provided in error messages when a composition error occurs.
诊断功能上的增强——当组合错误发生时将被提供更多的错误信息。
is provided:被提供
Also, if you double-click on the error message, the COBOL program that is located in the mainframe is edited and an indication of the line in error will be shown (Figure 4).
另外，如果双击错误消息，则可编辑被位于大型机中的COBOL程序并显示错误行（图4）。
is located:被位于
The property is described by the auctioneers as "in good order throughout and has an attractive 40ft south - facing garden ".
在拍卖行的广告�，对这幢房子的被描述是：“结构合理，并带一个朝南的40平方尺的漂亮花园。”
is described:被描述
Our product is in great demand and supplies is limited so we would recommend that you accept this offer as soon as possible.
我方产品需求量大，供应被有限。因此我方建议你方尽早接受此报盘。
is limited:被有限
Transparent: The inclusion of a filter within a request / response chain is designed to supplement, but in no way replace, the core processing provided by a servlet or JSP page.
透明的：在请求/响应链中包括过滤器，这种被设计是为了补充（而不是以任何方式替代）servlet或JSP页面提供的核心处理。
is designed:被设计
If the response is positive, we add the program in question to the list of software that is allowed to run on the machine.
如果响应是积极的，我们就把有问题的程序添加到被允许在本机上运行的软件列表中。
is allowed:被允许
The unique design is based on extensive battlefield experience in full scale and low intensity conflicts, and attests to Elbit Systems' leadership in the field of turret and fire control systems.
系统的独特设计是被基于各种规模、低强度冲突中积累的广泛的战场经验，并证明了埃尔比特系统在炮塔和火控系统领域的领先地位。
is based:被基于
The recent passage of health care reform is aimed at fixing our broken system, but many of us want to know: why is our health care so expensive in the first place?
刚刚过去的医疗卫生改革被目的即在于修复我们已经崩溃的体系，但是我们很多人却想知道，首先，为什么我们的医疗花费如此昂贵？
is aimed:被目的
What is accepted as true often is relatively, and not absolutely, true. A scientific truth offers an explanation that is acceptable only in the light of what is known at a particular time.
人们认为是对的东西往往不是绝对的，而是相对的，科学的真理提供某种解释，这种解释只是按照某一特定时间内人们的知识水平来说是可以被接受的。
is accepted:被接受
Freedom of expression, at least in theory, is something everyone is entitled to regardless of their status.
人人不分身份地位，均被有权享有发表意见的自由，至少在理论上是这样。
is entitled:被有权
This is because if the same CSS class is used in two different files, it may use the one you are not expecting; it will use the one that is more qualified.
这是因为如果在两个不同的文件中被使用了同一个CSS类，它有可能被使用非您预期的那个；因为它只会被使用更符合条件的那个。
is used:被使用
In this case, the patient name is updated in two places.
如果是这样，就需要在两个位置被更新患者姓名。
is updated:被更新
In the end, what is needed is a three - way join: one self join on the output of the recursion, and a reference to the numbered source, similar to what was done in the original recursion.
最后被需要一个三路（three-way）连接：递归输出上的自连接，和对数字编号的源的引用，类似于在原先递归中所做的那样。
is needed:被需要
Now the program requires no lengthy command - line configuration; keep in mind, however, that an application written this way is hardcoded to these settings.
现在这个程序不再需要长长的命令行配置，不过要记住，以这种方式编写的应用程序被硬编码了这些设置。
is hardcoded:被硬编码
Riise and Warnock are out for 10 to 15 days and Gabriel Paletta is injured after he had a kick on his knee.
里瑟和沃尔诺克将缺阵10到15天，而帕莱塔也被受伤了，他的膝盖挨了一脚。
is injured:被受伤
The cable is titled "China increases its gold reserves in order to kill two birds with one stone".
电报的被标题是：中国增加黄金储备意在一石二鸟。
is titled:被标题
So, the bowlers do their bowling and sometimes they knock down all the pins, which is called a what? A strike.
投球手投球时,有时他们撞到了所有障碍物，这被叫什么呢，全打。
is called:被叫
He and his colleagues have studied how much xylitol is needed to actually knock out bacteria and prevent cavities, and he has two pieces of advice.
他和他的同事们已经研究出被需要多少木糖醇才能真正消灭细菌并预防蛀牙，他有两点建议。
is needed:被需要
This monograph is focused primarily upon wind effectsonlarge launch vehicles as represented by thefamily of Saturn vehicles.
这个专著，主要被集中研究大型发射飞行器上风的影响，以“土星族”飞行器为代表。
is focused:被集中
Let me lay to rest the bugaboo of what is called “devaluation .”
让我来为你们驱除被叫做“贬值”的“恶魔”。
is called:被叫
Some big Indian firms are moving into the business, but what is needed is to lift the remaining restrictions on foreign ownership and let in international experts such as Walmart, Tesco and Carrefour.
一些印度大企业正进入这一行，但该国被需要解除对外资拥有权仍然存在的限制，允许沃尔玛、特易购和家乐福等国际专家进入印度。
is needed:被需要
If the speech he is making is one that he is accustomed to make over and over again, he may be almost unconscious of what he is saying, as one is when one utters the responses in church.
如果那讲演是他被习惯了一遍又一遍重复的东西，他可能对自己在说什么几乎没有意识，就象在教堂里应声响应一样。
is accustomed:被习惯
Due to the vast amounts of data stored, technology is needed to sift through it, make sense of it, and draw conclusions from it.
由于储存数据量非常巨大，因此被需要通过技术手段从中筛选出有意义的数据并得出结论。
is needed:被需要
There are even countless songs about “falling ” in love and many a Hollywood and Bollywood movie is based on falling in love, unrequited love and love conquering all.
有数之不尽的歌曲，与“堕”入爱河有关，而且许多好莱坞和宝莱坞电影剧情都是被基于堕入爱河，不求回报的爱情和相信爱征服一切。
is based:被基于
Category and payee management is simplified with the ability to easily merge together two categories or two payees at any time.
类和收款人管理，被简化了与能力，容易合并在一起两类或两个受款人在任何时间。
is simplified:被简化
It has long been known that the amount of muscle in the body is related to bone growth, but the new study shows that fat mass is also important in building bone, particularly in girls.
众所周知，人体的肌肉与骨骼生长密切被相关。最新研究显示，脂肪组织同样对骨骼发育起着重要的作用，而且这一作用在女孩子身上尤为明显。
is related:被相关
Because the release label is embedded in each project, we have to append the release name after the application name to identify the project name.
因为发布版本被嵌入到每一个项目之中，所以在程序名识别项目名之后，我们就必须补充发布名。
is embedded:被嵌入
Information that is offered “off the record ” cannot be used at all, so most reporters will fight this arrangement unless the source is so important to the story that they have no other choice.
以"不供引用/非正式的"(offtherecord)方式所被提供的资讯，记者完全不能用，因此，除非该来源对有关新闻异常重要，记者完全没有其他选择，否则大多数记者反对这种安排。
is offered:被提供
Off the record, Pentagon insiders acknowledge that the Office of the Secretary of Defense is worried about how China will perceive an officially minted version of AirSea Battle.
私下里，五角大楼内部人士承认国防部长办公室被担心中国将如何看待美国官方版“空海一体战”计划。
is worried:被担心
The forecast loss for 2005 is based on an average price for the benchmark Brent crude oil of $43 a barrel.
2005年的亏损预测是被基于基准的布伦特原油每桶43美元的平均价格。
is based:被基于
What is required now is for this country to pull together, confront boldly the challenges we face, and take responsibility for our future once more.
美国现在所必被需要的是齐心协力，大胆正视我们所面临的挑战，再一次地为我们的未来而负起责任来。
is required:被需要的
If one in a thousand of that hate is concentrated in a droplet it is enough to poison a nation.
把这份恨意的千分之一被集中到一滴水里，那都可以毒死整个国家！
is concentrated:被集中
The first order of business is to ensure that atime logging is disabled on file systems.
首先要做的是，确保在文件系统上被禁用atime日志记录特性。
is disabled:被禁用
Of course between an ideas's out of date and dying out, it is needed to have a driving force, and it is needed to have a man, who lifts stone to drop it on one's own feet.
当然在一个观念的过时和消亡之间，还被需要一个推动力，还被需要一个人，一个搬起石头砸自己脚的人。
is needed:被需要
Obviously, deep insight in the supply chain is needed here to understand whether or not all replenishments are on schedule.
显然，这里被需要深入探察供应链中发生的情况，才能了解所有产品补充步骤是否都在按计划正常执行。
is needed:被需要
The lubricating bottle is fixed on the beam of the textile machine by a rubberized fabric.
润滑瓶用胶布被固定于纺织设备上的横梁上。
is fixed:被固定
Next, place your arm on a table so the cuff is positioned at the same level as your heart.
接下来，你把手臂放在桌上，以便即时被定位是处于同一水平你的心。
is positioned:被定位
In practice, the amount of memory set aside for survivor space is adjusted on the fly depending on the percentage of objects that survive each collection.
实际上，预留为幸存者空间的内存量会根据在每次收集中幸存下来的对象的百分比进行实时被调整。
is adjusted:被调整
The string operation to be performed may result in different outputs, depending on the string length unit that is used for counting the characters.
待执行的字符串操作可能导致不同的输出，取决于计算字符所被使用的字符串长度单元。
is used:被使用
Any sudden change, and the clam is closed for business, although never fast enough to put a person out of commission.
任何突然的变化，巨蚌都会被关门停业，虽然绝不会快到夹住一个人。
is closed:被关门
The data is typically out of date, or when the data is needed in an emergency situation, the database is inaccessible.
数据常常是过时的，或者在紧急情况下被需要数据时无法访问数据库。
is needed:被需要
The processor is allowed to execute operations out of order under some circumstances.
在某些情况下，可以被允许处理器以颠倒的次序执行一些操作。
is allowed:被允许
They speak a language – the dialect is called Inuktun – that has never fully been written down, and they pass down their stories and traditions orally.
他们的语言是一种被叫做Inuktun的方言，这种语言从来没有完备的书写系统，部族的故事和传统依靠口耳相传。
is called:被叫
If the mismatch is caused by a virus, the antivirus software may be able to patch up the damage.
如果失常是由病毒被引起的，这种反病毒程序能够修补这些损坏。
is caused:被引起的
Over time, it is hoped that the banks pay will pay back the cash, but there is no guarantee they will.
政府只能寄被希望于银行业日后能以现金偿还，但这一点可没保证。
is hoped:被希望
The direction of luminiferous evacuation indicator is fixed in complex fire accident scene, that is difficult to play safe and effective role in the evacuation instructions.
发光型疏散指示牌的指引方向被固定不变，在复杂的火灾事故现场难于起到安全有效的疏散指示作用。
is fixed:被固定
For someone like me who works at a nonprofit and is interested in world issues and this type of simulation, it's likely that I may try to play the game again sometime.
像我一样的一些人，在非营利组织工作，对世界局势和这类的解决方法被感兴趣，就像我一样会时不时地尝试再次玩这些游戏。
is interested:被感兴趣
The centre of the Milky Way is crowded with stars; so crowded, in fact, that astronomers think that one must plunge into this black hole every 100, 000 years or so.
银河系的中心挤满了星星；而事实上，这样的被拥挤让天文学家认为每100,000年左右就会有一颗星星跳入黑洞中。
is crowded:被拥挤
Only one temperature independent parameter is needed for the density calculation from triple point up to - critical point for both polar and nonpolar liquids including strongly associating liquids.
只被需要一个物理意义明确、能用普遍化方法加以计算且和温度无关的参数，方程即可用于极性、非极性、缔合液体从三相点一直到临界点密度的计算。
is needed:被需要
The Toxoplasma then continues its life cycle in the cat's gut, until it is pooped out.
被弓被形被虫被随被后被会被在被猫被的被肠被道被内被继被续被它被的被生被命被周被期被，被直被到被它被随被粪被便被排被出被。被
is pooped:被
Not only does he sing, dance, and play the piano, drums, guitar, and trumpet, he is possessed of the prototypical “baby face” to which girls are known to which respond favorably.
他不仅能唱能跳，会钢琴、鼓、吉他和小号，还被拥有一张少女都喜欢的标准娃娃脸。
is possessed:被拥有
Provided that your source code is versioned properly, you should be able to recreate any previous release through the build process.
倘若你的源代码很好地得到了被版本控制，那么通过构建过程你能够重新生成任何被版本的产品。
is versioned:被版本
Stay with your luggage until it is checked in. If you must put your bag down, keep one foot on the handle.
伴你直到被检查行李，如果你一定要把你的袋子进来了，一只脚就保存处理。
is checked:被检查
The surgeon looks through a special lighted telescope that is connected to a video - TV camera which is put through one of the cannulas.
外科医生通过套管放置一个被连接了微型摄像机的有光源的微距镜头（腹腔镜）观察手术区域。
is connected:被连接
The gridline is fixed in place and a gridline indicator appears in the rail at the end of the gridline.
网格线被固定到位，并将在轨道中网格线的末尾显示一个网格线指示符。
is fixed:被固定
It is not, "he continued. "The only thing to read into the code versioning is that we are absolutely committed to making sure application compatibility is optimized for our customers ."
关于使用6.1作为代码的版本号是否影响到Window7的重要性有一些争论.但是对于代码版本我们唯一关注的是软件的兼容性是否为用户被优化了.
is optimized:被优化
Values restrain from to be one inherent to restrain from, it is one that is restraining from externally that is supplemented effectively.
价值观约束是一种内在约束，是对外在约束的一种有效被补充。
is supplemented:被补充
A Chinese English student must restrain from using the Chinese-English translation thinking process that he is accustomed to.
身为一个中国的英语学习者必须学会控制已经被习惯了的汉英翻译思考过程。
is accustomed:被习惯
Many confuse the term REST with architecture; rather, it is used here as an application programming interface that enables a Web 2. 0 architecture.
很多人都会将术语REST与体系结构混淆，我们这里将其作为支持Web2.0体系结构的应用程序编程接口被使用。
is used:被使用
The nested loop join method is used to join the remote query result from each warehouse and the XML composite view result.
这里被使用了嵌套的循环连接方法来连接来自每个仓库的远程查询结果和XML合成视图结果。
is used:被使用
The principle of reflectivity measurement using CRDS is analyzed in detail, and the curves between the ring down time and reflectivity are obtained by simulating the processes of cavity ring down.
重点被分析了CRDS测量超高反射率的原理，对反射率与衰荡时间的关系曲线进行了模拟。
is analyzed:被分析
For demonstration purposes, the transfer operation is modified to roll back the transaction whenever the transfer amount is an even number.
出于演示的目的，我们将转帐操作被修改为每当转帐金额是偶数时就回滚事务。
is modified:被修改
What is needed is antennae that are large enough to round up most of these errant waves, but small enough to keep the system relatively mobile.
被需要将天线设计得足够大以收集尽可能多的这种微弱信号，但为了保持其灵活性也得设计得尽可能的小些。
is needed:被需要
Everything is compiled from source so it's lightning fast, and you always get the choice of whether to upgrade the kernel and which software does or doesn't run on your system.
所有的都是从源代码被编译来的，所以它像闪电一样快。你总是可以选择是否升级内核，哪些软件可以，哪些软件不可以在你的系统上运行。
is compiled:被编译
Another way of dealing with it that she is satisfied with must happen.
解决这件事的另一种方法是她要对已发生的事情感到被满意。
is satisfied:被满意
Differences exist in what data is displayed when a load test runs and what data that you can see after a load test has completed.
在负载测试执行和测试的负载之后，您可以看到的资料已完成时，会被显示何种资料存在的差异。
is displayed:被显示
At these minor milestones, progress is assessed against the goals and objectives set forth by the team in the iteration plan.
在这些局部的里程碑上，要根据目的和目标集由团队被评估迭代计划中的进展。
is assessed:被评估
If this value is set to 0, all logging is saved in the same file, regardless of the date.
如果将该值设置为0，则所有日志记录都被保存在同一个文件中，与日期无关。
is saved:被保存
When you create a new instance, the appropriate read / write permissions are set on these files, and it is recommended that you do not change these permissions.
当创建一个新的实例时，系统会在这些文件上设置适当的读/写权限，被建议不要修改这些权限。
is recommended:被建议
It is recommended that contributors also follow the contribution process (managed model) because only then can these entries show up in the catalog.
被建议贡献者同时遵循贡献流程（托管模型），因为只有这样才能在目录中显示这些条目。
is recommended:被建议
He would rather skip classes to study in the library, watch online videos of Harvard or Yale lectures, or sit in on other courses he is interested in.
他宁愿翘课去图书馆自习，在线观看哈佛或耶鲁讲课视频，或去旁听其它一些自己被感兴趣的课程。
is interested:被感兴趣
The president can go China next week, sit with the Chinese and make clear what he is prepared to do, make clear what the Senate is prepared do.
总统下周将前往中国，与中国举行会谈，明确表明他被准备做什么，明确表明参议院被准备做什么。
is prepared:被准备
Savage's body armor is based on Roman armor, with thin metal plates that slide over each other for a greater range of movement.
萨瓦奇的护身甲是被基于罗马盔甲设计的，薄薄的铁片之间互相滑动，便于做更大幅度的动作。
is based:被基于
One is called the S - N curve of surface fracture mode. It is governed by a crystal slip on the specimen surface, which occurs in the region of short fatigue life and high stress amplitude level.
一组被叫做表面破坏模式的S-N曲线，它发生在高应力幅短寿命区，是由试样表面晶体滑移引起的。
is called:被叫
The postcard is dated 1916 and bears a cartoon picture of a newly - recruited soldier on the front.
明信片被日期是1916年，前面画了一个刚刚应征入伍的士兵的卡通形象。
is dated:被日期
The developed country is in stand-in with using its system advantage to be in international trade, in forming international trade "the system is discriminated against".
发达国家以利用其制度优势在国际贸易中处于有利地位，并形成了国际贸易中的“制度被歧视”。
is discriminated:被歧视
The only hard rule the couple have to stick by is the 40 mile per hour speed limit the 83 -year old car is restricted to.
这对夫妇唯一必须要坚持的硬性规定就是这辆“83岁”的老车时速被限制在40英里以内。
is restricted:被限制
Lens flares also occur anytime a very bright object is recorded but are usually identified as they string out in a line from the Sun.
镜头光晕同样会在被记录一个很明亮的物体时出现，但是很容易鉴别，他们经常连成踊条从太阳开始的直线。
is recorded:被记录
A counterbalance is used on most pumpers to balance the weight of oil and sucker- rod string on the upstroke and the sucker - rod string on the down stroke.
在大多数抽油机上都被使用平衡块来平衡在上冲程时的油和抽油杆柱的重量以及在下冲程时的抽油杆柱重量。
is used:被使用
If the server is configured to distribute events, applications called event consumers can listen to queues or subscribe to topics to receive specific event information.
如果服务器的被配置是分发事件，那么事件消费者应用程序可以监听队列或订阅的主题来接收指定的事件信息。
is configured:被配置
Its venom is stored in an elbow patch: the loris will suck in the poison from the patch, then mix it around in its mouth before delivering a toxic bite.
它的毒液被储存在肘部处：懒猴会从肘部处吸入毒液，然后将毒液在嘴里混嚼，接着就能进行有毒的一咬了。
is stored:被储存
If the round- robin database method is used then the RRD4j library provides a standalone Swing application that you can use to read and process the database.
如果被使用了轮询数据库，则可以采用RRD4j类库提供的一个标准Swing应用程序来读取或处理该数据库。
is used:被使用
The electric station is controlled with the help of the mnemocircuit. The computer can be used to switch on and off the entire equipment on the electric station.
借助于简略电路对发电站进行被控制。计算机可开关发电站的所有设备。
is controlled:被控制
Because the office refrigerator is unowned by any individual, no one feels responsibility to take care of it, and certainly no one wants to take time out of his or her busy workday to do so.
办公室里的冰箱因为被不属于任何一个个人，没有人觉得自己有责任去管理或者照顾它，当然也没人在繁忙的工作时间抽出时间去做那些事情。
is unowned:被不属于
Kidney in the face is expressed as: pale, dark circles, dark color around the lips, emitting a haggard face, signs of hair there is no vitality, such people simply do not take sides with beauty.
肾虚在脸上的被表示为：脸色惨白，黑眼圈，嘴唇周围的肤色发暗，面容散发出枯槁的迹象，头发也没有活力，这样的人简直与美女不搭边。
is expressed:被表示
Jack is ordered to talk to no one, and he obeys the command.
据他的指令，杰克不能与任何人交谈，杰克遵从了这个被命令。
is ordered:被命令
A product package clip has tamper evident protection which is formed integrally with the clip.
一种产品包装夹具具有与该夹具整体被形成的拆封显见保护。
is formed:被形成的
This is useful in minimizing the damage of stealing the token while it travels (in the clear) to and fro, as well as while it is stored on the clients' computers.
这对当它来回漫游（不受阻碍）时最小化窃取标识的损坏很有用处，而且在它被储存在客户的计算机上也很有用。
is stored:被储存
Global economy is controlled by Jews a result of Jewish cleverness.) Women are stupid and any appearance to the contrary is because they are quite good at covering it up over sometimes.
全球经济是由犹太人被控制的,都是犹太人聪明才智的结果）,女的都是愚蠢的，任何相反的情况都是,因为她们有时很会把这点隐藏得很好。
is controlled:被控制
To wait on an event, semop () function is used with sem_op value as - 1 thus blocking the calling process until it is signaled.
要等待某个事件，则可以被使用semop()函数，并将 sem_op 的值设置为-1，这样就可以阻塞调用进程，直到它变为有信号状态为止。
is used:被使用
They pump water down an injection wells (the blue well), where it is heated by the rock.
他们把水压入注水井（蓝井）下，在井里，岩石把水加被热。
is heated:被热
Today this fragile construct is threatened by what for China is a new phenomenon – that of inward migration.
今天，它那脆弱的结构受到了被威胁，被威胁来自于一个对中国来说十分陌生的现象——外国移民。
is threatened:被威胁
Therefore, love is expressed by fulfilling one's relationship- defined obligations with all one's heart and soul.
因此，爱是用全心全力完成自己的义务和责任来被表示的。
is expressed:被表示
The center is headquartered in Xichang, the capital of the Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture, within reach of hundreds of Yi villages.
中心被总部在凉山州首府西昌，并深入到上千个彝族乡村。
is headquartered:被总部
The reason why aberration emerges is analyzed and a way to correct the aberration is also given.
结合现场高速摄影观测的实际情况，被分析了产生像差的原因并进行了校正。
is analyzed:被分析
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms-house as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳被反射在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；在那门前，积雪同在早春融化。
is reflected:被反射
The room is stratified setting, among with gradient bigger stair or turn ladder is linked together, virtually twice enlarged valid usable floor area, and abound change.
房间被分层设置，中间以坡度较大的楼梯或转梯相连，无形中成倍扩大了有效的使用面积，并且富于变化。
is stratified:被分层
The abrasive cause from structure is analyzed and work condition against the wear of the chute of scraper conveyor.
针对刮板输送机中部槽磨损，从结构及工况入手，被分析磨损原因，提出改进方案。
is analyzed:被分析
If the police power of the states is allowed to abridge the contract rights of parties, it will continue until private property disappears completely.
如果警察权被允许用来削减立约权，那么它将持续到私人财产完全消失为止。
is allowed:被允许
As a preliminary design costs, in the absence of the circumstances, the company is limited input.
而由于无前期设计费用，在没有把握的情况下，公司投入的必然被有限。
is limited:被有限
The Spanish ace is tipped as a contender for the accolade – which is also known as European Footballer of the Year - after netting 33 goals in the Barclays Premier League last term.
被在被上被赛被季被英被超被联被赛被打被进被3被3被球被后被，被西被班被牙被前被锋被成被为被本被年被度被欧被洲被足被球被先被生被的被候被选被人被。被
is tipped:被
An insurance company is encouraged to elect directors through the accumulative voting system.
被鼓励保险公司采取累积投票制选举董事。
is encouraged:被鼓励
The injector with accumulator booster is improved based on the analyses on the principle and the existed problems.
在分析蓄压式喷油器工作原理及存在的问题的基础上，提出了一种被改进方法。
is improved:被改进
The oil buffer with air accumulator is a little size buffer which is designed meeting the demand of development of high speed elevator.
带皮囊式蓄能器的油压缓冲器是根据现行高速电梯发展的需要而被设计的一种小尺寸液压缓冲器。
is designed:被设计
CDD series accumulator electric stacker vehicle:It is designed according to human mechanical project principle and is small and beautiful in appearance, it is flexible and comfortable in operating.
CDD系列蓄电池全电动堆垛车：根据人机工程学原理，整车被设计小巧美观，操纵灵活、舒适。
is designed:被设计
The kinetic mechanism of hydrolysis oft-butyl chloride is studied by NMR in 60% volume aqueous acetone.
运用NMR技术对叔丁基氯在60％丙酮水溶液中的水解动力学机理进行了被研究。
is studied:被研究
Then architecture description language (ADL) is analyzed, and ACME is choosed to describe the system in a formalized language, and UML is to model system in a visualized language.
接着重点分析了体系结构描述语言ADL，被选择一种可交换的体系结构描述语言——ACME来作为形式化描述语言，被选择了统一建模语言——UML作为可视化建模语言，为集成建模作理论准备。
is choosed:被选
A kindly benefactor, he is admired and enjoyed by everyone who makes his acquaintance.
他是个乐善好施的大好人，认识他人各个都被赞赏与喜爱他。
is admired:被赞赏
There are two entirely different types of autofocus "speed. "One is speed of acquisition, the other is speed of tracking; these are often either confused or glommed together.
有两种完全不同类型的自动对焦“被速度”。一种是捕获目标的被速度，另一种是跟踪目标的被速度；这两个概念经常混淆在一起。
is speed:被速度
The steering wheel rotates time, only then the addendum circle and two spoke strip in the extension, the circular central part is fixed does not transfer.
方向盘转动的时候只有外圈和两条辐条在转，圆形中央部分是被固定不转的。
is fixed:被固定
Thelaminated short addendum shaving-cutter, which is designed by adoption of the theory in this paper, has better universality. The stock of shaving-cutters may be greatly cut down.
按本文被设计的叠片式小啮合角剃齿刀通用性好，有利于减少刀具库存。
is designed:被设计
Any risk of freezing is avoided by addition of an approved freezing point depressant.
任何冻结危险均经过添加批准使用的冰点抑制剂得以被避免；
is avoided:被避免
The following adduce a few example, do an analysis, hope to them study standard is helped somewhat.
以下举出几个事例，并做分析，希望对他们学习标准有所被帮助。
is helped:被帮助
Our model ER586 refrigerator is designed on modern lives and gives.
我们ER586型号的冰箱是为现代化生活及需求所被设计。
is designed:被设计
"Any ship that crosses the pacific is accompanied for many days by the smaller albatross, which may keep company with the vessel for an hour without visible or more than occasional movement of wing. "
横渡太平洋的船舶一连好几天总会有几只较小的信天翁被伴随其左右,它们可以跟着船飞行一个小时而不动一下翅膀,或者只是偶尔抖动一下。
is accompanied:被伴随
"Cocaine: Heterocyclic compound (C17H21NO4), an alkaloid obtained from coca leaves. It has legal uses in medicine and dentistry as a local anesthetic But far more is used illegally, usually as the hydrochloride."
古柯碱:杂环化合物,化学式为C17H21NO4,一种取自古柯叶部的白色晶状生物碱。现已在医学和牙科方面合法用作局部麻醉药,但有更多人非法被使用,把它当作盐酸化物。
is used:被使用
"Consumers:Unilever is committed to providing branded products and services which consistently offer value in terms of price and quality, and which are safe for their intended use. "
消费者：联合利华被承诺给消费者提供品质稳定、价格公道、使用安全的品牌产品与服务。
is committed:被承诺
"Cream is graded by percentage of fat content. In the U.S., half-and-half, a mixture of milk and cream, contains 10.5-18% Butterfat; light cream, commonly served with coffee, contains no less than 18%;"
商品乳脂按脂肪含量被分级:在美国,牛奶和乳脂的混合物,含乳脂肪10.5～18%;配咖啡的轻质乳脂,一般含乳脂肪不少于18%;
is graded:被分级
"For this design, the completeness of unit function and coordination of whole line operation is considered with a stress on process data network management, to make the automation level of the line satisfy requirements of a modern line reaching the level of late nineties."
本次设计将充分被考虑各部分单体设备功能的完整性和机组整体运行的协调性，强化过程数据网络管理概念，使整套机组的自动化装机水平真正能够满足该现代化生产线的总体要求，达到90年代中后期水平。
is considered:被考虑
"Fungi, viruses, bacteria, and some others. For example, rust, which we have just mentioned, is caused by fungi; fire blight of fruit trees and bacterial blight of beans by bacteria mosaic by viruses; and root knot by nematodes. "
有真菌、病毒、细菌等等。例如，我们刚才提到的锈病是由真菌被引起的，果树的火疫病和豆类的细菌性疫病是由细菌被引起的，花叶病是由病毒被引起的，根癌病是由线虫被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
"Further upgrading is needed to make Chinese a major medium through which Singapore's public-minded intellectuals can discuss important national and even global issues, pass down and enrich their cultural heritage and record their delicate and profound thoughts."
接着便被需要进一步提升，让华语华文也成为新加坡公众知识分子在讨论家国天下大事，进行文化传承和创新以及记录精致思维的重要资源。
is needed:被需要
"If a doctor is biased against the patient's efforts, then it is unlikely to have a good outcome."
“如果医生对病人的努力有被偏见，那么就不太可能有好结果。”
is biased:被偏见
"If a party fails to pay on time any amount stipulated as payable in the contract or any other amount related to the contract that is payable, the other party is entitled to interest on the amount in arrears. The method for calculating the interest may be specified in the contract."
当事人一方未按期支付合同规定的应付金额或者与合同有关的其他应付金额的，另一方被有权收取迟延支付金额的利息。计算利息的方法，可以在合同中约定。
is entitled:被有权
"If a party fails to pay the price or any other sum that is in arrears, the other party is entitled to interest on it, without prejudice to any claim for damages recoverable under article 74."
如果一方当事人没有支付价款或任何其它拖欠金额,另一方当事人被有权对这些款额收取利息,但不妨碍要求按照第七十四条规定可以取得的损害赔偿。
is entitled:被有权
"If the rack is fixed and the pinion is carried in Bearings on a table guided on tracks parallel to the rack, rotation of the pinion shaft will move the table parallel to the rack."
如果齿条被固定,小齿轮装在工作台的轴承上,而工作台所在的导轨与齿条平行,那么小齿轮的轴转动时,就会带动工作台平行齿条而移动。
is fixed:被固定
"In altered, more potent, cheaper forms (freebase, crack), cocaine is injected or smoked and is extremely addictive (see drug addiction) and detrimental to health."
古柯碱还可以被注射法或化学烟雾法吸食,然上瘾性更强,对人体健康的伤害亦较大。
is injected:被注射
"In its basic form, it is calculated as the ratio of the accounting profit generated by an investment project to the required capital outlay, expressed as a percentage."
其基本形式被计算为投资项目所产生的会计利润与所需资本费用的比率，用百分数表示。
is calculated:被计算
"In steam systems, steam is generated in the Boiler and led to radiators through pipes."
在蒸汽系统中,由锅炉被产生蒸汽,经由管道将蒸汽导入散热器。
is generated:被产生
"In these, the wheel is put into place and air pressure is used to force the tire bead away from the rim. This machine will remove a tire from a wheel rim in a few seconds."
被使用这种设备时,只要把轮胎安装到位,气压装置就把轮缘从辋圈中压出,这种装置在几秒钟的时间内即可将轮胎从辋圈中拆下来。
is used:被使用
"It is estimated that over the course of one year, Americans suffer 1 Billion colds. But new research shows that all it may take to avoid this common affliction is a positive and upBeat attitude."
据被估计,美国一年中有十亿人患感冒。而新的研究表明只要有积极乐观的态度,就可以避免这一常见的疾
is estimated:被估计
"It is opposed by many as cruelty and supported by others on the ground that it advances medicine; a middle position is to oppose unnecessarily cruel practices, use alternatives when possible, and restrict experiments to necessary medical research (as opposed, for example, to cosmetics testing)."
许多人认为太过残忍而被反对，其它人则以医学进步的理由表示支持；中立者被反对不必要的残忍练习，尽可能利用替代方案，限制实验在必要的医学研究（被反对如化妆品试验）。
is opposed:被反对
"It is treated with antibiotics, fluid replacement, and sometimes Blood transfusion."
被治疗以使用抗生素为基础,严重脱水的病人需要大量补液,某些病例可能需要输血。
is treated:被治疗
"Its occurrence in milk has been suggested as the reason that drinking milk before Bedtime helps people sleep. It is used in medicine and nutrition research, in enriched foods, and as a dietary supplement. "
它存在于牛奶中,这是牛奶能帮助睡眠的原因。它在医学和营养学研究中都得到被使用,在食物和奶制品中亦是如此。
is used:被使用
"Legal non-payment of tax is called "tax avoidance"; illegal non-payment is "tax evasion""
合法的不支付税款被叫作"避税";非法的的不交税是"逃税"。
is called:被叫
"Metal piercing, incendiary or tracer ammunition is prohibited from IPSC competitions. "
穿甲弹、烧夷弹或曳光弹在IPSC竞赛中是明令被禁止的。
is prohibited:被禁止的
"Molasses, the syrup remaining after sugar is crystallized out of the juice, is used in cooking, in making rum, and as feed for farm animals. Residual cane fibre (Bagasse) is Burned as fuel or used as filler for paper and particleboard. "
制糖时将糖液中被结晶出来的糖移去后所余的糖浆俗称糖蜜,可用来制兰姆酒和饲养家畜。榨取糖液后所余的蔗渣可用作燃料或用来造纸和压制碎料板。
is crystallized:被结晶
"Most companies don't build warehouses or come up with proprietary inventory and warehouse-management software,"says Greg Runvan, a senior analyst at The Yankee Group in Boston, "so what we're seeing is outsourced order fulfillment.
波士顿Yankee集团的高级分析师Greg Runyan说：“大多数公司不会构建仓库或者搞专有的库存和仓库管理软件。所以我们正在看到的是把订单的实现被外包出去。
is outsourced:被外包
"Natural resins are usually transparent or translucent yellow to brown and can melt and burn. Most are exuded from trees, especially pines and firs (see conifer), when the bark is injured or stripped. The fluid secretion usually dries out and hardens into a material that can be worked."
天然树脂通常是透明的，或者是半透明的黄色到棕色物，能够熔化和燃烧。大部分在树皮被受伤后从树木中渗出，尤其是松树和冷杉树。通常流体分泌物会变干和硬化（于是成为「催干油」）。
is injured:被受伤
"Nitrous oxide (or laughing gas):Inorganic compound, one of the oxides of nitrogen. A colourless gas with a pleasantly sweetish odour and taste, it has an analgesic effect when inhaled; it is used as an anesthetic (often called just "gas") in dentistry and surgery."
氧化亚氮（亦称笑气）：化学式N2O。无机化合物，为氮的一种氧化物。无色气体，有令人愉快和微甜的气味，吸入时有镇痛药的效果，在牙科和手术中当作麻醉药（通常只称其为「气」）被使用。
is used:被使用
"Nitrous oxide (or laughing gas)：Inorganic compound, one of the oxides of nitrogen. A colourless gas with a pleasantly sweetish odour and taste, it has an analgesic effect when inhaled; it is used as an anesthetic (often called just "gas") in dentistry and surgery."
氧化亚氮(亦称笑气):化学式N2O。无机化合物，为氮的一种氧化物。无色气体，有令人愉快和微甜的气味，吸入时有镇痛药的效果，在牙科和手术中当作麻醉药(通常只称其为「气」)被使用。
is used:被使用
"Peony room is located at Leavel-10, North Building of Peace Hotel, which is the best place to hold meeting and banquet."
被位于北楼十楼,每次可容纳40-50人就餐,能够举办中小型宴会、酒会、召开各种类型的座谈会、茶话会、可称得上"多功能餐厅"。
is located:被位于
"Split ends occur when the cuticle is damaged and the fibres of the cortex unravel. The hair is dry, brittle, and prone to tangling, and can split at the end or anywhere along the shaft."
发梢开叉是角质层被受损和皮层的纤维开裂所致。头发干燥、脆弱、易缠绕,会在发梢或发干的任何部位分叉。
is damaged:被受损
"Take a look at this temple,"he lectured, sounding just like a travel guide. "This type of temple roof is called a'helmet roof' -- it does look rather like a steel helmet, doesn't it ?"
“瞧这座庙，”他像个导游一样给他介绍说，“这种庙顶被叫盔顶，你看它像不像顶钢盔？”
is called:被叫
"The Buyer: Shall mean the SARTID a.d., a legal person registered under the laws and regulations of F.R. Yugoslavia whose head office is situated at 11300 Smederevo 12, Goranska Street F.R. Yugoslavia."
买方:应指SARTID公司,一家依据南斯拉夫联邦共和国法律成立和存续的法人,其公司总部被位于斯梅德热沃,格拉斯卡大街12号,邮编11300。
is situated:被位于
"The Seller: Shall mean China National Metals & Minerals Import & Export Corp.(abbreviated as MINMETALS), a legal person registered under the laws and regulations of PR. China, whose head office is situated at 5 Sanlihe Road, Beijing, China 100044."
卖方:应指中国五金矿产进出口总公司(缩写为"五矿"),一家依据中华人民共和国法律成立并存续的法人,公司总部被位于中国北京三里河路5号,邮编100044;
is situated:被位于
"The electric power is generated by an alternator mechanically coupled to the engine, with a rotor field coil supplied with current through slip rings, and a stator with a three-phase winding."
电力由机械上与引擎并立的交流发电机被产生,带有一个经由滑圈供电的旋转电场线圈,还有一个具有三维线圈的定子。
is generated:被产生
"The rest of the liquid passes through the ureters to the bladder. Urine is stored in the bladder, until it passes from the body through urethra,"
其余的液体经排尿管流入膀胱。尿在膀胱中被储存，然后经尿道排出体外。
is stored:被储存
"The source substance, which must contain sugar, is fermented by yeast to produce alcohol. The alcohol is then aerated, which causes it to convert, through the action of Acetobacter Bacteria, to acetic acid, water, and various other compounds."
原料中必含糖,酵母被发酵后生成酒精,酒精受醋酸杆菌的作用,即生成醋酸、水和各种其它化合物。
is fermented:被发酵
"The symptoms are sore throat, trouble in swallowing, fever, and enlarged lymph nodes on the neck. The infection, which usually lasts about five days, is treated with Bed rest and antiseptic gargling."
症状有咽痛、吞咽困难、发热及颈部淋巴结肿大。感染时间通常持续约五天。其被治疗方法包括卧床休息和用消毒液漱口。
is treated:被治疗
"This tube is enlarged in mine areas and coiled in others. It extends from the mouth to the anus, the lower end of the large intestine."
这根管子在某些部位被扩大，在另外一些部位盘绕。它从口一直延伸到肛门，大肠的下端。
is enlarged:被扩大
"Traditional Chinese painting has many styles. One of them, done in the meticulous and realistic style, is called Gongbi. Gongbi painting is characterized by fine brushwork, close attention to detail and bright colors."
中国传统绘画风格流派甚多，一种写实的手法被叫工笔画。工笔画笔法细腻，注重细节和色彩绚丽。
is called:被叫
"Urine output falls, and the kidneys cannot filter wastes from the Blood. Irreversible shock can occur at this point. The cause of dehydration is treated first; then water and electrolytes must be given in the correct proportions. "
如果脱水持续,尿量开始急遽减少,肾脏就不能把废物从血液中排出,此时就会不可避免地发生休克。被治疗时,首先要找出病因,然后以正确的比例补充水分和电解质。
is treated:被治疗
"Usually measured over an arm or leg artery in humans, blood pressure is expressed as two numbers; normal adult blood pressure is about 120/80 mm of mercury. The higher number (systolic) is measured when the heart's ventricles contract and the lower (diastolic) when they relax. "
人的血压通常在臂动脉或股动脉处可测得，用两个数字来被表示；正常的成人血压约为120/80mmHg。较大的数字（收缩压）是在心室收缩时测得的，较低的数字（舒张压）为心室舒张时测得的。
is expressed:被表示
"When the ignition key is turned against spring pressure past the ON position to START, the starting contacts close. This connects the cranking-motor solenoid or magnetic switch to the Battery."
被转动点火钥匙,弹簧的压力使"开启"位置变为"启动"位置,起动接触器闭合,使得起动电机线圈或磁性开关与电池接通。
is turned:被转动
"When the instrument is situated at more than 700 miles from the earthquake center, the graphic record shows three waves arriving one after the other at short intervals. "
当仪器被位于地震中心700英里以外时,图形记录就会出现前后相隔不久的三种波。
is situated:被位于
"Without extensive mechanization it is estimated that cotton requires about 150 man-hours per acre, a greater labor input than for any other major crop."
据被估计，若无充分的机械化，种植1英亩棉花约需150个工时。这比种植其它任何主要农作物投入的劳力都多。
is estimated:被估计
"all film sound other .than dialogue, narration, and music is called sound effects. Some sound effects correspond to the action in the visual image; as waves are seen breaking on the shore, the sound of breaking waves is heard."
影片中的声音除对白，旁白和音乐外都被叫音响效果。有些音响效果是与画面中的情节一致的。比如，出现了波涛拍打海岸的画面，就响起了与之相应的声音。
is called:被叫
"anti: a person who is opposed to something, such as a group, policy, proposal, or practice."
被反对者,被反对分子: 对某东西,如集团、政策、建议或措施持被反对意见的人。
is opposed:被反对
"brain damage:Injury to the brain that is caused by various conditions, such as head trauma, inadequate oxygen supply, infection, or intracranial hemorrhage, and that may be associated with a behavioral or functional abnormality."
脑损伤:由各种情形,如头部损伤、缺氧、感染或颅内出血而被引起的大脑损伤,可伴随行为或功能异常。
is caused:被引起的
"collateral is provided partly for the purpose specified in the definition of ""market collateral""and partly for other purposes, the collateral is in this Ordinance market collateral in so far as it has been provided for that specified purpose."
被提供抵押品的部分目的是“市场抵押品”的定义中所指明的，而部分为其他目的，则在本条例中，在为该指明目的而被提供该抵押品的范围内，该抵押品是市场抵押品。
is provided:被提供
"he is not liable to any person in respect of any loss or damage resulting from his action except in so far as the loss or damage, as the case may be, is caused by the office-holder's own negligence."
则他不须就其行动所被引起的损失或损害，对任何人负上法律责任，但有关人员如因本身的疏忽而导致的损失或损害，则须由他负上法律责任。
is caused:被引起的
"or to transport, purchase or sell without legal certification goods or articles whose importation or exportation is restricted By the State and which are in relatively large quantities or of a relatively high value."
或者运输、收购、贩卖国家被限制进出口的货物、物品,数额较大,没有合法证明的。
is restricted:被限制
'The ship of state is going off the rails' is mixed metaphor.
国家这艘航船快要出轨了是一个被混合隐喻。
is mixed:被混合
(1822-1895) French chemist and biologist whose discovery that fermentation is caused by microorganisms resulted in the process of pasteurization.
（1822-1895）发现发酵是由微生物被引起的法国化学家和生物学家。
is caused:被引起的
(iii) "affiliated"with another person when it controls, or is controlled by, that other person;
（iii）与另一成员具有“附属”关系，如该法人被控制该另一人，或为该另一人所被控制；
is controlled:被控制
(in soccer) a place kick that is allowed for a foul or infringement by the other team.
（在英式足球中）因为其它队的犯规或伤害而被允许的一个定位踢球。
is allowed:被允许
(law) all the means by which any alleged matter of fact whose truth is investigated at judicial trial is established or disproved.
（法律）在司法问讯被调查中确定或否定口说事实真实性的所有方法。
is investigated:被调查
2. A program that wants to call the service S that is registered in step one gets the binding information for the advertised service.
2. 应用程序需要调用步骤一中被注册的服务S，首先需要得到公布的服务的绑定信息。
is registered:被注册
2000YEAR′S HOTEL is managed by Zhuhai Holiday Resort Hotel Management Co.. And it equipped with 300 guest rooms, business center,multifunctional hall，restaurant ,shops,beauty salon ,chess &cards room, billiard, .table-tennis, health center and gym room.
酒店聘请珠海度假村酒店被管理公司被管理，有各类型客房近300间，商务中心、多功能宴会厅、餐厅、精品店、美容美发、棋牌室、桌球、乒乓球、健康中心、健身房一应俱全。
is managed:被管理
8. When the main force of our troops is concentrated to annihilate the enemy, it must co-ordinate its operations with vigorous activities by the regional formations, local guerrillas and people's militia.
（八）我军主力被集中歼敌的时候，必须同地方兵团、地方游击队和民兵的积极活动，互相配合。
is concentrated:被集中
NIV] The land mourns and wastes away, Lebanon is ashamed and withers; Sharon is like the Arabah, and Bashan and Carmel drop their leaves.
9 [和合]地上悲8哀衰残，利巴嫩被羞愧枯干；沙仑象旷野，巴珊和迦密的树林凋残。
is ashamed:被羞愧
9.Details concerning methods of leadership are not dealt with here; it is hoped that comrades in all localities will themselves do some hard thinking and give full play to their own creativeness on the basis of the principles here set forth.
（九）领导方法问题上的各个细节问题，这里不一一说到，被希望各地同志根据这里所说的原则方针自己去用心思索，发扬自己的创造力。
is hoped:被希望
A Breach of contract committed by one of the parties is fundamental if it results in such detriment to the other party as substantially to deprive him of what he is entitled to expect under the contract.
一方当事人违反合同的结果,如使另一方当事人蒙受损害,以致于实际上剥夺了他根据合同规定被有权期待得到的东西,即为根本违反合同。
is entitled:被有权
A US defense official, speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed a Washington Post report that in a new national security strategy, the United States is expected to take pre-emptive military actions to counter the above-described terrorist threat.
美国国防部一位不愿透露姓名的官员证实「华盛顿邮报」的报导说，被预料美国将在新的国家安全策略中，采取先发制人的军事攻击来对付上述恐怖威胁。
is expected:被预料
A berry with a hard rind, such as a cucumber, is called a pepo.
具有坚硬外果皮的浆果，如黄瓜，被叫做瓠果。
is called:被叫
A block of wood on whose surface a design for printing is engraved along the grain.
木刻一块表面上有沿木纹被雕刻的用以印刷的图案的木头
is engraved:被雕刻
A broad survey of the astronomical literature is provided by annual review journals.
年刊能为你被提供天文学文献的一个全貌。
is provided:被提供
A cap is inserted into a "well"in the end of can of primer to set it off.
雷管被插入准备起爆的引爆器盒末端的“孔”中。
is inserted:被插入
A company's name shall be in conformity with the relevant provisions of the State. A company can only have one name. The company's name which has been approved to register by the company registration authority is protected by law.
公司名称应当符合国家有关规定。公司只能使用一个名称。经公司登记机关核准登记的公司名称受法律被保护
is protected:被保护
A competition, as in figure skating, skiing, or surfing, in which any maneuver or movement is allowed and competitors are judged on their artistic expression, acrobatic skill, and athletic expertise.
自由式比赛一种被允许任何动作或姿势并且通过运动员的艺术性的动作、特技和技能评判的比赛，如花式溜冰赛、滑雪或冲浪等的此种比赛
is allowed:被允许
A counting system known as points is used by some states to keep track of the number and severity of moving violations of which an individual may be convicted.
一些州被使用积分计算系统来跟踪了解个人在交通违规事故中所达到的违规次数和严重程度。
is used:被使用
A cryogenic liquid is defined as a liquid with a normal boiling point below -240 f (-150 c).
低温液体被定义为正常沸点在–240°F (–150°C)以下的液体。
is defined:被定义
A derivative is a financial instrument whose value is derived (hence the name) from an underlying asset.
被衍生工具是一种其价值是被衍生自待敲资产的金融工具。
is derived:被衍生
A derivative is a financial instrument whose value is derived from an underlying asset.
被衍生工具是一种其价值是被衍生自待敲资产的金融工具。
is derived:被衍生
A detective is trained to take notice of people and things.
侦探受被训练留神各种人和各种事。
is trained:被训练
A finite amount of heat is absorbed by the gas during this process.
在这过程中气体被吸收了一定量的热。
is absorbed:被吸收
A further step towards the prevention of inbreeding was taken by the Kamilaroi on the Darling River in New South Wales; the two original moieties are split up into four, and again each of these four sections is married en bloc to another.
进一步阻止近亲婚配的办法，可以在新南威尔士达令河流域的卡米拉罗依人中间看到，在那里，两个最初的级别分裂成四个，而这四个级别之中每一级别全体又都跟其它某一个一定的级别被结婚。
is married:被结婚
A gap of 0.0254mm to 0.76mm is maintained between the tool and workpiece. This provides space for the flow of the electrolyte and keeps the electrical circuit from shorting out.
刀具与工件之间留有0.0254mm至0.76mm的间隙。电解液可在这一间隙中流动,并被保持电路联通。
is maintained:被保持
A good deal of adult education is accomplished by the mass media.
成人教育的相当一部分是由大众传播媒介被完成的。
is accomplished:被完成
A key value for the point E5 is calculated from the values at the normally and diagonally disposed boundary points.
根据沿对角线方向和水平竖直方向配置的各边界点的数值，被计算出E5的控制值。
is calculated:被计算
A kick in which the ball is dropped from the hands and kicked before it touches the ground.
踢球从手中被落下并在其触地之前的踢球动作
is dropped:被落下
A manifestation of decompression sickness that is caused by the formation of nitrogen bubbles in the blood and tissues after a rapid reduction in the surrounding pressure and is characterized by pain in the joints and abdomen.
高空病因周围压力急剧减少后在血液和组织中形成氮气泡而被引起的一种减压疾病，其症状为关节和腹部疼痛
is caused:被引起的
A method is provided for the arithmetic of bomb consuming go conventional missile damage airdrome target, and this model deserves military applied value in practive.
为常规导弹武器打击机场目标耗量的最优算法被提供了一种方法，具有一定的参考价值。
is provided:被提供
A new image character is defined in this paper in allusion to the problem of calculation of image signature in cigarette recognition.
针对条烟识别中的图像特征提取问题,被定义了一种新的图像特征。
is defined:被定义
A number that indicates the location of a logical record, expressed as a difference with respect to a base address. The relative record number is used to retrieve the logical record from the data set.
一种指明逻辑记录位置的号码，用相对于基地址的差值来表示。被使用相对记录号可以从数据集中检索出相应的逻辑记录。
is used:被使用
A party is entitled to appear in person or by or with counsel or other duly qualified representative in an agency proceeding.
当事人被有权亲自参加机关的裁决过程，也可以清律师或其他合格代表陪同或代为参加。
is entitled:被有权
A person suffering legal wrong because of agency action, or adversely affected or aggrieved by agency action within the meaning of a relevant statute, is entitled to judicial review thereof.
因机关行为而使其法定权利受到侵害的人，或者受到有关法律规定范围之内的机关行为的不利影响或损害的人，均被有权要求司法审查。
is entitled:被有权
A preliminary advice of the issuance or amendment of an irrevocable Credit(pre-advice), shall only be given by an Issuing Bank if such Bank is prepared to issue the operative Credit instrument or the operative amendment thereto.
只有被准备开立有效信用证或修改书的开证行,才可以对不可撤销信用证或修改书发出预先通知书。
is prepared:被准备
A procedure in which a catheter equipped with a tiny balloon at the tip is inserted into an artery that has been narrowed by the accumulation of fatty deposits. The balloon is then inflated to clear the blockage and widen the artery.
血管重建术一种血管手术过程，将一端配有小汽球的导管被插入由于脂肪组织堆积而变窄的动脉。汽球会膨胀来清除堵塞物并使动脉通畅
is inserted:被插入
A race is defined as a class of individuals with common characteristics.
宗可被定义为具有共同特征的一群个体。
is defined:被定义
A separation,temporary at least, is decided upon, and while Clare rages afar,Tess again creeps home.
他们被决定分手，至少是暂时地，克莱悻悻远去，苔丝又悄悄地回到家里。
is decided:被决定
A shock wave in air is generally referred to as a "blast wave"because it resembles and is accompanied by a very strong wind.
通常，空中冲击波又叫做“爆震波”，这是因为它类似而且被伴随着产生一股十分猛烈的风。
is accompanied:被伴随
A similarly useful way to express this concept is Revert to version, which is based upon a version system described in the next section.
这个功能还有另外一种类似的表达方式叫做“版本回退”，它被基于版本控制系统，我们在下一小节讨论这个话题。
is based:被基于
A simulated bridge deck is tested for durability and strength to determine its breaking point.
这个模拟桥面用来被测试其耐力与强度，以确定断裂点。
is tested:被测试
A sizeable proportion of the solar energy absorbed at the ocean surface is converted not into sensible heat but into latent heat.
海洋表面所吸收的太阳能相当大的部分不是被转换成潜热，而是被转换成感热。
is converted:被转换
A small glandular organ that is situated behind the top of the breastbone, consisting mainly of lymphatic tissue and serving as the site of T cell differentiation.The thymus increases gradually in size and activity until puberty, undergoing involution thereafter.
胸腺一种主要由淋巴组织构成的被位于胸骨后上部的小腺体，它是T细胞的分化处。在青春期之前胸腺不断变大且渐逐活跃，而后开始退化
is situated:被位于
A small, pear - shaped muscular sac, located under the right lobe of the liver, in which bile secreted by the liver is stored until needed by the body for digestion.
胆囊梨状小肌肉囊，位于肝右叶下侧，在其中被储存肝脏分泌的胆汁一直到消化时供给身体使用
is stored:被储存
A stable supply of materials is needed to complete the building on time.
要如期完成这幢房子，被需要建筑材料的供应稳定。
is needed:被需要
A symmetrical body rotating about an axis, one point of which is fixed, is called a top.
形状对称的一物体绕其轴转动，若轴上一点固定不动，则这个物体就被叫做陀螺。
is called:被叫
A talker is attracted to someone who likes to listen, or an aggressive personality may seek out a more passive partner.
健谈的人对于喜欢倾听的人来说很有被吸引力，敢作敢为的人想要找一个相对温顺一点的伴侣。
is attracted:被吸引
A terminal with an output that is used for typesetting. The output is, typically, encoded alphanumeric characters and control characters on magnetic disc or diskette. The terminal is used in conjunction with a photographic typesetter.
一种终端,它的输出用于排版。典型的输出是载于磁盘或软盘上的经编码的字母数字字符和控制字符。这种终端与照相排版机一起被使用。
is used:被使用
A trade secret may consist of any formula, device or compilation of information which is used in one's business.
一个商业秘密可能由在某个公司被使用的公式、设计及信息编辑等组成.
is used:被使用
A word generally used in front of a verb or an adjective to express time, degree, scope, repetition, negation, possibility or tone of speech, etc. is called an adverb.
修饰动词、形容词，表示动作、行为、发展变化，性质状态的程度，范围，时间，频率，然否、语气或情貌的词被叫副词。
is called:被叫
Abiding by the laws of the state is included in Party discipline.
对于共产党员来说，党的纪律里就被包括这一条。
is included:被包括
Abstract: The promise is provided for the separation of investigation of evidence and certification of judge by the struture of court's system of investigation, cross-examination and certification and the practical weakness of investigation of judge.
文摘:民事诉讼法院调查取证制度、证制度和认证制度的构建及我国民事诉讼法官调查取证的实践弊端为法官调查取证与认证的分离被提供了前提。
is provided:被提供
Acceptance or approval of what is planned or done by another;acquiescence.
赞同对另一个人所被计划或做的事情表示接受或赞许；同意
is planned:被计划
According to the requirements of Safety Regu lations in Coal Mine, the formula of antiskid checking calculation of safety bra king deceleration for tower-type friction winder is deduced in the paper.
根据《煤矿安全规程》要求,被推导出了塔式摩擦提升机安全制动减速度的防滑验算公式。
is deduced:被推导
Accounting cycle is a complete system of accounting procedures, which is repeated in the same order during each accounting period.
会计循环是在每一个会计期间以相同顺序被重复进行的一整套会计程序体系。
is repeated:被重复
Acetic acid is formed as an intermediate in the anaerobic fermentation of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats.
醋酸是碳水化合物，蛋白质和脂肪在厌氧发酵时所被形成的中间体。
is formed:被形成的
Additional drying costs are incurred when grain is dried more than necessary.
谷物不必要的过被干，会增加被干燥的成本。
is dried:被干
Additional funds are unlikely to be unleashed into equities any time soon: it is estimated that only around one-third of the present$4 bn wound up in“ A” shares, with the rest parked in cash and bonds.
但增量资金不太可能很快进入股市：据被估计，在目前的40亿美元额度中，仅有约三分之一已投资于A股，其余资金则为现金和债券。
is estimated:被估计
After a finished pot is dried of all its moisture in the open air, it is placed in a kiln and fired.
陶器成形后，首先要在空气中自然风被干，再放到窑中焙烧。
is dried:被干
After the cutting license has been obtained according to the law, the competent forestry authorities shall issue transport documentation to the timber cut in line with the provisions of the license when it is transported out of the forest districts.
依法取得采伐许可证后，按照许可证的规定采伐的木材，从林区运出时，林业主管部门应当发给被运输证件。
is transported:被运输
After the source object is picked up and the drag operation begins, there must be some visual indication of this.
在被选择源对象开始拖动操作后，必须有某些视觉指示。
is picked:被选
After-hours drinking is encouraged in Japanese corporate culture as a way to break the ice in work environments that can be uptight and formal.
日本的企业文化被鼓励员工下班后喝酒聚会，这样可以帮助员工在严肃紧张的工作环境中缓和气氛。
is encouraged:被鼓励
Again, artificial or accidental circumstances may render it necessary to possess a larger stock in advance, that is, a larger capital before entering on production, than is required by the nature of things.
再有，人为或意外情况可能使人必须提前拥有较大量的资金，也就是说，开始生产之前拥有的资本必须多于生产本来被需要的资本。
is required:被需要的
Aguardiente is distilled from sugar cane or molasses, occasionally made from grapes and typically bottled without aging or rectification.
这是一种从蔗糖或蜜糖浆中被蒸馏的酒，有时也使用葡萄被蒸馏获得，不需要熟化和过滤即可装瓶上市。
is distilled:被蒸馏
Algorithm to generate digital elevation model is studied based on random fractal.
本文被研究了基于随机分形的数字高程模型算法。
is studied:被研究
All being well, the bargain can be and often is completed in less than five minutes, with hardly any chat and to everyone's satisfaction.
一切就绪之后，交易可以，并且常常在不到五分钟的时间里就已被完成，几乎不说什么话，人人又都满意。
is completed:被完成
All that is needed on rock is a little concrete or mortar to make the surface level.
在基岩上所被需要做的全部工作是用少量混凝土或砂浆把表面找平。
is needed:被需要
All the imperialists' tricks, including the blockade, are designed to force us to submit. Similarly, our struggle is aimed at forcing the imperialists to submit.
帝国主义的各种花样直到封锁，其被目的在于迫我就范，我们的斗争也在于迫使帝国主义就范。
is aimed:被目的
Alternatively, high availability can be achieved with a single processor with sufficient redundancy, where fail-over is controlled by a combination of the operating system and special hardware features, such as dual disk drives.
另外，高可用性也可以用具有足够冗余度的单一处理器实现，在这种系统中，故障恢复是由操作系统结合专用硬件功能（如双硬件驱动器）被控制的。
is controlled:被控制
Although both sides say that the discussions, due to resume next month in Moscow, are proceeding slowly, some diplomats in Beijing believe the Kremlin is prepared to discuss a troop pull back on parts of the 4,500-mile (7,200-kilometers) common border.
对于下月将在莫斯科继续举行的会谈，尽管中苏双方都说它进行得很慢，而北京的某些外交官却认为：苏联被准备就两国长达4,500英里(7. 200公里)的共同边界上后撤部分部队问题进行谈判。
is prepared:被准备
Among our poets the dream of the period of a circle of chivalry here is encouraged for the pleasure of the imagination.
在我们的诗人骚客中，这个关于骑士时期的梦仍得到了被鼓励，它给了他们驰骋想象力的乐趣。
is encouraged:被鼓励
An English-Chinese glossary of legal and relevant terms appearing in legislation is published from time to time in booklet form.
法律草拟科又不时被出版《英汉法律词汇》，收录法例中采用的法律词汇和相关词语。
is published:被出版
An IP telephony software switch is designed to replace and/or augment any telecommunications device that uses circuit-based technology.
被设计IP电话软件交换机是用来替代和/或增强那些基于电路技术的电信设备。
is designed:被设计
An almost lower bound is defined similarly as an almost upper bound.
殆下界的被定义与殆上界是类似的。
is defined:被定义
An automatic control system that is controlled by one or more single-board computers.
由一台或多台单板计算机所被控制的一种自动被控制系统。
is controlled:被控制
An example of a loss contingency that usually meets these criteria and is recorded in the accounts is the estimated loss from doubtful accounts receivable.
满足这些标准并在账簿中被记录的或有损失的例子是从应收账款中估计的坏账损失。
is recorded:被记录
An inflatable band, usually wrapped around the upper arm, that is used along with a sphygmomanometer in measuring arterial blood pressure.
橡皮箍袖带一种可充气的箍带，通常裹在前臂上，与血压计一起被使用以测量出动脉的血压
is used:被使用
And everyone, whether a member of the Party or not, must abide by the laws of the state. Abiding by the laws of the state is included in Party discipline.
无论是不是党员，都要遵守国家的法律，对于共产党员来说，党的纪律里就被包括这一条。
is included:被包括
And if you can use both hands, that is called @ambidextrous@.
如果你能熟练地运用两只手，这就被叫ambidextrous。
is called:被叫
And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood.
住在耶路撒冷的众人都知道这事，所以按着他们那里的话，给那块田起名被叫亚革大马，就是血田的意思。
is called:被叫
Annie: At this time, all the young people stand at the bank of the Seine. After they hear the orders, they enter the water one after another and try their best to swim after the pig. This is called chasing a pig.
安妮：这时当地的年轻人全部都站到塞纳河岸边上，听到一声号令，便纷纷下水奋力向猪游去，这就被叫做“追猪”。
is called:被叫
Another kind is genetic metaphysics, based on in the source-evolution-differentiate, it is related with the zero between negative and positive number.
另一种是基于本原、衍两分之基础上的发生论形而上学，它与在正负数之间的零被相关。
is related:被相关
Another popular television show in the United States today is called @American Idol.
当今美国另一受欢迎的电视节目被叫做“美国偶像”，
is called:被叫
Another purpose of small talk, once a speaker is satisfied that the other person is worth talking with,
闲谈的另一目的就是，一旦被满意对方且了解对方值得交谈后，
is satisfied:被满意
Another type vapor separator is mounted on top of the tank.
另一种类型的蒸气分离器被安装在燃油箱的顶部。
is mounted:被安装
Any ship that crosses the Pacific is accompanied for many days by the smaller albatross.
任何太平洋通过的船只都有有较小的信天翁被伴随着飞行好多天。
is accompanied:被伴随
Anyone who is interested in the book's history should see page one of the preface.
对这本书的历史被感兴趣者可参阅前言的第一页
is interested:被感兴趣
Apple Elementary School is located at4,800 m altitude in Tarqing County, Tibet, at the foot of the famous religious mountain— Gang Ren Bo Qi.
被位于海拔4800米的西藏塔尔庆乡，宗教圣地神山岗仁波奇峰脚下。
is located:被位于
Apply the acceleration factor to speed up or slow down your media content when it is played back. Increasing the acceleration has no effect on audio pitch.
应用加速系数可以加快或减慢媒体内容的被播放速度。增大加速系数不会对音频的音调产生影响。
is played:被播放
As the glider turns through half a rotation, its airspeed is slowed down and the angle of attack increased as the pilot starts to pendulum underneath.
当飞行伞经过半圈迴转，它的空速被慢下来而攻角加大；同时飞行员开始向下摆盪。
is slowed:被慢下来
As the photo above shows, a circulating cistern is designed on the bottom of the damp curtain. The detailed dimension will depend on the acreage of the curtain.
如图所示：在湿帘底部设循环水池一座，具体尺寸应根据湿帘被设计的面积的需要来定。
is designed:被设计
At that point, the information is secured and encrypted on the user's hard drive.
在这个意义上，信息是被安全的，并在用户的硬盘上进行了加密。
is secured:被安全
Authoring is disabled for this server. Contact your server administrator to enable authoring.
已经被禁用此服务器的创作。请服务器管理员联系以启用创作。
is disabled:被禁用
Authoring is disabled for this server. Use the Server Administrator to enable authoring.
已经被禁用此服务器的创作。请使用“服务器管理员”来启用创作。
is disabled:被禁用
Automobile Magazine is edited for the automotive enthusiast interested in the novelty as well the tradition of all things automotive.
"汽车杂志"是专为对最新型的汽车和古董汽车都感兴趣的车迷而被编辑的。
is edited:被编辑
BBCA Gelatin Company is located at BengBu city of Anhui Province, has gelatin and bone glue series products with secondly producing capacity in China.
丰原明胶生产企业被位于蚌埠市，拥有明胶、骨胶系列产品，生产能力居国内第二位。
is located:被位于
BMI is calculated by dividing weight in kilograms by height in meters squared. A BMI between 20-25 in normal, 25-30 is pre-obese and more than 30 is obese.
体重指数（bmi）的被计算方法是用体重（公斤）除以身高（米）再进行平方。体重指数在20-25之间为“正常”，在25-30之间为“肥胖前期”，大于30则为“肥胖”。
is calculated:被计算
Basalt is needed to surface a road or to build a break water.
被需要用玄武岩来铺设路面或修防洪堤。
is needed:被需要
Based on principle of minimal leakage magnetic field energy for current distribution of parallel coils in the primary side of transformer and also on finite element method, the method for calculating the current distribution of parallel coils in the primary side is studied and solved.
以变压器一次各并联线圈的电流分配一定满足漏磁场能量最小原理为基础,结合有限元方法被研究了计算一次各并联线圈电流分配的方法。
is studied:被研究
Based on the historical literature,archaeological achievement and historical geographical condition,this paper is analyzed these arguments one by one,as well as getting a conclusion—Panyu was the earliest set sail port of the maritime silk route of ancient South China.
笔者根据历史文献、考古成果与历史地理条件,逐一被分析韩文的理据,得出番禺是华南古代海上丝路最早始发港的结论。
is analyzed:被分析
Bashing China might win votes, the reasoning goes, but newly elected presidents soon realize that a more careful tone is needed to deal with the complex U.S.-China relationship.
对中国的不顾一切的批评可能会赢得选举，但是在上台之后新总统就会意识到在复杂的中国关系面前，行动还是被需要小心。
is needed:被需要
Because no light escapes after the star reaches this infinite density, it is called a black hole.
当恒星的密度达到无穷大时，因为光也逃离不了它，此时的恒星就被叫做黑洞。
is called:被叫
Because the reaction is initiated by the attachment of an electrophile, the process is called an electrophilic addition reaction.
因为反应是由亲电试剂的附加而被开始的，所以这个过程叫做亲电加成反应。
is initiated:被开始
Before long, Elizabeth is shocked by a letter from Jane informing her that Lydia has run off with Wickham.
不久，伊丽莎白接到洁英来信，告诉她丽迪雅已同韦翰私奔，她对此大为被震惊。
is shocked:被震惊
Before producing any type of commodity, how to advertise it and sort of ad to prepare are important elements of product strategy, and the cost of advertising is calculated in total costs well in advance.
每生产一种产品之前﹐怎样做广告﹐做什么广告是产品策划的重要内容之一﹐而广告费用也早已事先被计算到了成本中。
is calculated:被计算
Beijing Bestride International Club is managed by Dellisart America Hotels &Resorts, whose headoffice is located in America.
北京佳程格伟国际休闲俱乐部是由美国德利萨特酒店集团被管理的豪华俱乐部。
is managed:被管理
Biorhythm A periodic physiological or behavioral change that is controlled by a biological clock. Circadian rhythms are an example.
生物节律：由生物钟被控制的周期性的生理上的或行为上的变化。昼夜节律就是一个很好的例子。
is controlled:被控制
Biosphere 2 is located about 30 miles north of Tucson, a straightforward drive along Highway 77 toward Oracle, the trip takes about 90 minutes.
生物圈二号被位于图森市以北30英里处，沿着驶往奥雷克尔的77号高速公路可以开车直达。整个行程需要90分钟。
is located:被位于
Both solenoid valves are closed in the pressure hold cyclFluid apply pressure in the control channel is maintained at a constant ratThe CAB maintains the hold cycle until sensor inputs indicate a pressure change is necessary.
在压力被保持周期，两个电磁阀都关闭。在该控制通路中液体作用压力维持不变。cab维持被保持周期直至感知器的输入表明需要改变压力。
is maintained:被保持
Brazing of aluminum and aluminum-base alloys is accomplished with the aluminum-silicon brazing alloys.
铝和铝基合金的铜焊是用铝―硅铜的合金来被完成的。
is accomplished:被完成
But more data is needed to substantiate the effectiveness of absorption on sludge as a removal process.
但被需要更多的资料来论证污泥吸附作为一种去除方法的效能。
is needed:被需要
But persons whose death is demanded by the people must be executed so as to assuage their anger and help production.
人民被要求杀的人则必须杀掉，以平民愤而利生产。
is demanded:被要求
But some caution is needed in choosing the center of rotation to be employed in evaluating the torques and calculating the motion.
但是，在选择用来求力矩和计算运动的转动中心时，被需要注意几个问题。
is needed:被需要
By establishing force equilibrium equations, a mechanical model for calculating the friction on the string is set up, and the analytical formulas for calculating the hook load and wellhead torque when the string is tripped in.
被通被过被建被立被管被柱被受被力被平被衡被方被程被，被推被导被出被水被平被井被管被柱被入被井被时被摩被阻被计被算被的被力被学被模被型被，被分被析被计被算被了被在被稳被定被和被旋被转被方被式被下被管被柱被入被井被时被的被大被钩被载被荷被和被井被口被扭被矩被等被重被要被技被术被参被数被的被解被析被公被式被。被
is tripped:被
By isolated we mean that no matter is allowed to cross the boundary of the system.
所谓“孤立”系统，指的是不被允许任何物质通过其边界的系统。
is allowed:被允许
By principally using constant frequency pulse mixing wide f raction driving technology, the chip microprocessors controlling system for real izing stepper angle fraction is researched and analyzed.
本文采用单片机控制系统实现步距角细分，主要以恒频脉冲调宽细分驱动技术进行被研究与分析，建立了以单片机为核心的微机控制系统并且进行了控制程序的设计与试验。
is researched:被研究
CONCLUSIONS: Pneumonia after stroke is associated with older age, dysarthria/ no speech due to aphasia, seerity of poststroke disability, cognitie impairment, and an abnormal water swallow test result.
结论：卒中后肺炎与年龄增大，发音困难或失语症所致的不能言语，卒中后残疾的严重度，认知障碍，以及异常的水检测试验结果被相关。
is associated:被相关
Can it be possible that the damage is caused by rough handling?
货损有没有可能是因粗暴装卸而被引起的呢？
is caused:被引起的
Carbon dioxide is produced as a crude by-product of a number of manufacturing processes. Carbon dioxide is a by-product of steam reforming of methane, propane or naphtha.
二氧化碳是作为许多工业生产过程的天然副产品被生产的。二氧化碳是甲烷、丙烷或石脑油的蒸气重整的一个副产品。
is produced:被生产的
Carbon is needed as a reducing agent in many metallurgical operation.
许多金属冶炼操作中被需要碳作为还原剂。
is needed:被需要
Character is a by-product; it is produced in the great manufacture of daily duty. --Thomas Woodrow Wilson
品格是一件副产品；它是完成日常职责的伟大制造过程中被生产的。——威尔逊
is produced:被生产的
China is located in the east of Asian Continent and the west coast of the Pacific Ocean with a land acreage of about9.6 million square kilometers, which is only second to Russia and Canada.
中国被位于亚洲大陆的东部，太平洋的西岸，陆地面约960万平方公里，仅次于俄罗斯和加拿大。
is located:被位于
Chinese Journals Circulation Area is located on the first floor of Audio-visual building, which is to the south east of the main building.
、中文期刊外借处被位于图书馆主楼外西南处的视听楼一楼。
is located:被位于
City Institute is located at the modern and vigorous Dalian Economy and Technology Development Area of the beautiful coastal city, Dalian, at the foot of the scenic spot: the Great Black Mountain, with fresh air and convenient transportation.
学院地处中国十大最具经济活力城市之一—滨城大连，被位于充满现代化勃勃生机的大连经济技术开发区，背靠风景秀丽的大黑山风景区。
is located:被位于
Cleaning Machine Specially Used for Machineshop Truck: This product is designed especially for cleaning machineshop truck with high-pressure water injection system and can go up and down and swing automatically for cleaning according to difference of car types and shape of car body.
垃圾车清洗机及工程车专用清洗机：此产品为专业清洗工程车辆而被设计，具有高压水喷射系统，并可根据车型的不同及车身之形状而自动升降摆动清洗。
is designed:被设计
Coals are removed from circular seam of silo so that material section is increased and silo coal blockage is reduced.
采用环式缝隙出煤，被增加物料出口截面，改善筒仓蓬煤堵煤现象。
is increased:被增加
Coating applied through a roller is leveled and controlled and the excess removed by the airbrush in which a stream of compressed air issues form an orifice. Also called Air-blade coating, Air-knife coating, Air-jet coating.
涂布剂经滚轴上后用气刷控制涂布量，被平整及刮去过多的涂布剂。气刷是一排喷出连续压缩空气的小孔。亦称气刀涂布，喷气涂布。
is leveled:被平整
Compilation of databases continues as does development of further systems. It is hoped that the PCR technique will form the basis of all biochemical casework by the middle of 1998.
除了探索新的脱氧核糖核酸(DNA)个体识别系统外，该组并继续增加其DNA分型的资料库，被希望在一九九八年中，聚合?链反应的技术，可以广泛地应用于所有涉及生化检验的案件中。
is hoped:被希望
Computers are so fast that a human being cannot effectively make such real- time choices. On most multiprogramming system, the processor's time is managed by an operating system module.
计算机的速度是如此之快，以致于使人类不能有效地做出实时的选择，在大多数多道程序设计系统中，处理器时间是由操作系统模块来被管理的。
is managed:被管理
Conclusions: Atypical antipsychotic use is associated with an increased risk for death compared with nonuse among older adults with dementia.
结论：在老年痴呆患者中，非标准地运用抗精神病药物患者对比不运用抗精神病药物患者而言与死亡风险性增加被相关。
is associated:被相关
Connection Box: Made of ABS contained material which can prevent burning. It is installed outward apperance and connecting wire and packing is very convenient.
接线盒：采用加有阻燃成分的abs材料制成，防火性能较好。被安装在整机外表面，接线、拆装非常方便。
is installed:被安装
Continuous review of future port requirements is necessary to take into account changing trends in vessel size and trading pattern and flexibility is maintained to ensure that Hong Kong can meet these challenges.
我们需要不断检讨未来的港口需求，以顾及船只体积及货运模式的转变，务求被保持灵活性，确保香港能应付这些挑战。
is maintained:被保持
Corning is accomplished by breaking up the press cakes into grains, usually in roll corning mills.
造粒通常是在辊子造粒机中将压饼破碎成粒被完成的。
is accomplished:被完成
David is interested in the system of coding used for new products and Mr. Pound explains that BI stands for Bright Idea.
大卫对新产品的代号编法很被感兴趣。庞德先生解释说BI是bright Idea的缩写．
is interested:被感兴趣
Designs a kind of casting die of conformal blocks, which is used simply with reliable structure. Describes in detail its components and using methods.
【中英文摘要】适形放疗作为当今一种先进的放疗方法正逐步在业内推广,挡块的制作是实现这一方式的一个重要环节。笔者设计了一种被使用简单、构可靠的挡块浇铸模具,并对其组成和被使用方法做了介绍。
is used:被使用
Details concerning methods of leadership are not dealt with here; it is hoped that comrades in all localities will themselves do some hard thinking and give full play to their own creativeness on the basis of the principles here set forth.
（九）导方法问题上的各个细节问题，这里不一一说到，被希望各地同志根据这里所说的原则方针自己去用心思索，发扬自己的创造力。
is hoped:被希望
Direct palpation with the fingers or indirect palpation with a probe is aimed at determining the size, consistency, temperature and sensitiveness of a lesion or organ.
用手指直接触诊或用一根探针间接触诊，被目的在于确定损害或器官的大
is aimed:被目的
During the simulation, only the dynamic simulation of the leading end of the bloodstream is considered while the rest of the bloodstream is rendered statically.
只被考虑血流前端动态效果的模拟,血槽部分采用静态绘制。
is considered:被考虑
E this is called Multi-function key, be convenient for the user to use to broadcast, stop, turn in reverse, or turn fast, can make use of it to operate.
这个被叫做万用功能键，方便使用者用来播放、停止、倒转、或快转，都可利用它来操作。
is called:被叫
Each of the sponsors is allowed a minimum of two huge advertising boards.
每个赞助公司可被允许设立至少两个巨大的广告牌。
is allowed:被允许
Edge connector: A row of etched lines on the edge of a printed circuit board that is inserted into an expansion slot. A most common method of connecting add-on printed circuit boards to computer hardware.
边缘接驳器:印刷线路板的边沿上的一列蚀刻条子，作被插入扩展插座上用。在电脑硬件上，它是接驳扩展印刷线路板的常用方法。
is inserted:被插入
Education should not is restricted to any one specific age group
教育不应被限制在任何特定的年龄组上
is restricted:被限制
Either half of the major axis is called a semimajor axis.
长轴的每一半被叫做半长轴。
is called:被叫
Elegance is defined in the dictionary as both “gracefulness and restrained beauty of style” and “scientific precision, neatness, and simplicity.” We believe that elegance in design, or at least interaction design, incorporates both of these ideals.
字典上把优雅同时被定义为“形式上的优美和婉约”，以及“科学上的精确和简洁”，我们相信优雅的设计，至少在交互设计结合了这两种完美。
is defined:被定义
Energy is generated through more conventional, albeit, high-tech means, usually nuclear in nature.
能量的被产生更传统一些，虽然高科技自然而然意味着使用核能。
is generated:被产生
Engineers and teachers and businessmen are taking adult education classes. They have found that more education is needed to do their jobs well.
工程师、教师、商人都在进修成人教育课程，他们发现，做好本职工作被需要接受更多的教育。
is needed:被需要
Every spark plug is connected with a wire to a little round box called the distributor. The distributor hands out electricity to the spark plugs, one after the other, very fast, thousands of sparks a minute.
每个火花塞都通过电线和一个叫分电器的小圆盒子被连接。分电器连续不断、非常迅速地把电分给火花塞，每分钟产生成千上万的火花。
is connected:被连接
Everything the food, the music and the guests is arranged just right.
一切被安排得尽善尽美食物,音乐,所有宾客都令人满意。
is arranged:被安排
Experiments have shown that a changes of colour occur when normal amber is heated up.
实验也证明普通琥珀受被热时颜色会发生改变。
is heated:被热
Facing the reality that county level library resource is shortage commonly, the paper tries to guide them a kind of approach for free to gain resource, so as to make the county level library people who is confronted with difficult see one faint silk bright.
摘要被面对县级图书馆普遍资源短缺的现实，本文试图给他们引导一种免费获取资源的途径，使面临困境的县级图书馆人看到一丝微弱的光亮。
is confronted:被面对
Farmers usually get about 600 tons of tomatoes from one hectare of irrigated land. But by watering their land a new way they could get four times that many tomatoes. The method is called Underground Drip Irrigation.
每公顷水浇地上，农民大约可收获60吨番茄。但是，如果采用一种新的灌溉法，他们的收获可望增加4倍。这个新方法被叫做"地下滴灌法"。
is called:被叫
Firms also get a free pass for the corrupt practices of their subsidiaries, unless it is proved that they ordered or actively connived in them.
对于子公司的腐败行径，各公司还可豁免其责，除非能被证明它们曾下令或积极纵容其子公司。
is proved:被证明
For example @Digital get down@ reflects how J.C feels about the internet frenzy and @I'll be good for you@ is based on Justin's feeling about a would-be girl friend.
例如，《堕落》反映了查塞兹对疯狂上网的感觉，《我为你而高兴》则被基于贾斯汀对未来女朋友的憧憬。
is based:被基于
For income tax purposes, a scholarship is defined as an amount paid for the benefit of an individual to aid him or her in pursuing studies or research at an educational institution.
为了所得税目的，奖学金的被定义是付一笔钱给一个人，使他或她受惠，在教育机构里读书或从事研究。
is defined:被定义
Forecasting the Year of Tiger, although China's economic train will have ups and downs, as long as adjusted and controlled measures are at the right time and appropriate, it is believed that the train will move steadily along the preset track.
展望虎年，中国的经济列车尽管会有颠簸起伏，但只要调控措施适时、得当，被相信会沿着预设的轨道稳健前行。
is believed:被相信
From its own analysis, the Reserve Bank is persuaded that, on balance, it plays a useful role in limiting overshooting in the market.
储备银行通过它自己的分析，被确信它总的来说在限制市场的过激行为方面能够发挥有益的作用。
is persuaded:被确信
GIS visualization technology is applied to simulate coastal dynamic environments (like flow field and storm-surge water accretion distributing) and their transformation process in typhoon-affected region.
被应用GIS可视化技术模拟了台风影响区域的海岸动力环境(流场、增水分布)及其变化过程。
is applied:被应用
Get the address where the first byte of the file is mapped into memory.
并将文件的数据作为被映射到该区域的物理存储器进行提交。
is mapped:被映射
God gracious bless me, how my poor head is vexed and worried by that girl Gupe's so perseveringly asking, over and over again, about her tiresome letters!
上帝保佑我，朱浦这个女孩子，一而再，再而三不断地钉住问她那讨厌的信，真叫我可怜的脑袋被烦躁不堪！
is vexed:被烦躁
Group collaboration is enhanced when conference participants can see, mark up and edit the document at hand -- almost as if gathered around a computer in the same room.
当与会者能方便地看到文档，并能对其加标记和进行编辑时，几乎就像在同一房间里围绕在一台计算机周围工作时，小组协同性就得到了被增强。
is enhanced:被增强
Hardly a waking moment is wasted whether he is playing the role of a globe-trotting high-tech ambassador or back at headquarters plotting business strategy.
无论是作为高科技的形象大使到世界各地推销微软产品，还是回到微软总部运筹帷幄，只要醒着，他就不会被浪费一分一秒的时间。
is wasted:被浪费
He doesn't have to adjust his game to fit into my system. He's adaptable enough to know what is needed at certain times in a game.
他不被需要因为我的战术打法做什么改变。他完全明白在比赛中该怎么做。
is needed:被需要
He is accustomed to hearing noise, because he lives right in the center of the city.
他住在市中心，所以已经被习惯于噪音了。
is accustomed:被习惯
He is assisted by several expert bodies, including the Hong Kong Arts Development Council, the Antiquities Advisory Board and the Hong Kong Sports Development Board.
文康广播局的首长文康广播局局长，得到多个由专家组成的机构被协助，其中包括香港艺术发展局、古物谘询委员会和香港康体发展局。
is assisted:被协助
He is interested in art, and music, and books, and so on.
他对美术、音乐、书等都被感兴趣。
is interested:被感兴趣
He is interested in the spirit of the play, and he is not averse to throwing in an anachronism or two if he thinks it will help underscore a point(Skylines)
他对戏剧所体现的精神很被感兴趣，如果有助于强调一个观点的话，他并不反对有一两个时代错误(地平线)
is interested:被感兴趣
He is opposed to the idea at present, but in time he'll come around.
他现在被反对这个想法，但慢慢他会同意的。
is opposed:被反对
He is prejudiced against you, and if you put in your oar, it will spoil everything.
他对你怀有被偏见，如果你插手的话，会把一切都弄糟的。
is prejudiced:被偏见
He is rebuffed with a rude error message box shown in Figure 17-3. Trying to rename an open file is a sharing violation, and the operating system rejects it with a patronizing error message box.
他没有首先关闭文档，他怎么知道？ 试图重新命名一个打开的文档会产生共享冲突，操作系统用一个蛮横无礼的错误消息对话框被拒绝了用户。
is rebuffed:被拒绝
He likes the stocks and he is accustomed to trading in and out of its shares.
他喜欢股票, 被习惯于买进卖出它的股份。
is accustomed:被习惯
He may arrive on time if he is interested in the match.
如果他对这场比赛被感兴趣,他可能会按时到.
is interested:被感兴趣
He never stands aside when he is needed to lend a helping hand.
无论什么时候被需要他帮助，他从不袖手旁观。
is needed:被需要
He should be able to explicitly specify that a given e-mail message pertains to a specific value, whether or not that value is quoted verbatim in the message.
他可以显式地指定与特定值相关的特定电子邮件信息，无论这个值是否是从消息中按字面被引用的。
is quoted:被引用
Her name is Elizabeth, but she is called Bet for short.
她被叫做伊利莎白，但人家简称她被叫白。
is called:被叫
Her proposal is based on the following reasons: First, Beijing's population is already approaching the limit the resource-poor city can bear, seriously inhibiting its sustainable development and second, market mechanisms are not perfect and cannot solve the conflict between population and resources.
她的提案被基于以下理由：首先，北京是个资源缺型城市，目前人口已经接近各种资源的承载极限，严重制约了北京的可持续发展；其次，目前市场调节机制还不完善，没有足够的能力解决人口过多和资源稀缺之间的矛盾。
is based:被基于
However, for a user who has at least a basic familiarity with the available tools, the idiom is instantly clear after it is discovered or demonstrated.
然而，对于那些基本熟悉已有工具的用户来说，这种习惯用法通常在自己被发现或有人示范以后会立即变得很清晰。
is discovered:被发现
However, he warned that U.S. is prepared to lead an anti-Iraq ally without the support of United Nations.
但是，他警告说，美国仍被准备在未获联合国支持的情况下主导反伊拉克联盟事宜。
is prepared:被准备
Hydrogen is produced by the steam reforming of natural gas, the electrolysis of water, the dissociation of ammonia, and as a by-product of petroleum distillation and chlorine manufacture
生产氢有多种方法：天然气的蒸气重整，水的电解，氨的分解，石油蒸馏和氯被生产的副产品。
is produced:被生产的
A 3D vision measuring system based on stereovision theory and LCD grating projection technique is studied in this thesis.
本文被研究了基于立体视觉原理和液晶光栅投影技术的三维视觉测量系统。
is studied:被研究
Dogmatic analysis: You should see how the main idea of your text is related with the ecumenical doctrine of the Christian church.
教义性的分析：讲道者应该明白经文与教会的普世性教义被相关的主要理念。
is related:被相关
A multidimensional array is indexed by a semicolon list, which is really a list of lists in disguise. Each sublist is a slice of one particular dimension. So
一个多维数组是由一个分号列表被索引的,即一个隐藏列表的列表。每一个子列表是一个特定维的一个切片。
is indexed:被索引
A. The Highly Skilled Migrant Programme sets exacting criteria and is designed for those who have made a significant contribution in their chosen field.
高技术移民程序是一个严格的标准，为那些在专业领域已经有重要的贡献的申请人被设计。
is designed:被设计
Adhering to the methodology of dialectical materialism, the author raised the dual character of labourforce and natural resources, the dual character of abstract and concrete labour, the dual character of exchange value of commodity and the dual character of money, whereupon the essence of surplus value is analysed and formula which the production value of commodity is transformed into commodity price are discussed.
在坚持辩证唯物主义的方法论中，提出了劳动力与自然资源的二重性，抽象劳动与具体劳动的二重性，商品交换价值的二重性，货币的二重性，被分析了剩余价值的实质，研究了商品生产价值转化为商品价格的9种公式。
is analysed:被分析
A sentence indicating the existence, appearance or disappearance of a person or an object is called an existential sentence.
表示人或事物在某处存在、出现或消失的句子被叫存现句。
is called:被叫
Aiming at the frequent occurrence of traffic accidents due to fatigue driving on express way, their causation is analyzed from physiological and psychological performance of drivers, driving characteristics on express way and driving environment of the express way.
摘要针对我国高速公路疲劳驾驶交通事故频发的现状，结合高速公路行车特点，从驾驶员高速行车的生理心理及高速公路行车环境等方面被分析高速公路疲劳驾车交通事故原因。
is analyzed:被分析
After taking the D1(D2) from eyepiece micrometer and entering them, the hardness value is displayed on LCD and the data can printed out.
输入用测微目镜测得的对角线长度,即在LCD上被显示硬度值。可打印记录。
is displayed:被显示
After taking the D1(D2) from eyepiece micrometer and entering them, the hardness ＆#118alue is displayed on LCD and the data can printed out.
输入用测微目镜测得的对角线长度,即在LCD上被显示硬度值。可打印记录。
is displayed:被显示
Aimed at The false alarms and high detection failures based on Rtechnique,a new NIDS based on Ctechnique is put forward.In the mean time,key issues regarding the realization of the system is analyzed and studied,including the construction and design of the system,the representation of intrusion cases,as well as case indexing and matching,etc.Finally,the system is tested adopting the experiment data,and the result is given.
针对基于RBR技术的网络入侵检测系统中存在的误报和漏报问题,提出一种基于CBR技术的网络入侵检测系统构建方法,并对系统实现中的关键问题进行被分析研究,包括系统结构设计,入侵案例的表示,案例检索与匹配等,最后采用实验数据对系统进行测试并给出结果。
is analyzed:被分析
A fine sand is coated and fired upon a mounted pattern made of ferrous or aluminum material.
一颗好的细砂是由一块模板被涂层并炮击后形成的，而这模板是由亚铁或者铝质材料制成。
is coated:被涂层
At the novel's end, it is implied that a few characters, through consultation with the I Ching, discover that their world is fictional.
在故事的结尾，它被暗示有几个角色通过易经的交谈，发现他们的世界是虚构的。
is implied:被暗示
A unit of work that is defined a user and that is to accomplished a computer. Loosely, the termjob is sometimes used to refer to a representation of a joThis representation may include a set of computer programs, files, and control statements to the operating system.
由用户被定义让计算机去完成的一种工作单位。习惯上说，“作业”这个术语通常指的是作业的一种表述，这种表述可以包括一组计算机程序、一组文卷及一些给操作系统下达命令的控制语句。
is defined:被定义
Abstract: based on analyzing the planed scale，developing speed, management system and external environment of highway network, it is researched for the mechanism to construct the greatness in quantity and extent of toll road, irrationality of the network structure and unfair effect of fiscal expenditure is revealed, the suggests to improve the construction plan and investment system of highway network are presented.
摘要：通过分析全国公路网规划的规模、建设计划、管理体制和外部环境因素，被研究收费公路规模大、范围宽的形成机制，以及其中存在的路网结构问题、社会政治矛盾和不良社会经济运行效果，对我国公路网的规划建设和投资管理体制提出了改进建议。
is researched:被研究
An intelligent paraboloid truss antenna is designed and its dynamic model is presented means of finite element method.
摘要被设计了一个智能抛物面桁架天线，采用有限元方法得到了它的动力学模型。
is designed:被设计
Article 28 If after the establishment of a limited liability company, it is discovered that the actual value of the tangible goods, industrial property, non-patented technology, or land use rights contributed as capital is significantly below their value fixed in the articles of association, the shareholder who contributed such item as capital shall contribute the difference in value, and the other shareholders of the company at the time it was established shall jointly and severally liable.
第二十八条：有限责任公司成立后，被发现作为出资的实物、工业产权、非专利技术、土地使用权的实际价额显著低于公司章程所定价额的，应当由交付该出资的股东补交其差额，公司设立时的其他股东对其承担连带责任。
is discovered:被发现
A genetic algorithm assisted beam tracking and forming is applied to solve the problem of tracking a continuous moving signal while suppressing a strong fixed interference.
摘要介绍了遗传算法在波束追踪和成型中的被应用，着重探讨了该方法在解决追踪连续信号的同时抑制固定强干扰的问题。
is applied:被应用
Abstract: On the basis of the analysis about noise sources of the air compressor,it shows that air dynamic noise is primary one.According to the theory of fluid mechanics,the mathematics model of the air compreesor air dynamic noise is found,which shows the relationship between the sound power level and other parameters.The knowing noise of the air compressors air dynamic is of low frequencies.The reliable data is provided for the noise and vibration control.
文摘:通过对空压机噪声源的分析，确认空压机噪声源中的空气动力性噪声为最强；由流体流场的声学理论，建立空压机动力性噪声源的力学模型，它表明声功率与其它参数的关系；并知空压机的空气动力性噪声呈低频特性，这为噪声及振动控制被提供了可靠的依据.
is provided:被提供
A filter whose transfer function is matched with the frequency spectrum function of input signal.
其传递函数与输入信号的频谱函数被相匹配的一种滤波器。
is matched:被相匹配
Abstract: A fast drag system is designed to simulate the law of speedvariations of a certain power system engine in the process of its start means of electric power drag and the theory of automatic control and through adopting a new type of electric machine and frequency-change techniques, thus enabling the system to achieve quick start, instantaneous breakdown and accurate following of the electric machines speed variations curve set in advance at will.
文摘:运用电力拖动与自控理论，采用新型电机及变频技术，被设计一种快速拖动系统借以模拟某动力系统发动机启动过程转速变化的规律，使该系统能够达到快速启动，瞬间制动，精确跟随事先设定的电机转速变化曲线的目的。
is designed:被设计
About three-fourths of all the fresh water in the world is stored as glacier ice.
世界上大约全部淡水的四分之三被储存于冰川之中。
is stored:被储存
A plane is formed for entities as patterns for fulfillment on various levels.
一个层面是为实体而被形成的，作为其在不同层次上的实现模式。
is formed:被形成的
As a result, the metal flow pattern during forging process is analyzed and distributions of some thermomechanical field variables such as temperature、stress and strain are obtained, through which the forming laws during forging process of a gas turbine compressor blade are revealed.
通过有限元数值模拟，被分析了锻造过程中的金属流线分布，得到了温度场、应力应变场等热力参数的场量分布，从而揭示了叶片锻造的变形机理。
is analyzed:被分析
A gear pump is installed on the production line,The pressure is stabilized varying the speed of extruder through the help of computer according to the accurately measured pre-pump pressure,resulting optimized material feeding process.
在挤出生产线上被安装一台齿轮泵，通过在泵前准确的测压，通过微机处理调节挤出机速度，保持压力稳定，有序提供料流来优化供料过程。
is installed:被安装
According to Tessa Hill, a geologist at the University of California, Davis, more methane is released into the atmosphere from ocean deposits during periods of warming than previously thought.
根据加州大学的研究，在全球变暖期间，海洋中储存中的甲烷气体的被释放量比以前想像的更多。
is released:被释放
Abstract Recurrent spontaneous abortion (RSA) is defined as three or more consecutive pregnancy losses prior to the 20th week of gestation.
复发性自然流产（RSA）的被定义是连续3次或以上在妊娠20周前发生妊娠的终止。
is defined:被定义
A new qualitative analysis method is provided for task granularity design according to the formulized calculation and heuristic rules comparison.
通过对内聚系数的公式化计算和启发式规则比较，为任务粒度的设计被提供了一种新的定性分析方法。
is provided:被提供
A lebbeck tree is planted at the grassland outside the Adam Schall Residence at United College.
在联合书院汤若望宿舍外的草地上被种植了这颗大叶合欢。
is planted:被种植
According to the subentry coefficient method for calculating anti-sliding and anti-inclining stability recommended the Code for Design and Construction of Port and Waterway Revetment Engineering, the cross section of a gravity revetment is optimized using the complex method considering the effects of ship waves.
摘要采用复合形被优化法，结合《港口及航道护岸工程设计与施工规范》中推荐的抗滑、抗倾稳定的分项系数计算方法，并考虑了内河航道船形波等作用的影响效应，对重力式护岸断面进行了被优化。
is optimized:被优化
All being well, the bargain can and often is completed in less than five minutes, with hardly any chat and to everyone's satisfaction.
一切就绪之后，交易可以，并且常常在不到五分钟的时间里就已被完成，几乎不说什么话，人人又都满意。
is completed:被完成
A dolphin can pop its head out of the water to see something. This is called spy-hopping.
海豚能砰地一声从水中露出头来察看东西。这被叫窥跳。
is called:被叫
A carrier gas filter system is recommended to installed on the Helium line (He).
在氦气管路前面被建议安装气体净化装置。
is recommended:被建议
According to Xinluo district land use data from the manual interpretation of 198and 2000's TM image and performing the statistics with the help of excel software, the data as the patches index, diversity index, dominance index, crush rate and fractal value is calculated and analyzed.
摘要根据1985年和2000年TM影像进行人工解译，提取各土地利用类型数据，被计算了研究区的斑块指数、多样性指数、优势度、破碎度、分维度及形状指数等景观格局指标，并进行分析。
is calculated:被计算
Abstract: This paper descrithe smelting technology of high toughness nodular cast iron QT400-18 in cupola.The choice of raw material,chemical composition and the process of nodularization and inoculation is analyzed also.As a result,the reasonable semlting technology is determined to provide reliable gurantee for producing qualified casting.
文摘:本文阐述了在冲天炉熔炼条件下铸态高韧性球墨铸铁QT400-18生产技术工艺，并对原材料选用、化学成份选择、球化处理工艺、孕育处理工艺进行了被分析研究，确定了合理的熔炼工艺，为生产合格材质铸件提供可靠的保证。
is analyzed:被分析
A: Yes; expeience shows that the same product is priced differently in different markets. But why so much higher in this market?
我知道.但是被定价也须以顾客的需要为基础,而这种需要是会因时,因地而异的.
is priced:被定价
According to the officials, the submarine is equipped with Russian-made wake-homing torpedoes and anti-ship cruise missiles.
据官方消息,该潜艇被装备有俄罗斯生产的尾流鱼雷和反舰巡航导弹.
is equipped:被装备
All information is supplied on a voluntary basis and all users accept and agree that other users shall have no liability in relation to any information furnished in good faith, howsoever used, and that such information is given and accepted at the users risk.
所有的信息被提供均基于自愿的基础之上;所有的使用者承认并同意其他的使用者对于所被提供的相关的任何信息及其使用不承担责任;而且信息的被提供和接收的风险由使用者承担。
is supplied:被提供
Although the personality is protected through the rights form, an ultimate defect is in the concept of the personality interest because of its illegibility and the depending on the theory of the personality.
虽然这在一定程度上实现了通过权利模式对于人格的被保护，但是由于“人格利益”概念本身的模糊性和对于人格理论的依赖性，人格利益作为人格权法律关系之客体具有根本性的缺陷。
is protected:被保护
A new approach is provided for parameter design of two-level isolation system impacted external force, consequently.
为外力冲击的二级隔离系统的参数设计被提供了一种新方法。
is provided:被提供
An approach is needed that enables development teams to operate adaptively within a complex environment using imprecise processes.
被需要一种允许开发小组在复杂的环境中以非精确的步骤进行开发的方法。
is needed:被需要
Article An interlocutory award or partial award may made on any issue of the case at any time in the course of arbitration before the final award is made if considered necessary the arbitration tribunal, or if the parties make such a proposal and it is agreed to the arbitration tribunal.
第五十七条仲裁庭认为必要或者当事人提出经仲裁庭被同意时,可以在仲裁过程中在最终仲裁裁决作出之前的任何时候,就案件的任何问题作出中间裁决或部分裁决。
is agreed:被同意
As a result, Tang Jia Wan proved to possess abundant historical and cultural resources, which could regarded as a miniature of Chinese township in modern times, and it would turn out to the first town of southern China as well, providing that it is protected properly.
研究成果指出,唐家湾镇有着十分丰富的历史文化资源,通过认真被保护,可以留下中国近代城镇发展的一个缩影,并打造出近代岭南文化的第一镇。
is protected:被保护
A sentence in which two (or more) veror verbal constructions are used as the predicate of the same subject is called a sentence with verbal constructions in series.
谓语由两个（或两个以上）的动词或动词词组组成,并属于同一个主语，这样的句子被叫连动句。
is called:被叫
Abstract: In this paper,the problems of the window set-up,the forward receiving method mirror and the way of side direction receiving ,when LDV is used to measure the velocity of water flow inside a circular tube,are discussed and some practical experience in the measurement is summarized.
文摘:被使用二维激光多普勒测速仪(LDV)对圆管中水流进行测速时，对于窗口的设置、利用反射镜前向接收的方法和侧向接收方式等问题,本文进行了探讨，并总结了测量中的一些实际经验。
is used:被使用
All that is needed for an individual to become male is a shot of male-inducing hormone from the “male gland” early in development.
任何个体若想变成雄性，被需要的只是「雄腺」在发育早期及时分泌雄性诱导荷尔蒙。
is needed:被需要
Abstract: In this paper,the complex prescription of ATMP,Molybate and Polyaerylamide is optimized under the simulated industrial water quality con ditions,through the corrupting experiment of carbon steel flats and the inhibiti on experiment of conc entrated water and the simplex method.It is shown that the cost of the w ater treatment is red uced and the efficiency of the corrosion reduction and inhibition of settling is enhanced.Thus the result is satisfactory.
文摘:在模拟工业水质条件下，通过静态碳钢挂片腐蚀实验及浓缩水阻垢实验，以加权单纯形法被优化了氨基三甲叉瞵酸(ATMP)，钼酸铵及聚丙烯酰胺三种药剂的复合配方.实验表明，被优化所得配方在较低的药剂浓度条件下达到了较高的缓蚀和阻垢效果，从而降低工业成本，并且实验时间短，实验成本低.
is optimized:被优化
Abstract: This article discusses a control method of sensors syncretic,when an assembly process is controlled position, force feedback and vision, the assembly is high speed and high precision,it is very important that the control method accords with request of intelligentized assembly of robot and can used on intelligentized produce line.
文摘:提出了一种多传感器融合的被控制方法，利用位置、力反馈和视觉被控制装配过程，使得高速高精度的轴孔装配得以实现，该被控制方法顺应了机器人智能化装配的要求，可应用于智能化装配生产线上。
is controlled:被控制
A business operator which finds a commodity or a service provided it to have a serious defect which may cause harm to the safety of person or property of the consumer, even where such a commodity or a service is used correctly, must immediately make a report to the relevant authorities, inform consumers and adopt preventative measures against such occurrence.
经营者发现其提供的商品或者服务存在严重缺陷，即使正确被使用商品或者接受服务仍然可能对人身、财产安全造成危害的，应当立即向有关行政部门报告和告知消费者，并采取防止危害发生的措施。
is used:被使用
Abstract: It is studied that milling time,carbon content,inhibitor and sintering effect on properties of the submicron cemented carbides.
文摘:被研究了球磨时间、碳含量、抑制剂以及烧结对超细硬质合金性能的影响。
is studied:被研究
A integrate Chinese Medicine Painting is finished for more than four months.
一幅完整的“中药画”作品需要四个半月时间被完成。
is finished:被完成
A measure of the ability of a communication system to convey information means of speech. Intelligibility is expressed as the percentage of simple ideas correctly received over the system.
通信系统借助语音来传递信息的能力的一种度量。可懂度被表示为通过该系统可准确接收简单概念（即信息内容）的百分比。
is expressed:被表示
Assuming the loop is known to only a single straight segment of 26AWG cable, there is no additive loop or AFE noise, and the remote-end is terminated a high-impedance load for all frequencies, Figure shows the resulting SELT performance.
假定已知环路只有一个单个的直段26AWG电缆，没有附加的环路或者AFE噪声，对所有的频率远端通过一个高祖抗负载被终止，图5给出了SELT的性能结果。
is terminated:被终止
A very powerful jet plane is needed to take you into the stratosphere, but you need a space ship/mental body, to travel through space.
将你带至同温层被需要一架马力强劲的飞机，但要到太空去遨游，你就必须有一架航天飞机或心灵躯体。
is needed:被需要
A laboratorial local tunnel monitoring and control system (LTMCS) is designed for the simulative debugging of tunnel local monitoring and control.
摘要为了对隧道现场监控进行模拟调试，被设计了一个实验室隧道现场监控模拟系统。
is designed:被设计
Abstract: Aimming at the defects of the brick masonry norm,through test on masonry wall models,the monolithic spacial effect for longitudinal and lateral walls of brick masonry buildings is studied and suggestions of calculated formulas for seismic resistance design and analysis are proposed.
文摘:针对砌体规范中墙体抗震验算中的不足之处，通过模型砖墙试验，被研究了带翼缘墙在水平荷载作用下的恢复力特性曲线、砖墙破坏特征以及纵墙的影响等，并提出了在墙体抗震验算中应当考虑纵横墙共同作用的建议.
is studied:被研究
An economic contract shall also include as its principal clauses those whose inclusion is stipulated law or virtue of the nature of the economic contract, or whose inclusion is considered as indispensable either party to the contract.
根据法律被规定的或按经济合同性质必须具备的条款，以及当事人一方要求必须被规定的条款，也是经济合同的主要条款。
is stipulated:被规定
Appraised in the legal standard essence is the legal standard in the appraisal concrete application, namely the appraisal law standard is refers the country lawmaking body or Country Administrative organ formulates legally, is appraised the personnel must implement the behavior role, its ultimate objective adjusts the appraisal legal relationship.
被评估法律规范实质上是法律规范在被评估中的具体应用，即被评估法律规范是指由国家立法机构或国家行政机关依法制定的，是被评估人员必须实施的行为规则，其最终目标是调整被评估法律关系。
is appraised:被评估
A leap second is added to keep uniform timekeeping within 0.second of the Earth's rotational time, which can speed up or slow down because of many factors, including ocean tides.
被增加这一闰秒是为了保证协调世界时（原子时）和地球自转时间（天文时）之间的差距控制在0.9秒以内，地球自转速度的加快或减慢受到很多因素的影响，潮汐就是其中之一。
is added:被增加
Article 6If the word Limited or Limited Liability is used in the designation of the partnership in violation hereof, rectification within a prescribed time limit shall ordered, and a fine of not more than 2,00Yuan may imposed.
第六十六条违反本法规定，在合伙企业名称中被使用捻邢迶或者捻邢拊鹑螖字样的，责令限期改正，可以处以二千元以下的罚款。
is used:被使用
Abstract: The theoratical reason is analysised on causing two unreasonable cases in lingerie wearing in this paper.At the same time,its improved method is proposed.
文摘:从女性胸衣穿着上的两种不合理现象入手,从理论上被分析了产生该现象的原因,并提出了改进方法.
is analysised:被分析
A case is reported of intrarenal lipoma which had undergone nephrectomy erroneously under the mistaken impression of renal cell carcinoma.
摘要我们被报告壹肾脏魛肪瘤病例，因其临床表现疑似肾细胞癌而接受肾切除手术。
is reported:被报告
An appropriate cost function is constructed which avoids the use of the logarithm likelihood function that is lack of robust to the noise correlation, moreover, our method have many advantages such as, low complexity, suitable for coherence signals, etc.
被构造适当的代价函数，避免了对数似然函数的使用，该方法对色噪声协方差矩阵特征值分散具有稳健性，同时具有较低的计算复杂度和适用于相关甚至相干源等优点。
is constructed:被构造
A prehistoric site near Lake Turkana, the lower valley of the Omo is renowned the world over.
奥莫低谷位于图阿卡那湖附近，是世界上被著名的史前文化遗址。
is renowned:被著名的
According to the biologic characteristic of the Longan and the data of yield and climate during its growth, the methods of parallel analysis and mathematical statistic, it is studied in this paper the key stages and key climate factors that affect Longan yield in Guangxi region.
摘要根据龙眼生物学特性、产量和气候资料，通过平行分析和数理统计方法，对气候条件影响广西地区龙眼产量的关键时期和关键因子进行了被研究。
is studied:被研究
A mathematical model of the vibration at the upper segment of a pile when there exist severe defects is put forward based on theoretical analysis, and the curve characteristics of its low strain test is described according to engineering practice under condition of transient shock.
摘要从理论上给出了当基桩存在浅部严重缺陷时，在受到瞬态激振力的情形下，桩体上段振动的数学模型，并结合工程实践，被描述了其低应变实测曲线的特徵。
is described:被描述
Abstract: A mathematical model of the vibration at the upper segment of a pile when there exist severe defects is put forward based on theoretical analysis, and the curve characteristics of its low strain test is described according to engineering practice under condition of transient shock.
文摘:从理论上给出了当基桩存在浅部严重缺陷时，在受到瞬态激振力的情形下，桩体上段振动的数学模型，并结合工程实践，被描述了其低应变实测曲线的特征。
is described:被描述
Article 11If it is proved the carrier that the death of or personal injury to the passenger or the loss of or damage to his luggage was caused the fault of the passenger himself or the faults of the carrier and the passenger combined, the carrier's liability may exonerated or appropriately mitigated.
第一百一十五条经承运人被证明，旅客的人身伤亡或者行李的灭失、损坏，是由于旅客本人的过失或者旅客和承运人的共同过失造成的，可以免除或者相减轻承运人的赔偿责任。
is proved:被证明
A police court is presided over a magistrate, who tries the cases without a jury.
警察法庭重要由地方法官被主持，法官审理各种案件，无须陪审团。
is presided:被主持
Accurate main shaft structure for heavy cutting, the main shaft is installed on a integrated main shaft head, with excellent rigidity for heavy cutting.
重切削精密主轴结构。主轴被安装在一体成型主轴头，重切削刚性佳。
is installed:被安装
An apparatus used for hoisting weights, consisting of a vertical spool-shaped cylinder that is rotated manually or machine and around which a cable is wound.
绞盘，卷扬机一种用于吊起重物的装置。该装置包括一垂直的线轴形圆筒，由人力或机器使之被旋转，在其周围绕有钢丝绳
is rotated:被旋转
An overview of New Zealand (or Aotearoa, the Maori name for New Zealand – meaning land of the long white cloud) is situated in the South Pacific Ocean 2,00kilometres South-East of Australia.
新西兰在毛利语中有“白云之乡“的美称，她被位于南太平洋与同在南半球的澳大利亚相隔2000公里。
is situated:被位于
Abstract: The homogeneous degree of the glass batch is analysed and the formula for calculating the homogeneous degree is derived using the mathematical statistics theory in this paper.The measurement of the homogeneous degree of the batch of Pittsburgh glass is made based on the analysis and the formula.The factors to influence the homogeneous degree and the measurement are analysed.
文摘:根据数理统计理论对玻璃配合料的均匀度作了被分析并导出了计算公式，在此基础上对无槽平板玻璃配合料的均匀度作了测试，并对影响均匀度及其测定的因素作了被分析。
is analysed:被分析
A new measuring instrument for melting and crystallizing temperature of smelting slag is designed adopting advanced microcomputer technology, micro-controller technology, and computer image processing technology in order to accurately and efficiently measure physical features of smelting slag, e. g. melting temperature, flowing temperature, crystallizing temperature, and crystallizing rate, etc.
被设计了一种采用先进的微型计算机技术、微控制器技术、计算机图像处理技术相结合的冶金炉渣熔化结晶温度测定仪，能够准确高效地测试冶金炉渣等材料的熔化温度、流动温度、结晶温度、结晶率等物理特性。
is designed:被设计
Abstract Cutter teeth and gear teeth are simplified as mechanical models, The bending deformation at contact nodes is calculated applying the three-dimension finite element method and analyzing their mechanical condition, the relation curve between shaving force and bending deformation is drawn out.
简介：摘要将刀齿和轮齿抽象简化为力学模型，分析其受力状态，并运用三维有限单元法被计算各节点的弯曲变形量。
is calculated:被计算
A mode where virtual addresses are not transformed through a memory map; for example, the virtual address is used as an actual address.
一种地址转换方式，其中虚拟地址不通过存储映象进行转换，例如将虚拟地址作为实际地址被使用。
is used:被使用
According to James Formof Rand Merchant Bank, a local financial institution, the cost to companies—mainly as share-price discounts or financial guarantees—is equivalent to roughly 3% of their stockmarket value for the first 10% of capital that is transferred to new black owners.
当地的金融机构兰特商业银行的的詹姆士·弗姆拜指出，对公司来说，这一代价主要来自股价折扣或财务担保，在被转让给黑人所有者的资本的第一笔10%时，公司要付出大约相当于其股价的3%。
is transferred:被转让
A novel virtual metrological verification system of missile aiming equipment based on PXI bus and Virtual instrument is designed and implemented.
基于PXI总线和虚拟仪器的被设计思想,被设计并实现了一种新型的导弹瞄准电子设备虚拟计量检定系统。
is designed:被设计
A general equilibrium model with banking sector and consumer-producer microeconomic foundation is constructed to analyze the mechanisms of twin crises in the emerging market economies.
摘要本文被构造了一个具有银行部门和消费－生产者微观基础的一般均衡模型，分析了新兴市场国家双重危机的发生机制。
is constructed:被构造
Aimed at willing of quenchhardening stell, cutting experiment,the cutting performance of carbide vertical milling carbide cutter which is coated with different coating material is compared.The high speed process method which is adapted adapts to high hardness metal is explored.
针对淬硬钢的铣削加工，通过切削实验，比较硬质合金立铣刀不同被涂层材料的切削性能，探索适合高硬度金属材料的高速加工方法。
is coated:被涂层
A method of timing accurate to millionths of a second is needed to find the distance of objects.
为求出物体的距离，被需要一种精确到误差不出百万分之一秒的测时方法。
is needed:被需要
Abstract: A new-type hydraulic pusher is designed in order to improve the automation of tram operation in coal mine, which rises the reliability and efficiency of the original cage pusher.
文摘:为了提高副井提升井口、井底车场操车自动化程度,被设计了一种新型液压推车机,提高了推车机的安全性和工作效率.
is designed:被设计
Abstract: Based on the analysis of the traditional methods for predicting the amount of gas gushed from mine, Model GM (1,1) of the gray theory is applied for this prediction, and is well rectified in practice.
文摘:在分析了传统的矿井瓦斯涌出量预测方法的基础上，被应用灰色系统理论GM（1，1）模型，对矿井瓦斯涌出量进行预测，并在实际中得到了较好的验证。
is applied:被应用
Article 2If a mining enterprise violates any laws or regulations concerning safety, the trade union is entitled to demand that the management of the enterprise or the department concerned deal with the cases seriously.
第二十四条矿山企业违反有关安全的法律、法规，工会被有权要求企业行政方面或者有关部门认真处理。
is entitled:被有权
A TOURIST is convinced she saw Madeleine McCann in Morocco - begging a man: Can I see mummy soon?
一位旅行者被深信自己在摩洛哥看到的那个女孩就是马德琳,当时她正在乞求一个男人说我能很快见到妈咪吗？
is convinced:被深信
A new implementation method for mobile terminal positioning, which is based on mobile location protocol and has better suitability and versatility is presented in this paper.
摘要提出一种新的被基于移动位置协议的移动终端定位实现方法，这种方法适用面比较宽、通用性比较好。
is based:被基于
A host node is provided with an I/O port and a display monitor.
主机节点是由输出入埠和一个显示器所被提供。
is provided:被提供
A new multidimensional distance vector (MDV) is defined based on corners of airplane outline, each airplane has its MDV different from others.
根据飞机形状角点之间的距离,被定义了一种新的多维距离特征向量,不同飞机具有不同的多维距离向量。
is defined:被定义
And their dead bodies will lie in the street of the great city which mystically is called Sodom and Egypt, where also their Lord was crucified.
启1他们的尸首就倒在大城里的街上．这城按著灵意被叫所多玛、又被叫埃及、就是他们的主钉十字架之处。
is called:被叫
A nameplate indicating operating voltage, power consumption, etc. is located on the back of the unit.
指示工作电压、功耗等的铭牌被位于本机背面。
is located:被位于
Abstract: Events contributing to the establishment of statistics―the science of data―and its chemical branch are epitomized.As the new chemical branch named chemometrics or chemstatistics has been disputed in the circles of chemistry for a long time,reasons for adopting chemstatistics are given,which is defined as the science of gathering or generating,describing,summarizing and interpreting the data concerned to acquire new chemical knowledge or information.The fact that many traditional statistical methods,such as significance tests,analysis of variance,regression and correlation,and some others not usually considered statistical,such as model building,Monte Carlo method,Fourier transformation,artificial nerval networks and pattern recognition,each contains one or more of the five connotations of statistics is expounded.The regular pattern that a chemstatistician grows up is approached.The urgent task is to include chemstatistics in the undergraduate or graduate curriculum of chemistry specialty.The goal of the project is to nurture chemists who know statistics.
文摘:本文追溯了统计学发展、建立中的大事，陈述了它的被定义及其化学分支发展、建立的梗概；鉴于化学界对该新兴化学分支学科的名称长期存在争议，提出了以化学统计学而不以化学计量学为该学科名称的理由，把化学统计学被定义为一个研究有关数据的收集或产生、描述、分析、综合和解释，以获得新化学知识或信息的学科；阐明了许多公认属于统计学的方法，如显著性检验、方差分析、回归和相关，以及一些尚未认定属于统计学的方法，如模型建立、蒙特卡罗方法、傅立叶变换和人工神经网络，都含有统计学5个内涵中的一个或多个；探讨了化学统计学家成长的模式，认为当务之急是把化学统计学纳入化学专业的教学计划，以培养懂统计学的化学家。
is defined:被定义
A non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking drug (e.g., vecuronium, atracurium, or pancuronium) can substituted for succinylcholine, but the onset of paralysis is delayed about 6seconds.
可以用非去极化的神经肌肉阻滞剂（如维可罗宁、卡肌宁或潘可罗宁）代替琥珀胆碱，但麻醉的出现将被延迟60秒钟。
is delayed:被延迟
Article 3Where a product is imported at less than normal value of the product and causes or threatens to cause material injury to an established domestic industry concerned, or materially retards the establishment of a particular domestic industry, the State may take necessary measures in order to remove or ease such injury or threat of injury or retardation.
第三十条产品以低于正常价值的方式被进口，并由此对国内已建立的相关产业造成实质损害或者产生实质损害的威胁，或者对国内建立相关产业造成实质阻碍时，国家可以采取必要措施，消除或者减轻这种损害或者损害的威胁或者阻碍。
is imported:被进口
A two-stage adaptive noise cancellation algorithm for ultrasonic nondestructive testing of oil pipeline is studied in this paper.
摘要针对石油管道缺陷超声检测信号的噪声消除问题，被研究了一种两级自适应噪声消除算法。
is studied:被研究
Additionally, a kind of nonlinear CA-voting rule is proved to not chaos using this condition.
并用此条件被证明了一种非线性元胞自动机―投票规则是混沌的。
is proved:被证明
AFTER A BUBBLE is released from its nucleation site, it grows as it makes its way to the surface [see middle illustration at left].
当一个气泡从成核点被释放出来后，它会一边奔向表面，一边不断成长（参见上页中图）。
is released:被释放
A word, which can put before a noun or a pronoun to form a prepositional phrase indicating time, place, direction, object, reason, manner, the passive, comparison, or exclusion, etc. is called a preposition.
用在词或词组前头，合起来表示时间、方向、处所、方式、方法、手段、原因、目的、对象、关联、比较或排除等的词被叫介词。
is called:被叫
A small walled garden, for example, is scaled to the close-range view of its occupant; a large park, however, benefits from spacious vistas and massive groupings of trees.
比如说，一个围墙之内的小庭院的被尺度要满足其使用者的近距离的视线的要求；得益于其空间上的丰富多变以及大量群植的树木而形成的景观，大公园也能获得宜人的被尺度。
is scaled:被尺度
According to the serious paraffin deposit in Daqing Oil Field and the surface technique gathering and transferring flow used in the oil field, a kind of paraffin remover and inhibitor is studied to substitute the well-flushing technique in the peripheral oil fields.
针对大庆油田结蜡严重的问题，根据油田采用的地面工艺集输流程，被研究出能够在外围油田代替热水洗井工艺的油井清防蜡剂。
is studied:被研究
An official United statement confirmed: Manchester United is delighted to announce it has agreed terms in principle with FC Porto for the purchase of the registration of Anderson.
俱乐部官方声明承认：“曼联很被高兴地宣布已经同意签约波尔图的安德森。
is delighted:被高兴
Anadarko is committed to continuing responsible development of China's offshore energy resources.
阿纳达科公司被承诺将继续其在中国的海洋油气能源的业务发展。
is committed:被承诺
A level of pictorial accuracy that borders on, but does not become, photo-realism is blended with a strong sense of color and the ability to capture personality and emotion that evokes the great portrait masters of the past.
近乎照片写实主义的生动逼真，被混合着强烈的色彩感和他掌握个性与情感的卓越能力，这些都是造就历代人像画大师的特质。
is blended:被混合
All is involved in QC: all is involved in QC means of establishing “Quality Policy Guide Committee” and “Improvement Group”; encouraging all high/medium level management involve in process reform, and means of training (including the COP and ISO related training, on-the-job training and the site training for foremen and group heads to improve the site management skills).
全员被参与质量管理：通过成立“质量策导委员会”及“改善小组”﹐与高﹑中层管理人员共同被参与流程改造﹐且通过不断的培训（包括COP﹑ISO相关培训﹑岗位培训及班﹑组长现场改善能力的培训）﹐达到全员被参与。
is involved:被参与
Abstract: On the basis of that the proportion of time spent sparking is analyzed in Electrical Discharge Machining(EDM)process,a new method.which is used to ascertain the trend of discharge gap change,is presented.And a fuzzy control strtegy is introduced to parctical use ,the results is well.
文摘:通过对电火花成形机放电状态的被分析，提出了利用被分析周期内出现异常放电状态时间的比例及开路状态所占时间的比例，来判别电火花成形加工的间隙放电状态及其变化趋势的方法，并在此基础上利用模糊控制策略实现了对电火花成形加工过程中放电状态的控制，取得了令人满意的效果。
is analyzed:被分析
At compared with Ni-Cd battery is better owing to high specific cap-acity, no memory effect, and no cadmium pollutio-n.While it is used on electric vehicle, the complete weight of the vehicle can reduced, the perform-ance of application is good and servicing life is long .It is an ideal power source for electric vehile.
镍氢电池与镍镉电池相比,既相似又超越，比能量高、无记忆效应、无镉公害,应用于电动车上时,使整车重量减轻、被使用特性优良、寿命长，是理想的电动车电源。
is used:被使用
An ideal source of radiation is provided for an optical communication system.
本文为光通信系统被提供了一种理想的辐射源。
is provided:被提供
All Seller's software required for operation of the System and the system is provided to Buyer under the license set forth in Annex E herein.
系统操作所需的一切卖方软件按本合同附件四规定的许可向买方被提供。
is provided:被提供
A precise and reliable control system alongside with a user-friendly control panel is used enabling easy operation and maintains maximum production accuracy and stability.
被使用精而耐用的电器控制系统，配合操作简易的控制面板设计，轻易地掌握到准确而稳定的生产作业。
is used:被使用
Abstract: Making a breakthrough at the limitation of small-taper workhead's in the WEDM, and using the complex operational function of the executive-code in the artcle, a new algorithm is designed in resolving the bigtaper problem of the 4-axis and taper working.
文摘:突破小锥度工作头的限制，利用执行代码较复杂的运算功能，被设计了一种全新算法，有效地解决了大锥度的“四轴加工”和“锥度加工”的问题。
is designed:被设计
Abstract: In this article an optimization method is applied to de sign open-type distribution networks.Graph theory technology is used.Its mathem at ical model considers both the investment of constructing lines and the cost of o peration.The main idea is getting the structure of tree network that meets with the technical constraint conditions and at the same time make the annual cost mi nimum.The examples of simulation show that this method is fast and effective.
文摘:将图论优化技术被应用于配电网络的优化设计，提出了一种适合于开式配电网络规划的优化方法.所建的数学模型综合考虑了待建线路的投资和运行费用.求解方法是以图论中的最短路径问题为基础，配合以开式网络潮流算法，并通过可行路径的合理变换，得出满足技术约束条件且使年计算费用取极小值的树状网络结构.
is applied:被应用
A common phenomena in civilized societies was the emphasis on interpersonal relationship and theory, because civilized society is organized upon mutual cooperation, distribution of fruit of labor was very important, or collapse would come easily.
对人际关系和伦理上的重视，是文明社会的普遍现象，因为文明社会是被有组织的合作关系，劳动成果的分配非常重要，否则就容易垮掉。
is organized:被有组织
A popular ASIC on PWM is analyzed in this paper. The oscillator, most important part of the circuit, and the new design on base of these circuits analysis are discussed.
摘要被分析了当今在PWM方面应用比较流行的一款芯片的主要工作原理，讨论了芯片是重要部分电路的具体电路图以及在此基础上进行的重新设计。
is analyzed:被分析
An output tracking controller is designed to a one-DOF link robot system adaptive back-stepping approach, the character of the robot system is that there are uncertain parameters.
摘要针对具有参数不确定性的单机械臂系统，采用自适应反演法被设计出跟踪控制器，并且给出了不确定参数的自适应律。
is designed:被设计
A score is reported for each module of the test as well as an overall score.
成绩被报告单上有听、说、读、写各个模块的分项计分，也有综合计分。
is reported:被报告
A job control statement used in cataloged or in-stream procedures. It can used to assign default values for symbolic parameters contained in a procedure. For in-stream procedures, it is used to mark the beginning of the procedure.
在编目或流内过程中被使用的一种作业控制语句，可用来对包含在过程中的符号参数赋予系统设定值。对流内过程，用来标志过程的开始。
is used:被使用
Abstract: The landscape project of Ci Lake is built at the belt-like waterfront green land, which is positioned as the recreation and appreciation green land with the theme of city waterfront park.
摘要:黄石磁湖湖景工程是建设在磁湖湖畔的一片带状滨水绿地，被定位为以城市滨水公园为主题的休闲及观赏性绿地。
is positioned:被定位
Aiming at the factors affecting the strength of paste filling material, the relation between affecting factors and strength of paste filling material is revealed on the basis of a lot of experiments in the lain which the river sand was used as skeletal material.
摘要针对影响膏体充填材料强度的因素，通过大量的试验，被揭示了以河砂为骨料的膏体充填材料强度与各影响因素间的关系。
is revealed:被揭示
Abstract: In this paper,the effect of pre-stress on peen-forming is studied experiments,the results show that pre-stress can change the relationship between pre-deformation and pre-stress shot peen deformation,and that 0.05%～0.1%pre-strain is comparetively suitable to improve the spanwise rectilinearity of shot peen-forming configuration surface.
文摘:对预应力喷丸成形进行了试验被研究，指出预应力可以改变其对应的预变形与预应力喷丸变形之间的大小关系，在以改善喷丸型面纵向直线度为主要目的的预应力喷丸成形中，预应变取值0.5/1000～1/1000较为适宜。
is studied:被研究
A novel friction pendulum system (FPS) with dual rollers is studied based on the multibody dynamics theory.
摘要应用多体动力学理论被研究了一种新的辊轴型摩擦摆隔振系统。
is studied:被研究
A change that occurs when physical properties of a substance are changed is called physical change.
物质物理性质改变时发生的变化被叫物理变化。
is called:被叫
A place where a placer deposit is washed to extract its mineral content.
砂矿开采地一个用来清被洗出有用矿物的砂矿开采地
is washed:被洗
AHM oscillating ply series is made of imported superior stainless steel ,the radiation ares of oscillating box is processed in particular, and withour any effect for sonic result, the longevity of the box can prolonged over 50%.The product can used widely in pre and after processing operation for electric plating, imbruing and lacquer covering with the advantage of operating conveniently and cleaning completing and without collision between parts so on.
振板系列产品振盒采用进口优质不锈钢板制作，振盒幅射面经过特殊被处理，在不影响超声效果的情况下，振盒寿命增加50％以上，产品广泛应用于电镀、涂装、电泳、喷漆等工艺的前被处理和后被处理工序，具有操作方便、清洗彻底、工件之间无碰撞等优点。
is processed:被处理
Article As referred to in Article of this Act, the carrying capacity of a water body may not exceeded when a water body is utilized to receive or convey effluents means that any changes in the water quality of a water body that are caused the total quantity of discharges from all pollution sources that use said water body to receive or convey effluents may not exceed the water body classifications and water quality standards determined pursuant to Article of this Act.
第5条本法第五条所称被利用水体以承受或传运放流水者，不得超过水体之涵容能力，指被利用水体以承受或传运放流水之所有污染源，其排放之总量造成该水体水质之变动，不得超过依本法第六条所订之水体分类及水质标准。
is utilized:被利用
A method for making polynomial train is given, and the uniform convergence of the train is proved means of analysis method.
摘要给出了构造多项式序列的一种方法，并采用分析的方法被证明该序列的一致收敛性。
is proved:被证明
Article When a quarantinable infectious disease, a disease suspected to quarantinable or a death due to an unidentified cause other than accidental harm is discovered at a frontier port, the relevant department at the frontier port and the person in charge of the conveyance must report immediately to the frontier health and quarantine office and apply for provisional quarantine inspection.
第十条在国境口岸被发现检疫传染病、疑似检疫传染病，或者有人非因意外伤害而死亡并死因不明的，国境口岸有关单位和交通工具的负责人，应当立即向国境卫生检疫机关报告，并申请临时检疫。
is discovered:被发现
Article 8 When a quarantine infectious disease or a disease suspected to quarantinable or a death due to an unidentified cause other than accidental harm is discovered on conveyance from a domestic pestilence area or in the course of a domestic voyage, the persons in charge of the conveyance are required to make a report to the health and quarantine organ on arrival at the frontier port and undergo preliminary quarantine inspection.
第八条来自国内疫区的交通工具，或者在国内航行中被发现检疫传染病，疑似检疫传染病，或者有人非因意外伤害而死亡并死因不明的，交通工具负责人应当向到达的国境口岸卫生检疫机关报告，接受临时检疫。
is discovered:被发现
A company which is merged or divided shall apply for registration within 9days from the date of making the resolution or decision of merger or division, and should submit the merger agreement and resolution or decision of merger of division, the certificates of the company's public notices of the merger or division carried in a newspaper at least three times and the illustration of paying deor of deassurance.
公司被合并、分立的，应当自被合并、分立决议或者决定作出之日起90日后申请登记，提交被合并协议和被合并、分立决议或者决定以及公司在报纸上登载公司被合并、分立公告至少三次的证明和债务清偿或者债务担保情况的说明。
is merged:被合并
Also, the strategy is based on a realistic need for integrating teacher education to realize the goal that a teacher can practice, is able to practice and does practice scientifically.
该战略也是被基于多元整合的教师教育的现实需要，以实践为教师教育的辐射点，终结单向的知识、理论传授的培训模式，通过“三维”实践路径和“六元”活动范式，实现教师能实践、会实践、科学进行实践的现实目标指向。
is based:被基于
Alberta is located in the western part of Canada and is the westernmost among the Prairie Provinces.
阿尔伯达省被位于加拿大的西部，也是草原诸省中最西部的一个省份。
is located:被位于
As an example, the ratios of the experimental value to the analytical value of ultimate strain of confined concrete are taken as random variables whose probability density function is estimated with the proposed method.
以约束混凝土极限应变的试验与理论预测值之比值为例，进行了概率密度函数被估计。
is estimated:被估计
Abstract: According to the probability fracture mechanics,distribution characters of some parameters related presure vessel and allowance failure probability are discussed in the paper,and then the probability calculation method of pressure vessel is analyzed in thd case of the two kinds of distribution of material strength.Finally,one of the complete assessment methods,failure probability of pressure vessel,is introduced.
文摘:应用概率断裂力学的观点，讨论了压力容器各有关参数的分布特点及允许的失效概率，被分析了材料韧性为两种不同分布时压力容器可靠性计算方法，说明了进行压力容器失效概率被分析是全面评价压力容器的方法之一。
is analyzed:被分析
As a public service, each question is analyzed below, along with possible respons es.
作为一项公共服务,下面将对每个问题进行被分析,并提供参考答案。
is analyzed:被分析
A commodity or service, such as electricity, water, or public transportation, that is provided a public utility.
公用事业由公用事业公司被提供的商品或服务，如电力，水和公共交通
is provided:被提供
A model updating optimization algorithm under quadratic constraints is applied to structure dynamic model updating.
摘要将二次约束优化方法被应用于结构动力模型修正问题中。
is applied:被应用
Article When a quarantinable epidemic victim is discovered the health and quarantine organ, measures must taken promptly in accordance with the rules stipulated in Chapter VIII of these Rules to place him in isolation and prevent other persons from being infected.
第五条卫生检疫机关被发现染疫人时，应当立即将其隔离，防止任何人遭受感染，并按照本细则第八章的规定处理。
is discovered:被发现
A radiating source recognition system with simple structure, quickness and effectiveness is designed based on the given method that possesses definete popularized value.
在本文方法的基础上，被设计出一种结构简单、快速有效的辐射源识别系统，具有一定的推广价值。
is designed:被设计
A generic, feature-rich object persistent framework that is designed for today's competitive RAD environment.
这是个通用、功能丰富的对象持久框架，是为当前竞争激烈的RAD环境被设计的。
is designed:被设计
Acoustic properties of space inside a railcar are analyzed based FEM when frequencies are lower: acoustic modal inside the railcar is calculated whether coupled or uncoupled with shell of railcar, acoustic field inside the railcar is calculated when a force is given.
针对某型铁路客车应用有限无法在较低的频率範围内对客车车内的声学特性进行了研究分析，得出了客车车内流体自身的模态和液体与车体耦合后车内流体的模态，并在给定激励下被计算了客车车厢内部的声场。
is calculated:被计算
A virtual stochastic process is constructed so that the basic random variable becomes the value of the stochastic process at certain instants of time.
在此方法中，被构造一个与基本随机变量相关的虚拟随机过程，使得基本随机变量成为该随机过程的截口随机变量。
is constructed:被构造
Article 4. When the application is ratified MCT, the document of Ratification for Establishment of Permanent Representative Office of Foreign Transport Enterprises in China will issued.
第四条外国运输企业在中国设立常驻代表机构的申请经中华人民共和国交通部被批准后，发给《外国运输企业在中国设立常驻代表机构被批准书》。
is ratified:被批准
Ample space is provided on the radio tray for modern batteries, switches, amplifiers, governors, regulators, receivers, and wiring.
充裕的空间被提供关于电台托盘现代蓄电池,开关,放大器,省长和稳压器,接收器和电线.
is provided:被提供
An artificial, recoverable satellite that is designed to carry and support humans, animals, or other living organisms.
生物卫星被设计用于运送和搭载人、动物或其他生物的、人造可返回式卫星
is designed:被设计
A rolling mill is used to form the material into various form such as round rod, square or rectangular bar.
人们被使用轧机把材料加工成各种形状，如圆棒材、方棒材和矩形棒材。
is used:被使用
Article 2Applications must made for the registration of trade marks of cigarettes, cigars and packed cut tobacco, which shall not manufactured and marketed before the trade mark is registered upon approval.
第二十条卷烟、雪茄烟和有包装的烟丝必须申请商标被注册，未经核准被注册的，不得生产、销售。
is registered:被注册
Article 3A surviving spouse who remarries is entitled to dispose of the property he or she has inherited, subject to no interference any other person.
第三十条夫妻一方死亡后另一方再婚的，被有权处分所继承的财产，任何人不得干涉。
is entitled:被有权
A foreign party is encouraged to deposit in the Bank of China any part of foreign exchange which he is entitled to remit abroad.
被鼓励外国合营者将可汇出的外汇存入中国银行。
is encouraged:被鼓励
As a result, the cells in which information is stored can communicate with thousands of other cells.
因此，被储存信息的细胞可以与成千上万的其他细胞进行交流。
is stored:被储存
As well as taxes, he is worried that America's capital marketsare struggling to hold their own against resurgent financial centres such asLondon and Hong Kong.
和税收问题一样，他被担心美国资本市场会在与日益恢复活力的香港、伦敦等金融中心的竞争中出于下风。
is worried:被担心
According to the dynamic change of rheology and mutation danger factors, the process of rheology-mutation, positive rheology, rheology-mutation and mutation, positive rheology-mutation and mutation, mutation and positive evolvement for region ecological safety is analyzed based on the theory of R-M (rheology-mutation) in the safety science.
根据突发性隐患因素与渐发性隐患因素作用的动态变化，基于安全科学的“R-M”基本理论，被分析了区域生态安全渐变－突变过程，渐变正相变过程，渐变－突变的突变过程，渐变－突变的正相变过程，突变过程，正相变过程。
is analyzed:被分析
A constant tension fuzzy control system is designed for four-roller cold rolling mill to ensure that strap steel tension is constant.
摘要为了保证冷轧机轧制中带钢恒张力这一特点，被设计了四辊冷轧机恒张力模糊控制系统。
is designed:被设计
Application of this new way is summed up and an easy mapping way in optimization is seek for.
被总结这一新技术新方法的运用，探索出一条可供借鉴的优化的制图捷径。
is summed:被总结
An electro-discharge machining control comprising first and second current sources of relatively high and low voltage respectively, first switch means for repeatedly connecting said second source to an output for a first duration for connection to an electrode and second switch means for repeatedly connecting said first source to said output only when said second source is connected to said output and for a constant duration which is shorter than the first duration of the connection of said second source to the output.
放电加工控制包括较高和较低电压的一级和二级电流源，第一个开关意味着用于重复被连接第二电源到输出线，用于第一个持续时间被连接一个电极和第二个开关意味着重复被连接第一个源到输出线，只有当第二电源被连接到输出线时，固定时间间隔小于被连接第二电源到输出线的第一个持续时间。
is connected:被连接
A very common sedimentary rock is called shale， which is a soft rock and was obviously formed being deposited on the sea bed.
一块极普通的沉积岩被叫页岩，这种页岩质地松软，很明显是通过海底沉积作用形成的。
is called:被叫
Abstract: using the self-regulating electrostatic drying equipment,theelectrostatic drying for plant leaves is studied.The equipment is a surface silent discharge ozone generator.The electrostatic drying and natural drying are compared experimentally.The result shows that the electrostatic field is more effective for plant drying.The polarity characteristics of the electrostatic drying is discovered during the experiment and discussed.For accelerating drying,the polarity characteristics should considered in the drying equipment design.
文摘:在自制的沿面式无声放电臭氧发生装置上，对植物叶片进行了干燥实验.通过对植物静电干燥和自然干燥的比较，证实静电场对植物有明显的干燥效果.被发现了静电干燥中的极性效应，即当管状电极的极性为负时，干燥速度较快.对极性效应进行了探讨和分析.实验结果表明:沿面式无声放电臭氧发生装置可以有效地对植物进行静电干燥.研究结果对有效地利用静电干燥和极性效应来合理设计静电干燥装置的结构具有重要意义.
is discovered:被发现
And dividing a market into segments according to customers' needs,wants and interest is called market segmentation.
（根据顾客的需要需求与兴趣，把—个市场划分为几个部分，被叫做市场细分。）
is called:被叫
A stylesheet consists of a selector, property names, and values; what is, when put together, is called a statement (See figure 1).
一张样式表包括选择器、合适的名称和值；如果把这些东西写在一起就被叫做语句（见图表1）。
is called:被叫
Allow any part of the subtle bodies that is twisted to untwist and separate from any other that one is intertwined with.
允许精细身体中被扭曲的任何部分解开被扭曲，从混杂在一起的其他部分中分离开来。
is twisted:被扭曲
Any command transmitted between SP and SMG has a sequence number that is generated the command source.
SP与SMG之间发送的任何一条命令都带有一个序列号，序列号由命令源被产生。
is generated:被产生
Any command transmited between SP and SMG has a sequence number that is generated the command source, and no any sequence number is repetitive of another.
SP与SMG之间发送的任何一条命令都带有一个序列号，序列号由命令源被产生，任何两条命令的序列号不能重复。
is generated:被产生
Abstract: The sequentially censored statistical testing Scheme of success ratio, of which the deducing process is based on probability ratio or likelihood ratio, is commonly used in reliability demonstration test.
摘要：成功率序贯截尾统计试验方案是可靠性验证试验中的一种常用方案，其理论推导过程被基于“概率比”或“似然比”。
is based:被基于
A honeypot is a service (program or server), which is installed in a network.
蜜罐是被安装在网络中的一个服务（程序或者服务器）。
is installed:被安装
A sextile is formed between Mars and Saturn showing most of your actions to well directed and productive.
火星跟土星之间被形成的六分相显示出大部分你的行动都是计划良好及有效率的。
is formed:被形成的
At this time, if the shutter button is pressed lightly halfway, the display will appear again.
此时,如将快门被按钮轻轻被按下一半,显示又会重新出现。
is pressed:被按
Abstract: The coupling between deformation of flexible body and the inertia forces caused large overall motion is handled so simple that the complate erroneous results will produced in dealing with the problems of high speed large overall motions using traditional theory of flexible multibody systems.
文摘:传统的柔性多体系统建模理论由于对柔性体的变形及其与大范围运动产生惯性力之间的耦合被处理得过于简单，所以在分析存在高速大范围运动柔性多体系统的动力学性态时会得到完全错误的结论。
is handled:被处理
A small slipstream of circulating HF acid is regenerated internally to mantain acid purity at the desired level.
为了使酸纯度维持在目标水平，需要从氢氟酸循环流分出一小股流使其被再生？
is regenerated:被再生
A lot of slog is needed on the bottom rungs, but when you arrive at the very tip top, slogging is not merely not needed – it may actually dangerous.
在起步阶段，你往往被需要许多苦干。但当你抵达那个至高点时，你被需要的就不仅仅是苦干了，事实上，苦干可能会带来危险。
is needed:被需要
A solution is needed to remove the restrictions on taking NTFP out of the PA mountain area for smooth project implementation.
为了顺利的实施项目，被需要相应的解决方法来扫除限制了将非木制森林制品带出保护区的各种障碍。
is needed:被需要
Any local enterprises are eligible to the program, if they are leaders in their field,have good growth prospects and a sound credit record, and fall under the category of the industries whose development is encouraged in Hangzhou.
任何一家本地企业都可成为上市培育对象，只要是在同行业中处于领先地位，具有较好的发展前景和良好的信用记录，并属于我市被鼓励发展类产业。
is encouraged:被鼓励
A new scheme of speech recognition, which is based on the SOM/HMM principles, has been provided in the paper.
摘要采用一种被基于自组织特徵映射(SOM)神经网络和隐马尔柯夫模型(HMM)法结合的语音识别方法。
is based:被基于
And today our Toilet ISP team is pleased to leading the way through the sewers, up out of your toilet and -- splat -- right onto your PC.
“如今，我们的厕所ISP团队对于能领先于这一领域感到很被高兴，实现了个人电脑与厕所中下水道的连接。”
is pleased:被高兴
And public interest is stimulated extensive television, newspaper and radio coverages.
与此同时，电视、报纸和广播里的大量报道更是被刺激了人们对体育的兴趣和爱好。
is stimulated:被刺激
Abstract: In order to meet the needs of high-temperature-coiling, thethermal deformation of the hot strip coiler′s segment in the process of coiling is analysed and calculated using the method of FEM.A simulation experiment has been carried out in the laboratory.The thermal deformation magnitude at the vital area has been gained.
文摘:为适应高温卷取的需要,采用有限单元法对1580热连轧机卷取机卷筒扇形板在卷取过程中的热变形进行了被分析计算,并在实验室进行了模拟试验,得出了扇形板关键部位的热变形量的大小。
is analysed:被分析
An old superstition says that yawning is caused the devil and that evil spirits enter the body when your mouth is open wide.
有种古老的迷信说法认为，打哈欠是由魔鬼被引起的，而且当你张大嘴时，恶魔会钻进你的身体。
is caused:被引起的
As the first deluxe business hotel in the city, Traders Plaza Hotel has 208 well appointed rooms &suites and it is managed foreign general manager.To complete your day in a rewarding way, indulge in the variety of dining experiences that the hotel's Cafè Vic and Tangerine Bar/Lounge have to offer!
作为张家港首家豪华商务酒店，国贸皇冠店不但备有208间豪华舒适的房间，更提供多项先进完善的设施，包括商务中心、会议室、健身中心及各类特色佳肴，更特聘外籍总经理被管理，务求为宾客提供极臻完美、尊尚品味的酒店服务。
is managed:被管理
A record message is played when the airport bus approaches the terminal.
当机场班车接近终点时，被播放了注意事项录音。
is played:被播放
A dynamic program slice is obtained recursively traversing the data and control dependence edges in the dynamic dependence graph of the program for the given test case[0,3].
对于给定的测试用例[0.3],动态程序片是通过以下方式被获得的:递归遍历程序动态依赖图中的数据和控制依赖边.
is obtained:被获得的
A comparison theorem is proved for the solutions of a backward-forward differential equations.
摘要被证明了一类正倒向随机微分方程解的比较定理。
is proved:被证明
Alberta is located in the Mountain Standard Time Zone. 1o'clock at Noon in Edmonton is p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
阿尔伯达被位于山地标准时时区。埃德蒙顿中午12点即东部标准时间下午2点。
is located:被位于
According to the general layouts of municipal, district's and town's urban construction and economic development plan, Wuxi Luoshe Key Open Industrial Park is designed in accordance with the principle of continuous economic development with priority to environmental ecology.
无锡洛社重点开放园区根据市、区、镇城市建设总体规划和政府经济发展规划，按照整体发展原则、可持续发展原则、环境生态优先原则进行规划被设计。
is designed:被设计
As the gates open he is welcomed and celebrated the family of the princess and the townspeople.
城堡之门打开了，公主的家人和全镇的人民都被欢迎他，为他庆祝。
is welcomed:被欢迎
A mesoscopic transmission line composed with periodic series of LC circuits is studied in this paper.
摘要被研究由多个单元电感电容回路周期性连接而成的介观传输线路。
is studied:被研究
According to the scale-free model of Internet and the puzzle of semantic wea design project of the complementary architecture network is presented, the transport protocols of broadcasting network are defined, the design and implementation of broadcasting software are described in detail, and then the capability of the experimental network is tested and analyzed.
摘要根据互联网的无尺度现象和语义互联网的困惑，提出了互补结构网络的设计方案，定义了次结构网络的传输协议分层模型，描述了次结构网络发送端和接收端软件的设计与实现，并对实验网络性能进行了被测试和结果分析。
is tested:被测试
Abstract: The mathematical model is applied to study fluid flow in continuous casting tundishes.The flow field in the casting tundish of the plan is simulated and analysed.The result reveals there exist some problems and improvements on them have been pointed out.
文摘:被应用湍流流动的数学模型研究五流连铸机中间包内钢液的流动，对某厂五流连铸机中间包的流场作了模拟和分析，结果表明，该中间包存在一些问题，指出了改进的方向.
is applied:被应用
A： Sure. The area of this flat is around nine hundred square feet. It is designed as one living room, one dining room, one master bedroom and two bedrooms.
当然可以。房子面积约九百平方英尺，单位被设计为一个客厅、一个饭厅、一个主人套房和两个睡房。
is designed:被设计
As for the undivided linear sample space, the kernel function is needed to map onto another high dimension linear space.
对于线性不可分的样本空间，被需要寻找核函数，将线性不可分的样本集映射到另一个高维线性空间。
is needed:被需要
Acting as though the development process is defined and predictable results in being unprepared for the unpredictable results.
自以为开发过程是被定义了的和可预知的，将会导致真正面对不可预知的结果时束手无策。
is defined:被定义
And it is exacerbated the return of millions of war refugees and decades of upheaval that have left land tenure in chaos.
此外，几百万战时难民的返乡，以及数十年战乱带来的土地所有权的混乱，也都是问题被恶化的主要原因。
is exacerbated:被恶化
After all of the air inside vessel is vacuumed a specific vacuum pump, it can also fill Nitrogen or other gases to ensure a longer life of products.
产品周围的气体由被真空泵抽成被真空后，可根据客户要求充氮气或混合气体，以实现更长的保质期。
is vacuumed:被真空
As the temperature of a liquid is raised its vapor pressure increases very rapidly.
液体蒸汽压随着其温度的被升高而十分迅速的增加。
is raised:被升高
A speaker cluster model is used to manage recognition problems caused between-speaker variability.
本发明提出的语音辨识方法系被使用语者分群模型来处珀因语者特性的差异所产生的辨识问题。
is used:被使用
As described above the characteristic of the fa?ade is the air cavity, wich is ventilated mechanically.
如上所述，该外立面的特点就是机械被通风的空气隔层。
is ventilated:被通风
A purpose of the same nature is answered the higher literature, viz., the literature of power.
对同样本质的相关问题，可以从文学的更高层次上，即力量文学得到被回答。
is answered:被回答
A kind of smart water level detection system is designed adopting the design plan of smart water level sensor and transmitter composed ADμC81MCU.
摘要采用由单片机ADμC812组成的智能水位传感器与变送器被设计方案，被设计了智能水位检测系统。
is designed:被设计
Abstract: Appearance of worm transmission wear and tear is analysed in the production practice,the way of solving is put forword and carried out,gaining effect.
文摘:被分析了生产实践中蜗杆传动磨损现象,提出了解决办法并付诸实施,取得了一定的成效.
is analysed:被分析
Although land allocated the government without compensation generally can used without a time limit, some may taken back the government under the following circumstances: it has not been used in two years after allocation except for those approved concerned government units; it is needed for city construction and development; and it has not been used in a way as permitted the government units.
摘要使用无偿划拨的土地原则上并无使用期限问题，但是在一些例外情况下这种永久使用权并不是真实的，这些例外情况包括有：只要以划拨方式取得土地使用权后两年閒置未用，原则上都要收回，除非事先经过批准机关同意；或者基于城市建设发展被需要和城市规划的要求，市、县人民政府可以随时收回划拨土地使用权，并可以予以出让，不受任何限制；或者用地单位不按批准的用途使用土地时也可以收回。
is needed:被需要
Actor who asks that she works together think of most up, that duanmuxinhui is expressed frankly is Liu De Hua.
问起她最想合作的演员，端木新卉直言不讳地被表示是刘德华。
is expressed:被表示
A substance, such as stone, sand, salt, or coal, that is extracted or obtained from the ground or
矿物一种物质，如石头、沙子、盐或煤，从土地或水中被提取或获得，用于经济运行中
is extracted:被提取
A place where a placer deposit is washed to extract its mineral content
砂矿开采地一个用来清被洗出有用矿物的砂矿开采地
is washed:被洗
A small ring-shaped cake made of rich, light dough that is fried in deep fat
甜甜圈，圈饼用油腻而松软的生面在深油中被炸成
is fried:被炸
A unit of work that is defined a user and that is to accomplished a computer. Loosely, the
由用户被定义让计算机去完成的一种工作单位。习惯上说，“作业”这个术语通常指的是作业的一种表述，这种表述可以包括一组计算机程序、一组文卷及一些给操作系统下达命令的控制语句。
is defined:被定义
A filter whose transfer function is matched with the frequency spectrum function of input signal
其传递函数与输入信号的频谱函数被相匹配的一种滤波器。
is matched:被相匹配
A good deal of adult education is accomplished the mass media
成人教育的相当一部分是由大众传播媒介被完成的。
is accomplished:被完成
A record message is played when the airport bus approaches the terminal
当机场班车接近终点时，被播放了注意事项录音。
is played:被播放
An apparatus in which human beings or animals are enclosed and which is revolved to simulate the
航天试验离心机人和动物在其里面并被旋转以模仿宇宙飞行器的加速作用的一种仪器
is revolved:被旋转
As the diamond tip of the drill revolves, it is lubricated mud
在钻机的金刚钻头旋转的时候，泥浆便进行了被润滑。
is lubricated:被润滑
A corridor of undeveloped land, as along a river or between urban centers, that is reserved for
绿色走廊沿河或在两个城市中心区之间的由未开发土地形成的走廊，为市民休闲娱乐或环境保护而被保留
is reserved:被保留
A circuit that needs to use an echo trap if the circuit is used alone
一种电路，如果单独被使用它，则需要被使用回波抑制设备。
is used:被使用
A method of timing accurate to millionths of a second is needed to find the distance of objects
为求出物体的距离，被需要一种精确到误差不出百万分之一秒的测时方法。
is needed:被需要
A rolling mill is used to form the material into various form such as round rod, square or
人们被使用轧机把材料加工成各种形状，如圆棒材、方棒材和矩形棒材。
is used:被使用
Alice has quickly entrenched herself, in the new office, and is liked everyone
艾丽斯新到办公室后很快就处得很好，人人都被喜欢她。
is liked:被喜欢
An artificial, recoverable satellite that is designed to carry and support humans, animals, or
生物卫星被设计用于运送和搭载人、动物或其他生物的、人造可返回式卫星
is designed:被设计
An enclosed vessel in which water is heated and circulated, either as hot water or as steam, for
锅炉，汽锅一种封闭的容器，可对被热水或蒸气在此加被热或进行循环，以获取被热量或动力
is heated:被热
A device that provides medium-capacity random access. It is designed for use as an extension of internal main memory, main storage for operating system and working programs, or where fast direct access is the primary consideration.
一个提供中等容量的随机存取设备,被设计为内存的扩充,作为操作系统和工作程序的主存储器,或在主要考虑快速直接存取的地方使用。
is designed:被设计
A new scheme is studied to realize the injection of Trojan horse combining the technology of DLL(dynamic linking library) and that of remote thread injection on the Windows platform.
被研究了如何将Windows环境下的动态链接库(DLL)技术与远程线程插入技术结合起来实现特洛伊木马植入的新方案。
is studied:被研究
At present, the new round of the passion of futures market is developed through holding under the arm and having entered the WTO and borrowing the great favorable plane of adjustment of the state policies, which is said that it has already been like the surging flowing water, irresistible.
特别是当前，挟入世激流的冲击之势，借国家政策的重大调整之机，期货市场新一轮的激情被发展，已是如滔滔流水，不可阻挡。
is developed:被发展
Analyzed that the current satellite network management protocols are both unsuitable for SEIN (space-earth integrated network)and a new SEIN network management protocol was proposed, the logical correctness of the protocol was verified using Petri net and the design of the protocol entity and the transition gateway was completed. The simulation showed the merit of a short-length PDU and speedy response time, which is adapted to the high delay and limited bandwidth of the SEIN.
分析了传统的网络管理协议对卫星综合信息网络管理的非被适应性,提出了一种新型的卫星综合信息网网络管理协议,利用Petri网验证了其逻辑正确性,完成了其协议实体、转换网关的设计,并在仿真平台上进行了协议测试,测试表明该协议的PDU(协议数据单元)具有长度小、响应时间短的性能,因此被适应卫星网络的高延迟、低带宽的特性。
is adapted:被适应
Accounting standards originated from asymmetric information between preparers of financial reports and their users,while accounting conceptual framework is used as a guide for IASB or FASB to evaluate and develop accounting standards.
会计准则起因于财务报告的编报者与其被使用者之间的信息不对称。建立会计概念框架的主要用途是为国际会计准则理事会和财务会计委员会评估和发展会计准则提供指南。
is used:被使用
Adatom diffusion mechanisms on metal fcc(100) surfaces is studied a systematic static calculation and molecular dynamics based on a series of embedded atom method(EAM) potentials.
通过静态计算和分子动力学方法 ,系统地被研究了吸附原子在金属fcc( )表面的自扩散现象 ,所采用的模型势是一系列由原子嵌入方法 (EAM )得到的。
is studied:被研究
Acid-washing waste liquid produced in the man-made diamond purifying technology is studied in this article. On the basis of test and analysis,the scientific treating technology is designed,the valuable metal in the acid waste liquid is reclaimed and the final waste water is treated with neutralization,so that a better benefit is achieved.
本文对人造金刚石提纯工艺酸洗废液进行了被研究,在试验和分析的基础上,设计了科学的处理工艺,对酸性废液中的有价金属进行了回收,并对最终废水予以中和处理。
is studied:被研究
A single CCD light spot allocation algorithm is constructed for estimating the position and orientation of a spacecraft relative to a fixed coordinate in spacecraft rendezvous and docking. The two-dimension image information sampled computer vision system is the input of the algorithm, and the relation of three-dimension image position restored the algorithm is the output.
为了在交会对接时对飞行器相对于一个固定坐标系的位置和姿态进行估计,被构造了一种光点配置单目CCD算法,它以计算机视觉系统采集的二维图像信息作为输入,将恢复得到的三维图像位置关系作为输出。
is constructed:被构造
A segment cDNA which includes CP-gene of PMMV-QD was synthesized using a reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method. The primers Pand Pusing ing in the RT-PCR is designed ourselves. The segment of cDNA was ligated into a pMD 18-T vector and transformed into a chemical competent XL1-Blue cells.
自行被设计、合成引物P1、P2,用RT-PCR扩增PMMV-QD CP的cDNA,插入T-载体克隆该片段,转化感受态受体菌XL1-Blue,用蓝白菌落筛选转化株,用PCR检测白色菌落,确认获得了带有cDNA的阳性重组子。
is designed:被设计
A synthetic PI sliding mode control method used for load frequency control of multiarea power systems has been proposed, the method has the advantages of PI and sliding mode control, sliding mode superface with integral item make the system can reach on sliding mode from initial time. After reaching on sliding mode, system is controlled PI control based on ACEN.
提出了一种用于多区域互联电力系统的负荷频率综合PI滑模被控制方法 ,该方法同时发挥了基于新区域被控制偏差的比例积分被控制和滑模被控制的优点 ,选用带积分的滑模超面方程使系统从一开始就进入滑模状态 ,当系统进入滑模状态后 ,转化为基于新区域被控制偏差的比例积分被控制。
is controlled:被控制
A new fast pitch-refining algorithm of Mmodel, which is based on the feature of frequency domain error function around pitch, and a new scalable quantization scheme of spectral envelope magnitude, which is based on MBE-LPC model and Variable-Dimension Vector Quantization (VDVQ), are proposed. A 1.8 - 2.kbps scalable Mcoder is implemented with the new pitch-refining algorithm and the new quantization scheme.
在多带激励（MultiBand Excitation,MBE）语音模型的基础上提出了一种被基于基音处频域误差函数特性的快速基音细搜索算法和一种被基于 MBE-LPC与 VDVQ（Variable-Dimension Vector Quantization）的可分级谱幅度矢量量化方案,实现了一种 1.8～2.kbps可分级的 MBE语音编码器。
is based:被基于
Also we use the time-dependent SU(2) gauge transformation to diagonalize the Hamilton operator ,obtain the berry phase and analytically the time-evolution operator. The particle number difference of species A between the two wells is studied analyticall
并且用含时SU(2)规范变换对角化哈密顿量得到了系统的Berry位相和时间演化算符，并被研究了量子随穿过程。
is studied:被研究
After discussing the definition, the basic operations, the representation of Rodrigues-Hamilton parameters and transform operator of quaternion, standard quaternion is defined in this paper.
在讨论四元数及其基本运算、Rodrigues-Hamilton参数表示的四元数和四元数变换算子的基础上,给出了标准四元数的被定义。
is defined:被定义
An information hiding algorithm is presented, which is based on coefficients relationship and fractal dimension The original image is divided into blocks with fixed size The relationship between fractal dimension and image blocks is used to determine the characters of each block Combined with characteristics of human vision system (HVS), the blocks that represent the edges and texture are selected and DCT is applied to them Information is embedded into the relationship between DCT-coefficients Information includes character sequences, number sequences, text files, binary images, gray images and color images and so on Experimental results show that this algorithm can get good perceptual invisibility, high safety, and robustness against geometry attack, filtering, noises and compression
提出了一种被基于系数关系和分形维数的信息隐藏算法该算法将原始载体图像分割成固定大小的图像块 ,利用分形维数与图像之间的关系确定每个图像块的特点结合人类视觉系统 (HVS)的特性 ,选择代表边缘和纹理特征的图像块 ,对它们进行离散余弦变换 ,将信息嵌入到变换系数的关系中隐藏的信息可以是字符序列、数字序列、文本文件、二值图像、灰度图像以及彩色图像等实验结果表明该算法透明性好、保密性高 ,对几何攻击、滤波、噪声和压缩等处理具有一定的稳健性
is based:被基于
And the same course, having a characteristic of the duality, it is limited and limitless to embodied in, phased with continuity, twists and advancing unity of opposites.
而这个同一的过程，又具有两重性的特征，具体表现为被有限性与无限性、阶段性与连续性、曲折性与前进性的对立统一。
is limited:被有限
Ap-plied condition of interpretation method of formation testing data is analyzed also. So,the ac-curacy of interpretation result is improved compared with only using Homer analysis and mordern well test homogeneous stratigraphic model.
并对地层测试资料解释方法的应用条件进行了被分析,这样,比仅用霍纳法和现代试井均质地层模型解释结果的准确性有明显提高。
is analyzed:被分析
An circuit IP performing arithmetic coding is designed to implemented in JPEG2000,which is the newly developed still image processing standard.
被设计了一种实现算术编码的集成电路IP核,可用于下一代静止图像压缩标准JPEG2000编码系统中。
is designed:被设计
As a result,the COinduces the increase of nodules in per plant and of nodules average weight xand of total nitrogen-fixing activity(TNA)while specific nitrosen-fixing activity (SNA) takes different forms in different species and at different growing period ln the meanwhile,the mycorrhizal colonization in plant roots is increased consequently
CO2浓度被增加条件下，根系结瘤量增多，平均瘤重被增加，单株固氮活性提高．但固氮比活性的变化在不同物种和不同生长阶段的表现不一致。 CO2浓度被增加同时还提高菌根在植物根系的侵染率。
is increased:被增加
A universal device is designed for this study,with the device the forming of tee junction could done.
被设计了一套挤胀成形三通管接头的通用装置,并利用此装置进行了三通挤胀成形实验。
is designed:被设计
A sheet of special geotextile laid between the old asphalt pavement and the strengthening layer can greatly decelerate reflective cracking and extend the service life of the pavement, which is proved an economical and effective way to strengthen old pavements.
在旧沥青路面与补强层之间铺设一层专用土工布 ,能有效减缓原沥青路面的反射裂缝 ,并能延长道路的使用寿命 ,实践被证明这是一种经济有效的路面补强技术。
is proved:被证明
A management information base (MIused to store network measurement results is designed and implemented in the paper.
本文被设计并实现了一个用于存储网络测试数据的管理信息库.
is designed:被设计
A design method of high-temperature superconducting microstrip filters basing on model is originated, and a compact G-shaped structure of resonators is designed in this paper. A HTS filter with central frequency 1950MHz and 20MHz bandwidth for WCDMA system was designed.
开发了一种基于模型的高温超导滤波器仿真被设计方法和一种紧凑的组群式G型谐振器结构,研制出了用于WCDMA系统上的带宽为20MHz中心频率为1950MHz的8阶高温超导滤波器.
is designed:被设计
And the Forms authentication for member login is designed to enhance the security of the system.
NET技术，被设计了会员登录的表单认证，以增强系统的安全性。
is designed:被设计
At the same time, the WEC (Water Environment Capacity) is simulated WASPfor Weihe River. The value of WEC is about 141830.3kg/day, the amount of pollutants flowing into river should cut 77.2% at 90% probability of flow.
并应用WASP6水质模型被模拟计算了渭河干流的水环境容量，在90％流量保证率下，渭河干流陕西段的COD_(Cr)环境容量为141830.3kg／day，达到水环境规划目标应削减现有污染物排放量的77.2％。
is simulated:被模拟
An expert system software FRES for the flame retardant polymeric composites design is applied to design and analyze an actual 1components flame retardant formulation The optimal formulation and conclusions drawn the software are in good accordance with the experimental data.
本文被应用聚合物阻燃材料设计专家系统软件FRES 0对一个 12组分的实际聚合物阻燃配方进行了优化设计和分析。所得到的优化配方和配方组成对性能影响的规律能很好地与实验数据相吻合。
is applied:被应用
AIM: In the condition of vertical dead load, modeling natural teeth compares with von-mises stress of post inlay of nichrome and rhotanium, three-dimension finite element method is applied to analyze the von-mises stress distribution of post inlay restoration for residual crown of lowers jaw molar.
目的:对垂直静态载荷下模拟天然牙齿与镍铬合金、金钯合金带桩嵌体的等效应力云图进行比较,被应用三维有限元法分析带桩嵌体修复下颌磨牙残冠的的等效应力分布。
is applied:被应用
A data packet filter firewall which is based on IP address and port for personal computer on the platform Suse 9.is designed and implemented Making full use of the Netfilter mechanism in the kernel of Linux,through programming with the C,XML,python and debugging with GCC.
以Suse 9.2为平台,利用Linux内核的Netfilter机制,使用C语言、XML语言、python语言和调试工具GCC等,设计并实现了一个被基于IP地址和端口号的包过滤防火墙。
is based:被基于
At UT 13~h,the probability of appearing the abnor- mal phenomena,in which propagation delay is 4.80±0.98 ms more than the normal delay,is 25.9%. It is also shown that the appearingof the phenomena is related with the seasonal and the diurnal variation of ionosphere as well as the solar active cycle.
在 UT13~h,出现传播时延比正常时延大4.80±0.98毫秒的概率为25.9%,同时表明该现象的出现与电离层的季节性变化,昼夜变化以及太阳活动周的变化被相关。
is related:被相关
Active red in aqueous solution is decolored near 100% with TOC removal rate of 75%.
实验结果表明,利用该催化剂可使染料活性红的被脱色率接近100%,有机碳(TOC)的去除率可达75%.
is decolored:被脱色
An entire monitor system is designed for the active DC filter used in High Voltage Direct Current(HVDC) lines based on Labview,a developing tool of virtual instrument.
针对高压直流(High Voltage Direct Current,简称HVDC)线路上的混合有源直流滤波器系统,利用虚拟仪器软件开发平台Labview被设计了一套完整的监测系统。
is designed:被设计
All of that indicate that the tropical and temperate elements coexist in Luoping. the methods of Abundance Index, comparing dominant families and genera, Similarity Coefficient of Genus, Principal Components Analysis, the bryoflora is compared between karst valleys as well as between Luoping and other 1areas in China.
通过对物种丰富度、优势科、属相似性系数、区系谱主成分分析和聚类分析等多种方法对三条喀斯特河谷之间,以及三条河谷的总体与国内其它11个地区进行了苔藓植物区系被比较,分析结果可以看出:首先是三条喀斯特河谷之间的被比较,转长河物种丰富度最高,其次为多依河景区,最低的是九龙瀑布群; 三者的优势科有极大的相似性;
is compared:被比较
Aiming at some problems existing in former FMF-method sensorless control system for brushless DC motor, a novel control system based on DSP is designed and the system control scheme is discussed in detail.
针对以往无刷直流电动机反电势法无传感器控制系统存在的一些问题，被设计了一种基于数字信号处理器（DSP）的无刷直流电动机无传感器控制系统，详细介绍了系统的控制方案。
is designed:被设计
And one example that is,is also examined on it,that is,prototype verification for Lena video processing SoC,based on many experiments,the flow is improved and a new prototype board is designed.
在反复试验的基础上,被改进了SoC原型验证流程,并设计出了新的原型电路板.
is improved:被改进
At first, this paper introduced the basic principle of TCP protocol and the most popular TCP protocol software? TCP Reno. And the method and character are researched when mobile device is used to access Internet wireless network. Then a optimizing design of congestion avoiding mechanism and loss detecting mechanism are proposed.
本论文首先简单介绍TCP协议的基本原理和目前最常用的TCP协议软件Reno,然后介绍了被使用移动设备进行互联网接入的方式和特点,然后提出了对TCP协议软件进行的优化设计,并着重介绍了拥塞避免机制和丢包检测机制的优化。
is used:被使用
A finite—dimensional Hamiltonian system R~(2N),dp∧dq, H=-<∧q,p>-1/2<q,q><∧p,p>} is proved to completely integrable in Liouville sense. The relations between the stationary Kaup—Newel equation and this system, X_l-flows are discussed, where X_l is the Kaup—Newell vector field.
本文被证明有限维Hamiltonian系统 R~(2N),dp∧dq,H=-<∧q,p>-1/2<q,q><∧p,p>) 在Liouville意义下是完全可积的,并讨论定态Koup-Newell方程与这个系统以及X_1—流之间的关系,其中X_i是Kaup-Newell向量场。
is proved:被证明
As an example, narrowband Gaussian noise is considered. In this case, the LORD is found to a modified form of the Savage test (MS), and its asymptotic performance is compared with that of the rank sum and rank quantization detectors.
做为例子,在高斯噪声情况下,求出LORD为修正Savage检测器,并把它的渐近性能与常用的秩和、秩量化检测器做了被比较。
is compared:被比较
Aminophosphonic acid chelating resin is synthesized from PS-TEPA. aminophosphonic acid chelating resin loading 1.6mmol/g of phosphorous acid groupsis obtained. The static adsorption character of the resins for Cu2+、Zn2+ and Ni2+ arepreliminary studied.
由 PS-TEPA 胺基树脂还被合成了氨基膦酸型螯合树脂(AP 树脂),研究中发现,采用水介质不能得到目的产物,采用无水乙醇介质,以-NH2:CH2O:H3PO3:HCl(mole)=1:10:10:的物料比例取得的增重率最高,膦酸基担载量为 1.mmol/g。
is synthesized:被合成
Ambiguity phenomena are described from multivocal word, single meaning word and abbreviation, and it is analyzed the causes of the ambiguous sentence It is the ambiguous development cause because there is a multi-explained word in sentence.
以实例描写了多义词、单义词、缩略语引发的歧义现象,被分析其致歧原因是由词义多解所引发的,因此将它们都归纳在词义多解致歧范畴。
is analyzed:被分析
According to the analyses, we obtain the following conclusions (only restricted for "Blood Ocean"): 1. The Korean SOV type corresponds to the Chinese SVO type inmost cases and only 20% of Korean is translated into Chinese "把" type.
通过分析可知,带补语的“把”字句占总数(“把”字句)的7725%左右。 (4)朝鲜语SOV型的状语部分被翻译成汉语之后,动词后继续处置直接宾语或者对直接宾语乃至整个句子说明的部分,也通常被翻译成“把”字句。
is translated:被翻译
A problem on internal waves generated moving Rankine ovoid in stably arbitrary stratified flow and in the stably stratified ocean is studied in present thesis.
本文被研究的是任意稳定分层流体中，也含盖任意稳定分层海洋中，由运动的Rankine卵形体所生成的内波这一科学问题。
is studied:被研究
Analysis and simulation shows that the cold start time is reduced 25%～30% through this GPS satellite allocation method,the influential factors of doppler range are orbital inclination,orbital altitude,elevation of GPS antenna and orbital eccentricity in regular order with an effect,the cold start time is reduced 25%～40% farther considering these influential factors of doppler range.
分析和仿真结果表明,根据GPS卫星间夹角的统计信息选择合理的卫星分配方法,可将冷启动时间被减少25%~30%,影响多普勒频率搜索范围的因素按程度依次为:轨道倾角、轨道高度、GPS天线仰角和轨道偏心率,再考虑这些因素时可将冷启动时间被减少25%~40%.
is reduced:被减少
At first, the process of energy consumption is analyzed and then the way of M75heat-stter is recommended to operate with SFF-4hot-blast stove.
被分析了热定形机的耗能特点,然后介绍了SFF-40与M571D型热定形机的联合运行。
is analyzed:被分析
A new kind of an active reactor with continuous adjustable inductance and resistance is studied based on the magnetic flux control theory in this paper.
被研究了一种基于磁通控制原理的电感和电阻连续可调的有源电抗器。
is studied:被研究
According to the case that control systems are required high reliability and real time reaction in underground production environment,the dual tone multifrequency technique is applied to long distance transmission of low-rate signals in the strong noise environment.
针对煤矿井下生产环境对控制系统的可靠性、实时性要求高的情况,将双音复频技术被应用于强噪声环境中低速率信号的远距离传输。
is applied:被应用
AWG is designed the drive power which apply technology of Electron- Design-Automation and adopt the combination of PLD and special chip.
本功率电源应用EDA技术，采用可编程逻辑器件与专用功能芯片相结合的模式成功被设计了任意波形信号发生器。
is designed:被设计
According to field correlation theorem,the efficiency of microwave dual-reflector antenna is computed and analyzed means of GTD in this paper,which the mainre flector is paraboloidal and subreflcctor is arbtrary spun and symmetric axle.
本文根据场相关定理,应用几何绕射理论(GTD),分析被计算主面为抛物面,副面为任意旋转对称面的微波双反射面天线效率.
is computed:被计算
An the algorithm to achieve numeral value classification of moss is designed according to foundational principle of numeral taxonomy. The numeral characters of spores and capsule on 3taxon in moss are analysed computer. Not only similarity and difference are tested on the basis of their distance coefficient but also coimpared with form and classification.
根据数值分类学的基本原理 ,被设计了一个实现藓类植物数值分类的算法 ,通过该算法对 33种藓类植物孢子和孢蒴的主要性状进行了计算机数量化分析 ,根据距离系数验证了它们之间的相似性和区别 ,并与形态和细胞分类作了比较.
is designed:被设计
According to the short range detection characteristic and the analytical procedure of the traditional active sonar design theories, the underwater ultrasonic detection theories are studied in depth, including the mathematic models of the ultrasonic channel, emitting wave and echo detection. Furthermore the volume reverberation expression of the underwater ultrasonic detection is deduced, and the CW signal is designed for the emitting wave of the underwater ultrasonic detection system for fuze.
本文从近程探测的角度出发，参照传统主动声纳被设计理论的分析方法，对水中超声波探测相关理论进行深入研究，分析了超声波信道、发射信号形式和回波检测模型，得到了水中超声波探测的体积混响表达式，被设计了引信水中超声波探测系统的CW发射信号。
is designed:被设计
A two-stage,high precision spindle constant linear velocity(CLV) control method was developed for CD-R disk test instruments. The method is based on a digital PID(proportional-integral-derivative) controller and phase-locked loop,using the wobble clock read from the CD-R disk as the feedback signal.
为了解决CD-R盘片测试仪中,对未记录CD-R盘的高精度主轴恒线速控制问题,提出了一种被基于数字P ID(比例积分微分)和锁相环的二级高精度主轴恒线速控制方法。
is based:被基于
Activation of adenosine A receptor contributes to the 3-NPA induced neuroprotective effect and is involved in age-difference preconditioning.
腺苷A1受体激活被参与 NPA预处理过程 ,并受年龄因素的影响。
is involved:被参与
According to the analysis and the experiment about the cementation equipment of adjustment well and the the performance of displacement fluid in Daqing area, this article has determined the reasons which result in the CBL-VDL logging resistance in Daqing adjustment well: the first one is that displacement fluid is polluted the residual cement adsorbing on the casing endophragm;
本文根据对大庆地区调整井固井设备及固井顶替钻井液性能的分析与实验，确定了造成大庆调整井声变遇阻的原因：一是顶替钻井液受套管内壁上残留水泥浆的被污染；
is polluted:被污染
A combined power system adaptive stabilized apparatus GPSS is designed to suppress low frequency oscillation and to improve power system stability.
为了抑制电力系统因负阻尼而产生的低频振荡,提高电力系统稳定性,被设计了一种组合电力系统自适应稳定器GPSS(以下简称自适应稳定器GPSS).
is designed:被设计
A 32KB Static Random Access Memory (SRAM), which is widely used at present in VLSI, is designed in this paper.
目前,片上集成存储器一般采用静态结构,本文被设计了一款32KB容量的静态随机存储器(SRAM)。
is designed:被设计
A new proposed evolutionary computation called Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) is applied to obtain optimal parameters of power system stabilizer(PSS). In this paper, a hybrid PSO algorithm with breeding is used,and this revised version is proved to more probable to find a global optimal solution and to achieve faster convergence.
将一种新的进化算法—粒子群优化算法(PSO)被应用到电力系统稳定器(PSS)参数优化当中,文中使用引入交叉操作的混合粒子群优化算法(HPSO),可以获得更好的全局搜索能力和收敛速度。
is applied:被应用
It is specialized in product and develop stationery .Including design ,product ,sell as a system, We have high technology, variety products ,Such as edition binding leather notebook, gift box lock notebook, winding notebook ,album ,versatile volume hardcard notebook etc. which enjoy popularity in the market region of SOUTHEAST ,Europe, USA ,SUOTHEAST, Middle East, Arabia.
被专业从事文具用品的开发和制造，集设计、生产、销售于一体，技术先进，品种齐全，主要产品有精装皮本，礼品盒装锁本，线圈本，相册，万用手册，硬抄本，塑胶文具等系列，产品远销东南亚，欧美，中东，阿拉伯等国家，深得客户青睐！
is specialized:被专业
In this paper, materials selection for abroad aircraft wheel brake assembles in rencent years is analyzed and principle of materials selection for domestis brakes is discussed. Through tests and ma-terials service for many years, it was found that the design and selection is qualified as the requirments of CCAR CTSO-C26C and FAA TSO-C26c.
通过对90年代国外民航飞机刹车装置选材被分析,论述了飞机国产刹车装置选材的依据原则。根据刹车装置零部件选材的试验研究及多年的生产应用实践证明,国产刹车装置的设计选材达到了中国民用航空局CCAR CTSO-C26c《航空机轮和机轮刹车装置》技术标准规定,符合美国联邦航空局FAA TSO-C26c Aircraft Wheels and Wheel Brake Assembles技术标准规定。
is analyzed:被分析
It is the duty of the Communist Party to raise its voice and tirelessly and persuasively explain all this to the Kuomintang and the whole nation so that the genuinely revolutionary Three People's Principles, the Three Great Policies and Dr. Sun Yat-sen's Testament are fully and thoroughly applied throughout the country, and the Anti-Japanese National United Front is broadened and consolidated.
共产党的责任，在于大声疾呼地向国民党和全国人民作不疲倦的解释和说服，务使真正革命的三民主义、三大政策及孙氏遗嘱，全部地彻底地在全国范围内实行起来，用以被扩大和巩固抗日民族统一战线。
is broadened:被扩大
It is found that the oxidation reduction reaction between Evan′s blue and potassium chlorate is catalyzed nitrite ion in a dilute phosphoric acid medium.
基于亚硝酸根 (NO-)在稀磷酸溶液中被催化依文思蓝 -氯酸钾氧化还原反应 ,建立了微量 NO-的被催化光度法。
is catalyzed:被催化
In addition, a method of how to apply joseki, which is based on combinatory game theory, to computer Go game system is presented.
最后，还给出了1种被基于组合博弈理论在计算机围棋博弈系统中使用定式的方法。
is based:被基于
In addition, the actuating pressure of famous foreign enterprise is compared commonly big, to apply for a job person should have the good capacity that answers actuating pressure.
此外，知名外企的工作压力一般被比较大，求职者要有良好的应对工作压力的能力。
is compared:被比较
In this paper,the nonlinear chaos theory is applied to the research on the PN sequence in spread spectrum communication. The Kent binary chaotic PN sequence is investigated and compared with the improved logistic binary chaotic PN sequence in respect of the performance of autocorrelation,crosscorrelation,run and balance.
文章将非线性混沌理论被应用于扩频通信系统中的伪随机序列,对Kent混沌二进制序列伪随机码的性能进行分析研究,并与改进logistic混沌二进制序列伪随机码的自相关、游程、互相关均方根值、平衡特性及自相关旁瓣等性能进行比较。
is applied:被应用
In Taibei Sag,the Jurassic reservoir is major reservoir in Shenquan Oilfield,its reserve accounts for 70% of fieldwide reserve,and the reservoir type is complicated fault block oil pool.
台北凹陷神泉油田侏罗系油藏储量占全油田的 7% ,是神泉油田的主力油藏 ,油藏类型为被复杂断块油藏。
is complicated:被复杂
In summer the upwelling in the continental shelf margin waters of the east coast of Guangdong is located in a belt-type zone which runs from southwest to northeast, in the continental shelf margin of the north Dongsha Islands, with the most intensive upwelling occuring in the southwest shallows of Taiwan.
粤东陆架边缘水域夏季的上升流被位于东沙群岛北面陆架边缘从西南向东北的带状区,以台湾浅滩西南最强烈。
is located:被位于
It is proved experimentally and theoretically that the emf of thermoelectric effect is depending also upon the temperature gradient in the same conductor.
一般认为温差电动势与温差及导体的材料有关，与温度梯度无关．本文通过实验和理论两个方面被证明了温差电动势与温度梯度也有关系．
is proved:被证明
It is located in Ningxia Shizuishan Economic Development Zone, eight kilometers southwest from Dawukou urban district, It is adjacent to the Xinghai Lake to the east and the Helan Mountains to the west, only eighty kilometers away from Yinchuan, provincial capital of Ningxia along with neighboring Beijing-Tibet Expressway.
公司被位于宁夏石嘴山市经济开发区，这里距大武口市区西南8公里处，东邻星海湖西依贺兰山，距首府银川80公里，频临京藏高速公路，地理位置优越、交通通讯便利、基础设施齐全。
is located:被位于
In the test of the empennage first bending mode and revolving mode, the aircraft empennage’s non linear dynamic characteristic resulting from fit clearance is analyzed measuring its natural frequency exciting force curve in which natural frequency of empennage varies with exciting force.
通过尾翼的一阶弯曲振动和舵面旋转振动模态试验 ,得到了尾翼固有频率随激振力变化的力频曲线 ,初步被分析了由配合间隙造成的飞行器尾翼结构非线性动态特性
is analyzed:被分析
It is believed that it is a start, and also an important first step, for with such a sense of value from the part it should help bringing in a new-wave of behavior model.
被相信这是一个起步，也是一个重要的第一步，经由此种不同于往昔的价值观，将引领新一波的行为模式。
is believed:被相信
It is designed in the document automobile designing deparment should added in our college.
文件同意我校增加汽车被设计专业
is designed:被设计
If we give precedence to the word, this is called literal or word-for-word translation.
如果我们以字面意思为主，这被叫做直译或字对字翻译。
is called:被叫
It is discovered that the Coulomb failure stresses are all positive on the fracture plane of aftershocks under the condition of 1combinations of the estimated length, width and dislocation quantity. However, the change varies -～-MPa. And positive and negative varies for other aftershocks.
并对结果的可靠性进行了检验 ,被发现在前震和主震的破裂面长宽度和位错量估计值分别取上下限的 16种组合情况下 ,5次较强余震破裂面上的库仑破裂应力变化都为正 ,只是数值在 -～ -1MPa之间变化 ,而另 2次较强余震破裂面上的库仑破裂应力变化正负值发生变化。
is discovered:被发现
In this paper, Petri net is defined net graph, and introducing the "time place" and "token", Petri net becomes enlarged Perti net (EPN).
本文以图的形式给出 Petri网的被定义 ,通过导入“时间Place”和“标记”的附加描述 ,使 Petri网成为扩充的 Petri网 (EPN)。
is defined:被定义
Intraplate seismic belt of Mesoproterozoic is distributed along the Yanshan Mountains, the west of Liaoning, passing through the plain of Liaohe River and the Fanhe River areas; it is called the Yanshan Fanhe Seismic Belt (700～20Ma) which extends along NEE direction presently.
中元古代板内地震带 (170～ 10Ma)西起太行山北段 ,经燕山山脉、辽宁西部、穿越辽河平原至辽宁北部的泛河流域被分布 ,即燕山—泛河地震带 ,现今呈NEE向延伸。
is distributed:被分布
In recent years, the government has formulated the Key Points of National Planning for Desertification Control During 1991-200to speed up the desertification prevention and control project. It is planned that 6.667 million hectares of desertified land will treated over ten years. The development of 2key counties, nine experimental areas and 2demonstration bases of the national desertification prevention and control project has been brought into line with the development plan of the national economy.
近年来，为了加快防治沙漠化工作的进程，中国政府编制了《1991-2000年全国治沙工程规划要点》，制定10年治理开发666.7万公顷沙漠化土地规划目标，全国防治沙漠化工程的20个重点县、9个试验区、22个示范基地已经纳入国民经济发展被计划加以实施。
is planned:被计划
I think it comes from Java, one kind of coffee is called Java, and "Java" begins with "J", so they called it "Jolt".
我想它来自于爪哇的一种咖啡，名字就被叫“Java”（爪哇）。“Java”以“J”为字首，所以把咖啡被叫作“Jolt”。
is called:被叫
If this option is used twice, the second one will disable append mode again.
如果在一个命令行重复被使用了这个参数，第二个将不会是追加模式。
is used:被使用
In order to size a stop-check the technical information needed is saturated steam gage pressure in pounds per square inch and actual required steam volume flow in pounds per hour.
为了确定正确的截止止回阀的通径，需要下列有关的技术参数，被饱和蒸汽表压(磅/平方英寸)，和实际所需的正气流量(磅/小时)。
is saturated:被饱和
It is found the annual average number of rings is essen-tially a constant,it is 5.3±0.6.The total number of growth rings(y)has a close relationwith surface diameter(R),tree hight(H). It is expressed y=7.9+ 5. 83H+ 2.13R。 Sofar we can get the age on cakcayr tree
梭梭的生长轮形态、数量虽不确定，但其生长轮数的年平均值却较为确定，平均为5．3±0．6．梭梭的总生长轮数（y）与梭梭的地径（R）、高度（H）间关系密切，可以用y＝7．96＋5．83H＋2．13R被表示，梭梭的年龄（n）用下式计算
is expressed:被表示
In this paper, the equilibrium equation of liquid bulge forming small tangential round corner is deduced for the complicated shape tube-type blank, the function equation between forming stress parameters are and the small corner are obtained; the forming mechanism of the small tangential corner is studied, the matching relation between liquid bulging pressure and axial thrust is given, the optimal liquid bulging force parameters are determined.
摘要本文被推导出复杂形状管类件复合液压胀形时环向小圆角成形的平衡方程，得出了成形应力与环向圆角半径的解析关系；研究了环向小圆角成形机理，确定了液体胀形压力与轴向推力的匹配关系以及最佳的成形力参量。
is deduced:被推导
In this paper, the pulse broadening in the fiber with Z-dependent α-value is analysed the conclution of WKB method of graded index fibers, and it is put forward, that the fiber with Z-dependent α-value may equivalent to one with constant α-value, and its equivalence a(?) q is derived.
本文由多模光纤的WKB法结果被分析α随Z变化的光纤的脉冲展宽,提出α随Z变化的光纤可以等效成α为常数的光纤这一设想,并导出其等效值α_(cq)。
is analysed:被分析
In the end,the strike effectiveness of U.S.carrier combat group air strike fire is calculated and analyzed.
最后根据在历次战争中得到的经验数据,对美军航母战斗群空袭火力对地攻击效能进行了被计算,并分析了被计算结果,为科学判断敌情提供了依据。
is calculated:被计算
In this paper, the empirical orthogonal function (EOF) method is used to analyze the features of interdecadal variations of upper ocean heat storage (HST), sea surface air pressure (SLP), sea surface sensible heat flux and latent heat flux in the North Pacific (20°-60°N,120°E-120°W), and the relationship between HST in the North Pacific and the Aleutian low at the interdecadal time scale is also discussed.
被使用经验正交函数(EOF)等方法,分析了北太平洋(20°～60°N,120°E～120°W)上层海洋热含量(HST)、海表面气压(SLP)、海表感热和潜热通量的年代际变化特征,并探讨了北太平洋HST与阿留申低压在年代际时间尺度上的关系。
is used:被使用
It is a practical path to solve the production and living problems of the people in mountainous areas and develop rural economy through developing forestry in the vast mountainous areas and harnessing major rivers and improving their ecological environment. This is decided China's special national and forestry conditions.
在广大山区发展林业，在改善中国大江大河及生态环境的同时， 解决山区人民生产生活问题，发展农村经济，是一条现实的道路，这是中国特殊国情和林情被决定的。
is decided:被决定
In the Decisions on the Standards for Filing Directly Received Cases of Infringement Upon Citizens' Democratic and Personal Rights and Those of Malfeasance, it is stipulated that a people's procuratorate shall place on file a case in which a State functionary illegally deprives anyone of his or her legitimate freedom of religious belief -- such as interfering in normal religious activities, forcing a believer to give up his/her membership of a religion or compelling a citizen to profess a certain religion or adherence to a certain religious sect -- and in which the offense is of an abominable nature and has brought about serious consequences and undesirable effects. A people's procuratorate shall also put on record cases of illegally closing or destroying lawful religious sites and other religious facilities.
人民检察院也在《直接受理的侵犯公民民主权利、人身权利和渎职案件立案标准的决定》中被规定，对国家工作人员非法剥夺他人正当的宗教信仰自由，如干涉他人正常的宗教活动或者强迫教徒退教，强迫公民信教或信某一教派，情节恶劣，后果严重，影响很坏的行为，以及非法封闭或捣毁合法宗教场所及其他宗教设施的行为等，应予立案。
is stipulated:被规定
It is analyzed that how to apply the DVI complicated receiver chip TFP101A to digital panel displays,and also the operation rules of the chip.
被分析了TI(德州仪器)DVI接口芯片TFP101A的工作时序,以及高频混合信号电路在PCB布线中的注意事项;
is analyzed:被分析
In accordance with the multivariable and nonlinear constraints in the optimization of the engineering design of the structure of an aqueduct is optimized with GA toolbox, and then a satisfactory optimal result is obtained.
摘要针对工程被优化问题中的多变量、复杂非线性约束条件，运用GA工具箱，对某渡槽结构进行被优化，得出了令人满意的被优化结果。
is optimized:被优化
In this paper, the horizontal stable-layer, which occurred over the eastside of the Qinghai - Xizang Plateau in spring, is analysed with the dense radiosonde data.
本文利用稠密的探空资料,被分析了春季高原东侧的水平稳定层。
is analysed:被分析
In the latter case the pressure is raised and the wafer is mounted on the grounded electrode.
后者的压力被升高硅片放置在接地的电极上。
is raised:被升高
In software design, C8051F02MPU is configured into 8-bit mode drive to have no piece of choices.
软件设计采用被配置 C8051F02单片机为无块选择的分片模式 8 位驱动。
is configured:被配置
IP fragment reassembly and TCP stream assembling is analyzed and completed, decoding the HTTP request which coding the Unicode to the ASCII.
作者被分析和实现对网络数据包的捕获、对IP协议解码和TCP协议解码，正确的实现了IP分片重组和TCP流还原，将UNICODE编码的HTTP请求解码为ASCII编码。
is analyzed:被分析
It is located at JinZhou HuaiShu development zone and near the 307 national highway and the ShiDe railway.
本公司工艺先进，设备精良、技术精湛、管理规范、产品技术指标先进.本公司被位于晋州槐树开发区,临近307国道和石德铁路。
is located:被位于
It is certified that: because of Sino-Russian military exercise,there is an intemittent on the cust-oms checkpoints of Chinese Railway.leading to the normal schedule of goods not shipped.
兹被证明：由于中俄军事演习，中国铁路境内发生间断性的海关关口现象，导致货物不能按期正常发运。
is certified:被证明
Imitated the optical system of Rowland circle structure, the Rowland sphere structure is built in this paper, the Rayleigh-Sommerfeld diffraction scalar integral formula of electromagnetic wave is simplified on the Rowland sphere structure, the computational formulas of spatial frequency spectrum and diffractional far field distribution from the weakly guiding optical fiber LP mode are derived.
仿照罗兰圆光学系统构造罗兰球光学系统 ,在罗兰球中被简化电磁波的瑞利索末菲标量衍射积分公式 ,推导出折射率阶跃分布的弱导光纤LP模衍射场分布和空间频谱的计算公式。
is simplified:被简化
In this paper, Bliss lemma, it is proved that there exists a best constant C such that the weighed Sobolev-Hardy inequality is right.
因此 ,必须寻求另外的方法. 文中采用Bliss引理 ,被证明存在一个最佳常数C使Sobolev Hardy不等式成立.
is proved:被证明
InterLink Automotive (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., established in December, 2004, is located in Export Processing Zone, SND, with the registered capital 2,100,00USD.
英特林克汽车零部件（苏州）有限公司成立于2004年12月，被位于苏州新区出口加工区，先期注册资本为210万美元。
is located:被位于
It is based on such an assumption that any teacher quality is corresponding with a certain of education purpose, duties, instruction standards, and practice requirement, the vice versa.
选题被基于这样一个基本认识假设:即任何教师素质都是在一定的教育教学目标下,被基于一定教育教学任务和实践要求等为前提性参照的,教育目标、教育教学实践要求的变化,必然会需要教师素质进行适当的调整。
is based:被基于
It is believed that Many Chinese audiences know the Western-style wedding from western films.
被相信许多中国的观众都从电影中看过西式婚礼。
is believed:被相信
It is stipulated in the Constitution of the People’s Republic of China as follows: “All ethnic groups in the People’s Republic of China are equal.
《中华人民共和国宪法》被规定：“中华人民共和国各民族一律平等。
is stipulated:被规定
In this story, Singer expresses his understanding of wisdom and folly, whieh is based on his attachment to and admiration for Jewish tradition in a chaos of reality.
辛格对愚和智的理解被基于他对传统的依恋和推崇。作品分别从三个角度来表现传统与现实之间的矛盾冲突:其一是对良心道德的两种立场,即忠诚与背叛;
is based:被基于
In the paper, an explicit function expression of point position accuracy of angular resection is given Optimum point position of symmetric intersection is analyzed analytical method The regularity of optimum point position of angular resection in the ordinary circumstances is studied DFP method of unconstrained optimization The insufficiency of the conclusions in certain references has been pointed out as well
该文给出测角后交点位精度的显函数表达式 ,用解析法被分析了对称交会的最佳点位 ,用无约束最优化DFP法研究了一般情况下的测角后交最佳点位的规律 ,并指出某些文献中的不足
is analyzed:被分析
It is located in Jiading district of Shanghai. Its function is the office and matched meeting center.
被位于上海嘉定区，其功能为嘉定区政府党委、人大办公及配套会议中心。
is located:被位于
In any case, as is stipulated in the Party Constitution, they must carry out the Party's resolutions, though they are entitled to reserve their own opinions.
但是，党章被规定，党员必须执行党的决议，虽然在执行中有权保留自己的意见。
is stipulated:被规定
In the upper Jurassic to Tertiary, there is the alkali diagenetic ambient, in which the inter-pore fluid is inherited from the buried syngenetic water, i.e., alkali saline.
上侏罗纪至第三系为碱性成岩环境，隙间流体被继承了封存同生水特征，为碱性盐卤水。
is inherited:被继承
In this paper, the concept of perturbation guidance of manned spaceeraft during ascent phase is analyzed on the basis of its conceptual demonstration.
本文以载人飞船概念论证方案为背景,被分析探讨了载人飞船上升段摄动制导方案.
is analyzed:被分析
III. The referee should only call the doctor when a contestant is injured and needs medical treatment.
主审只有在选手被受伤须要医疗时才召唤医生。
is injured:被受伤
It is recommended that students take this subject in the first IAP after declaring the major in Mechanical Engineering.
被建议学生们可以在决定主修机械工程后，利用第一个自由活动月选修这门课。
is recommended:被建议
Its separate membership reflects Hong Kong's autonomy in the conduct of its external commercial relations, which is guaranteed under the Basic Law.
这个单独缔约成员的地位，反映香港在处理对外贸易关系方面拥有自主权，《基本法》对此已作出被保证。
is guaranteed:被保证
Its separate membership reflects the autonomy in the conduct of its external commercial relations which is guaranteed under the Basic Law of the HKSAR.
香港特区单独缔约成员的地位，反映香港在处理对外贸易关系方面拥有自主权，《香港特别行政区基本法》对此已作出被保证。
is guaranteed:被保证
In the local dialect, giant panda is pronounced as “big hug”.
在当地方言中，熊猫的被发音接近“熊抱”，谐音“拥抱”。
is pronounced:被发音
In the design of the light system, the communication of LIN bus is according to the norm of LIN1.completely. The LIN interface is based on the standard UART/SCI. It adopt to the single line standard of ISO9141, the LIN network consists of single master node and multiple slave node concept, provided the convenient user API.
在车灯系统的设计中,节点间的LIN通讯完全符合LIN1.2规范协议,该协议被基于通用的UART/SCI硬件接口,采用ISO9141单线传输标准,采取单主多从的总线型拓扑结构并提供方便的用户应用编程接口.
is based:被基于
It is recommended that you install this application to prevent slowness in SMS sending, which may occur over time if you send lots of SMS messages.
我们被建议那些发短信慢的机器安装此软件来防止发短信慢的问题。
is recommended:被建议
If the cast stone is used as aggregate of a particular concrete which can resist both abrasion and lash, this maintaining its original property of abrasion resistance and overcoming the above-mentioned weakness ina great extent as well, then it will provide the possibility of being widely used as the material for resisting abrasion and lash in outlet work.
把铸石作为抗冲耐磨混凝土骨料,浇筑铸石混凝土,既保留铸石的耐磨性能,又在很大程度上克服上述缺点,为铸石作为泄水建筑物的抗冲耐磨材料广泛被使用提供了可能性。
is used:被使用
It is equipped with land-based strategic nuclear missile systems. Its primary missions are to deter the enemy from using nuclear weapons against China, and, in the case of a nuclear attack the enemy, to launch an effective counterattack in self-defense independently or jointly with the strategic nuclear forces of other services, at the order of the supreme command.
战略核导弹部队被装备地地战略核导弹武器系统，主要任务是遏制敌人对中国使用核武器，并在敌人对中国发动核袭击时，遵照统帅部命令，独立或联合其他军种的战略核部队对敌人实施有效自卫反击。
is equipped:被装备
In this paper a new species of the genus Linopteris Presl, Linopterismaxima, sp. nov., is described for several specimens have been collectedfrom the Namurian B--C Hongtuwa Formation in the village Jingerchuan,Jingyuan County, Gansu.
本文被描述甘肃靖远井儿川纳缪尔B—C期红土洼组的一个网羊齿新种.
is described:被描述
In the case that the containers are not brought immediately to the place of unloading (slow customs clearance, not finished building and so on) the buyer is obligated to bear completely the costs of this, if not the seller being responsible because of filling out incorrectly the dispatch documents, that means conformity with the scope of supply, specification to the contract.
如果集装箱没有立即卸货到目的地（清关慢、未完成鸡舍建筑等等）如果不是卖方责任，由于没有正确填写单据的原因，即卖方遵守本合同条款和供货范围，买方被有义务完全承担这些费用。
is obligated:被有义务
if hunting is needed to meet special needs, formalities shall gone through in line with relevant regulations of the State.
因特殊被需要猎捕的，按照国家有关法规办理。
is needed:被需要
It is insinuated that some of the worst ills of Western society are the result of democracy, which is seen as the progenitor of unbridled freedom and selfish individualism.
他们被暗示西方社会的某些最大流弊正是拜民主所赐，诸如鼓吹放任的自由和自私自利的个人主义。
is insinuated:被暗示
Impatient and because these females are extremely easy generation insecurity angst, alone depression, sad sadness, dejected disappointment, angry wait for depressed mood, suffer undesirable mood for a long time to perverse stimulate, law of airframe life division happens disorder, function of nerve internal system is maladjusted, bring about core condition unbalance then, immune force drops, can make thymus is generated decrease with the thymus element that release, the monitoring capability to cell of the mutation inside body mixes cell of lymphocyte, huge bite gobble up ability to drop, incidental cancer is swollen.
由于这些女性极易被产生紧张焦虑、孤独压抑、悲哀忧伤、苦闷失望、急躁恼怒等抑郁情绪，长期受不良情绪剌激，机体生命节律发生紊乱，神经内分泌系统功能失调，进而导致内环境失衡，免疫力下降，可使胸腺生成和释放的胸腺素减少，淋巴细胞、巨噬细胞对体内突变细胞的监控能力和吞噬能力下降，轻易发生癌肿。
is generated:被产生
In economic the society that world turn, promote with management principle along with the universality that calculator apply, the society inside size business enterprise is applied in droves, break the traditional marketing and across into the calculator the society this an all new realm, each big the data of the small scaled business enterprise manages, will make accountancy the COBOL turns to have the development trend more!
在经济全球化的社会里，随着计算机被应用的普及与管理理念的提升，社会中大小企业纷纷被应用，突破传统营销、跨入计算机社会这一全新的领域，各大中小型企业的数据管理，将会使会计电算化更加有发展趋势！
is applied:被应用
In this paper, the dynamical response under the basic state with two-dimensional magne-tohydrodynamic equilibrium in the solar corona caused the radial ejection of cold mass at the solar surface of the open magnetic field is studied numerically.
本文数值被研究了二维磁流体动力学平衡基态下开场区日面冷物质径向喷射所引起的日冕动力学响应。
is studied:被研究
In this thesis, we discussed a Packet Radio Network which is designed specially for the need of temporary communication in tunnels and other environments like tunnels, and this communication system has the Self-Organization feature like Ad Hoc network.
本文所探讨的就是主要为煤矿坑道或是类似的应用场合所被设计的一个类似于Ad Hoc网络的分组无线自组织通信网络。
is designed:被设计
In this paper, based on the characteristics of force and deformation of PARS, the time-variation of the elastic coefficient of fulcrum in the calculation model of PARS is analyzed and studied; and the lessening of rigidity coefficient of elastic fulcrum, which is caused the continual bottom soil resilience beside the piles and the increase of excavation depths during different steps, is discussed.
摘要根据桩锚支护结构的受力和变形特点，研究被分析了桩锚支护结构计算模型中支点弹性刚度系数的动态时变性；讨论了随桩内侧坑底土的持续反弹以及不同工况下随著基坑开挖深度的逐渐增大，进而导致弹性支撑刚度系数的减小的变化规律。
is analyzed:被分析
In this paper, spider die is analyzed in different conditions of inclination angle, compression angle and land length computer simulation.
本文通过对支架式管机头的在不同的分流角、压缩角和定型段长度下的流场进行被分析，从而得到每种参数发生变化时对流道流场参数的影响，指导机头的设计。
is analyzed:被分析
In the drawing my expression in eyes is gentle and soft, expresses the feelings too many painstakingly, and thinks that drawing one-tenth is smiled during the drawing mouth, but for the drawing complete and preserves time permanent, what I selected accounts pastes satiny paper, result the radian of mouth assemble grasps not good when the hand carries expression becomes immediately the air of arrogance even to the extent that despot gas.
画中的我眼神是温柔的，表情没有太多的刻意，画嘴时想画成被微笑的，可是为了画的完整和保存时间的长久，我选择的是记事贴滑腻的纸，结果嘴的弧度总掌握不好，手一提表情就立刻变得傲气甚至霸气。
is smiled:被微笑
In generally the Mesoproterozoic includesthe Changcheng and Jixian Periods, and their time houndary is placed at 1. Ga. The top timeboundary of the Mesoproterozoic is 1. O Ga.
中元古代通常包含长城纪和蓟县纪，纪的界线被置于1.4Ga，而该代的顶部时限被置于1．0Ga。
is placed:被置于
In MSS, the unit of space that is allocated on a staging drive.
海量存储系统（MSS）中，在分级驱动器上进行被分配的存储空间单位。
is allocated:被分配
In this scenario, it is assumed that the voice call takes priority over the data call.
在这种情况下，可以被假设语音呼叫的优先级别高于数字呼叫。
is assumed:被假设
In some plays the stage is blacked out for a short time and the actors speak in darkness.
有些话剧中把舞台灯光熄灭片刻，让演员在被黑暗中讲话。
is blacked:被黑
In this paper, based on the experi ment and research data of the injected water quality in Lunnan oil field in many years, the actual situation of the injected water in Lunnan oil field is analyzed and discussed and the chemical indices (content of the iron, dissolved oxygen, sulfide, carbon dioxide and oil and corrosion rote), the bacterial index, the phys ical indices(content and particle diameter of the suspended sub stance) and the compatibility of injected water with formation water, etc. are evaluated one one.
文章立足于多年来轮南油田注入水水质的实验研究数据，对轮南油田注入水现状进行被分析讨论；对化学指标(铁含量、溶解氧、硫化物含量、二氧化碳含量、含油量、腐蚀率)、细菌指标、物理指标(悬浮物含量、悬浮物粒径)和注入水与地层水配伍性等进行逐一评定。
is analyzed:被分析
It is studied experimentally that the annihilation rule of vertical bloch lines(VBL) in the domain walls of ordinary hard bubbles(OHexerted alternatively the "reconstitution" of static bias fields and in?plane fields.
实验被研究了直流偏场“整形”和面内场交替作用下普通硬磁泡畴壁中垂直布洛赫线（VBL）的消失规律。
is studied:被研究
In this paper, a multiple-grid aia-sea coupled stochastic dynamic model whose main variables are height field and sea temperature field is designed and deduced according to the principles of dynamics and thermeodynamics of the atmosphere, moreover, and used for forecasting experiments on 500hPa height field.
本文从大气热力学与动力学原理出发,被设计并推导了一个以高度场和海温场为主要变量的多网格点的海气耦合随机动力模式,用此模式作500hPa平均高度场的预报试验。预报以春季月份(2月)为初始场,取西太平洋副热带高压活动地区(10°N-40°N,110°E-170°W)6月500hPa高度场作为预报场。
is designed:被设计
In the Steel Wharf of Huang-pu New Port, as an example, the horizontal earth pressure on the wall slab is less about 40% than the classic active earth pressure and the vertical one on the bottom slab about 30% than the overburden pressure when friction between embankment fill and concrete wall is considered as δ=φ/
以广州黄埔新港钢铁码头为例,当被考虑墙摩擦角δ=Ф/3时,立板上的水平土压力可比古典主动土压力约小40％,底板上的垂直土压力可比上载压力约小30％。
is considered:被考虑
In this paper, the gain of fatigue strength of interference-fit riveting components compared with conventional riveting components is studied through tests, and the interference-fit filling effect of coronary rivet is estimated.
摘要通过试验，被研究了干涉配合铆接试件相对于普通铆接试件疲劳强度的增益，估算了冠状铆钉干涉配合的填充作用。
is studied:被研究
It is believed that habitual daydreaming will distance people from society.
人们被相信，习惯性的白日梦幻会把人同社会疏远。
is believed:被相信
In this paper,the wear comparision tests between the TB tapered treads and the LM type treads used on 26torpedo form iron mixing car wheels are introduced,and it is proved that the use of LM type treads provides appreciable economic benefits.
介绍了对260t鱼雷形混铁车车轮使用TB锥形踏面与LM型踏面进行的磨耗对比试验，被证明使用LM型踏面有明显经济效益
is proved:被证明
In alkaline medium manganese(Ⅱ) is oxidized with aeration into manganese(Ⅳ). In acidic medium of phosphoric acid Mn(Ⅳ) reacts with diantipyryl-(m-bromo)-phenylmethane(DAmBM) to form a product in orange color.
研究了在碱性介质中，空气被氧化Mn（Ⅱ）为Mn（Ⅳ），然后Mn（Ⅳ）在磷酸介质中与试剂二安替比林间溴苯基甲烷（DAmBM）反应生成橙色产物。
is oxidized:被氧化
It is estimated that there are ten thousand headhunters in the United States who generate about $billion per year filling executive positions.
据被估计，在美国大约有1万家猎头公司，它们每年靠为企业填补行政职位空缺能赚取20亿美元。
is estimated:被估计
It is proved that the adjacent leaf exchange forest graph of G is connected if the graph G is 2-connected.
被证明了若图G是连通的 ,则图G的邻接叶边交换森林图是连通的.
is proved:被证明
In the Philippines, it is used with milk for dysentery and kidney infections.
在菲律宾，人们将芦荟与牛奶一起被使用，治疗痢疾和肾脏感染。
is used:被使用
In this paper the program based on trace line method is used for the wheel rail space dynamic contact geometry relationship, some analysis and comparison of geometrical contact states between the different wear type treads and rails interactions are given, considered of the lateral section curvature radius and equivalent taper, the abilities in contact stress, the critical speed in straight line, and curve negociation performance are discussed.
本文利用基于迹线法而编制的轮轨空间动态接触几何关系的电算程序,分析和比较了不同的磨耗型踏面与钢轨配合被使用时的接触状态,从横向截面曲率半径和等效斜度的角度讨论了不同的轮轨配合时在接触应力、直线上的临界速度和曲线通过性能等方面的能力。
is used:被使用
It is believed that the annual NPC and CPPCC sessions will provide a forum for the deputies to air their opinions and policy suggestions, while the government to lay out its major goals for the following year.
由此我们被相信一年一度的两会是倾听民声，政策制定的一个平台，是政府规划来年目标的依据。
is believed:被相信
Investors may focus on guaranteed fund issued bank, it is new style of financing product which is welcomed in the international market, it is not only shows the safety like bank deposit, but also make higher return with the interest rate arise, at the same time, rising interest rates will lead to fall of the bond price, and make higher return of guaranteed fund which will issued banks.
投资者可把目光聚焦到正在发售的银行保本基金上，这种在国际市场上大受被欢迎的新型理财品种不但能够提供银行储蓄般的安全感，而且可以利用此次利率上升的机会创造更高的收益；同时，加息导致债券价格下跌，实际上提高了即将入市的银行保本基金的债券投资收益率。
is welcomed:被欢迎
In this paper,the problem of vibration for Chinese Ancient Bell is studied with finite element method. Some important conclusion of vibration which has double tones of one bell vibrational model is obtained.
本文从有限元分析的角度,对中国古代编钟的振动特性进行了多方面被研究,得出了一钟双音及与振动模式有关的一些重要结论。
is studied:被研究
In addition to ,the text explain properly why TAI second keeping all long formerly is short as 1×10-1second as now, it is proved in the experiment changing Cesium beam’s speed 。
正确解释了原来保持(TAI)秒为什么短了1×10-12秒,并作了改变铯束速度的实验被证明。
is proved:被证明
It is revised into: "The State maintains public order and suppresses treasonable and other criminal activities that endanger State security; it penalizes actions that endanger public security and disrupt the socialist economy and other criminal activities, and punishes and reforms criminals." (Update in 1999)
被修改为: “国家维护社会秩序，镇压叛国和其他危害国家安全的犯罪活动，制裁危害社会治安、破坏社会主义经济和其他犯罪的活动，惩办和改造犯罪分子。”
is revised:被修改
In this paper, the curved quadrilateral isoparametric element with eight nodes is used to calculate the two dimensional high subsonic potential flow field in a Laval nozzle the variationai finite element method. Results of computation are satisfactory and are compared with the one dimensional calculation.
本文被使用了八节点曲四边形等参元,通过变分有限元法,对二维高亚音速Layal喷管位势流场进行了计算,结果是满意的,并和一维结果进行了对比。
is used:被使用
It is estimated that two million people around the world have now tried bungee jumping.
据被估计世界上已有两百万人体验过蹦极跳了。
is estimated:被估计
In this paper, a CQT (Call Quality Test) estimation system is adopted, a CQT Dialing and Testing System based on GSM is designed and completed.
本文就是基于这一背景，采用CQT(Call Quality Test)为网络性能的评估体系，被设计并实现了基于GSM的CQT拨打测试系统。
is designed:被设计
It is revealed that the aesthetic conceptions in the Old Testament contain both perceptual beauty and rational beauty.
被揭示了“旧约”的审美思想中同时包容了感性之美和理性之美;
is revealed:被揭示
In this paper, time division multiple access (TDMA) and pulse code modulation (PCM) transmission systems are used to realize the gunshot multiple sensor detection and transmission system, its composition and operation principles are briefly described, and the ground wave field intensity is analyzed theoretically from the point of design. Meanwhile, the main technological specifications of the system are given through actual test results.
采用时分多址 (TDMA)和脉冲编码调制 (PCM)传输体制来实现基于炮射布设的多传感器探测传输系统。简述了系统组成与工作原理 ,从设计角度出发 ,对电波沿地表面传输时的场强进行了理论被分析 ,并通过实验给出了系统能达到的主要技术指标
is analyzed:被分析
In this paper, the recombinant AcMNPV-AaIT and beet armyworms, Spodoptera exigua(Hübner), are used as experimental materials. Depending on the modified droplet feeling method, it is studied that the enhanced matter enhanced synergistic effect of infection to virus. It is selected and verified that Cogon Red has greater synergistic effect of infection.
以苜蓿尺蠖蛾核型多角体病毒的基因重组型病毒(AcMNPV-AaIT)及甜菜夜蛾Spodoptera exigua(H??ner)为材料,采用室内添食法被研究增效物质对该病毒感染增效作用,筛选出对重组病毒具有感染增效作用的物质—刚果红。
is studied:被研究
In accordance with the practice,both model of deformation and the model of force and energy parameter most in use are adopted for program design with C language. On the basis of this,a practical CARD system for channel is designed with Auto CAD software.
针对现场实际情况，采用常用的变形模型及力能参数模型，应用C语言进行程序被设计，在此基础上采用Auto－CAD软件被设计出一套实用的槽钢CARD系统。
is designed:被设计
It is rumored that this old house is home to a number of long-haired ghosts.
被谣传这栋古宅是一些长发鬼聚集的地方。
is rumored:被谣传
In "Maelstrom", what goddess is represented the figurine that Kara receives?
在3×17中，卡拉找到的小雕像被代表什么女神？
is represented:被代表
Intellect is resented as a form of power or privilege," writes historian and professor Richard Hofstadter in Anti-Intellectualism in American life, a Pulitzer Prize winning book on the roots of anti-intellectualism in US politics, religion, and education.
翻译：莱维西最新著作《落后：一个世纪的失败学校改革》探索学校里反智主义倾向的根源，书中的结论是：美国学校绝没有抵制美国人对才学追求的被厌恶。
is resented:被厌恶
In addition, just three countries - Austria, Moldova and Romania - have ratified the treaty, which cannot enter into force until it is ratified countries, of which eight must member states.
此外，只有3个国家--奥地利、摩尔多瓦和罗马尼亚--被批准了公约，只有当10个国家被批准后该公约才能生效，而且其中有8个必须是成员国。
is ratified:被批准
It is analyzed comparatively that the sort,hardness,microstructure,particle shape,size distribution,macrostructure,density of an abrasive for shot blasting steel structures during their coating and anticorrosion,i. e. the pretreatment of steel.
对钢结构涂装防腐过程中 ,钢材的抛丸 (喷丸 )清理 (除锈) ,即钢材预处理过程所用金属磨料的种类、硬度、显微组织、磨料材料的颗粒形状、粒度分级、宏观、微观组织及密度作了对比被分析 ,指出了判断金属磨料质量的简易方法及正确选用磨料的原则。
is analyzed:被分析
If modification of the SSP is needed according to the result of assessment, CSO should responsible for modifying the SSP and submit the modified SSP to flag administration or or its authorized recognized security organization for approval, and the modified SSP could not executed on board until approved.
如评估结果显示本轮保安计划被需要修改，公司保安员应依据评估结果修改保安计划，连同评估结果一起送交船旗国主管机关或其认可的保安组织审核，待审核批准后再在本轮实施。
is needed:被需要
In the project, we have made full use of current network source and backup equipment with the help of ITSM software and a central server of data backup AS/40so that data can backup in the equipment through lane that is connected to the server. And a new policy of data backup has been designed. Consequently the problems associated with data backup in CA have been solved.
方案中充分利用公司现有网络资源、备份设备，结合使用ITSM数据备份软件，以一台AS／400小型机作为备份中心服务器，将数据通过网络备份到备份中心服务器所被连接的备份设备，并制定了新的备份策略，解决了公司数据备份相关问题。
is connected:被连接
Internationally, the situation is complicated and changeable, and competition is becoming increasingly acute.
在国际，形势被复杂多变，竞争更加激烈。
is complicated:被复杂
In the structural mechanics method, elastic thin wall column shell and thin slab theory is used in the computation, and consider two rigid conjunctions, adopt underground frame bending moment allotment method to admeasure the wall of a well and the scaleboard bending moment.
常规的结构力学方法被使用弹性薄壁圆柱壳和薄板理论计算调压井井壁与底板，并考虑二者刚性连接，采用地下框架弯矩分配法对井壁和底板进行弯矩分配。
is used:被使用
In this paper, the ionospheric GNSS signal delay is simulated with real GNSS occultation orbit data, using 3D tracing program which is based on the three dimensional (isotropic) Haselgrove equations in Cartesian coordinates and Budden equations, to find the correct ray paths going from the specified GNSS positions to the specified LEO positions.
利用真实的电离层 GNSS掩星轨道数据 ,采用全球 D射线追踪程序 ,从笛卡尔坐标系下的三维Haselgrove方程和 Budden方程出发 ,利用“打靶”的方法来确定从指定的 GNSS位置到指定的低轨卫星位置正确的射线路径 ,进而被模拟出电离层对 GNSS信号的时间延迟。
is simulated:被模拟
In this article,the correlation between α factor and the thermodynamics in statistical mechanics is calculated statistical law of three classic distributions.The result indicates that,when used upon a monatomic molecule ideal gas,the results of the three distributions are coincident.Meanwhile,α factors of Van Der Waals gas are also discussed,and the corrective term as compared with monatomic molecule ideal gas is given as well.
用三种经典分布的统计规律,被计算了统计物理学中α因子与热力学量之间的关联,结果表明对单原子分子理想气体而言,其结论是一致的.同时讨论了范德瓦耳斯气体的α因子并给出了这种情况下相对于理想气体而言的修正项.
is calculated:被计算
It is rumored that the goblins of Gringotts employ the likes of dragons to guard some of the high security vaults.
被谣传说古灵阁的妖精雇用龙之类的东西保卫一些防范最严密的金库。
is rumored:被谣传
If the wrong encoding is applied to the bytes in memory, the result will unintelligible text.
如果把错误的编码被应用到内容中的字节的话，结果会出现“乱码”。
is applied:被应用
Industrial agglomeration level is estimated the index of spatial Gini coefficient, agglomeration speed is estimated industrial agglomeration index, and agglomeration effects are estimated the Cobb-Douglas production function.
产业集聚水平和集聚速度的被估计分别通过构造区位基尼系数和产业集聚指数，然后进行数学计算得出。集聚效应被估计首先构造了包含产业集聚水平变量的柯布—道格拉斯生产函数，然后应用面板数据，被估计出了各行业集聚对生产的贡献度。
is estimated:被估计
If Matvey nails two big pieces of wood to make a cross, he is dissatisfied and tells him to do it again.
玛特威用两根大木头做成很高的十字架，可是谢辽日卡被不满意，命令他重做。
is dissatisfied:被不满意
In the multi-oligarchs Cournot model of non-linear demand function condition of the right angle hyperbolic, the enterprise only can make a profit when the majority of enterprises in the profession participates in the annexation is proved and the number of the enterprise which the profession can hold in the balanced market scale is explained when the enterprise has the fixed cost in the open market.
摘要通过以直角双曲线为需求函数的行业的多寡头骨诺模型的分析，被证明了行业中企业的兼并只有在大部分企业参与时才是有利可图的，并给出了在开放性的市场中，当企业存在固定成本时在均衡市场规模下所能够容纳的企业数目。
is proved:被证明
At first, the pneumatic position servo control system is analyzed systemically.
首先，本文对气动位置伺服控制系统进行了系统的被分析。
is analyzed:被分析
The method of helping such patients is explained in the following chapters.
关于如何帮助这种病人，下面章节中将会作出被解释。
is explained:被解释
The control of one - link flexible robot arm is studied in this thesis.
本文针对单杆机器人柔性臂进行了运动控制的被研究。
is studied:被研究
LED driver based on adaptive charge pump with constant current is designed in this thesis.
本文正是根据这种技术发展趋势，被设计了一款基于自适应电荷泵技术的恒流型白光LED驱动器。
is designed:被设计
First, suppose the mixture is heated to the temperature T 1.
首先，假定将混合物加被热到温度T1。
is heated:被热
Production base is located in Fujian Motor Circuit City --- Fuan.
生产基地被位于著名的闽东电机电器城---福安市。
is located:被位于
Coke is used predominantly as a fuel reluctant in the blast furnace.
焦炭最初是在鼓风炉里作为助燃剂被使用。
is used:被使用
The Alliance Bible Seminary is located at 22 Peak Road, Cheung Chau.
建道神学院被位于香港长洲山顶道22号。
is located:被位于
The research is based on information collected from the local population.
这项研究被基于从当地人口中收集来的信息。
is based:被基于
A man who collects taxes is called a tax - collector.
收税的人被叫税务员。
is called:被叫
The switch controlling unit in full - electronic computer inter - locking is studied in this paper.
本文以全电子计算机联锁系统道岔控制单元为被研究对象。
is studied:被研究
And the need of socialization of college sports facilities is enlarged under market economy.
而且在市场经济条件下，高校体育场馆的社会化需求逐步被扩大。
is enlarged:被扩大
After leaving the meteorites colliding is formed by the empty planet.
是陨石撞击后留下的空洞所被形成的星球。
is formed:被形成的
A collimating unit is designed for temperature feedback control in real time by using equilibrium techniques.
利用热平衡技术，被设计了一套温度实时反馈控制的凖直装置。
is designed:被设计
Training simulator system for photoelectric collimator is designed for the manual operation of photoelectric collimator.
光电瞄具模拟训练器是为解决光电瞄具的使用操作而被设计的。
is designed:被设计
Observers believe something revolutionary is needed - for example, fully functioning video phones - before this will happen.
观察家认为，市场被需要有些革命性的变化来吸引用户.打个比方，功能齐全的可视电话就是可能的变化之一。
is needed:被需要
The meat from lambs is lamb, but the meat from fully grown sheep is called mutton.
从羔羊取下的肉是小羊肉; 而来自完全长大的羊的肉则被叫做羊肉。
is called:被叫
It is stipulated that the unit offer the fund within one week.
被规定单元在一个月内提供资金。
is stipulated:被规定
The Erynes or Furies are there, and Dante is protected from looking at them.
但丁在艾琳丝与复利斯在那里接受被保护。
is protected:被保护
This chemical factory is located in the suburb of the city.
7这家化工厂被位于这个城市的郊区。
is located:被位于
The Chemisorption of NO on Pd (111) surface is calculated using X _ α - DV method.
本文用X_α-DV方法被计算了NO在Pd (111) 表面化学吸附问题。
is calculated:被计算
The primary function of solvent is dispersed or chemonucleolysis cocatalyst, a variety of synthetic resin.
溶剂的主要作用是被分散或溶解合成树脂、各种助剂。
is dispersed:被分散
The second generation pressurized fluidized bed combustion - combined cycle (PFBC - CC) is developed from the first generation product.
第二代增压流化床联合循环是对第一代产品的被发展与完善。
is developed:被发展
Combustibility of producer gas is compared fuel gas to use rationally low calorific value gas.
对其燃烧特性进行被比较，以利于合理使用低热值煤气。
is compared:被比较
Pest insect community on orange leaves is analyzed with fuzzy cluster method.
经模糊聚类被分析表明，柑桔叶片害虫群落由3个集群和3个边缘种组成。
is analyzed:被分析
Thirdly, the approximate G ^ 1 boundary continuity is guaranteed by using the penalty function method.
最后运用罚函数法被保证由面片边界近似G^1连续。
is guaranteed:被保证
TOSHIBA TOSMAP DCS system is used on unit No. 2 in CHIBA Power Plant, Japan.
日本千叶火力发电站2号系列被使用东芝TOSMAP分散控制系统。
is used:被使用
Moreover the simulation result is compared with the theory analysis data. it is comfirmed and valid.
并对仿真数据与理论分析值进行了被比较。
is compared:被比较
Titanium stick filter uses titanium powder element, is used in the roughing filtering and intermediate filtering.
钛棒过滤器被使用钛粉末结滤志，用于粗滤或中间过滤。
is used:被使用
Once Command and Control is restored we can turn this war around.
一旦指挥控制系统得到被恢复，我们就挽回战局。
is restored:被恢复
Using the wavelet analysis method, the roundness is extracted from measurement signal after errors separation process.
研究了采用小波变换原理对传感器组采集信号局部特征进行分析和被提取的方法。
is extracted:被提取
The Hexigten National Geopark is located in Hexigten Banner, Chifeng city, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
克什克腾国家地质公园被位于内蒙古自治区赤峰市克什克腾旗境内。
is located:被位于
This nest is called the mixed nests is indeed heterogeneous commensalism.
这种蚁巢被叫做混合性蚁巢，实为异种共栖。
is called:被叫
Skyline is commercialized just begin from 2006, pace is a bIt'slower.
天涯被商业化从2006年才开始，步伐慢了一点。
is commercialized:被商业化
Rreal time campaign information is supplied and decision - making project is created with assistant decision - making subsystem.
辅助决策子系统被提供实时战场信息并生成决策方案。
is supplied:被提供
It is hoped that everybody should be diligent and not be lazy.
被希望大家做事要勤谨，不要马虎偷懒。
is hoped:被希望
People get natural rubber from rubber trees as a white, milky liquid, which is called latex.
人们通过橡树获取天然橡胶--一种被叫“乳胶”的白色乳状液体。
is called:被叫
During the development of Gaoji oilfield, HSE management system is applied by Jiangsu petroleum exploration bureau.
江苏石油勘探局将HSE管理体系被应用于高集油田的开发过程。
is applied:被应用
The transmission hump running through the cabin floor is covered in a rubber sheet.
传输驼峰运行通过客舱地板被覆盖在胶板。
is covered:被覆盖
An easy - realizable CH 4 gas sensing system absorption type optic fiber is studied and discussed.
被研究和讨论了一种易于实现的光谱吸收型光纤甲烷传感器。
is studied:被研究
The pollen cup which is detachable is connected a part of the gas - solid separator.
气固分离器的下方被连接有可拆卸式的盛粉杯。
is connected:被连接
So far at least, the Common Fund is involved in the harvest very small.
至少到目前为止，被参与的共同基金可谓收获寥寥。
is involved:被参与
A mere tendeney to produce a rudiment is indeed sometimes thus inherited.
被事实上，产生原基的倾向，有时的确是这样遗传的。
is indeed:被事实上
Chirp up the chirp is played from start frequency to the end frequency.
短促声波开始短促声波从起动频率对结束频率被播放。
is played:被播放
The parameter of the constellation is optimized with the goal that the GDOP should be minimum.
并以GDOP最小化为目标，对该系统的星座参数进行了被优化。
is optimized:被优化
Comprehensive evaluation problem for decision objects is studied in group decision support systems (GDSS).
被研究在群决策支持系统 (GDSS) 中对决策对象的综合评判问题。
is studied:被研究
In this paper, potassium chlorate is researched aboutthermo - dissociation by thermogravimetry (TG) on condition without or with catalyst.
本文用热重法分别被研究了在无催化剂或有催化剂情况下氯酸钾的热分解机理。
is researched:被研究
The glycine is synthesized using chloroacetic acid and ammonia spirit as raw material.
以氯乙酸和氨为原料被合成了氨基乙酸。
is synthesized:被合成
The p - chlorophenyl isocyanate is synthesised by carbonyl chloride and p - chloroaniline. The yield is 90%.
采用光气与对氯苯胺被合成对氯苯基异氰酸酯. 收率≥90%。
is synthesised:被合成
Configuration from last run is saved and auto loads on start - up.
配置从去年来说，是被保存和自动负载就开始行动。
is saved:被保存
And the company is prepared preparing to open its own stores, like its compacter competitor Apple.
并且该公司被准备像他的竞争者苹果一样开放他们的源代码。
is prepared:被准备
Its interest is flowed to and run mode and photograph of social history configuration are contacted.
其利益被流向和运行方式与社会历史形态相联系。
is flowed:被流
A new method of georadar is applied to the rocky historical relic protection.
提出了被应用于石质文物保护工程中的一种新方法———地质雷达方法。
is applied:被应用
Afteredit is choosed in the main menu, press ENTER or OK toe nter into edit mode.
被选择要进入“复制”模式、“清除”模式或者是“离开”
is choosed:被选
Some is worried that the bankrupt of GITI will impaired the credit of the country.
有人被担心，广东国投(GITI)的破产会有损于国家的信誉。
is worried:被担心
The compose of distance measuring system is designed. System's hardware is analysed and chosed. "
设计了基于PSD的测距系统的硬件组成，对硬件组成进行了被分析和选型。
is analysed:被分析
IAS indicates that the diphosphonic acid is adsorbed on the surface of fersmite.
IAS检测结果显示双膦酸在铌钙矿表面发生了被吸附。
is adsorbed:被吸附
The method of chromatic correction is improved and its formula is proposed.
被改进了色度修正的方法并给出了相应公式。
is improved:被改进
As one of the aromatic amino acids, L - phenylalanine is synthesized very complicatedly in living cells.
苯丙氨酸属于芳香族氨基酸，在生物体内存在着复杂的被合成路线。
is synthesized:被合成
When this status is displayed for an AP, first go to the EMS AP Summary Page to determine which AP is in question.
当某个 AP 被显示为这一状态时，首先要到 EMS AP 汇总页确定哪个 AP 出了问题。
is displayed:被显示
When water is heated to 100 degrees Celsius, it boils and becomes steam.
水加被热（heat）到100摄氏度时, 沸腾（boil）变成水蒸气（steam）.
is heated:被热
A component - based software static analyzer is designed and implemented in this paper.
被设计并实现基于反射机制的构件化软件静态分析器。
is designed:被设计
Where generic family data is provided in lieu of component specific data, 3 lots are required.
被提供普通数据替代成分特性数据，需要三个批次。
is provided:被提供
The term "giant cell" is applied to polykaryons found in association with a variety of inflammations.
“巨细胞 ” 词被应用于种种炎症中发现的多核体。
is applied:被应用
Linda was willing to be a devil's advocate on any subject she is interested in.
琳达就是爱在她被感兴趣的话题上唱反调。
is interested:被感兴趣
The floating point genetic algorithm (FAG) is applied to measure the workpiece's arc radius.
将浮点遗传算法被应用于工件圆弧半径测量。
is applied:被应用
It is estimated that GM crops cover almost 4% of total global arable land.
被估计通用汽车公司庄稼几乎覆盖4%的总全球可耕地。
is estimated:被估计
GC 1000 chromatographic analysis instrument is used to analyze gas composition of BF.
大高炉被使用GC1000色谱仪分析高炉煤气成分。
is used:被使用
This radius is estimated to be three times the animal's hip height.
据被估计，拐弯半径大约是其髋高的三倍。
is estimated:被估计
The GMS software is applied to set up the groundwater model of Shijiazhuang city.
本文被应用GMS软件，建立石家庄市地下水流模型。
is applied:被应用
The image is displayed on the monitor and analyzed in the computer memory.
此图像在被显示器上被显示，并在计算机内存中进行处理。
is displayed:被显示
The book is constructed various fractal graph algorithms, and computer programming language.
本书被构造了多种分形图的生成算法，并通过计算机程序设计语言实现。
is constructed:被构造
A Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) situation plotting system is designed and built.
针对上述问题，被设计并实现一个计算机支持的协同工作标绘系统。
is designed:被设计
Today in the U. S cigarette smoking is restricted in many ways.
今天在美国用各种各样方式被限制抽烟。
is restricted:被限制
Father is elected as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in Cincinnati.
父亲被当选为辛辛那提州民主党全国大会代表。
is elected:被当选
Ciphering is supported as a mechanism for encryption of user data & profile on air.
诸如空中用户数据及人物简介解密机械装置(也)被支持加密。
is supported:被支持
Efficiency of edge detection based on the grayscale morphology erode transform is proved by experimental results.
实验被证明，基于灰度形态学腐蚀变换的边缘检测算法是有效的。
is proved:被证明
A BIST of 512 bits static RAM by using Concorde Compiler is designed and simulated.
用Concorde硅编译器工具被设计和模拟了一个512位静态RAM的内建自测电路。
is designed:被设计
In this paper, the problem of concrete block being prone to crack is studied and discussed.
本文针对混凝土砌块易出现裂缝问题进行了被研究、探讨。
is studied:被研究
The system is advertised as safe enough for children to use.
被广告上说这个装备足够安全可以给孩子实用。
is advertised:被广告
The system is advertised as safe enough for child children to use.
被广告上讲这个设备很安全，其实是儿童使用也很安全。
is advertised:被广告
Hierarchy of need theory is analyzed and applied in safety management.
被分析了激励理论中的马斯洛需求层次论，并将该理论应用于安全管理。
is analyzed:被分析
With the development of industry automatization. Supervisory control system based GRPS is applied broadly.
随着工业自动化的发展，基于GPRS的城市内集中监控系统得到广泛的被应用。
is applied:被应用
Coal mining method is controlled by mining geological condition which contains many factors.
煤炭开采方式受开采地质条件被控制。
is controlled:被控制
The characteristic impedance of GTEM cell is analyzed by three - dimension finite element method.
采用有限元法对GTEM传输室的特性阻抗进行了三维被分析。
is analyzed:被分析
The half - bridge inverter circuit is used IGBT as switch with the advantages of MOSFET and GTR.
主电路被使用集MOSFET和GTR的优点于一身的IGBT作为开关管，构成半桥逆变电路。
is used:被使用
The gtt feature is used with IS - 41 Revisions B and beyond.
gtt特性同IS-41RevisionB及以上共同被使用。
is used:被使用
This gypsum roving is processed by silane resin acceptor and specialized in fiberglass reinforced gypsum products.
石膏纱是通过硅烷偶联剂被处理，专门用于增强石膏制品的一种玻璃纤维制品。
is processed:被处理
The mine is located in Gujiao City and is run by the Shanxi Coking Coal Group.
事故煤矿被位于古交市，隶属山西煤矿集团经营。
is located:被位于
Progression of symptomatic intracranial large artery atherosclerosis is associated with a proinflammatory state and impaired fibrinolysis.
有症状的颅内大动脉的进展与促炎症状态和纤维溶解作用被相关。
is associated:被相关
The two studies examined whether the asymmetry search of facial expression is based on configurational features.
考察了表情的非对称搜索现象是否被基于表情的整体特征(群组特征)。
is based:被基于
Effect of confinements on insensitive high explosive (IHE) is studied by photoelectric test.
采用光电测试的方法，被研究了钝感炸药的约束效应。
is studied:被研究
In computer aided design and some correlative fields, it is needed to fit curves accurately.
在计算机辅助设计及相关领域中，被需要对曲线进行精确的拟合。
is needed:被需要
The cage is connected by a spindle to the torque spring and pointer.
用销子将其骨架结构与转矩弹簧和指针被连接。
is connected:被连接
According to its working features, the hydraulic system is designed back pressure can be conrolled freely.
针对其工作特点，被设计了可以自由调节背压的液压系统。
is designed:被设计
Family business is generated in organization based on the consanguinity relationship through the whole family.
家族企业是一种以血缘关系为基础而被产生的企业组织形式。
is generated:被产生
The Robust stability of sampled - data control systems is analysed based on some properties of matrix norms.
借助矩阵的范数概念，对采样控制系统鲁棒稳定性进行了被分析。
is analysed:被分析
The galvanic corrosion of AM 60 magnesium alloy is accelerated for the high dust precipitation in Beijing.
北京地区高自然降尘量对镁合金电偶腐蚀将起到被加速的作用。
is accelerated:被加速
An algorithm on solving 24 - point game based on AI searching tree is constructed in this paper.
使用人工智能中搜索树的方法被构造了一种利用计算机求解24点游戏解的算法。
is constructed:被构造
First, brine is reacted with ammonium hydrocarbonate to obtain the sodium hydrocarbonate and and then filtrated.
卤水和固体碳酸氢铵被反应得碳酸氢钠和母液，碳酸氢钠经煅烧得纯碱。
is reacted:被反应
A post - course assessment is arranged in the final session.
最后一期课程被安排期末评估测试。
is arranged:被安排
The future date is called the delivery date or final settlement date.
未来的日期也被叫交割日或到期日。
is called:被叫
SFI is used by shipping and offshore companies, shipyards, consultancies, software suppliers, authorities and classification societies.
SFI被使用在海运公司和海洋工程公司，船厂，咨询公司，软件供应商，主管当局和船级社。
is used:被使用
It is published by the Dow Jones Company, an influential publisher of international financial news.
它是由道琼斯公司发行的.道琼斯公司是一家有着广泛影响力的国际财经新闻被出版社。
is published:被出版
This information is provided compliance with Department of Education's Consumer Information Act and the Student - Right - to - Know Act.
这一信息被提供符合教育部的消费者信息法和学生知情权法案。
is provided:被提供
Gaobao is specialized in making and selling various stair rails and stainless steel parts.
高堡是一家被专业生产、销售各种楼梯扶手、不锈钢配件的厂家。
is specialized:被专业
Crash a container - truck and part of a guardrail is simulated with the help of software PAM - CRASH.
采用PAM -CRASH 软件，被模拟集装箱汽车列车与桥梁护栏的碰撞过程。
is simulated:被模拟
The applicability and restriction of these methods in our country is analyzed contemporarily.
同时对各种方法在我国的适用性以及限制做出了初步的被分析。
is analyzed:被分析
The infection, which usually lasts about five days, is treated with Bed rest and antiseptic gargling.
感染时间通常持续约五天.其被治疗方法包括卧床休息和用消毒液漱口。
is treated:被治疗
The coastline is littered with testaments to the savageness of the waters.
海岸线上充满了海水肆虐过后的被杂乱东西。
is littered:被杂乱
Anti - Banner component of Content Filtering module is disabled by default in application settings.
反旗帜组成部分，内容过滤模块是默认情况下被禁用在应用程序设置。
is disabled:被禁用
It'seems the whole African continent is united in its delight for the new president.
为新总统的诞生而欢欣雀跃就好像把整个非洲大陆都被联合在一起。
is united:被联合
Thereby, foundation is supplied to designing the hot - top electromagnetic continuous casting system.
为热顶一电磁连铸系统设计被提供了依据。
is supplied:被提供
A contract established in accordance which the law is protected by law.
依法成立的合同，受法律被保护。
is protected:被保护
Further research is needed to determine the long - term safety and efficacy of gastric band surgery.
被需要进一步研究确定来胃束带手术的长期安全性和有效性。
is needed:被需要
As long as the counter is positive, contral is returned to the user program.
只要计数器是正数，控制器就被返回到用户程序。
is returned:被返回
The upper limit is determined by the minimum contrast ratio that is required.
另外，上限是由达到最小对比度来被确定的。
is determined:被确定的
The pressure of steam in the engine is controlled by this button.
这台蒸汽机的蒸汽压力是由这个按钮被控制的。
is controlled:被控制
The similarity between two linear control systems is described at first, which expands the previous conception.
首先被描述了两个线性控制系统间的相似性概念，这种相似性概念蕴涵了前期所给出的相似性概念。
is described:被描述
FUZZY controler parameters is optimized and the system test can be accelerated with digital simulation.
通过数字仿真可以被优化模糊控制器的控制参数，加快系统调试过程。
is optimized:被优化
It is designed to penetrate enemy airspace and achieve a first - look, first - kill capability against multiple targets.
它的被设计是深入敌方领空，达到一看，先杀死能力对付多个目标。
is designed:被设计
In this paper it is proved that uniform convexity metric linear spaces with completeness are reflexive.
本文被证明了完备的一致凸的度量线性空间是自反的。
is proved:被证明
Not everyone, however, is convinced by the appeal of Indian engineering skills.
然而，并不是所有人都对印度工程技术的吸引力被深信不疑。
is convinced:被深信
Complete service is started form first touch. Make clients satisfied according to topping training.
全面服务从第一次接触被开始，通过提供一流的教育训练，使客户获得满意的收益。
is started:被开始
Nestl é's cookie dough is packaged with labels warning consumers not to eat it raw.
雀巢的小甜饼面包被包装上标有警告消费者不要生食。
is packaged:被包装
The concentrated leakage passage in fissured rock is studied with dummy heat source method.
利用虚拟热源法被研究坝基裂隙岩体中存在的集中渗漏通道。
is studied:被研究
One minute dry - running is allowed when the fist time to use.
水泵在新机时被允许干运转1分钟。
is allowed:被允许
It is a new concept point multi - copolyamide fiber web material is used as an adhesive.
在固态胶粘剂中被使用非织造网膜材料作胶粘剂是一种较新的概念。
is used:被使用
Water - soluble solid acrylic copolymer is synthesized by adopting inverse suspension polymerization way.
采用反相悬浮聚合法被合成了水溶性固体丙烯酸共聚物。
is synthesized:被合成
A specific thin - film technology is based on the use of Copper Indium Diselenide (CIS) material.
还有一种被基于使用铜铟硒化合物 (CIS) 材料的特殊薄膜技术。
is based:被基于
A new - type forming mold is designed utilizing rigidity guide plate core pulling to improve production efficiency.
被设计了新型成形模，采用刚性导板抽芯提高了生产效率。
is designed:被设计
The permeability barrier is located in the outermost layer of the epidermis, the stratum corneum.
这层通透性屏障被位于表皮的最外层-角质层。
is located:被位于
It is studied the relationship between the hardwood cutting techniques of Cornus alba L.
本试验对红瑞木硬枝扦插技术与插穗生根成活的关系进行了被研究。
is studied:被研究
The negative ion air cleaner is designed by the principle negative corona discharge.
利用负电晕放电原理被设计负离子空气净化器。
is designed:被设计
Carried around the world by air travelers, it is caused by a never - before - seen strain of coronavirus.
非典病毒是由一种现今人类还没有见过的一种冠状病毒被引起的，并通过空航这种途径在全世界范围内传播开的。
is caused:被引起的
It is hundred yuan a day including heating fee, but excluding service harge.
被一百元一天，包括供暖费但不包括服务费。
is hundred:被一百
The phase is adjusted manually and harmonically with rapid and accurate adjustment.
链条送纸，相位手动谐波调节，被调整快速而准确。
is adjusted:被调整
This is repeated for many different compositions and temperatures to generate the phase diagram.
为了制成相图，对许多不同组成和温度被重复进行操作。
is repeated:被重复
The pressure drop is analysised when screw - type distributors are used.
被分析了采用螺旋型分布器时的压力降。
is analysised:被分析
The mechanism of corticosteroid - induced ocular hypertension is increased aqueous outflow resistance.
类固醇诱导性高眼压的发生机制是房水流出阻力的被增加。
is increased:被增加
Hau is located in north - east part which was previously a rural town.
坑口被位于将军澳区东北方、本来是郊区市集。
is located:被位于
Application of reclaimed water project is studied by sensitive analysis, cost efficiency and scale benefit.
应用敏感性分析法、费用效益法和规模效益分析法对中水工程的推广应用进行了分析被研究。
is studied:被研究
The climb starts at the base of a sea cliff and is threatened by waves.
在海边悬崖底起攀，受波浪的被威胁。
is threatened:被威胁
The route has been cut off, the sea route actually is unimpeded is unimpeded.
陆路阻隔了，海路却是畅通被无阻。
is unimpeded:被无阻
If an error is discovered it must be investigated to find out which seamline is incorrect.
若被发现错误，必须找出哪条缝线不正确。
is discovered:被发现
The fitting of the new restaurant is supervised by the head chef.
厨师长被监督新餐厅的设备安装。
is supervised:被监督
Pass effort of a few years, search people the product is accepted for user place widely.
通过几年的努力，找们的产品广泛地为用户所被接受。
is accepted:被接受
Description is displayed when the page is presented in the results of the search query.
所谓的“描述”是:搜索引擎在搜索结果中被显示的页面陈述。
is displayed:被显示
In the cylinder this expansion space is provided by the vapor space or the head space.
在钢瓶内，这个膨胀空间由蒸气空间或顶部空间被提供。
is provided:被提供
Great International Exchange Square (GIES) is located at the center of Shenzhen CBD HallConvention Center.
大中华国际交易广场，被位于深圳中心区的轴心位置。
is located:被位于
Wherefore the name of the place is called Gilgal unto this day.
因此，那地方名被叫吉甲(吉甲就是辊的意思)，直到今日。
is called:被叫
A plug of keratin and sebum within a hair follicle that is blackened at the surface.
'被黑'.''头粉刺在带毛小囊内由角朊和脂肪组成的粉刺，表面''.'呈'. ''被黑色。
is blackened:被黑
FXL series gilling machine is proved to be able to produce flax spun spinning product.
被证明FXL系列针梳机可以用以生产亚麻短纺产品。
is proved:被证明
In the experimental task 30 second offense is designed and implemented monitoring and alarm display system.
实验任务被设计并实现30秒违例的监控与报警显示系统。
is designed:被设计
This department store is situated at the heart of the shopping district.
这家百货公司被位于商业区的中心。
is situated:被位于
It is complicated for the second step. May I use this way?
您看这第二步，这样做是不是太被复杂了，我可不可以这样做?
is complicated:被复杂
Modulation instability in fiber grating with nonlinearity management is studied based on the nonlinear coupled - mode equations.
基于非线性耦合模方程，被研究了非线性管理光纤光栅中的调制不稳定性，得到了调制不稳定性的色散关系。
is studied:被研究
The section, just over 10 km, is desolated with 150 battle plodd atforms in various shapes.
这一段，超过了十公里，经历了150多次规模不等的战役，显得很被荒凉。
is desolated:被荒凉
The Fourier law is modified when applied to the instantaneous heat conduction.
通过对傅里叶定律进行被修改，使其能够在强瞬态导热中应用。
is modified:被修改
A T - Sfuzzy model based on this method is applied to the superheated system heat - engine plant.
对启发式辨识方法的基本原理做了阐述，并将基于该方法的T-S模糊模型被应用于火电厂主汽温系统。
is applied:被应用
The company is specialized in producing PVC heat shrink film products.
本公司是被专业生产PVC热收缩膜产品。
is specialized:被专业
The proposed algorithm is described in detail, along with its security analysis and implementation.
该算法的详细被描述以及它的安全性分析和执行。
is described:被描述
Cameron's (Summer Glau) surprising, secret life is revealed in an all installment.
最新的一集中将向我们被揭示卡梅隆惊奇而又秘密的生活。
is revealed:被揭示
And public interest is stimulated by extensive television, newspaper and radio coverages.
与此同时，电视、报纸和广播里的大量报道更是被刺激了人们对体育的兴趣和爱好。
is stimulated:被刺激
Qingdao has abrators equipment factory is located in, main abrators accessories etc.
青岛有成抛丸机设备配件厂被位于，主营抛丸机配件等。
is located:被位于
Heb. 7:7 But without any dispute the lesser is blessed by the greater.
来七7向来都是卑小的蒙尊优的被祝福，这是一无可驳的。
is blessed:被祝福
Solidification is controlled by electronic circuits making possible segregation - free ingots - a task impossible to achieve with castings.
通过电流被控制凝固过程使得无分离钢锭的制作成为可能，而这在铸件工艺中则是不可能的任务。
is controlled:被控制
The seismo electric effect is interpreted based on electrochemistry theories, membrane effect and thickness difference polarization.
从电化学理论、薄膜效应以及浓差极化，被解释了震电效应的基本原理。
is interpreted:被解释
Bear heart city is located in Heibei province, belong to area of swallow remote mountains.
承德市被位于河北省东北部，属燕山深山区。
is located:被位于
Action mechanism for heightening compound cement strength is analysised and discussed based on test results.
并从实验结果中被分析和探讨了复合水泥强度提高的作用机理。
is analysised:被分析
A notched specimen is designed to simulate the corrosion reaction at crack tip.
为此，文中被设计了一种新颖的缺口试样，再现裂纹尖端的真实状态。
is designed:被设计
Zinc gluconate is synthesized with calcium gluconate, sulfuric acid and zinc oxide.
阐述以葡萄糖酸钙、浓硫酸、氧化锌为主要原料被合成葡萄糖酸锌的新方法。
is synthesized:被合成
Helicobacter pylori is associated with as chronic gastritis, peptic ulcer, gastric lymphoma and gastric cancer.
幽门螺杆菌是一种与慢性胃炎、胃溃疡及胃癌的发生密切被相关的致病菌。
is associated:被相关
The surface obtained when every point on the edge generates an involute is called helicoid.
表面获得了在边缘的每点什么时候引起一断开线被叫断开线螺旋面。
is called:被叫
The testing technique for the photoelectric Helmet Mounted Sight (HMS) is studied according to its characteristics.
本文针对光电式头盔瞄准具的特点，对该系统的综合检测进行了被研究。
is studied:被研究
The piston is connected to the crank shaft by a connecting rod.
活塞通过被连接杠被连接到曲轴。
is connected:被连接
At first the structure of high precision double crank shaft is analyzed in the paper.
对高精度曲柄轴的结构进行了被分析，设计并制造了一套磨削高精度双曲柄轴的夹具。
is analyzed:被分析
Self - controlled stroke drilling head, the Spindle speed - reducer is imported from Germany.
自控行程钻削动力头，配备德国被进口专业主轴减速电机。
is imported:被进口
A coronal section of a human brain is stained with hematoxylin and eosin.
人脑冠部经过苏木精和曙红被染色。
is stained:被染色
Hemophilia is caused by a hereditary lack of one of the clotting factors.
血友病就是因为遗传上缺乏一种凝血胶原被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
In one embodiment of the method, the patient is treated for acquired hemophilia.
在本发明的一个实施方案中，被治疗获得性血友病患者。
is treated:被治疗
HENSON ESD Uniform is designed as working dress at electrostatic sensitive working environment.
HENSON防静电工作服是特别为在静电敏感环境中作业而被设计的。
is designed:被设计
When ldirectord is initialised it creates the virtual services for the clutster.
ldirectord被初始化时，为集群创建虚拟服务。
is initialised:被初始
The number is based on information gathered by credit reporting agencies.
数据是被基于信用报告机构收集的信息得到的。
is based:被基于
Article 24 When a credit union is liquidated upon dissolution the League shall conduct supervision.
第24条储蓄互助社因解散被清算时，应受协会监督，其被清算人由社员大会选任之。
is liquidated:被清算
It has nothing to do with walk, this is called a crepuscular walk.
这和散步没有任何关系，这被叫黄昏漫步。
is called:被叫
It has not anything to do with this walk, this is called a crepuscular walk.
这和散步没有任何关系，这个散步被叫做黄昏漫步。
is called:被叫
First, critical path tracing algorithm (CRIPT) is analyzed and then is modified and changed into pseudo CRIPT algorithm.
在被分析了临界路径跟踪法优缺点的基础上，对其进行改进，提出了伪临界路径跟踪法。
is analyzed:被分析
Taking the gas field parts as a system, the uniformity of gas field is designed hierarchal.
将各气场部件作为一个完整的系统考虑，分层次进行气场均匀性被设计。
is designed:被设计
Thoth is believed to have given the Egyptians the gift of hieroglyphic writing.
古埃及人被相信，是图特神赐予了他们象形文字书写这一礼物。
is believed:被相信
It is balanced with high acid and can be full - bodied.
这与高酸很被平衡，十分醇厚。
is balanced:被平衡
A new type bottom hole assembly is provided for high angle deviated and hard formation.
为大倾角硬地层易斜区防斜打快被提供了一种新型的钻具组合类型。
is provided:被提供
The Gordan Jordan River is polluted and endangered in danger of going dry.
约旦河已经遭到了被污染并面临干涸的危险。
is polluted:被污染
No one is as honest as he is,but he is disliked by a crooked neighbour of his.
没有谁像他那么诚实，但他那位狡猾的邻居却被不喜欢他。
is disliked:被不喜欢
For a stable, high - growth species, it is recommended to focus on.
作为稳定高成长性品种，被建议重点关注。
is recommended:被建议
Semi - flexible pavement is generally described as an open - concrete mixture, which is filled with Portland cement grout.
半柔性路面是一种在大孔隙沥青混合料中被填充水泥胶浆而形成的兼具沥青路面与水泥砼路面特点的复合路面。
is filled:被填充
High resolution in detection of the reflected signal is provided by a time - frequency cross correlation function.
反射信号的高解析度检测由一个时 - 频交叉关联函数被提供。
is provided:被提供
This file is opened read - only. The Cross - Functional solution cannot be run.
该文件是以只读方式被打开的. 跨职能解决方案无法执行。
is opened:被打开
The objective function is defined as the summation of normalized zero - delay crosscorrelation of all common - image gathers.
目标函数被定义为各共成像点道集零延迟归一化互相关值之和。
is defined:被定义
Merit: It is situated in a busy high traffic concourse of Sheung Shui.
优点: 被位于上水交通枢纽及市中心，人流极高。
is situated:被位于
In this paper crosslinkable PE is studied by silane crosslinking and peroxide crosslinking.
本文通过硅烷交联和过氧化物交联两种方法实验被研究了交联聚乙烯。
is studied:被研究
The cause of senior school students "difficulties in learning physics is analyzed in this paper."
本文对高中(主要是高一)学生物理学困难产生的原因进行了被分析。
is analyzed:被分析
If we give precedence to the idea, this is called free or sense - for - sense translation.
如果我们以意义为主，这被叫做意译或意对意翻译。
is called:被叫
Proposed a method of word alignment which is based on sentence level aligned bilingual corpus.
提出了一种被基于句子级对齐的双语语料库的英汉词对齐方法。
is based:被基于
Still another program for international students at mizzou is called the grant inaid program Grant - in - Aid Program.
在密苏里还有一种针对国际学生的计划被叫做管理者奖学金计划。
is called:被叫
Later because just is lacked democratically within the party, line of 8 the highroad is interrupted.
后来恰恰因为党内民主的被缺乏，八大路线中断。
is lacked:被缺乏
Non - isothermal kinetics of fatty acid crystallization from emulsion is studied in a batch crystallizer.
用间歇法被研究了脂肪酸乳液的非等温结晶动力学。
is studied:被研究
More gravel is needed to fill the hollow in the driveway.
在车道的凹地上被需要填更多的沙砾。
is needed:被需要
At present, the serions safety problem exists in fishery production, which is supported by communication technology.
目前最突出的生产安全问题是通信技术的被支持。
is supported:被支持
First, DLO matrix is defined based on the 4 intersection method of spatial reasoning.
首先基于空间推理中4交模型的方法，被定义了DLO矩阵。
is defined:被定义
The gate of the field effect transistor is connected to the drain of field effect transistor.
场效应晶体管的栅极被连接场效应晶体管的漏极。
is connected:被连接
In this thesis, a communication processor software - based IEC 870.5 - 101 transmission protocols and DNP 3.0 is designed and programmed.
本文提出并实现了基于 IEC870.5-101、DNP3.0规约的通信前置机的软件被设计及编程。
is designed:被设计
Cultivator has its field, want the subject of labor that makes laborer hold is stabilized namely.
耕者有其田，就是要使劳动者持有一个被稳定的劳动对象。
is stabilized:被稳定
The direct exchange of goods and services which is completed in a short period of time.
是货物和服务的直接交换，一般在短时期内被完成.如用新西兰的冻牛肉换取伊朗的原油。
is completed:被完成
Occupying an area of 280,000 square meters, SESP is located in Suzhou New District Jiangsu Province.
紫兴纸业被位于江苏省苏州市高新技术产业开发区，占地近28万平方米。
is located:被位于
The effect of cation - exchange resins on water dissociation is studied by measuring the current - voltage curves cell.
通过测量电流 - 电压特性曲线，被研究了离子交换树脂对水解离的作用。
is studied:被研究
Note: Value in this table is calculated at prices of current year.
注: 本表价值量指标按当年价格被计算。
is calculated:被计算
Students: The length of the curve making a circle is called the perimeter.
生: 围成圆的曲线的长度被叫做圆的周长。
is called:被叫
The M 68 HC 08 Family is based on the customer - specific integrated circuit (CSIC) design strategy.
M68HC08系列被基于专用集成电路 (CSIC) 设计策略。
is based:被基于
The currency is also suffering because the credit mess is concentrated in dollar assets.
同时也因为信贷危机被集中于美元资产。
is concentrated:被集中
Around half that money is invested in dollar - dominated assets, with the rest in euros and gold.
其中约有一半被投资在美元资产上，其它储备被投资在欧元资产和黄金上。
is invested:被投资
The sink shelf is grooved so that the water will run off.
被洗被涤被池被上被开被槽被是被为被了被让被水被流被走被。被
is grooved:被
However, it is believed that they were created a seventh century Italian monk.
然而，一般被相信蝴蝶饼是七世纪时的一位义大利修士发明的。
is believed:被相信
All users belong to this distribution group, which is based on the company name.
所有用户属于此通讯组，该通讯组被基于公司名。
is based:被基于
Intermediation is automated through technologies such as groupware, intranets, workflow and document management systems.
通过诸如群件、内部网、工作流和文档管理系统等技术，中间层实现了被自动化。
is automated:被自动
The hormone fuels sex - drive in both men and women and is associated with competitiveness and dominance.
荷尔蒙对男性和女性的性欲都有提高的作用，并且与竞争和征服性格被相关。
is associated:被相关
The fault feature of reciprocating machinery is extracted by CWT in this thesis.
本文运用连续小波变换来被提取往复机械故障信号的特征信息。
is extracted:被提取
In the process of door closing, input of opening signal is allowed and is given priority.
在关门过程中，被允许输入开门信号，且开门信号优先。
is allowed:被允许
First, the operating principle of cycloidal gear pump is analyzed in this article.
本文首先被分析了摆线油泵的工作原理，并进一步被分析了目前采用的齿形的缺点。
is analyzed:被分析
The practical model of double - body vibrating screen is designed and made.
被设计制造了双质体振动筛的实际模型，进行了振动与噪声的实际测试。
is designed:被设计
By far the most widely used accelerated depreciation method is called double - declining - balance method.
至今最为广泛使用的加速折旧法被叫双倍余额递减法。
is called:被叫
A harmonic oscillator with time dependent frequency is studied using double wave function theory.
用双波函数理论被研究了频率含时的谐振子。
is studied:被研究
He is dressed as usual for all eventualities: dark grey suit, white shirt, red tie.
他被穿着平常适合各种场合: 深灰色西装，白衬衫，红领带。
is dressed:被穿着
In chapter two, interval - censored data is studied which is not uncommon in clinic medicine.
第二章被研究了临床医学中常见的区间删失数据的情形。
is studied:被研究
The data rate and transmission power is adapted relative to channel variations.
数据速率和发射功率按照信道变化自被适应调节。
is adapted:被适应
The fire fighting data acquisition and vehicle monitoring system is based on GPS.
被基于GPS的消防数据采集和车辆监控系统。
is based:被基于
RSS is used with no form, single - view, one dimensional, data - oriented web browsers.
被使用无地域形成单看，一维、数据化浏览器。
is used:被使用
And assignment system is spent is decided by the quality that produces data system of ownership.
而分配制度是由生产资料所有制的性质被决定的。
is decided:被决定
Data is processed by the data processing software installed on the PC.
通过在PC机中的数据被处理软件对数据进行被处理和分析。
is processed:被处理
It'should be remarked immediately that this is proved here only for weak shock waves.
必须立即指出，这一点在此处只是针对弱冲击波加以被证明。
is proved:被证明
America's fiscal dilemma is unprecedented because the short - term need differs so dramatically from the long - term one.
美国所处的财政“两难困境”是被史无前例的，因为其短期需求与长期需求有着很大区别。
is unprecedented:被史无前例
An electric current in metal is caused by the movement of electrons.
金属内电流是由电子运动被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
Anything that is dropped falls towards the ground because of the force of gravity.
被落下的东西因为地心引力的缘故，都会掉到地上。
is dropped:被落下
It is hoped that in her new job her talents will be better utilized than before.
被希望在新的工作岗位上，她的才干能够得到比以往更好的发挥。
is hoped:被希望
It is hoped that the government's initiative will bring the strike to an end.
被希望政府采取的主动措施可以结束罢工。
is hoped:被希望
Our integrity as a nation is threatened by these separatist forces.
我们国家的完整受到了这些分裂主义势力的被威胁。
is threatened:被威胁
It is hoped that the tax cuts will act as a stimulant to further economic growth.
被希望降低税率这一措施能刺激经济进一步增长。
is hoped:被希望
In practice, however, latitude is restricted by factors such as mixture flammability and limits on the time available for combustion.
实际上，空燃比的调节范围受到混合气的可燃性与燃烧时间的被限制。
is restricted:被限制
The awfully awkward warship is warned not to be awarded war reward.
那艘非常拙劣的军舰受到不给予战争报酬的被警告。
is warned:被警告
The Shenzhou I, the first Chinese spacecraft, is launched at Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center.
中国第一艘进行测试、无人驾驶的太空船神舟一号在酒泉卫星被发射中心被发射升空。
is launched:被发射
The program for parts with trapezoid thread is simplified by this method.
采用此方法可以被简化具有梯形螺纹结构零件的数控车削加工程序的编写。
is simplified:被简化
The procedure for calculating the gi's is called the Hartree self-consistent-field method.
计算这些gi的步骤被叫做哈特力自洽场法。
is called:被叫
This story is expanded in The Truce of Bakura Sourcebook by Kathy Tyers and Eric S.
这个故事在KathyTyers和EricS.Trautmann合著的《巴库拉停战资料书》中得到了被扩展。
is expanded:被扩展
In this paper, GA is applied to solve job-shop scheduling problem.
本文被应用遗传算法求解复杂的作业车间调度问题。
is applied:被应用
The job shop scheduling problem is described and an improved genetic algorithm is proposes.
被描述了作业车间调度问题，提出一种求解作业车间调度问题的改进的遗传算法。
is described:被描述
Partial shipment is allowed and tra shipment is authorized at Hongkong only.
分批装运被允许，转运仅被允许在香港。
is allowed:被允许
The relation between concentration of PS and corrosion current is studied by method of polarization curve.
用电化学参数法被研究石油磺酸盐对A3钢的腐蚀电流与其浓度的关系。
is studied:被研究
A modified version of the M 4 Sherman Tank, the Crocodile is equipped for assault missions.
这是M4雪曼坦克的改装型号，“鳄鱼”为攻击行动而被装备。
is equipped:被装备
Somewhat less strength is needed here as compared with a grape trellis.
这种篱架同葡萄的篱架相比，不被需要很大的支撑力。
is needed:被需要
Better environment is provided that includes trellis space and roof garden.
被提供更便捷舒适的环境场所，其中包括架空空间及屋顶花园。
is provided:被提供
His chapbook Under a Paper Trellis is published by Factory Hollow Press.
他的集子《在纸棚架之下》由发克特里哈娄被出版社被出版。
is published:被出版
Silverwind is a small hobby kennel which is located in Shanghai, China.
银风喜乐蒂是一家被位于中国上海的小型家庭犬舍。
is located:被位于
Trenchless rehabilitation technology is applied more frequently in maintaining underground pipe and ensuring the unimpeded road.
非开挖修复技术在地下管道的维护管理工作以及城市的排堵保畅工作中得到了越来越多的被应用。
is applied:被应用
He is elected by a majority of 40 votes against 10.
他以40票对10票的大多数票被当选。
is elected:被当选
This research subject is supported by the Project of Hanzhong Municipality's Electronic Administration System. (O 0235 P 01).
本研究课题得到研究项目汉中市电子政务系统集成 (O0235P01) 的被支持。
is supported:被支持
Food which has been closed up in tins is called tinned food.
密封在罐头里的食品被叫作罐装食品。
is called:被叫
The Aireforce Air Force Academy is located at Colorado Springs, springs Colorado.
空军军官学校被位于科罗拉多州的斯普林斯市的。
is located:被位于
North America is connected with South America by the Isthmus of Panama.
巴拿马海峡把北美同南美被连接起来。
is connected:被连接
The keyboarder controls the content that is altered or added at that location.
拿键盘的人则掌管在这个位置将要进行的添加于被修改工作。
is altered:被修改
Sym-triazole is synthesized by reaction rectification under the temperature reaction. The yield is 96%.
叙述在环化反应温度下，用反应精馏法被合成均三唑的方法. 收率可达96%。
is synthesized:被合成
The beast is estimated to weigh between 250 and 400 kgs.
人们被估计它的重量在250到400公斤之间。
is estimated:被估计
Ayatollah Khomeini is welcomed back into Tehran, Iran after nearly 15 years of exile.
经历了近15年的流放生活后，阿亚图拉·霍梅尼(注:伊朗伊斯兰教什叶派领袖)回到伊朗德黑兰，受到热烈被欢迎。
is welcomed:被欢迎
The black encompasses his eyes which makes him what is called a black headed tricolor.
这是常见的三色柯基，眼部周围有黑色围绕，所以被叫头部黑色的三色柯基。
is called:被叫
The trademark is registered on the book of the Patent Office.
该商标已在专利局登记被注册。
is registered:被注册
Increased dexterity is based on the notion that a jack-of-all-trades is often the matter of none.
技巧的增加是被基于这样一种观点，即那种多面手常常什么也不精。
is based:被基于
It is analyzed that chemical composing of triploid populusand triploid populus tomentosa carr . trunk andpopulus branch.
对三倍体毛白杨枝桠材、三倍体毛白杨主干、黑杨枝桠材的化学组分进行了被分析。
is analyzed:被分析
The journal Bulletin of Asian-European Studies is published at the center.
本中心拥有学术被出版物《亚欧通讯》。
is published:被出版
The specification of such " derivative boundary conditions " is described in Section 3-5 .
这种“导数边界条件” 的规定被描述于 3-5 节中。
is described:被描述
Parsytec is headquartered in Aachen, Germany and maintains subsidiaries in Korea, China, and North America.
百视的被总部设在德国亚琛，在韩国，中国和北美国都有分支机构。
is headquartered:被总部
The extracted image is saved a file in the JPEG format.
提取一个文件图片并被保存为JPEG格式。
is saved:被保存
Absorbent resin JT-1 is synthesized by using structural strengthening agent and acrylamide.
利用含有吸附基团的结构增强剂与丙烯酰胺等单体共聚，被合成了吸水树脂JT-1。
is synthesized:被合成
The initial facility is located in the Kuhshan Economic & Technology Development Zone, occupied 3000 square kilo-meters.
一期工厂被位于昆山经济技术开发区内，厂内面积3000多平方米。
is located:被位于
The effect is applied to the troll on the uruk's death.
在强兽人死亡的基础上被应用在巨魔身上。
is applied:被应用
The lake is situated at the eastern extremity of the mountain range.
湖被位于山脉最东端。
is situated:被位于
The Yi nationality is distributed mainly over Yunnan, Sichuan and Guizhou provinces.
彝族主要被分布在云南、四川和贵州三省。
is distributed:被分布
Well-Ventilated: AAS V is ventilated for a top-open greenhouse, make for indoor circulation.
透气被通风: 对于顶开窗温室而言，AASV透气被通风，有利于温室内的空气循环。
is ventilated:被通风
Sedimentation ceases: tilling or folding is accompanied or followed by uplift.
沉积间断，即掀斜或褶皱伴生或被伴随着抬升运动。
is accompanied:被伴随
AU conference center aided by the Chinese Government is located in the Ethiopian capital is Ababa.
拟由中国政府援建的非盟会议中心被位于埃塞俄比亚首都亚的斯亚贝巴。
is located:被位于
Activity-Based Cost Management (ABCM) is based on the activity-based costing (ABC) a type of centralized management.
作业成本管理 (ABCM) 是被基于作业成本法 (ABC) 的新型集中化管理方法。
is based:被基于
The conformational change of kinesin is described by the rotation of a dipole microtubule.
用电偶极子的转动来被描述驱动蛋白的构象变化。
is described:被描述
The State-Space method is applied to compute the differential equation of the elastodynamics of mechanism.
被应用基于状态空间法的闭式算法对机构弹性动力学微分方程进行求解。
is applied:被应用
The slope dynamic stability with elastodynamics wave theory and Boundary Element Method (BEM) is analyzed and calculated.
主要被分析边坡动态稳定性问题，采用地震波作动载荷，用边界元法对边坡进行被分析，并在计算机上实现。
is analyzed:被分析
The greatest part of Europe is situated above the 45th degree of Northern Latitude.
欧洲绝大部分地区被位于北纬45度以北。
is situated:被位于
Distinguishing true-false of ID card based on image processing is researched in this paper.
本文被研究如何运用图像处理的知识，利用计算机自动鉴别身份证真伪的技术。
is researched:被研究
The conversation is encrypted and, while in the network, free of charge.
谈话内容经过被加密处理，而且在网内是免费的。
is encrypted:被加密
This is accomplished by using a thermocompressor to recycle regenerating steam through the absorber.
它用热压机使再生蒸汽经吸附器循环被完成解吸过程。
is accomplished:被完成
Bella Abzug wrote two books. The first is called " Bella! "
贝拉. 艾布扎格 写了两本书，第一本被叫 《 贝拉!
is called:被叫
Well. Check truncation operates among banks and is designed to speed up check clearing procedures.
不过，支票简缩系统是在银行之间运作的，是为加快支票清算程序而被设计的。
is designed:被设计
A separate-controlled AC-DC-AC power load simulator is designed adopting the principle of voltage type PWM convertor.
本文运用PWM电压型变流器的基本原理，被设计了一种分离 控制式 交-直-交功率负荷模拟器。
is designed:被设计
He is prepared to make a living by accepting any remunerative chore.
为了生计，他被准备接受任何有酬报的杂活。
is prepared:被准备
Such netizen is represented from suffer trustful crisis possibly at the beginning.
这样的网民被代表从一开始就可能遭到信任危机。
is represented:被代表
The process is repeated until a microbial culture acclimated to the specific industrial waste is developed.
被重复以上过程，直至微生物的培养液已达到驯化于特定的工业废水为止。
is repeated:被重复
Removal of excess heat is accomplished by means of a radiator.
通过散热器被完成多余热量的排出。
is accomplished:被完成
Mannich base is a corrosion inhibitor with superior property and is applied widely in acidizing treatments.
曼尼希碱是一类性能优良的缓蚀剂，并在油气井酸化作业中大量被应用。
is applied:被应用
Well Pai 2 is located at the Chepaizi high relief belt, west Junggar Basin.
排2井被位于准噶尔盆地西缘车排子高凸起带。
is located:被位于
If I am not ACMilan fan, why my blood is red and my eyes are black?
如果我不是AC米兰的球迷，为何我的血是被红色，我的眼睛是黑色。
is red:被红色
ACOA is asimulated evolutionary algorithm of simulating to seek food of ants in nature.
蚁群优化算法就是对自然界中蚂蚁的寻食过程进行被模拟而得出的一种被模拟进化算法。
is asimulated:被模拟
Conclusion: The fibrinolytic inhibition is existed in IGT + ACS group patients.
结论: IGT的ACS患者被存在纤溶受抑状态。
is existed:被存在
Geneva is located at the southwestern corner of Lake Geneva, between the Jura Mountains and Alps.
日内瓦被位于日内瓦湖的西南角上，在汝拉山和阿尔卑斯山之间。
is located:被位于
Commissioning is hurried to avoid activating penalty clauses in the contract.
试运行也是被匆忙进行，以避免触犯合同中的惩罚条款。
is hurried:被匆忙
Jurong City Jun Hong plastic products factory is specialized in producing injection type, blow molding products.
句容市洪军塑料制品厂是被专业生产注塑类、吹塑类产品。
is specialized:被专业
He is dressed head-to-toe in white knit cap-cutting a sharp figure in the inky night.
他全身被穿着都是白色 —— 白色的鞋子、长裤、夹克、帽子 —— 这些让他在黑夜中仍清晰可见。
is dressed:被穿着
The shear strength of COG and COF bonded with ACF is studied by impact test.
采用冲击试验方法被研究了各向异性导电胶膜(ACF) 互连的玻璃和柔性基板上倒装芯片(COG和COF)的剪切结合强度。
is studied:被研究
The eastern Tianshan porphyry copper belt is located on the southern margin of Tuha basin.
吐哈盆地南缘斑岩铜矿带被位于中亚造山带东天山的中段。
is located:被位于
ADCP (Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) is a kind of measurement device which is developed in recent years.
声学 多普勒流速剖面仪) 是近十年来才被发展并得到广泛应用的流速测量仪器。
is developed:被发展
This food is guaranteed additive-free, ie The manufacturer officially promises that it contains no additives.
该食品被保证不含添加剂。
is guaranteed:被保证
Badaling Great Wall is situated about 10 km further north of JuYongGuan Great Wall.
八达岭长城被位于居庸关长城北面10公里处。
is situated:被位于
The Ash Shihr, Yemen Port is located on the Gulf of Aden.
也门AshShihr港被位于亚丁湾。
is located:被位于
The treatment of dentin sensitivity is based on closing dentin tubule completely or partially.
牙本质过敏症的治疗主要是被基于牙本质小管封闭或部分封闭的脱敏。
is based:被基于
The protein out of which microtubules are made is called tubulin.
构成微管的蛋白质被叫做微管蛋白。
is called:被叫
The sampling system is controlled by an adjustable program timer or by a manual pushbutton.
取样系统用可调程序定时器或手动操作的按纽被控制。
is controlled:被控制
AWP is sponsored by Civic Exchange and Hong Kong-based ADM Capital Foundation.
亚洲水资源项目由思汇和ADM资本基金会共同被赞助。
is sponsored:被赞助
The neural network decoder paper is designed for long constraint length convolutional codes (K ≥11).
给出的神经网络译码器是为长约束度 (K≥11) 卷积码译码而被设计的。
is designed:被设计
This ADRC is designed in distribute form and easily applied to engineering.
该控制器以离散的形式进行被设计，易于工程实现。
is designed:被设计
For an input expression image a K-nearest neighbor algorithm is used to perform the classification.
对于一幅待识别的表情图像，被使用K近邻 算法与表情模板比较，将该表情图像分类。
is used:被使用
The solid on whose surface adsorption occurs is called the adsorbent.
在表面上发生吸附作用的固体被叫吸附剂。
is called:被叫
More data is needed to substantiate the effectiveness of adsorption on sludge as a removal process.
被需要更多的资料来论证污泥吸附作为去除方法的效能。
is needed:被需要
And the implement solution on DSP is emulated on the ADSP-TS 101 S EZ-KIT Lite hardware platform.
设计了多用户MIMO系统 联合收发等增益波束形成算法在 ADSP -TS101S上的实现方案，并在ADSP-TS101SEZ-KITLite被仿真平台上进行了被仿真实验。
is emulated:被仿真
New generation float DSP ADSP 21161 is choosed as the real-time processing chip.
在DSP实现部分，着重分析了系统的需求，被选择了合适的 实时 远算处理ADSP21161。
is choosed:被选
Conclusion: Interaction of Adm, Adt and ET is involved in the pathogenesis of hypertension.
结论: Adm、Adt和ET间相互作用被参与高血压动物的发病过程。
is involved:被参与
The abstract data model (ADT) of spatial data, vector and raster, is defined firstly based on basic types.
首先基于基本类型派生被定义矢量和栅格 抽象数据 类型，在此基础上被定义时空数据类型为一系列空间类型的时间片序列。
is defined:被定义
It is proved TRD-K series absolute coder can satisfied requirements of production.
实践被证明，TRD -K 系列绝对值编码器能满足生产要求。
is proved:被证明
The equivalent oxide thickness (EOT) of an HfO _ 2 high k dielectric is extracted in two steps.
分两步被提取了HfO2高k栅介质等效氧化层厚度 (EOT)。
is extracted:被提取
It is based on the ASX objec-oriented framework aed easy to transplant.
该工具被基于ASX 面向对象 框架，具有良好的可移植性。
is based:被基于
It is announced that an aerial maneuver will be launched next Friday.
据被宣布，下星期五将举行空中演习。
is announced:被宣布
The grid generation of complex-shaped aerocraft is researched using the concrete object of Dispenser.
本文以外形复杂的飞行器——布撒器为被研究对象被研究复杂外形的网格生成。
is researched:被研究
In chapter 3, the PID controller parameters of an aeroengine model is optimized by MOEA NSGA-II.
第三章以航空发动机模型为对象，利用先进多目标遗传算法NSGA -II 对其PID控制器参数进行被优化选取。
is optimized:被优化
This idea stems from the acceptance of human fallibility and is supported by modern aesthetics.
这样说，除了宽容人性的弱点外，还有现代美学的被支持。
is supported:被支持
Conclusions The biochemical finding of subclinical hyperthyroidism is associated with AF on resting electrocardiogram.
结论:亚临床甲状腺机能亢进者生化指标与房颤(AF)的心电图被相关。
is associated:被相关
Yet, when he is hypnotized at a party, he tumbles into nightmares that hold fatal secrets.
但是当他在一个晚会上进入被催眠状态之后，却做起了可怕的恶梦，梦中隐含着生死攸关的秘密。
is hypnotized:被催眠
Ge-SiO _ 2 nanometer semiconductor particle thin films is applied widely in luminescence, laster, photo-switch, photo-communication etc.
Ge -SiO _2纳米半导体颗粒膜在发光、激光、光开关、光通信等方面的被应用极为广泛。
is applied:被应用
Our firm is represented in India and Pakistan by Mr. Hall.
本商号在印度和巴基斯坦的被代表是贺尔先生。
is represented:被代表
The Prof Tuners Group is specialized in production of a wide range of receiving satellite equipment.
该集团是一家被专业教授调谐器在接收卫星设备的广泛生产。
is specialized:被专业
Alcoholic fatty liver (AFL), is frequent in alcoholic liver disease, which is caused by alcohol abusing.
酒精性脂肪肝 (AlcoholicFatty Liver，AFL) 是长期大量酗酒被引起的肝脏脂肪变性，在酒精性肝病中最为常见。
is caused:被引起的
The mechanism the water-inrush from floor is analysed by the KS-model, and good results are achieved.
应用KS结构模型被分析了采场底板突水机理，并取得了满意的效果。
is analysed:被分析
Instantaneous per-CPU load is defined as the number of runnable timesharing KSEs in a CPU's queues.
瞬间单CPU负载被定义为在当前CPU的队列里，可运行的分时KSE的数量。
is defined:被定义
Adaptive Genetic Algorithm (AGA) is used to solve the problem of chinese chess game on computer.
被使用自适应 遗传 算法解决中国象棋计算机博弈问题。
is used:被使用
Jane is infatuated with Stephen but he doesn't care tuppence for her.
简被迷恋斯蒂芬，可是他对她根本不在乎。
is infatuated:被迷恋
Magnetic field is supplied by an electromagnet . Reciprocating movement and Brayton magnetic refrigeration cycle are adopted.
此系统利用电磁体被提供磁场，采用往复运动方式，实现布雷顿循环。
is supplied:被提供
No reselling of any of the data is allowed without the permission of SGX-DT.
未经SGX-DT被允许，不得对任何该等数据进行再销售。
is allowed:被允许
This turbidity is caused by material present in the original black tea.
这种浑浊是由存在于原料红茶中的物质所被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
The company is located Wuyi in Zhejiang Tong Kum Industrial Development Zone and convenient transportation.
本公司被位于浙江武义桐琴工业开发区，交通便利。
is located:被位于
Interaction of the two turbochargers is controlled by the particularly efficient, high-performance electronic engine control unit.
两个涡轮增压器相互作用的被控制，尤其是高效率，高性能的电子发动机被控制单元。
is controlled:被控制
The method is applied to a turbofan engine control system, and is demonstrated to be feasibility.
被应用于某型航空涡扇发动机控制系统设计，仿真结果表明了其可行性。
is applied:被应用
In this paper, the modal of large turbogenerator stator end winding is studied using impulse technique.
本文用锤击法对某大型汽轮发电机定子端部绕组进行了模态被研究。
is studied:被研究
The greatest part of Europe is situated above the 45 th degree of Northern Latitude.
欧洲绝大部分地区被位于北纬45度以北。
is situated:被位于
A prehistoric site near Lake Turkana, the valley of the Omo is renowned the world over.
奥莫低谷位于图阿卡那湖附近，是世界上被著名的史前文化遗址。
is renowned:被著名的
The state-run Korea Development Bank (KDB) is prepared to contribute to 2 trillion won.
国营 的韩国开发银行 (KDB) 也被准备贡献2兆韩元。
is prepared:被准备
The growth of large KDP crystals is studied by solution circulating method.
本文被研究了溶液循环流动法生长大截面KDP晶体的工艺条件。
is studied:被研究
In this paper, the attributive hierarchial mode (AHM) is applied to bank credit asset venture.
该文把属性层次模型AHM (一种新的无结构决策方法) 被应用于银行信贷资产风险中。
is applied:被应用
Synthesis of n-butyl lactate is catalyzed by phosphotungstic acid and aluminium phosphotungstate.
以磷钨酸和磷钨酸铝为被催化剂，用乳酸和正丁酸合成了乳酸正丁酯。
is catalyzed:被催化
Volcanic apparatus at Aiken Daban is located at the eastern part of Awulale Permian volcanic belt.
艾肯达坂一带火山机体被位于伊犁石炭—二叠纪裂谷阿吾拉勒二叠纪火山岩带东段，在航卫片上表现为较明显的环形构造。
is located:被位于
A 1 V, 2.5 GHz VCO is designed with an on-chip inductor.
被设计了1V，2.5GHz的全集成压控振荡器。
is designed:被设计
The plant is operated entirely by remote control and monitored by closed circuit television or periscope.
这个工厂完全用遥控被操作，而且用封闭电路电视或展望镜来监视。
is operated:被操作
Sidewinder, an air-to-air missile bearing the name of a rattlesnake, is launched from a fighter plane.
“响尾蛇式”导弹是一种取名为响尾蛇的空对空导弹，它从战斗机上被发射。
is launched:被发射
Conclusion: T 1 DM development is related with abnormal expression of AIRE gene.
结论: AIRE基因 的表达异常与T1DM的发病具有一定的被相关性。
is related:被相关
The Airforce Air Force Academy is located at Colorado springs Springs, Colorado.
美国空军学院被位于科罗拉多州的斯普林斯。
is located:被位于
Cabbages related Cabbage is related to masterdmustard, turn kial turnips, kale and colurscollards.
卷心菜与芥菜、萝卜、甘蓝息息被相关。
is related:被相关
Anti-CCP is associated with anti-Sa antibody and they are also associated with APF, AKA.
抗 CCP抗体与 抗 Sa抗体之间具有被相关性，且均与APF、AKA被相关。
is associated:被相关
The welding equipment furnished by TW is guaranteed to be proper for the application.
tw焊机被保证适用。
is guaranteed:被保证
The space in Hatch No.1 tween deck is reserved for Helsinki and Glasgow.
一舱二层舱的空间是为赫尔辛基港和格拉斯哥港被保留的。
is reserved:被保留
After delivery of the placenta, the birth canal is inspected for lacerations.
胎盘娩出后，应该被检查是否有软产道裂伤。
is inspected:被检查
Is suitable and is fixed to the patient contracting place lacing.
适用于患者患处的束紧与被固定。
is fixed:被固定
Xavier Gautier is an artist based in Paris. He is represented by Galerie Alain Gutharc, Paris.
XavierGautier是在法国巴黎的艺术家. 他是巴黎AlainGutharc摄影画廊的被代表。
is represented:被代表
A U.S. SSBN is prepared for demagnetization at the Kitsap Naval Submarine Base near Bangor, Washington.
一艘美国SSBN在华盛顿班戈区附近的Kitsap潜艇基地被准备消磁。
is prepared:被准备
Deficiency of red corpuscles is caused by a lack of iron.
红细胞生成不足是由缺铁被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
He is interested in the spirit of the play, and he is not averse to throwing in an anachronism or two if he thinks it will help underscore
他对戏剧所体现的精神很被感兴趣，如果有助于强调一个观点的话，他并不反对有一两个时代错误。
is interested:被感兴趣
The degree to which the paper is censored is a political bellwether (Justine De Lacy)
对报纸被审查的程度是一个政治预兆 (朱斯蒂娜德莱西)
is censored:被审查
This programme is designed by ALGOL language and used for DTS-6 computer .
用ALGOL语言 被设计，在 DJS—6 机上计算。
is designed:被设计
It is proved by practice that the approach is effective in judgingwinding distortion in transformers.
实践被证明，采用横向比较法能较准确地判断出变压器内部绕组的变形情况。
is proved:被证明
Self-heating of two typical n-alkane (n-heptane and n-hexadecane) is studied by Accelerating Rate Calorimeter.
被研究燃油在绝热条件下的燃烧情况对实际应用中改善燃油燃烧性能，改进发动机工况等有着重要的指导意义。
is studied:被研究
A speech recognition system is designed to illustrate the twin rotor helicopter speech control function.
本论文被设计一个语音辨识系统来控制双旋转翼直升机。
is designed:被设计
Neither the performer nor ladybug is harmed du ring the effect!
无论是演员，也不是瓢虫被伤害杜响效果!
is harmed:被伤害
The ball is placed on a stick usually made of strong plastic.
球被置于棍子上，棍子通常是由强塑制成的。
is placed:被置于
If the folder is located on a network, specifying this option can reduce lag time.
如果文件夹被位于网络上，则指定此选项可以缩短延隔时间。
is located:被位于
She is acquainted with all the twists that make for efficient cooking.
她被熟知所有高效率烹调的妙诀。
is acquainted:被熟知
Lagrangian relaxation heuristic algorithm is designed to solve the model by equivalent transformation.
通过对模型的等价转换，被设计拉格朗日松弛启发式算法进行求解。
is designed:被设计
The Aketishikan gold deposit is located in the east of southern Nurt area, north of Altay.
阿克提什坎金矿床被位于北阿尔泰诺尔特地区南缘东段，赋存于下石炭统红山嘴组地层中。
is located:被位于
Whenever a record is rewritten with some new information, this is called updating the record.
每当按某个新的信息改写记录，就被叫作更新这一记录。
is called:被叫
The dispersion mechanism is analysed by testing Zeta potential and the viscosity of the suspensions.
通过测定颗粒表面Zeta电位、悬浮体系粘度，被分析了分散剂的作用机理。
is analysed:被分析
A two-layer parallel optical interconnection network with expansibility is designed in this paper.
本文被设计一种具有可扩展性的 双层 并行光互连网络。
is designed:被设计
Issue: The city of Amarillo is located in the Texas panhandle between Potter and Randall Counties.
问题: 阿马里诺市被位于德克萨斯州波特县与兰德尔县之间的狭长地带中。
is located:被位于
It is based on mathematical logic-based language function, based on the lambda calculus.
它是以数学逻辑为基础的函数式语言，被基于lambda演算。
is based:被基于
A test ignition system for two-stroke micro swing piston ICE is designed and realized.
详细介绍了一种二冲程微型摆式内燃机点火系统的被设计及实现过程，并对试验数据进行了分析。
is designed:被设计
The important question is whether he is prepared to go to war to achieve his territorial ambitions.
重要的问题是他是否已被准备好发动战争以实现他的领土野心。
is prepared:被准备
Two degree of freedom principal resonance of generator end winding is studied when the clampingare loose.
对压板松动时大型汽轮发电机定子端部单根绕组的两自由度主共振问题进行了被研究。
is studied:被研究
The rotating slipring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing.
旋转滑环是用片状塑料衬套与轴被绝缘的。
is insulated:被绝缘
In addition, the Tianshan Mountains Trans-Dushanzi Kuche ─ ─ highway is connected by Na Lati grassland.
另外，横贯天山的独山子──库车公路也是经由那拉提草原被连接的。
is connected:被连接
It is expected WNW movement will continue before landfall in central Vietnam.
被预料米克拉将继续向西北偏西移动直至登陆越南中部。
is expected:被预料
In most countries the selection a landfill site is governed by rules and regulations.
在大多数国家，landfill地址的选择是有规章和规则被管理的。
is governed:被管理
The variational parameter multiplying each coordinate is called a scale factor.
每个坐标所乘的变分参数被叫定标因子。
is called:被叫
The Landings, on 19 acres at Rodney Bay is managed by Colorado-based hotel group Rockresorts.
Landings项目位于罗德尼湾，占地19英亩，由总部位于科罗拉多州的酒店集团Rockresorts被管理。
is managed:被管理
Typhoid is caused by Salmonella typhi, as the spread of acute gastrointestinal disease.
伤寒是由伤寒杆菌被引起的经消化道传播的急性传染病。
is caused:被引起的
He is called James Barett Reston. James is his first name.
他被叫詹姆斯·巴瑞特·雷斯通. 詹姆斯是他的名字。
is called:被叫
This invention is improved production method for ammonia spirit or anhydrous ammonia.
本发明是制取浓氨水或无水氨的被改进方法。
is improved:被改进
Location: Black Sand Beach is located in the northern tip of Langkawi, Tanjung Rhu beach side.
黑沙海滩被位于兰卡威的北端，丹绒鲁海滩边上。
is located:被位于
Tianhuangping pumped storage power station is located in Anji County, Zhejiang Province.
天荒坪抽水蓄能电站被位于浙江省安吉县。
is located:被位于
The ANN-based load observer is applied to the synchronous motor speed regulating system.
被应用神经网络建立负荷观测器，并被应用于同步电动机调速系统中。
is applied:被应用
Hard elastic polypropylene is formed by crystallized under strain and annealing.
硬弹性聚丙烯是在应变结晶和热结晶两个复合过程中被形成的。
is formed:被形成的
Additionally, the heating plate is coated with heat-resistant and anti — corrosion coatings.
另外，加热板表面涂有耐高温防腐蚀的被涂层。
is coated:被涂层
It'seems likely that the drug resistance is caused by permeability changes rather than enzyme deficiency.
抗药性似乎是由渗透性改变而不是酶缺损而被引起的。
is caused:被引起的
A control system for anti-wind performance test of gas water-heaters is designed according to GB 6932-2001.
依据 GB6932 -2001《家用燃气快速热水器》有关规定，被设计完成了燃气热水器 抗 风实验控制系统。
is designed:被设计
An equation for the U shaped channel jump is deduced in theory.
从理论上被推导了U形渠道的水跃方程。
is deduced:被推导
Finally, the specification of antialiasing filter is tested and the result is satisfactory.
最后对实现的抗混滤波器进行了性能被测试，取得了满意结果。
is tested:被测试
Basically cleared off the newest antijamming ultra-high frequency communications system, ARC-187 substitutes is considered obsolete ARC-156.
从根本上清除了最新的 反 干扰超高频通信系统，被考虑用ARC -187 替换ARC-156。
is considered:被考虑
Next the antijamming technique is studied in the integrate automation system as well as operation reliability.
其次还被研究了综合自站的自动化系统抗干扰技术，以提高变电站综合自动化系统的运行可靠性。
is studied:被研究
Atorvastatin, which is metabolited through the cytochrome P 450 (CYP) 3 A 4 Pathway, does not inhibits the antiplatelet activity of clopidogrel.
结论: 经细胞色素P4503A4 (CYP3A4) 途径被代谢的阿托伐他汀不抑制氯吡格雷的抗血小板活性。
is metabolited:被代谢
" The hell with, " Pilar raged. " It is speed that counts.”
“见鬼去吧!”皮拉怒气冲冲地嚷道，“被速度才是重要的.”
is speed:被速度
In C ++ an abstraction is formed by creating a class.
在C++中，抽象是通过创建类来被形成的。
is formed:被形成的
APDL language is applied so that the model can be parameterized.
被应用APDL语言编程，实现所建模型的参数化。
is applied:被应用
MS 718: Based on the structure of MS 708, locking function is increased compact structure and attractive appearance.
MS718: 该锁在MS708的结构上被增加锁住功能，结构更紧凑，造型更美观。
is increased:被增加
Casual (random) is defined as any time of day without regard to time since last meal.
随机 (血糖) 是被定义为不管上一餐的时间为何，在一天的任何时间(所测得的血糖)。
is defined:被定义
