As soon as they finish the new business administration building, our offices are going to be moved.
他们一建成商业行政大楼，我们的办公室就搬迁。
administration:行政
As soon as they finish the new business administration building, our offices are going to be moved.
他们一建筑商业管理大楼，我们的办公室就搬迁。
building:建筑
By the end of last year, we had learned over 2,000 English words and phrases.
到去年最后，我们已学会了两千多个英语单词和词组。
last:最后
My wound has been aching ever since it started to rain.
自从开始下雨以来，我的伤口一直在痛苦。
aching:痛苦
The old prefessor came back to Chine in 1949 when the mainland had just been liberated.
这位老教授是在1949年来了中国的，当时大陆刚解放。
came:来了
If you can use a word correctly and effectively, you comprehend it.
你如果能正确和有效地使用一个字，你就理解它了。
comprehend:理解
They say "ooh" and "aah" when the electric company turns on the thousands of little lights in the ball.
当电力公司打开球上的数千只小灯泡时，人们口中哦着“嚯，啊”。
ooh:哦
They say "ooh" and "aah" when the electric company turns on the thousands of little lights in the ball.
当电力公司打开球上的数千只小灯泡时，人们口中啊着“嚯，啊”。
aah:啊
If a torque is applied to the disk in such a fashion that the axis of the torque is the same as that of rotation of the disk, the direction of the former will be parallel to AB.
如果力矩是这样地作用于一圆盘上，即力矩的轴与圆盘的旋转轴方向一致，则力矩的方向与AB轴平行。
axis:轴
Next, get a listing of the /tmp contents in the root terminal; notice that there are likely other files but no /tmp/ab.
接下来，在根用户的终端上列出 /tmp的内容内容；注意，这里有其他文件，但是没有 /tmp/ab。
contents:内容
The ab utility is simple to use: Provide a repeat count and a URL.
ab工具易于使用：只需提供提供它一个重复数和一个URL。
Provide:提供
The ab utility is simple to use: Provide a repeat count and a URL.
ab工具易于使用：只需提供给它一个重复计数和一个URL。
count:计数
When the new semester started earlier this month, he was taken aback to discover that 55 students had applied for the new minor, which only had room for 50.
这个月，这学期干开始，王伟就被吓了一跳，他发现有55个学生申请了性教育被采纳副修课，而一个教室只能容下50个人。
taken:被采纳
In the last few years, I hadn’t thought about her, and her sudden call one morning had taken me aback.
因为在过去的岁月里我没有想起过她，只是一日清晨，她的一个呼叫又把我带回尘封的往事。
call:呼叫
“I was surprised that the elimination of subsidies and trade barriers wasn’t higher ,” he said, adding that he was also taken aback by the fact that climate change issues ranked last on the list.
他说，"我对取消补贴和消除贸易壁垒未能排得更加靠前感到惊讶。"他还表示，他对气候变化问题排序排在榜尾也感到十分意外。
ranked:排序
The man from our local solar leasing company came to give a quote for our current home and was clearly taken aback when I mentioned that we had chosen geothermal for the house we’re renovating.
当我提到我已经选择地热来为翻新装修这个房子的时候，那个来自我们当地太阳能租赁公司，针对我们现在的这个房子向我推销的人被我狠狠地噎回了他所说的话。
renovating:翻新
Not only did the students become adept at doing calculations with the abacus, they become adept at doing calculations without it.
学生在逐渐熟悉用算盘计算的计算中，潜移默化地也精于心算了。
calculations:计算
Not only did the students become adept at doing calculations with the abacus, they become adept at doing calculations without it.
学生在逐渐熟悉用算盘计算的计算中，潜移默化地也精于心算了。
calculations:计算
The million - dollar puppy that's been fattened with abalone, or the grimy dog with brown and white splotches who stood over his friend until he found help: which do you think of as a perfect specimen?
价值百万美元的幼犬以鲍鱼为食，但是，脏兮兮的白褐色斑点相间的狗仔不抛弃朋友直到获得救援：你认为谁才是一个完美的榜样？
puppy:狗仔
The million - dollar puppy that's been fattened with abalone, or the grimy dog with brown and white splotches who stood over his friend until he found help: which do you think of as a perfect specimen?
价值百万美元的幼犬以鲍鱼为食，但是，脏兮兮的白褐色闪烁相间的狗狗不抛弃朋友直到获得救援：你认为谁才是一个完美的榜样？
splotches:闪烁
The million - dollar puppy that's been fattened with abalone, or the grimy dog with brown and white splotches who stood over his friend until he found help: which do you think of as a perfect specimen?
价值百万美元的幼犬以鲍鱼为食，但是，脏兮兮的白褐色斑点相间的狗狗不抛弃朋友直到获得救援：你认为谁才是一个完美的样品？
specimen:样品
Abalone seashells are made up mostly of calcium carbonate but because of how abalones mix that soft material with proteins at nanoscale sizes, the shells form a nearly unbreakable armor.
鲍鱼贝主要由碳酸钙构成，但由于鲍鱼将柔软的材料与蛋白质融合，其精细程度处于纳米级，形成的贝壳成为了牢不可破的装甲。
armor:装甲
Abalone, a kind of edible sea snail, is a highly prized and expensive ingredient in Chinese cuisine.
鲍鱼是一种可食海生贝类，在中国烹饪中属于高档可食用材。
edible:可食用
The million - dollar puppy that's been fattened with abalone, or the grimy dog with brown and white splotches who stood over his friend until he found help: which do you think of as a perfect specimen?
价值百万美元、每日以鲍鱼喂食的小狗仔，还是坚守在伙伴身边直到获救的、脏兮兮的棕白斑点狗仔，哪一个才是狗仔中的完美典范，你认为呢？
puppy:狗仔
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness.
但是尽管财富提供了材料上的利益，我相信一个人应该放弃追求唯物主义，而应该把注意力集中到追求幸福上去。
material:材料
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness.
但是尽管财富提供了物质上的利益，我相信一个人应该提供追求唯物主义，而应该把注意力集中到追求幸福上去。
provides:提供
But why should they? Why should China abandon a trade policy that is working marvelously well for them, and adopt a trade policy that is failing dismally for us?
但是他们为什么要这么做呢，为什么中国应该放弃对他们特别适用的贸易政策而接受一种惨败的贸易政策，那说得过去吗？
adopt:接受
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness.
但是，我认为，尽管财富提供材料上的利益，一个人应该放弃材料至上的追求，而是集中精力追求幸福。
material:材料
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness.
但是，我认为，尽管财富提供物质上的利益，一个人应该提供物质至上的追求，而是集中精力追求幸福。
provides:提供
He is at work on a new novel, different from the one he had to abandon, and he continues to battle to regain strength on his right side.
他现在正在写侧面新小说，与之前他不得不放弃的小说是不同的。他也在继续为恢复右半身的力量而努力战斗着。
side:侧面
I have often found this to be necessary at the beginning of projects or working out which enhancements deserve further investigation and which should be abandoned straight away.
我发现通常这种方法在项目初期是必要的，对找出那些增强点值得继续调查哪些应该立刻放弃也是必要的。
investigation:调查
Although it looked cool, I abandoned this flat method of modeling because in the end I felt it too illustrative next to all the other landscapes.
虽然这看起来很酷，可是我还是放弃了这种平面模型的方式，因为到最后我觉得这个和其他的景观比太直观了。
landscapes:景观
I'll go from taking great care of myself and communicating well to abandonment and silence as I let work consume me.
在处理这种情况上，我会好好的照看我自己，好好沟通做到让自己安静的放纵在照顾当中。
care:照顾
When they brought my father his change he flung it disdainfully back at them, while the station master stood abashed at this exposure of the meanness of his implied doubt.
当他们把多余的钱找回时，父亲鄙夷地把这钱闪烁给他们。站长站在一边，因其卑劣的怀疑已泄露，而感到无比羞愧。
flung:闪烁
When they brought my father his change he flung it disdainfully back at them, while the station master stood abashed at this exposure of the meanness of his implied doubt.
当他们把多余的钱找回同时，父亲鄙夷地把这钱扔回给他们。站长站在一边，因其卑劣的怀疑已泄露，而感到无比羞愧。
while:同时
Amy came in hastily, and looked rather abashed when she saw her sisters all waiting for her.
艾美急匆匆地来了来，看到姐姐们都在等她，显得有点不好意思。
came:来了
But I somehow felt greatly abashed while returning home, as if I had acted like a raw and bumptious youth in thus thrusting myself upon him unasked and unintroduced.
但我回到家里同时，不知为何总觉得很羞愧，我这样未被邀请不经介绍就贸然前去看他，看起来就像是一个不懂礼貌的狂妄的年轻人。
while:同时
But I somehow felt greatly abashed while returning home, as if I had acted like a raw and bumptious youth in thus thrusting myself upon him unasked and unintroduced.
但我回到家里时，不知为何总觉得很羞愧，我这样未被邀请不经介绍就贸然返回看他，看起来就像是一个不懂礼貌的狂妄的年轻人。
returning:返回
After several months, her abdomen grew high, which abashed her very much and abased her to some degree.
几个月后，她的腹部鼓起来，这使她非常羞愧，也在一定高上使她降低了身份。
high:高
The swift apprehension and strict punishment fo these criminals help to abate my lack of faith in the legal system.
迅速抓获罪犯并对其严加处置的做法削减了我对法律的不信任感。
abate:削减
It is suffering from a four year old siege, the destruction from Israel's war and now a continued siege, with no sign of any real abatement.
以色列发动的战争使该地区经历了长达四年的破坏和围攻，目前仍无减轻的迹象。
siege:围攻
It is suffering from a four year old siege, the destruction from Israel's war and now a continued siege, with no sign of any real abatement.
以色列发动的战争使该地区经历了长达四年的破坏和围攻，目前仍无减轻的迹象。
siege:围攻
However, both the statutory language and judicial interpretations of it impose significant constraints upon the abatement efforts which the Agency can demand of industry.
因此，无论是法律术语或是司法解释都把严格的约束置于减少污染的努力上，这也是机构对工业的需求。
demand:需求
The good news is that there is already a surprisingly large flow of climate finance — as investment into warming abatement and resilience measures is called.
好消息是已经出人意料地有大量投资作为治理气候变暖的投资，成为恢复措施。
investment:投资
The responsibility for achieving this objective lies primarily with the relevant public health authorities who are normally represented by veterinarians or meat inspectors at the abattoir.
实现这一目的的职责主要在于有关公共卫生当局。通常，兽医和屠宰场肉类检验人员代表着公共卫生当局。
objective:目的
The responsibility for achieving this objective lies primarily with the relevant public health authorities who are normally represented by veterinarians or meat inspectors at the abattoir.
实现这一目标的职责主要代表有关公共卫生当局。通常，兽医和屠宰场肉类检验人员代表着公共卫生当局。
represented:代表
In vitro meat, the development of which PETA US is helping to fund, will spare billions of animals all the cruelty of factory farms, the terror of transportation and a painful end in an abattoir.
培养肉——美国善待动物组织提供帮助资金的研究成果——将会让数十亿动物从所有养殖场的残酷、运输中的恐怖和屠宰场的痛苦终结中释放出来。
terror:恐怖
He moved from his parents’ rural home to live with an aunt until the Wests moved his family to Gloucester, where he took a job in an abattoir.
他从自己父母位于农村的家中接受去与他的一位姑妈同住，直到他的父母将家迁到了格洛斯特他才会到自己家，同时他还在附近的屠宰场里找了份工作。
took:接受
Education in hygienic food handling for abattoir workers and raw meat producers is essential to keep contamination to a minimum.
向屠宰厂工人以及生肉生产商开展卫生肉类操作方面的教育，对于尽可能降低污染程度至关重要。
meat:肉类
We obtained data on annual CE incidence from surveillance and abattoir records, and on CE - related treatment and productivity losses (human and animal) from the scientific literature.
从监测记录和屠宰场记录获得的了囊型包虫病年发病率的数据，并从科学文献中获得的了囊型包虫病相关治疗和生产力损失数据（人和动物）。
obtained:获得的
Peruvian officials saved 4,000 frogs from the cocktail blender after they were found hidden in an abattoir.
秘鲁当地官员成功保存了4000只藏在屠宰场的青蛙。
saved:保存
Education in hygienic handling of foods for abattoir workers and those involved in the production of raw meat is essential to keep microbiological contamination to a minimum.
向屠宰厂工人和参与生肉生产的人进行肉类处理卫生教育对于将微生物污染降低到最低水平至关重要。
meat:肉类
The abattoir, run by JE Tudor and Sons in Treorchy, was operated by Tudor's cousins but not linked commercially despite the fact it supplied the butchers.
这个在图多和他儿子名下的位于特瑞希的屠宰厂，由他的表亲们经营但是并没有商业上的关系，尽管他们都从中营利。
cousins:表亲
Most likely the girl was scared by Abbess Shih, for she did not come the following evening.
被石道姑这一撞破，那女孩多半受了惊吓，第二天未曾再来。
girl:女孩
The abbey was founded by a Norman monk who came over with William the Conqueror in 1066 and became a bishop.
这个修道院是由一个诺曼主教建立起来的。他跟随征服者威廉于1066年一同到来，并且成为了一个主教。
bishop:主教
The abbey was a maze of multistory wings, each added in a differing century, the architecture conspiring to create a jumbled complex that now housed four hundred brothers.
修道院的结构是迷宫似的多层侧翼，每个侧翼都在不同的世纪里杂乱添上，那建筑拼成一混乱的复合体，里面现在住着四百多个圣殿武士。
jumbled:杂乱
Justin Brown is an abbot at a Benedictine abbey that supplements its meagre income by making and selling simple wooden coffins.
贾斯丁·布朗是一个本笃会修道院的一名院长，通过制造、出售简单的木质棺材来增加微薄的收入。
making:制造
There's no hard evidence abbey beers were actually brewed within the walls of a monastery.
并没有确凿的证据显示，修道院啤酒果真是在修道院中啤酒的。
beers:啤酒
Monks at a Belgian abbey have been forced to stop selling their famous beer after it was voted the best in the world and was promptly sold out.
比利时一家修道院里的修道士们现已被迫停止销售他们所啤酒的啤酒，因为在它被评选为世界最佳啤酒后不久，消费者便已将其一抢而光。
beer:啤酒
If you went to Westminster Abbey today and looked at the people buried there, how many are Londoners?
如果你今天去参观威斯敏斯特大修道院，你觉埋葬在那里的，有多少是伦敦人？
Abbey:修道院
The hours of waiting before leaving for Westminster Abbey were the most nerve racking.
等待前往威斯敏斯特大修道院的几个小时是最令人不安的。
Abbey:修道院
He jumped from the top of the local abbey to demonstrate his faith and… well, the pub was a nice memorial!
于是他爬上当地大修道院顶往下跳，以此证明他信仰的力量...结果呢，那个酒馆就成了他的坟墓！
abbey:修道院
Within the abbey, the cheers of the crowds outside could clearly be heard.
在修道院里,依然能够清晰的听到外面人群的欢呼声。
abbey:修道院
After the morning ceremony at the Abbey, some 600 guests are invited to a reception at Buckingham Palace, where the food and drinks are sure to be amazing.
早晨在修道院举行完婚礼仪式后，大约600名宾客会被邀请前去参加设在白金汉宫的招待会。招待会上的食物和饮品一定是很棒的。
Abbey:修道院
"It is the duty of the abbot of each temple to supervise the behavior of young monks, making sure that their religious activities will not be affected by the games ," he said.
他说：“监督年轻僧侣的行为是每个寺院住持的职责，要保证僧侣们的宗教行为不受世界杯赛的影响。”
behavior:行为
"It is the duty of the abbot of each temple to supervise the behavior of young monks, making sure that their religious activities will not be affected by the games ," he said.
他说：“监督年轻僧侣的行为是每个寺院住持的职责，要保证僧侣们的宗教游戏不受世界杯赛的影响。”
games:游戏
Bad: It is a bad idea to abbreviate enumerations; the user will have no idea which value to use.
不好的方法：用缩写表示列举数据不是个好办法，因为这样用户就无法判断该用哪一个值了。
enumerations:列举
An alias can abbreviate command names and command - line phrases.
别别名是缩写的命令别名和命令行短语。
alias:别名
Code - generating programs allow you to abbreviate such statements and save a lot of typing, which also prevents a lot of mistakes because there is less chance of mistyping.
代码生成程序可以对这种语句进行简化，并节省很多输入的工作，这可以防止大量的输入错误，因为缩写了很多输入错误内容的机会。
abbreviate:缩写
Code - generating programs allow you to abbreviate such statements and save a lot of typing, which also prevents a lot of mistakes because there is less chance of mistyping.
代码生成程序可以对这种语句进行简化，并节省很多输入的工作，这可以防止大量的输入错误，因为减少了很多输入错误声明的机会。
statements:声明
Code - generating programs allow you to abbreviate such statements and save a lot of typing, which also prevents a lot of mistakes because there is less chance of mistyping.
代码生成程序可以对这种语句进行简化，并节省很多输入的工作，这可以保存大量的输入错误，因为减少了很多输入错误内容的机会。
save:保存
I did not totally give up on abbreviating the names; however, when I did abbreviate, I tried to provide comments to fully elaborate the meaning of the name.
我没有完全提供简写名称；但是，当我用简写形式的名称时，我得设法提供注释以完整阐述该名称的含义。
provide:提供
The clergyman would only absolve his torturers, abbreviate none of his final words which once more called on the abolition of slavery.
这位牧师只会赦免折磨他的那些人的罪恶，他不会简化最后的词汇，它们会再次用来号召废除奴隶制。
words:词汇
In some technical sense, the prefix doesn't matter because it's a transient abbreviation that associates names with a namespace URI.
从一定的它观点看，前缀并不重要，因为它是将名称与名称空间URI相关联的一个瞬时缩写。
it:它
In these contexts, the syndrome is rarely referred to without abbreviation, and the connotations of the reference are frequently more broad than the clinical definition.
在这些情况下，该综合症没有缩写字母几乎就没有参考意义，而且这个参考指明比在临床定义上常常更加广泛。
referred:指明
In this example, the input file will contain a state abbreviation and the output will require the full state name as shown in Figure 3.
在本例中，输入文件将包含一个国家名缩写，并且输出将需要图3 所示的完整名称。
Figure:图
You also provide an identifier, which is just an abbreviation of the full URI of the issue for friendly display, the creator of the issue, date submitted, brief title, and verbose description.
您还要提供一个标识符，该标识符是问题完整的URI的缩写，只是为了友好显示这个问题，问题的创建者、提交日期、简要头衔以及详细描述。
title:头衔
Popular legend holds that this is an abbreviation of "current set of rows ".
有一种流行的观点认为游标是 “行的当前设置”的缩写。
set:设置
Most notably, there is no mention in “Secrets of the Savanna ” of the ABC documentary, or the controversy and police investigation that followed.
更为明显地是，《稀树大薩凡納的秘密》一书中只字未提美国广播公司的纪录片或者后来的争议和警察的调查。
Savanna:薩凡納
Her decision will affect CBS Corp's CBS Television Distribution arm, which syndicates the show, and Walt Disney Co's ABC - owned and operated TV stations that broadcast the show.
她的决定将影响到这档由哥伦比亚電視制作，迪士尼公司旗下的美国電視拥有和运作的电视脱口秀节目的收视率。
Television:電視
Her decision will affect CBS Corp's CBS Television Distribution arm, which syndicates the show, and Walt Disney Co's ABC - owned and operated TV stations that broadcast the show.
她的决定将影响到这档由哥伦比亚電視制作，迪士尼公司旗下的美国電視拥有和运作的电视脱口秀节目的收视率。
TV:電視
The investigators were also hampered by the absence of the ABC cameraman and producer, who had long since left the country, and of Mark and Delia Owens themselves.
调查员也妨碍美国广播公司的摄像师和制片人不能到场提供证据，他们早已离开这个国家了，另外欧文斯夫妇也是如此。
hampered:妨碍
During those years, it has been controlled, for the most part, by the broadcast networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, who have been the major purveyors of news, information, and entertainment.
在那些年中，电视绝大部分一直由ABC、NBC、CBS这些广播电视公司控制着，这些广播电视公司一直是新闻、信息和娱乐的主要采购商。
purveyors:采购商
During those years, it has been controlled, for the most part, by the broadcast networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, who have been the major purveyors of news, information, and entertainment.
在那些年中，电视绝大部分一直由ABC、NBC、CBS这些广播电视公司控制着，这些广播电视公司一直是新闻、新闻和娱乐的主要提供者。
news:新闻
But researchers and development workers say that back then, the campaign actually promoted all components of ABC, especially education about the virus and condom use.
但是研究人员和发展工作者说，当时这场运动实际上推广的是ABC所有成分，特别是关于艾滋病病毒和安全套使用的教育。
researchers:研究人员
During those years, it has been controlled, for the most part, by the broadcast networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, who have been the major purveyors of news, information, and entertainment.
在那些年头中，电视绝大部分一直由ABC、NBC、CBS这些广播电视公司控制著，这些广播电视公司一直是新闻、资讯和娱乐的主要采购商。
purveyors:采购商
During those years, it has been controlled, for the most part, by the broadcast networks, ABC, NBC, and CBS, who have been the major purveyors of news, information, and entertainment.
在那些年头中，电视绝大部分一直由ABC、NBC、CBS这些广播电视公司控制著，这些广播电视公司一直是新闻、新闻和娱乐的主要提供者。
news:新闻
During those years ， it has been controlled ， for the most part ， by the broadcast networks， ABC ， NBC ， and CBS ， who have been the major purveyors of news ， information ， and entertainment.
在那些年头中，电视绝大部分一直由ABC、NBC、CBS这些广播电视公司控制着，这些广播电视公司一直是新闻、信息和娱乐的主要采购商。
purveyors:采购商
During those years ， it has been controlled ， for the most part ， by the broadcast networks， ABC ， NBC ， and CBS ， who have been the major purveyors of news ， information ， and entertainment.
在那些年头中，电视绝大部分一直由ABC、NBC、CBS这些广播电视公司控制着，这些广播电视公司一直是新闻、新闻和娱乐的主要提供者。
news:新闻
To accomplish first-class businesses, he can not but abdicate happiness, travels, entertainments, love and hatred, quarrels, arguments and clarifications.
为了完成第一流的事，他必须放弃或减少凡夫俗子的快乐、交游、娱乐、爱恨、争吵、答辩与澄清。
quarrels:争吵
In 1911 the forces of Sun Yat-sen established the Chinese Republic, and the last Qing Emperor, the hapless Puyi, was forced to abdicate. He lingered for years in the Forbidden City.
1911年，孙中山领导的政党建立了中华民国，末代皇帝溥仪被迫退位，但还是在紫禁城留住了好几年。
lingered:留住
U.S. finally succeeds in bringing down British monarchy -- well, at least they got Edward VIII to abdicate the throne when he picked divorcee Mrs. Wallis Simpson over the crown.
美国人终于给了英国君主体制一个大嘴巴，打脸党是美国离异离婚辛普森夫人，她的相好爱德华8世因为爱她胜过爱整个英国，退位去过只羡鸳鸯不羡仙的生活去了。
divorcee:离婚
After the 1911 Revolution ,Pu Yi,the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty, decided to abdicate ,which symbolized the ending of China’s feudal dynasties that had lasted several thousand/ thousands of years.
辛亥革命后，末代皇帝溥仪决定退位，标志着中国几千年封建王朝的最后。
last:最后
The tradition continued into the Tang, especially during the reign of Taizong (627 — 648), after he had taken the throne by killing his two brothers and forcing his father to abdicate.
这一传统一直持续到唐朝，尤其是太宗统治统治（627—648），在他杀死两位兄弟强迫父王逊位而攫取王位后。
reign:统治
For best results, focus on tightening only your pelvic floor muscles. Be careful not to flex the muscles in your abdomen, thighs or buttocks.
在运动时最好把注意力都集中注意力在收缩的盆底肌上，不要随意活动腹部、大腿或者臀部的肌肉，避免屏气。
focus:集中注意力
Childhood cancer survivors are at much greater risk of developing diabetes than their siblings, especially if their treatment involved radiation of the abdomen or total body, a new study reports.
一新研究报告，罹患癌症的儿童发生糖尿病的风险比他们的兄弟姐妹大得多，特别是如果他们涉及腹部或是全身照射治疗。
risk:风险
Childhood cancer survivors are at much greater risk of developing diabetes than their siblings, especially if their treatment involved radiation of the abdomen or total body, a new study reports.
一新研究报告，罹患癌症的儿童发生糖尿病的危险比他们的兄弟姐妹大得多，特别是如果他们涉及腹部或是总数照射治疗。
total:总数
LCpl Buhler was lucky enough to only suffer from shrapnel wounds to his abdomen, but his best friend, as he said, was "vaporized" right in front of him.
比勒非常幸运，只是让榴霰弹片伤口了自己的腹部，而他最好的朋友，正如他所说的那样，就在他面前“蒸发”了。
wounds:伤口
Place the baby on your abdomen or, if the cord is long enough (don't tug at it), on your chest.
把宝宝放在你的腹部，如果脐带足够长（不要强行拖拉），就放在胸部。
tug:拖拉
Patients returned home with an ugly and permanent scar on their abdomen.
而病人也将带着腹部上那丑陋的永久性伤疤返回。
returned:返回
After a minute of this touching, the researchers threatened the abdomen of the mannequin with a knife while administering a common physiological stress test.
一分钟的触摸之后，研究者们拿起一把刀，对人体模型的腹部进行威胁，同时进行一个普通的生理压力检测。
touching:触摸
Obliged to surrender the presidency when he underwent abdominal surgery three years ago, he still exerts influence and an apparent veto power behind the scenes.
由于三年前接受腹部手术，菲德尔被迫交出总统职务，但是在幕后他仍然发挥着影响力并显然义务人否决权。
Obliged:义务人
Symptoms of disease include abdominal cramps and diarrhoea, which may be bloody.
痉挛包括腹部绞痛和腹泻（可能是出血腹泻）。
cramps:痉挛
Symptoms of disease include abdominal cramps and diarrhoea, which may be bloody.
腹泻包括腹部绞痛和腹泻（可能是出血腹泻）。
diarrhoea:腹泻
In most cases, symptoms are absent or mild, but can include fever, headache, enlarged lymph glands, pallor, muscle pain, difficulty in breathing, swelling and abdominal or chest pain.
多数病例无热或热温和，但可包括发热、头痛、淋巴结肿大、脸色苍白、肌肉疼痛、呼吸困难、肿胀以及腹部或胸部疼痛。
fever:热
In most cases, symptoms are absent or mild, but can include fever, headache, enlarged lymph glands, pallor, muscle pain, difficulty in breathing, swelling and abdominal or chest pain.
多数病例无痛苦或痛苦温和，但可包括发热、头痛、淋巴结肿大、脸色苍白、肌肉疼痛、呼吸困难、肿胀以及腹部或胸部疼痛。
pain:痛苦
In most cases, symptoms are absent or mild, but can include fever, headache, enlarged lymph glands, pallor, muscle pain, difficulty in breathing, swelling and abdominal or chest pain.
多数病例无痛苦或痛苦温和，但可包括发热、头痛、淋巴结肿大、脸色苍白、肌肉疼痛、呼吸困难、肿胀以及腹部或胸部疼痛。
pain:痛苦
Those with the virus were more likely to report fever, abdominal pain and itching than those without it, his team found.
拉乌尔的团队发现带有该病毒者比其它人更可能有发烧，腹部疼痛，骚痒的热。
fever:热
Those with the virus were more likely to report fever, abdominal pain and itching than those without it, his team found.
拉乌尔的团队发现带有该病毒者比其它人更可能有发烧，腹部疼痛，骚痒的痛苦。
pain:痛苦
During a routine abdominal scan, doctors had discovered a tumor growing in his pancreas.
一次常规的腹部扫描，医生在他的胰腺中发现了一个肿瘤。
scan:扫描
These risk factors include abdominal obesity, elevated triglycerides, high blood pressure, elevated blood sugar and a poor ratio of good-to- bad cholesterol.
这些风险因素包括腹部肥大，超高的三油甘酸脂，高血压，高血糖和不良的好坏胆固醇比率。
risk:风险
AAA is a localized widening and weakening of the abdominal aorta, and primarily affects elderly Caucasian men who smoke, have high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels.
AAA可引起腹主动脉的局部扩张和弱化，其主要影响人群为吸烟的，有高血压和高胆固醇高的老年高加索人。
high:高
AAA is a localized widening and weakening of the abdominal aorta, and primarily affects elderly Caucasian men who smoke, have high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels.
AAA可引起腹主动脉的局部扩张和弱化，其主要影响人群为吸烟的，有高血压和高胆固醇高的老年高加索人。
high:高
Those with the virus were more likely to report fever, abdominal pain and itching than those without it, his team found.
同时他们发现，这些病毒的携带者们与不携带病毒的人群相比，更容易发生高热、腹部疼痛和瘙痒的热。
fever:热
Those with the virus were more likely to report fever, abdominal pain and itching than those without it, his team found.
同时他们发现，这些病毒的携带者们与不携带病毒的人群相比，更容易发生高热、腹部疼痛和瘙痒的痛苦。
pain:痛苦
The surgeon may choose to sew your natural tissue back together, but frequently, it requires the placement of mesh (screen) in or on the abdominal wall for a sound closure.
外科外科医生有时候可能会选择直接将你的组织重新缝合在一起，但是外科医生一般是会将“医用外科网”（一种补片）放在腹壁上用于加固腹壁。
surgeon:外科医生
Those symptoms include abdominal discomfort, urgency to urinate and pelvic pain.
这些痛苦包括腹部不适，尿急尿频和骨盆疼痛。
pain:痛苦
You may need to concurrently push your stomach up with your very strong abdominal muscles.
您可能还需要同时用自己强壮的腹部肌肉给胃高压力。
up:高
This deal and the circumstances under which it was made will provide encouragement and incentive to Hamas and to Hezbollah to abduct soldiers in the future, and make even more extreme demands.
阿伦斯说：“这次交易以及交换人员的情况会鼓励哈马斯和真主党将来绑架以色列军人，提出更极端的要求。
circumstances:情况
While they're incapacitated, Michael and Sara abduct Christina and bundle her into the trunk of his car.
当他们神志不清期间，迈克尔和莎拉绑架了克里斯蒂娜，把她塞入迈克尔的车尾箱里。
While:期间
These drugs aim, so far with modest success, to block aberrant molecules in tumor cells while leaving normal cells unscathed.
这些目前已经可以算得上成功的药物旨在阻碍癌细胞里异常分子的肿瘤而使正常细胞不受伤害。
tumor:肿瘤
This complexity is not an aberration or something to be wished away: it's the new reality, and one that we have to address.
这种复杂性不是一种偏差，也不是随希望的而消失东西：它是新的现实，一个我们必须面对东西。
wished:希望的
Is it something that occurs by freak accident, some physiologic aberration, that occurs and causes great distress and suffering amongst mankind?
难道它不是因为某些意外，某些生理失常的发生而造成极大的困扰和悲伤吗？
distress:悲伤
“These figures are always reported as shocking, ” notes Shirky, as if anything but a nice bell curve were an aberration, but Pareto distributions pop up all over.
“所报道的这些数字总是很令人震惊，”舍基表示，除了正态分布的钟形曲线没有偏差，差异无处不在，帕累托分布的现象到处都有。
shocking:令人震惊
Spherical Aberration -- causes light rays passing through a lens (or reflected from a mirror) at different distances from the optical center to come to focus at different points on the axis.
球差-使以不同孔径角穿过透镜(或从镜面上发射)的射线不能聚焦在轴上的同一点。
rays:射线
Watch out for the occasional centaur - like Aberration spawned from infested settlements.
当心那偶尔centaur-like畸变孕育从出没的定居点。
spawned:孕育
Serving to aid or abet a lawbreaker, either before or after the commission of the crime, without being present at the time the crime was committed.
同谋的， 帮凶的在犯罪前或犯罪后帮助、教唆违法者，但实施犯罪现在不在现场。
present:现在
Identification of environmental factors that abet problem gambling is likewise crucial, she noted.
找出环境因素并减少其对于赌博问题的影响同样重要，她补充已注意到。
noted:已注意到
The vigorous tour activities promote consumption, flourish economy, enrich people's life, and abet luxury as well.
同时，旅游消费的勃兴促进了消费，繁荣了经济，丰富了人民生活，但也助长了奢侈之风。
consumption:消费
This is a good plan but not at this time. Let's just hold it in abeyance until things get better.
这个计划很更好，但是眼下不适合执行这个计划，我们先把它搁置一下，等待形势更好转吧！
better:更好
Muslims in England tend to abhor nationalism, associating it with the British National Party (BNP) and its white- supremacist nonsense.
英格兰穆斯林厌恶民族主义，并将其与英国国家党及其荒谬的白人至上理论视为同流。
abhor:厌恶
Muslims in England tend to abhor nationalism, associating it with the British National Party (BNP) and its white- supremacist nonsense.
英格兰穆斯林痛恨民族主义，并将其与英国英国人党及其荒谬的白人至上理论视为同流。
British:英国人
While we embrace our unalienable rights, we abhor the value that other cultures place on collective conformity and obedience to authority.
在我们拥抱我们不能被剥夺的权利的同时我们厌恶那些崇尚集体一致性和服从权威的其他文化价值。
abhor:厌恶
For example, its authors abhor Congress ’s recent decision to give shareholders a say in how much chief executives are paid.
比如，这个路线图的执笔人就非常厌恶国会最近让股东在高层管理人员薪资上有话语权。
abhor:厌恶
I will destroy your high places, cut down your incense altars and pile your dead bodies on the lifeless forms of your idols, and I will abhor you.
我又要毁坏你们的邱坛,砍下你们的日偶像,把你们的尸首扔在你们偶偶像的身上.我的心也必厌恶你们.
idols:偶像
That's not what most Muslims I talk to say; they abhor such nihilistic thinking.
我说，那不是大多数伊斯兰人的想法；他们厌恶无政府主义思想。
abhor:厌恶
As her successor in that house, she regarded her with jealous abhorrence.
一被视为卢卡斯小姐将来有一天会接替她做这幢屋子里的主妇，她就益发嫉妒和厌恶。
regarded:被视为
An afternoon Islamic study group he joined during junior high school filled him with purpose, and eventually with anti - Semitism, anti - Americanism and an abhorrence of photography.
直到初中时，参加了一个伊斯兰教学习小组后，他的脑袋里充斥着宗教目的，反犹太主义和反美主义思想，并且极度讨厌摄影。
purpose:目的
Then, in "the difference and acclimation of the culture ", we describe about the foreign friends' acclimation, favorite, misunderstanding, abhorrence, and confusion for our Taiwanese night markets.
接著，文化差异与攀登的章节里，是谈论有关外国朋友对于台湾夜市的攀登、喜好、误解、厌恶、疑惑这几个方面的问题。
acclimation:攀登
Then, in "the difference and acclimation of the culture ", we describe about the foreign friends' acclimation, favorite, misunderstanding, abhorrence, and confusion for our Taiwanese night markets.
接著，文化差异与攀登的章节里，是谈论有关外国朋友对于台湾夜市的攀登、喜好、误解、厌恶、疑惑这几个方面的问题。
acclimation:攀登
The most abhorrent idea for modern readers is that Jewish concentration camp survivors were killed on returning home by gentile Poles who had taken over their property.
最令现代读者震怒的是，那些在集中营幸存的犹太人在回到家园后，竟被那些在他们关押期间，侵占了他们的土地，浓缩的波兰人杀害。
concentration:浓缩
The most abhorrent idea for modern readers is that Jewish concentration camp survivors were killed on returning home by gentile Poles who had taken over their property.
最令现代读者震怒的是，那些在集中营幸存的犹太人在返回家园后，竟被那些在他们关押期间，侵占了他们的土地，财产的波兰人杀害。
returning:返回
The United States condemned both attacks, calling the bombing in Damascus particularly abhorrent because it came during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
美国对这两起轰炸事件都进行了谴责，声称在大马士革的那起爆炸特别恶劣，因为爆炸发生时正值穆斯林神圣的斋月。
bombing:轰炸
So the water on the left moves up in order to avoid there being the vacuum, its striving to avoid this abhorrent situation of a vacuum.
左边的水上升就是为了避免真空是的发生，尽量避免那种令人厌恶的情形。
being:是
So the water on the left moves up in order to avoid there being the vacuum, its striving to avoid this abhorrent situation of a vacuum.
左边的水上升就是为了避免真空情况的发生，尽量避免那种令人厌恶的情形。
situation:情况
Your testing will be better and more comprehensive if you abide by this policy.
如果您遵守这个规则，那么您的全面将会获得更好更全面的效果。
comprehensive:全面
When we grow up with happiness and sorrows, a story is coming out. We find that we never abide by any promise, but we really loved each other at one time.
当我们满怀喜悦和悲伤的成长已经成为一种可以被讲述的故事时，我们发现我们从未遵守过任何一个诺言，但我们真的真心真意相爱过。
sorrows:悲伤
Hamas – in theory at least – says that it believes in leading by example rather than compelling people to abide by sharia law, unlike the jihadis who believe that morality should be enforced.
哈马斯——理论上他们如此——表示他们相信要以身作则而不是强迫人们来遵守宗教沙里亚，而不像圣战分子相信道德准则应该被强制执行。
sharia:沙里亚
Richard Daley, the Mayor of Chicago fought hard to keep legal guns out of the hands of law abiding private citizens as the ban in Chicago, even included private homes.
理查德·戴利，芝加哥市长，一直在为维护芝加哥禁枪令而尽力奔走，努力使枪支永恒每一个奉公守法的公民，甚至每一处私人住宅。
abiding:永恒
So abiding in his love means continuing to believe, moment by moment, that we are loved.
所有遵守耶稣的爱意思是永恒相信，每时每刻，我们都是被关爱着的。
abiding:永恒
It is wrong because it assumes that abiding by the ethical norms for protecting patients' rights and welfare would impede scientific progress.
这样的建议是错误的，因为它假定遵守保护患者权利和福利的伦理标准将妨碍科学进步。
norms:标准
We hear so much these days about the plasticity of the human brain - its ability to adapt to changing demands and circumstances.
这些天我们听到了很多关于人类头脑的适应性——这是一种对适应的需求和环境的适应能力。
adapt:适应
While the project process may impose some content and formatting constraints on the information, each team should have the ability to determine how it produces the information.
项目过程可能在这些格式化上强加一些内容或者格式的限制，每个团队应该有能力决定它是如何产生这些格式化的。
formatting:格式化
While the project process may impose some content and formatting constraints on the information, each team should have the ability to determine how it produces the information.
项目过程可能在这些信息上强加一些资料或者格式的限制，每个团队应该有能力决定它是如何产生这些信息的。
information:资料
While the project process may impose some content and formatting constraints on the information, each team should have the ability to determine how it produces the information.
项目过程可能在这些信息上强加一些资料或者格式的限制，每个团队应该有能力决定它是如何产生这些信息的。
information:资料
But I have since come to realize that my abject ignorance was really a gift: to be a literarily inclined illiterate at age 26 is one of the most glorious fates that can befall mortal girl.
但是现在，我意识到我可怜的无知却是一件礼物：对于一个凡间女孩来说，26岁时能在文学上倾向于无知，是最荣耀的事情之一。
girl:女孩
She whimpers; she is permanently in discomfort if not abject pain, not only from her arthritis but from leg ulcers and bedsores.
她低声呻吟；她永远感到不舒服，要么就是无助的疼痛，不仅因为关节炎，还因为小腿床毛病和褥疮。
bedsores:床毛病
Nigerians now call for a revolution, which is to say there can be no peace while the majority of our people live in abject poverty and a tiny minority lives in gluttonous greed.
尼日利亚需要一场革命，如果一个国家的大多数人民生活在赤贫之中，而只有极少一部分人却贪婪地坐拥一切，那这个国家就不会有安宁。
revolution:革命
Generating the economic growth needed to lift people out of abject poverty means ushering corporations into putative paradise.
为了产生摆脱赤贫所需要的经济增长，意味着要开庭公司进入公认的天堂。
ushering:开庭
In the ensuing struggle they grew more and more abject, crushed, exhausted while she surely rose to magnificent heights of insane fury of effort bred of her terror of me.
在接下来的“战斗”中他们越来越难堪，被摧垮了，直至精疲力竭。而这个女孩由于恐怖，她对我的抗拒达到了惊人的地步。
terror:恐怖
She was willing to select, modify and incorporate alien eccentricities into her worship; but to abjure her own faith — never!
她愿意有自愿的，有变通的或者吸收外来的异教到她的信仰里来；但是让她放弃自己的信仰--门都没有。
willing:自愿
But consumer -oriented companies that abjure the blogosphere are missing out on opportunities to generate buzz, monitor customer concerns, and -- perhaps most importantly -- show their human side.
但是，对于顾客导向的公司而言，放弃博客等于错过了口碑营销、监听客户关怀和最重要的——表现他们人性化的机会。
customer:顾客
The abject condition of those bondage saw him abjure all fealty to his society.
那些奴隶的可怜的状况让他放弃的对自己的社会的虚伪。
fealty:虚伪
In addition to shunning narcotics, weapons and counterfeit currency, they should abjure "subversive activities" or the "display of religious, political or racial banners ".
另外，要避免麻醉品、武器和假币，抵制“颠覆活动”和“展示有关宗教、政治、种族的标语”。
narcotics:麻醉品
Some of the Roman Emperors tried to make Christians abjure their religion.
一些罗马天子打算迫使基督徒废弃宗教。
religion:宗教
To realize this goal, in two ways, all artists had to abjure their isolation from the society.
为了实现这个目标，所有的艺术家都必须在两个方面上放弃他们的孤立社会状态。
isolation:孤立
WHEN the Middle East is ablaze, oil prices near record highs, the American economy cooling and the climate warming, it is hard to get excited about the beaching of trade talks.
中东战火在燃烧，油价攀升近创记录的高点，美国经济在降温，气候在变暖，此时贸易谈判搁浅不麦易引起人们紧张不安。
highs:高点
But I would like this life which moves and yearns in me, to be able itself to attain to comeliness, though but in transitory performance.
但是我宁愿这个在我身体上活动着、岁月着的生命本身能够实现些许美好，哪怕只是昙花一现的表现。
yearns:岁月
If the situation demands, he must be able to attend the meeting.
如果情况必须，他一定能参加会议。
must:必须
We had about ten hours' warning, so we were able to minimize the effects of the flood.
由于在十小时前发出了警报，我们能够把水灾的破坏最小化最低程度。
minimize:最小化
After reading a biography of Lincoln he was able to tell many stories about the President.
他读了林肯的传记后，能讲出许多关于这位总统的传记。
biography:传记
She's also helping to design a new, improved wheelchair that she hopes will change the game much as graphite racquets did for able- bodied pros twenty years ago.
此外，她正在帮助设计或改进轮椅，希望借此改进比赛，就像两年前石墨球拍为健全的职业网坛所带来的一样。
improved:改进
At a set time, able- bodied Romans seized the assembled women in an event now known as the Rape of the Sabine Women.
到了特定的时间，强壮的罗马人抓住与会的妇女，如今这个事件肉体称之为“掠夺萨宾妇女”。
bodied:肉体
Of course he has had to suffer the humiliations and obstructions facing all those in society who are not able - bodied 。
当然，和社会上所有那些身体不健全的人一样，他必须忍受羞辱和障碍。
humiliations:羞辱
He replied: “If I take the able -bodied only, the young must die. If I take the mother, must I not take the child ?”
他回答回答，”如果我只要能干的，年轻人会死掉，如果我选择留下孩子的母亲，我是不是又必须留下孩子呢？
replied:回答
In able- bodied people, these "walking circuits" spring into action when they receive a signal from the brain, but if the spinal cord is damaged, the message from the brain never arrives.
对于健康的人来说，这些“行走回路”一旦收到大脑发出的信号之后，便迅速行动。但如果脊髓受到破坏，它们便无法接受大脑发出的讯息。
receive:接受
For example, many millions of able - bodied British adults are now classed as “disabled, ” which enables them to claim disability benefits and disappear from the jobless rolls.
例如，英国几百万正常可以自食其力的正常人已肉体列为“残疾人”，这样他们就可以享用残疾人福利并从失业大军中消失。
bodied:肉体
Also, moral impurity is not removed or reducible through rituals, through washings and launderings, ritual ablutions and the like.
此外，道德不洁不能通过仪式来去除或减少，类似于洗钱、烫、沐浴仪式等等都不行。
launderings:洗钱
So purification offerings are brought; after the genital discharge has healed and passed; after the appropriate ablutions have been observed and the person is essentially pure.
因此净化祭通常是在,生殖器排放之后带来的;,在适当的沐浴之后,人已经变得完全纯洁了可以。
brought:带来
As the element of a kind of OK and free commutation, if use cloth art ably, can let household often change Chang Xin.
作为一种可以自由变换的阿斯，假如巧妙地使用布艺，可以让家居常变常新。
As:阿斯
Everyone left with a great appreciation for those brave men who serve our country so ably, and the system behind it that produces such a consistent, excellent "product ."
在聚会结束时，对于那些为国家服务的勇敢，还有培养出如此始终如一、如此卓越的“产品”的机制，所有人都非常感激。
brave:勇敢
These materials are known as "radioisotopes "— versions of an element that, because they have an abnormal number of neutrons, frequently decay and release radiation.
这些材料被称作“放射性同位素”—同一种元素的变种，他们具有异常的中子数量，频繁的衰变和放出辐射。
materials:材料
These materials are known as "radioisotopes "— versions of an element that, because they have an abnormal number of neutrons, frequently decay and release radiation.
这些物质被称作“放射性同位素”—同一种如的变种，他们具有异常的中子数量，频繁的衰变和放出辐射。
as:如
These materials are known as "radioisotopes "— versions of an element that, because they have an abnormal number of neutrons, frequently decay and release radiation.
这些物质被称作“放射性放射性同位素”—同一种元素的变种，他们具有异常的中子数量，频繁的衰变和放出辐射。
radioisotopes:放射性同位素
In vice, the attraction of the abnormal creates a troubling anxiety: the spirit seems to have become blood and stirs in the flesh like an immanent force.
在恶意中，异常事物的吸引创造出令人不安的焦虑：精神似乎已经变成了血液，像一股无所不在的力量搅动着肉体。
vice:恶意
Know your blood lipids: Raised blood cholesterol and abnormal blood lipids increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
了解你的血脂：血胆固醇升高和血脂异常会升格心脏病发作和中风的风险。
Raised:升格
Female ejaculation is considered rare in the west, and even, by some, abnormal.
在西方国家，女性射精被考虑是少见的，甚至有一些异常。
considered:考虑
Some disorders are the direct result of abnormal RBC metabolism and interference with glycolysis.
红细胞异常糖化和糖酵解被干扰会直接产生某些疾病。
glycolysis:糖化
We identified the mutation that triggers this abnormal re - activation of developmental genes and showed that if you turn off these genes, you stop the cancer.
我们找到了激活这种异常的发育基因再活跃的变异，并发现如果关闭这些基因就能阻止癌症发展。
activation:激活
No man has ever been proud to be deemed a “premature ejaculator ” by his lover, but in truth it is more of a hardwired system for survival, than an abnormality.
没有射精器会因被爱人贴上“早泄”的标签而感到自豪，但事实上它并不是一种异常，而是一种天生的保护机制。
ejaculator:射精器
The engineered mice validate the human chromosome abnormality as one cause of the disease, the researchers said. They will also serve as an invaluable tool for therapeutic development.
研究人员认为，核证这样改造的小鼠，不仅验证了染色体异常是孤独症的成因之一，而且对治疗方法的研究将起到不可估量的作用。
validate:核证
The scientists also found that the more severe the aggression and antisocial behaviour in the teenagers, the greater the level of brain abnormality.
同时，科学家们发现，青少年过激和反社会行为越严重，他们的大脑行为就越异常。
behaviour:行为
The duplicated chromosomal region in mice is the equivalent of human chromosome 15q11 - 13, the most frequent cytogenetic abnormality observed in autism, accounting for some five percent of all cases.
在小鼠染色体被重复的这段染色体区域，相当于人类的染色体15q11-13区段，而那是孤独症患者中最常见的一种细胞遗传异常，约占总病例的5%。
chromosome:染色体
It's also one of the few scientific professions where motion sickness is a real risk, as I'm learning aboard the ship, which is buffeted by the advance wind and sea swells of Tropical Storm Fiona.
此外，我在船上还发现在这个行业中，晕船是真的很风险，这在科学界其他领域可不多见，当时热带风暴菲奥娜带来的推进风和汹涌的海水正猛击着船身。
risk:风险
It's also one of the few scientific professions where motion sickness is a real risk, as I'm learning aboard the ship, which is buffeted by the advance wind and sea swells of Tropical Storm Fiona.
此外，我在船上还发现在这个行业中，晕船是真的很危险，这在科学界其他领域可不多见，当时热带风暴菲奥娜带来的推进风和汹涌的海水正吵架着船身。
buffeted:吵架
A humanoid robot will visit space for the first time in September aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery, NASA announced Wednesday.
NASA在本周三宣布，第一台人形人型将于今年九月搭乘发现号航天飞机首次踏入太空。
humanoid:人型
Argentina extended its travel ban to Mexico, and in Trinidad, the crew aboard a Mexican tanker was kept in isolation over the weekend.
阿根廷延长了对墨西哥的旅游禁令。在特立尼达，一艘墨西哥油轮上的船员上周末被孤立。
isolation:孤立
Does he expect to find among the ruins of this Union a happier abode for our swarming millions than they now have under it?
他是否期望在联邦的废墟之中，为我们的百万人群找到比他们现在更幸福的住处？
abode:住处
Some of us move from place to place in a temporary way, while others have a fixed abode; a little piece of work real estate that we call home.
我们中的有些人会经常性地搬来搬去，而其他的人则会有一个固定的住处；一片我们叫做家的小小的用于工作的路面。
way:路面
Some of us move from place to place in a temporary way, while others have a fixed abode; a little piece of work real estate that we call home.
我们中的有些人会经常性地搬来搬去，而其他的人则会有一个固定的住处；一片我们叫做家的小小的用于工作的财产。
estate:财产
Some of us move from place to place in a temporary way, while others have a fixed abode; a little piece of work real estate that we call home.
我们中的有些人会经常性地搬来搬去，而其他的人则会有一个固定的家；一片我们叫做家的小小的用于工作的地产。
home:家
To an extent, they demonstrated in a vivid way that the "abode of Islam" is not blood-thirsty but freedom -thirsty.
在一定范围上，他们以一个生动的方式证明“伊斯兰的居留权”不是毫无人性的而是完全无自由的。
extent:范围
For reasons unknown, the first floor bedroom of this otherwise nondescript abode is located in that army green truck.
不知何故，这个不伦不类住处的一楼卧室是在那个军绿色卡车里。
abode:住处
Since we had little money, we scoured antique shops and flea markets for hidden treasures—and hauled a good deal of “junque” back to our abode.
由于囊中羞涩，我们在古董店和跳蚤市场上淘宝——往我们的住处拖了一大堆的“垃圾”。
abode:住处
Although his condition causes poor eyesight, he relies on other senses to navigate his abode in a San Francisco aquarium.
虽然他不佳的身体状况导致了他的视力变差，但他依然可以通过身体的其他感官在他位于旧金山一个水族馆的住处里来去自由。
abode:住处
He was the king of Uruk, a city in southern Mesopotamia, who sought immortality by searching for the “Stairway to Heaven and the abode of the Gods .”
他是乌鲁克的国王，乌鲁克是南美索不达米亚的一个城市，他通过寻找“通往天国的阶梯和神的住处”来寻求不朽。
abode:住处
Paris was unstintingly at that time the Mecca of music and the abode of the greatest musicians.
②当时的巴黎，是当之无愧的音乐的麦加（Mecca），也是最伟大的音乐家们的住处。
abode:住处
Inspired by Bauhaus architecture, the spacious Cubix dog house is a hand-built contemporary abode for man's best friend.
根据包豪斯建筑的灵感而设计宽敞的Cubix狗舍是为人类最好的朋友手工制作的现代住处。
abode:住处
This migrant worker from Anhui province has constructed his abode from wood scraps, furniture, and other
来自安徽省的民工已经在废木堆里搭建好了他的住处，其中，家具和其他的材料也来自于废木堆。
abode:住处
This migrant worker from Anhui province has constructed his abode from wood scraps, furniture, and other
来自安徽省的民工已经在废物里搭建好了他的住所，其中，家具和其他的材料也来自于废物。
scraps:废物
He stands pledged to abolish slavery in Columbia (the district round Washington) under the conditions we have shown.
他承诺要在现有的情况下废除哥伦比亚特区的奴隶制。
pledged:承诺
But the move to abolish shared berths for rail passengers travelling alone from London to Cornwall shows that, like Greta Garbo, we all now want to be alone.
但废除从伦敦到康沃尔的单身乘客共用铺位的运动却表明，如同葛丽泰·嘉宝那样，现在的我们希望独处。
passengers:乘客
If we could abolish the government monopoly on the creation of money, the Federal Reserve would be forced to clean up its act or go out of business.
如果我们能够废除政府对货币生产的垄断，联邦储备系统将被迫约束自己的行为或者被垄断扫地出门。
monopoly:垄断
The Ebionites claimed that Jesus was horrified by cruelty to animals and that one of the primary aspects of his mission was to abolish the practice of ritual slaughter.
伊便尼派声称耶稣对残酷动物感到震惊，而他的主要使命之一就是废除敬神仪式屠宰动物的做法。
cruelty:残酷
More than a quarter -- over twice the national average -- are self - employed small - business owners, and most support reducing taxes and the abolition of the estate tax.
超过四分之一的美国穆斯林——超过全国平均数的两倍——是国家的小型商户，大多都支持减税和废除地产税。
national:国家
More than a quarter -- over twice the national average -- are self - employed small - business owners, and most support reducing taxes and the abolition of the estate tax.
超过四分之一的美国穆斯林——超过全国平均数的两倍——是个体经营的小型商户，大多都支持减税和废除财产。
estate:财产
At the Geneva conference in 1932, Japan's delegate Osami Nagano proposed the abolition of aircraft carriers, long-range submarines, limitation of large offensive capital ships.
在1932年的日内瓦会议上，日本代表永野修身提议，要废止航空母舰和远距离潜艇，限制大型的攻击性舰艇。
submarines:潜艇
Where Dickinson withdrew into the self, Higginson, a passionate abolitionist, tried to realise his ideals, but both were paradoxical individuals.
迪金森完全沉浸在自己的世界里，而希金森则试过一个激进的废奴主义者，竭尽全力要实现他的理想。但他们两人都是性格复杂矛盾的人。
tried:试过
The stereotypic Abolitionist, Robber Baron, Progressive Reformer, New Dealer is as good a place as any to begin understanding the past, but each of these inherited images needs critical adjusting.
形象刻板的废奴主义者，19世纪被称作“强盗男爵”的商人和银行家，1890年到1920年美国进步时代的廢除主義者们，还有罗斯福新政，都是理解历史的绝好起点，但这每一个被刻板塑造出的形象都需要批判的修正。
Abolitionist:廢除主義者
The stereotypic Abolitionist, Robber Baron, Progressive Reformer, New Dealer is as good a place as any to begin understanding the past, but each of these inherited images needs critical adjusting.
形象刻板的废奴主义者，19世纪被称作“強盗男爵”的商人和银行家，1890年到1920年美国进步时代的改革者们，还有罗斯福新政，都是理解历史的绝好起点，但这每一个被刻板塑造出的形象都需要批判的修正。
Robber:強盗
The stereotypic Abolitionist, Robber Baron, Progressive Reformer, New Dealer is as good a place as any to begin understanding the past, but each of these inherited images needs critical adjusting.
形象刻板的废奴主义者，19世纪被称作“强盗男爵”的交易员和银行家，1890年到1920年美国进步时代的改革者们，还有罗斯福新政，都是理解历史的绝好起点，但这每一个被刻板塑造出的形象都需要批判的修正。
Dealer:交易员
The stereotypic Abolitionist, Robber Baron, Progressive Reformer, New Dealer is as good a place as any to begin understanding the past, but each of these inherited images needs critical adjusting.
形象刻板的废奴主义者，19世纪被称作“强盗男爵”的商人和银行家，1890年到1920年美国进步过去的改革者们，还有罗斯福新政，都是理解历史的绝好起点，但这每一个被刻板塑造出的形象都需要批判的修正。
past:过去
His brief and subdued remarks to the A- bomb survivors were received with respectful, but brief applause.
他对原子弹幸存者发表的讲话，简洁而委婉，收到的了尊敬和短暂的掌声。
received:收到的
China has successfully exploded the first A- bomb, which aroused great attention and echo.
中国伟大的地爆炸了第一颗原子弹，在全世界引起了巨大的反响。
great:伟大的
China explode the first A- bomb successfully which made a great effect in world wide.
中国伟大的地爆炸了第一颗原子弹，在全世界引起了巨大的反响。
great:伟大的
The concept of “ruling the country by the party ”, held by some comrades, is a manifestation in our Party of an abominable tradition of the Kuomintang.
某些同志的“以党治国”的观念，就是国民党恶劣传统反映到我们库米塘的具体表现。
Kuomintang:库米塘
Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;
在坟墓间坐吃，在隐密处住宿，吃猪肉，他们器皿中有可憎之物作的汤。
eat:吃
Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;
在坟墓间坐着，在隐密处住宿，吃猪肉，他们器皿中有可憎之物作的布鲁斯。
broth:布鲁斯
She wouldn't have borne your abominable behaviour quietly: her detestation and disgust must have found voice.''
她才不会安静地忍受你那可恶的作风；她一定会发泄她的怀疑和憎恨的。
detestation:怀疑
For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries
因为往日随从外邦人的心意，行邪淫，恶欲，醉酒，荒宴，群饮，并可恶拜偶像的事，过去已经够了。
past:过去
It is the language of prisons, galleys, convicts, of everything that is most abominable in society!
这话终究是那些罪犯、苦役牢里的人、监狱里的人、社会上最恶的人说的！
convicts:罪犯
Any parent or school teacher who takes a secret and abominable delight in torture is allowed to lay traps into which every child must fall, and then beat it to his or her heart's content.
任何一个通过折磨孩子来获得神秘的变态的喜悦的父母或者老师都可以为每个孩子设套，让孩子们落入自己的圈套，然后殴打孩子，以获取心灵上的满足。
delight:喜悦
They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and the abomination, and the mouse, shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.
那些分别为圣，洁净自己的，进入园内跟在其中一个人的后头，消费猪肉和仓鼠并可憎之物，他们必一同灭绝。这是耶和华说的。
consumed:消费
Many of us have passed through Wulai to view its famous waterfall, but have you ever stopped to appreciate the unique sounds coming from the heart of this ancient aboriginal village?
我们许多人都已通过过乌来观赏那里闻名的瀑布，但你是否曾经停下来已通过聆听那来自古老土著居民村落内心深处的独特音乐呢？
passed:已通过
The 46 -year-old Aboriginal elder suffered third degree burns after collapsing in the heat and falling to the floor of the van while it travelled 250 miles from Laverton to Kalgoorlie in 47C heat.
当时车子由拉弗顿降落卡尔吉利，车程250英里，车外温度高达47摄氏度。这名46岁的原住民在高温中虚脱，滚落到车内的地板上又被三级烫伤。
falling:降落
The Atayal are proud to demonstrate their unique musical style, so next time you are in Wulai, check out an aboriginal show and gain some insight into Taiwan's ancient, musical past.
泰雅族对展现他们特有的乐风感到自豪。所以下次到乌来展示时，去看它一场土著居民的表演，去体会一下台湾古老音乐的悠久历史吧。
show:展示
The Atayal are proud to demonstrate their unique musical style, so next time you are in Wulai, check out an aboriginal show and gain some insight into Taiwan's ancient, musical past.
泰雅族对展现他们特有的乐风感到自豪。所以下次到乌来游玩过去，去看它一场土著居民的表演，去体会一下台湾古老音乐的悠久历史吧。
past:过去
Over the years, Aborigine tribal members have updated past artworks with different styles and new subjects.
多年来，土著居民利用不同的方式和更新的题材来使艺术作品跟上过去潮流。
past:过去
Lin Ching-tai, an aborigine from the Atayal tribe who plays the lead role of a Seediq tribal chief, had never acted previously.
主角之一、饰演赛德克族部落酋长的林庆台是泰雅族原住民，此前从未演过电影。
chief:酋长
There is a strong relationship between the Taiwanese aborigine's prejudice of "The model of culture and human information behaviour "and information seeking behaviour.
在「文化与人类资讯行为的模式」中，台湾原住民的偏见与资讯寻找的行为有很大的关联。
seeking:寻找
"aborigine" is the more Kongjian of their title, but also the Institute's name is the embodiment of his personal landscape design concepts.
“土人”既是愈孔坚对自己的称呼，也是研究所的名字，更是他原产地景观设计理念的体现。
aborigine:原产地
Besides, for reasons that aren't yet well understood, cloned animals often abort spontaneously or are born with defects; Dolly died very young, though she had seemed healthy.
此外，由于我们无法搞懂的原因，克隆年轻通常会自行流产，或者具有天生缺陷。 “多莉”尽管看起来很健康，但是她很早就死了。
young:年轻
Most polarising of all, in 2007 it approved a law granting women the right to abort in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy —something previously unheard of in Latin America outside Cuba.
更为极端的是，2007年他的政府已批准了一项法案，允许妇女在怀孕的前12周选择堕胎，此前除了古巴，这在拉丁美洲的其他地方可说是闻所未闻。
approved:已批准
If not, the application may also send an ABORT and tear down the call.
如果没有，应用程序也可能发送一个ABORT并阿博特调用。
ABORT:阿博特
This handler also includes any necessary processing for tearing down the SIP session if, for example, an ABORT message is received from the TCAP interface.
这个处理程序还包含任何必要的处理来阿博特SIP会话，例如，如果从TCAP接口收到一个ABORT消息的话。
ABORT:阿博特
Malta ’s existing law provides for legal separations but it doesn’t allow people to divorce or abort.
马耳他现行法律规定不准离婚，不许堕胎，但允许离婚。
divorce:离婚
In the first, Huppert played a girl who poisons her parents, and in the second she was an abortionist in occupied France.
在前面一部里，于佩尔饰演毒杀父母的女孩，在第二部里，她饰演被占领区的堕胎女孩。
girl:女孩
The captain, finding that their design had proved abortive, went directly to the place of meeting, and told his troop that they had lost their labour, and must return to their cave.
这个首领，发现他们的计划已经证明证明流产了，直接来到了他们集合的地方，告诉他的队伍他们做了无用功，必须回到他们的山洞。
proved:证明
But this shrouded underlying political difficulties later manifest in left-wing terrorism and an abortive military coup in 1970 that involved mafia and fascists.
但1970年代基础政治困境掩藏，随后显明的左翼恐怖主义和失败的军事政变里就包括了黑手党和法西斯主义者。
underlying:基础
Are start -ups the only places where the ingredients of creativity abound today?
创业是唯一的地方富于创造力的成分今天好吗？
ingredients:成分
Incidents abound of vulnerable children being whisked away with profit in mind rather than their wellbeing.
脆弱的孩子们大量唯利是图、不关心子女福利的父母扫地出门的案例比比皆是。
abound:大量
News headlines abound about lawsuits of drug side effects, so savvy people take the least amount of pharmaceutical products possible.
如今关于药物毒副作用的新闻标题比比皆是，所以明智的人们都尽可能少地采用药品用品。
pharmaceutical:药品
But the dwindling of the insurgency does not mean that peaceful opportunities abound.
但是暴动的衰落并不意味着和平的机会已经大量存在。
dwindling:衰落
Sony declined to specify reasons for the withdrawal, but some in the industry blame overwhelming piracy while others say it was due to a Chinese government about- face.
索尼拒绝透露退出的特别原因,但业界一些企业责备中国盗版行为猖獗,另一些企业则将其归咎于中国政府的政策转变.
blame:责备
This dramatic about - face perfectly captures conservative opportunism against government: Beat it to the ground and then, when government is obviously needed, blame liberals for not helping it get up.
这一戏剧性的大转变捕获了保守人士对于政府的投机：打倒在地，然后当政府需要时，责备自由党不伸手帮忙使其站立起来。
blame:责备
The plan marks a quick about - face for Washington policy-makers, who until recent days had been focusing on building an apparatus to soak up bad assets from banks.
这一计划显示了华盛顿决策者的快速的大转变,就在几天前他们还曾集中于设立一家机构以吸收银行不良资产.
focusing:集中
The plan marks a quick about - face for Washington policy-makers, who until recent days had been focusing on building an apparatus to soak up bad assets from banks.
这一计划显示了华盛顿决策者的快速的大转变,就在几天前他们还曾专注于设立一家机构以集中银行不良资产.
focusing:集中
It was an about-face for Moyal, a member of the hawkish Likud Party, who has been calling for the army to invade Gaza to end the rocket attacks.
他发出的呼吁和他以往的立场不一样。穆瓦亚尔过去一直呼吁以色列军队入侵加沙地带，从而结束火箭入侵。
invade:入侵
In a complete about- turn, it now markets itself as "Cleantech City" – and has cast off the torpor so effectively that it was recently ranked as Europe's most creative city (those taxi fares again?).
为了进行彻底改变，马尔默现在以“清洁它城”来推销自己——而且成功地摆脱了懒散，最近被列为欧洲最具创造力的城市（那些出租车还收费吗？）
it:它
In a complete about- turn, it now markets itself as "Cleantech City" – and has cast off the torpor so effectively that it was recently ranked as Europe's most creative city (those taxi fares again?).
为了进行彻底改变，马尔默现在以“清洁它城”来推销自己——而且成功地摆脱了懒散，最近被列为欧洲最具创造力的城市（那些出租车还收费吗？）
it:它
In a complete about- turn, it now markets itself as "Cleantech City" – and has cast off the torpor so effectively that it was recently ranked as Europe's most creative city (those taxi fares again?).
为了进行彻底改变，马尔默现在以“清洁技术城”来推销自己——而且成功地摆脱了懒散，最近排序列为欧洲最具创造力的城市（那些出租车还收费吗？）
ranked:排序
In a sharp about - turn, treasury secretary Henry Paulson announced yesterday he no longer believed that purchasing assets would be the most effective use of the administration's bail - out fund.
财政部长保尔森的态度突然发生了变化，他昨天宣布，采购问题资产不是救市基金最有效的利用途径。
purchasing:采购
Utilizing $38, 000 in personal savings and contributions from his father and a friend, Abracadabra opened in March.
利用自己38,000美元的朋友积蓄和父亲及朋友的资助，Abracadabra今年3月开张了。
friend:朋友
The ABRACADABRA bookmark aims to make finding where you left off and opening to that page easier. I didn't know it was an issue but now I hate my ordinary paper bookmark.
设计出这款ABRACADABRA书签，目的是让读者很容易地就能发现上次读过的地方，我知道在作用上它与传统的书签没什么两样，但我实在是不喜欢我那平庸的书签。
finding:发现
The injury after falling has smaller cut, abrade and more severe loss, the coxa ministry fracture that if cause functional activity commonly, is damaged badly.
跌倒后的骨折有较轻的划伤、擦伤和更严重的骨折，如常见的导致功能活动严重受损的髋部骨折。
fracture:骨折
All Meguiar's waxes are non- abrasive, this means Meguiar's waxes contain no ingredients that will abrade the paint or instill a scratch.
所有的美光的蜡都是非研磨性质的，它不包含可能磨损车漆或制造潜划痕的污染成分。
contain:包含
Over time they abrade the paint, allow oxidation to begin, and cause tiny rust spots in your paint.
随著时间的推移，他们研磨油漆，让氧化开始，并导致小锈斑在您的油漆。
paint:油漆
Over time they abrade the paint, allow oxidation to begin, and cause tiny rust spots in your paint.
随著时间的推移，他们研磨油漆，让氧化开始，并导致小锈斑在您的油漆。
paint:油漆
Floats in satin and sateen fabrics tend to snag and abrade easily, thus, such fabrics are not as durable as plain or twill weave fabrics.
缎纹沙丁中的浮长线容易磨损、起毛或纤维被勾出。因此，这类沙丁的强度低于平纹沙丁和斜纹沙丁。
satin:沙丁
Floats in satin and sateen fabrics tend to snag and abrade easily, thus, such fabrics are not as durable as plain or twill weave fabrics.
缎纹萨丁中的浮长线容易磨损、起毛或纤维被勾出。因此，这类萨丁的强度低于平纹萨丁和斜纹萨丁。
sateen:萨丁
Floats in satin and sateen fabrics tend to snag and abrade easily, thus, such fabrics are not as durable as plain or twill weave fabrics.
缎纹织物中的浮长线容易磨损、起毛或纤维照顾勾出。因此，这类织物的强度低于平纹织物和斜纹织物。
tend:照顾
Because all the gears areenclosedwithin the hub, road grit can't get inside to abrade the metal parts.
因为所有的齿轮都套在齿轮内，路面上的砂石不会跑进齿轮之间磨损金属部件。
gears:齿轮
Because all the gears areenclosedwithin the hub, road grit can't get inside to abrade the metal parts.
因为所有的齿轮都套在轮毂内，路面上的砂石不会跑进齿轮之间磨损金属中心。
hub:中心
Because all the gears areenclosedwithin the hub, road grit can't get inside to abrade the metal parts.
因为所有的齿轮都套在轮毂内，路面上的苦恼不会跑进齿轮之间磨损金属部件。
grit:苦恼
Because all the gears areenclosedwithin the hub, road grit can't get inside to abrade the metal parts.
因为所有的齿轮都套在轮毂内，路面上的砂石不会跑进齿轮之间磨损卡部件。
ca:卡
Because all the gears areenclosedwithin the hub, road grit can't get inside to abrade the metal parts.
因为所有的齿轮都套在轮毂内，路面上的砂石不会跑进齿轮之间磨损金属里面。
inside:里面
As in, can you abrade small particles of the material or surface coating and leave behind an original looking surface.
也就是你可以研磨粒子或表面涂层的一小部分并且让它们恢复成原本看起来的表面外观吗?。
particles:粒子
Laser tools and air abrasion are increasingly replacing drills and other tools, but dentists still use lots of picks.
虽然激光钻孔和空气喷砂机正在迅速取代钻头和其他钻孔，但牙医们还是要使用大量的凿子。
drills:钻孔
Metal friction and abrasion wear are resulted from mechanics, physical and chemical effect. It is a process in which mechanical, heat, chemical effects synthetically take effect.
金属的摩擦磨损是由力学的、机械的、化学的多个作用产生的结果，是机械效应、热效应、化学等效应综合作用的过程。
mechanics:机械
N330 is a kind of carbon black with better reinforcing, it has better strong Stretching intensity, resisting avulsion intensity, abrasion character and elasticity.
N330是一种补强性能良更好的炭黑，能赋予胶粒较更好的强伸性能、抗撕裂性能、耐磨性和弹性。
better:更好
N330 is a kind of carbon black with better reinforcing, it has better strong Stretching intensity, resisting avulsion intensity, abrasion character and elasticity.
N330是一种补强性能良更好的炭黑，能赋予胶粒较更好的强伸性能、抗撕裂性能、耐磨性和弹性。
better:更好
Its basic context is about the problem of friction, abrasion and lubrication.
它的基本内容是研究它的表面的摩擦、磨损和润滑问题。
Its:它的
Once sucked into an airplane ’s turbines, the abrasive material can easily cause engine failure, but an aircraft ’s weather radar can’t spot the ash.
一旦被飞机的涡轮机吸进，这种粗厉的材料将轻易地毁坏发动机，而飞机的气象雷达却无法监测到这种烟尘。
material:材料
The Hong Kong SAR government and the people of all circles are therefore required toalso keep abreast with the times, work hard and bring about an even better future for Hong Kong.
香港特别行政区政府和各界人士同样要以与时俱进的精神，积极进取，努力创造香港更加更好的未来。
better:更好
We must firmly grasp the strategic opportunity at the early 21st century, keep abreast with the timesand press ahead with continued reform, opening -up and modernization.
我们要紧紧抓住新世纪初的战略机遇期，与时俱进，开拓创新，继续把改革开放和现代化建设不断推向继续。
continued:继续
Instead, the best strategy is to use the agent as a kind of tip service to keep abreast of jobs in a particular database; when you get E- mail, consider it a reminder to check the database again.
相反，最佳的策略是把代理当作一种提示服务来及时跟踪某一资料库里的工作岗位数据库。当你收到电子邮件时，你就把它当作一种提醒再去查一查资料库。
database:数据库
Instead, the best strategy is to use the agent as a kind of tip service to keep abreast of jobs in a particular database; when you get E- mail, consider it a reminder to check the database again.
相反，最佳的策略是把代理当作一种提示服务来及时跟踪某一资料库里的工作岗位数据库。当你收到电子邮件时，你就把它当作一种提醒再去查一查资料库。
database:数据库
You must also ensure that policies are documented clearly and that the community of application architects and developers is kept abreast of the latest policies.
您还必须确保策略被明确地有文件的在文档中，并使应用程序架构师与开发人员与最新的策略保持同步。
documented:有文件的
Our study also points out the necessity for librarians to investigate aggressively and stay abreast of disruptive technology and build it into new services wherever possible.
我们的研究也指出图书馆员有必要研究这些具有侵略性分裂性的新它，把它建成任何可能的新服务。
it:它
Not so long ago, audiobooks were the poor cousins of the publishing world, particularly in the UK, where "talking books "were largely abridged. Jobbing actors were usually recruited as readers.
不久以前，有声读物还不过是书的寒酸表亲，特别是在英国，“有声书”大都是删减本，朗读者通常为打零工的演员。
books:书
Since this is a computer article instead of a statistics article here is the abridged and condensed version of polling statistical experimental design.
由于这是一篇关于计算机的文章，而不是关于统计学的文章，因此本文只是一个略略版的投票统计实验设计。
abridged:略略
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
合众国或任何条件不得以种族、肤色或过去做仆役为由剥夺或限制合众国公民的选举权。
condition:条件
You will have to keep in mind that while you are excited to share your experiences abroad, not everyone will want to share every single experience.
但是当你兴奋地分享你在海外的经历同时，你一定要记住，并不是每个人都想分享你的经验中的每个细微末节。
while:同时
Some 150 monks live at the temple, and visiting monks from across China and abroad come to study and meditate at the purported fountainhead of Zen Buddhism.
寺庙中约住着150位僧人，来自中国各地和海外的参观僧侣会来此学习和冥想，因为这里才是禅宗佛教的源头。
visiting:参观
Some 150 monks live at the temple, and visiting monks from across China and abroad come to study and meditate at the purported fountainhead of Zen Buddhism.
寺庙中约住着150位僧人，来自中国各地和海外的访问僧侣会来此学习和冥想，因为这里才是禅宗佛教的喷泉头。
fountainhead:喷泉头
Some 150 monks live at the temple, and visiting monks from across China and abroad come to study and meditate at the purported fountainhead of Zen Buddhism.
寺庙中约住着150位僧人，来自中国各地和海外的访问僧侣会来此学习和冥想，因为这里才是禅宗禅的源头。
Zen:禅
A renewal of America ’s respect for constitution and law would be welcome at home as well as abroad.
一种新的对美国宪法和宪法的尊重不仅仅会在国内受到欢迎，国外也是如此。
constitution:宪法
However, abandoning the Cold War mindset is not to abrogate arms control treaties concluded in that era.
但是，摆脱冷战已完成不应被简单地理解为废除冷战时达成的军控条约。
concluded:已完成
While nominally handing massive new budget powers to the DNI the law also makes clear that he will not “abrogate the statutory responsibilities ” of any existing intelligence related agency.
虽然这项法律名义上授予国家情报局长在预算问题上新的巨大智力，但同时也明确规定，他将不得“废除”现有任何与情报相关机构的“法律规定的职责”。
intelligence:智力
Thus, this author urges that we should abrogate this principle while amending the Criminal Procedural Act.
因此，应当在修改《刑事诉讼法》同时废除这一制度。
while:同时
During the valid period of this agreement, If Part B's order turnover can't reach minimum order turnover, Part A will consider to abrogate the Part B's right of acting as its agent for in next year.
如果乙方未能达到协议中承诺的最订单成交金额，甲方将考虑在此协议年份失效后取消乙方的代理资格。
year:年份
A severe facade rose above this door; a wall, perpendicular to the facade, almost touched the door, and flanked it with an abrupt right angle.
大门的上方便是那房屋的外墙，气象庄严，一道和房屋外墙垂直的墙紧靠在大门旁边，构成一个生硬的直角。
facade:外墙
A severe facade rose above this door; a wall, perpendicular to the facade, almost touched the door, and flanked it with an abrupt right angle.
大门的上方便是那房屋的外墙，气象庄严，一道和房屋外墙垂直的墙紧靠在大门旁边，构成一个生硬的直角。
facade:外墙
Nevertheless, those who seek another opportunity to run a publicly traded company may struggle to persuade board members to overlook the abrupt end to their previous job.
然而，那些寻求另一次机会以管理一家上市公司的人，可能难以说服董事会成员忽略自己前一份说服的突然中断。
persuade:说服
The beginning of adolescence seems to mark the abrupt end of artistic development in terms of drawing skills for many adults.
跟据很多成人的绘画技能来看，进入青春期标志着人们在图画才能方面发展的突然中止。
drawing:图画
This abrupt shift in rate outlook also caused the largest weekly jump in benchmark 10 -year yields in nearly six years.
此次利率前景的突然改变还导致10年期公债收益率录得近六年来的最大单周跳跃.
jump:跳跃
ABS prefers to allocate to new and smaller funds because it believes they are hungrier for success.
ABS偏好将资金配置给新的小型基金，因为它相信，这些基金更渴望成功。
prefers:偏好
If the manager meets the required standard for its strategy, analysis of stocks, reputation in the market and ethical behaviour, ABS then conducts operational due diligence.
如果经理人在策略、股票分析、市场声誉与道德行为方面达到了要求的标准，ABS就会展开业务尽职分析。
analysis:分析
If the manager meets the required standard for its strategy, analysis of stocks, reputation in the market and ethical behaviour, ABS then conducts operational due diligence.
如果经理人在策略、股票分析、市场名誉与道德行为方面达到了要求的标准，ABS就会展开业务尽职调查。
reputation:名誉
LEGO bricks start out as granulated acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS), a type of shiny plastic used to make everything from hard hats to toys to pipes.
乐高积木始于小颗粒状的丙烯腈丁二烯苯乙烯（ABS），一种闪亮的可以被用于制造从硬帽子到水管的ABS。
ABS:ABS
These beautiful creatures are molded by an automotive modeler using ABS plastic, automotive paint, stainless steel, leather, and rubber tires.
这些美丽的雕塑是将ABSABS、汽车漆、不锈钢、皮革以及橡胶轮胎通过一个自动注塑机做出来的。
ABS:ABS
The combined - ABS version features triple - piston front brake calipers and the confident control of Honda ’s most advanced Antilock Brake System.
这一结合防抱死制动系统（ABS）的版本，以三活塞前制动卡钳和本田最先进的防抱死制动系统的超强操控为合并。
combined:合并
This means that other processing must be preempted to allow the ABS task to execute at the desired periods.
这意味着必须抢占其他处理，以便ABS任务能按照期望的周期表示。
means:表示
But the most time-consuming part of ABS's service is monitoring, which is 90 per cent of the job.
但在ABS的服务中，最耗时的部分是监控，占了这份服务的90%。
service:服务
Brazilian Environment Minister Izabella Teixeira warned this month that "for us, it is not acceptable to go to Nagoya and not have an agreement for (the) ABS Protocol... We need a deal ."
巴西环境部长伊莎贝拉特谢拉本月警告说，“对于我们来说，如果不能就ABS协议达成一致意见，去名古屋参会是不能接受的...我们需要一个协议需要。”
need:需要
But while he was in Havana, officials said he needed emergency surgery for a pelvic abscess and subsequently time to recover.
但是他在哈瓦那的时候，官员们称，他因为骨盆脓肿接受了紧急手术，需要同时来康复。
while:同时
However the Elysée kept quiet when Sarkozy was in hospital to have a throat abscess removed in 2007 after his divorce from his second wife, Cecilia.
然而，2007年在萨科奇与第二任妻子西西莉亚离婚后，入院离婚喉部脓肿时，爱丽舍宫保持了沉默。
divorce:离婚
Patients who have had a surgical procedure in which the liver bile duct has been connected to a loop of bowel are at much greater risk of developing a liver abscess after ablation.
经历过肝脏胆管连接肠循环毁灭的患者具有更大的风险使得消融治疗后并发肝脓肿。
ablation:毁灭
After six weeks, an X - ray showed the abscess had shrunk down to a stable and probably permanent scar on Jerry’s lung.
六周后，X-射线显示脓肿减小至稳定有可能在Jerry肺中留下一个永久的疤痕。
ray:射线
After six weeks, an X - ray showed the abscess had shrunk down to a stable and probably permanent scar on Jerry’s lung.
六周后，X-光显示脓肿缩小至稳定有可能在Jerry肺中留下一个永久的疤痕。
shrunk:缩小
Adding to my surprise was the fact that Jerry had none of the risk factors associated with a lung abscess.
更让我惊讶的是Jerry没有任何导致肺脓肿的风险因素。
risk:风险
Adding to my surprise was the fact that Jerry had none of the risk factors associated with a lung abscess.
更让我惊讶的是Jerry没有任何因素肺脓肿的危险因素。
factors:因素
Sitting in Jerry ’s right midlung was a rounded density with a central cavity containing air and fluid. It was the radiographic signature of an abscess.
Jerry的右中肺有一个圆形的中空密度影，里面有空气和液体，放射诊断写着脓肿。
air:空气
'If it's an abscess that would require a root canal, it won't get better by itself.'
如果是需要根管手术的脓肿,它不会自己更好起来。
better:更好
Abscond, vi. TO" move in a mysterious way, "commonly with the property of another.
潜逃用某种秘密的方式离开，通常是带着别人的路面走的。
way:路面
Abscond is the act of going away without permission or not returning to the court after being released on bail or to escape from prison.
潜逃、失踪（擅自逃走或保释后不返回法庭或越狱逃走）。
returning:返回
If staying in a TV tower isn't crazy enough, you can also arrange to abseil its 100m height, an unusual proposition as there's no wall to rest your feet against.
如果你觉得呆在一个电视塔里还是不足够的疯狂，那你可以考虑计划从塔的100米的高处沿绳子滑下来——这是一个不寻常的建议，因为在那里几无安排。
arrange:安排
What we have— by the design of auto manufacturers and dealers, who could sell the cars however they want — is a system in which there's almost a complete absence of trust from the beginning.
出于汽车制造商和经销商尽可能按照他们想要的方式来出售这些汽车的设计，我们这些消费者进入的就是一个从一开始就完全没有信任的出售系统。
sell:出售
If I didn't agree to any of them, the roles would be reversed: Thad would go to the most reputable, and have his case heard in my absence.
如果我不同意他们中的任何一位，那角色就会去过来：萨德会向最有声望的法官申诉，在我缺席的情况下审理他的案子。
go:去
They attempt tell the world who I am and why I deserve to be listened to in the absence of any other information.
他们试着告诉世界我是谁，以及我为什么在缺少其他信息的情况下还应该值得人倾听。
deserve:值得
They attempt tell the world who I am and why I deserve to be listened to in the absence of any other information.
他们试着告诉世界我是谁，以及我为什么在缺席其他信息的情况下还应该被人倾听。
absence:缺席
In the absence of a male relative, evidently, our hosts entrusted me to the custody of a countryman.
在没有男性亲属的情况下，我们的主人显然是要把我托付给一位美国乡绅。
countryman:乡绅
In the absence of good scientific trials, it is impossible to be certain which is which.
在缺席良好的科学试验的情况下，是不可能确定哪些有效哪些无效的。
absence:缺席
Second, propose that, in the absence of a working code model from his past project, he quickly build a new prototype for your project, based on his past work.
其次，提出建议，在缺席他以前项目的工作代码模型的情况下，让他基于以前的工作快速为你的项目建立一个新的原型。
absence:缺席
Second, propose that, in the absence of a working code model from his past project, he quickly build a new prototype for your project, based on his past work.
其次，提出建议，在缺少他以前项目的项目代码模型的情况下，让他基于以前的项目快速为你的项目建立一个新的原型。
project:项目
Second, propose that, in the absence of a working code model from his past project, he quickly build a new prototype for your project, based on his past work.
其次，提出建议，在缺少他以前项目的项目代码模型的情况下，让他基于以前的项目快速为你的项目建立一个新的原型。
project:项目
One reason for this fictional exploration into the hidden recesses of the soul is the absence of settled, traditional community life in America.
这类作品以小说的形式探索隐蔽的灵魂深处，原因之一是因为美国缺席根深蒂固的传统社区生活。
absence:缺席
Mr. Lee ’s remarks infuriated many in China, but he was only speaking frankly to an old and often absent friend.
李先生的话在中国愤怒了不少人，但他只是坦白的对一个年老而又经常缺席的朋友说的。
infuriated:愤怒
Absentee Managers – who would not step in at all irrespective of whether the team has all the necessary skills to tackle the problem.
缺席的经理：不管团队是否解决问题的全部必备能力，这一类经理都不会介入。
Managers:经理
In Florida, Republicans have an edge among absentee voters, but Democrats are lining up in larger numbers in person at early voting polling places.
在佛罗里达州，共和党人在缺席投票的选民中占优势，但是大量民主党人在提前投票一些地方排队投票。
places:一些地方
Some states and local jurisdictions gradually liberalized this provision, allowing citizens to register as "permanent absentee voters" and routinely have a ballot mailed to their home.
一些州和地方选区逐渐放宽了这一规定，允许选民登记为"永久缺席选民"，并在选举前把选票寄到他们家中。
voters:选民
Some states and local jurisdictions gradually liberalized this provision, allowing citizens to register as "permanent absentee voters" and routinely have a ballot mailed to their home.
一些州和地方选区逐渐放宽了这一规定，允许公民登记为"永久缺席选民"，并在选举前把选票邮寄到他们家中。
mailed:邮寄
As a result, forest real estate now sells for rock- bottom prices, and many plots have been abandoned by absentee or aged owners and have fallen into a state of neglect.
因此，现在森林财产以最低的价格出售，而且很多小的地块被外地或年长的业主所抛弃，从而已经落入了无人问津的状态。
estate:财产
I urge any American living outside the country to get an early start checking his/her registration and receiving an absentee ballot, because it can take a while.
我奉劝身在国外的所有美国人早点着手核对登记表，并接收缺席选举人票，因为这得花点同时。
while:同时
This trend started with provisions for absentee ballots, issued to voters who anticipate being away from their home (and their voting place) on election day.
这一趋势始于有关缺席选票的规定，后者针对的是那些预计在选举日当天不在自己的选区(及选举地点)的选民。
election:选举
The study found girls to be most affected by absentee dads, although the researchers caution that paternal absence can foster other problems such as lack of support or discipline.
尽管研究人员警告说，父亲角色的缺失可能招致诸如缺席支持或训导之类的其它问题的发生，但是研究发现女孩受父亲缺失的影响更大。
absence:缺席
Ferrell and McKay, who spend most of their time making movies together, are largely absentee owners, though McKay checks in daily and Ferrell stars in the occasional video.
法瑞尔和凯克凯属于那种大部分不现身的主人，把主要时间用于一起制造电影，尽管麦克凯每天都来点个卯，法瑞尔偶尔在录像里客串。
making:制造
Ferrell and McKay, who spend most of their time making movies together, are largely absentee owners, though McKay checks in daily and Ferrell stars in the occasional video.
法瑞尔和凯克凯属于那种大部分不现身的主人，把主要时间用于一起电影电影，尽管麦克凯每天都来点个卯，法瑞尔偶尔在录像里客串。
movies:电影
In an effort to fight absentee ownership by wealthy landlords, Fidel enacted a reform that gave title to whoever lived in a home.
为了与有钱地主的”遥有制度“抗争，他进行了改革。给与那些家在家里的人以头衔。
home:家
Right out of the blue, seniors about to graduate suddenly become candidates for the Nobel Prize in Absenteeism.
而某日突然，临毕业的毕业在旷课期间竟摇身一变，成了诺贝尔奖的候选人。
graduate:毕业
School refusal — any kind of absenteeism, from phobia to truancy, that can be traced to the child ’s own actions and wishes — is at the very intersection of education, psychology and pediatrics.
拒学症---任何一种旷课，从恐惧到逃学，都能从孩子自身的品行和希望上找到根源---而且是教育，心理学和儿科学等因素交织在一起。
wishes:希望
Any degree of absenteeism would cause me to fail Math and to lose my scholarship. I was so afraid of failing that I even pledged abstinence from my abundant supply of alcohol.
旷课次数无论多少都可能导致我数学的不及格，甚至还承诺要对自己充裕的酒类供应加以节制。
pledged:承诺
"A large proportion of alcohol-related absenteeism is due to alcohol hangovers, which are more common for light to moderate drinkers than for heavy drinkers," said the study.
该研究报告表示：“在由酒精所引发的旷工现象中，很多情况下都是由于酒醉后出现的身体不适感造成的，与重度酒精者相比，此种行为在那些轻度到中度的酒精者中显得更为常见一些。”
alcohol:酒精
"A large proportion of alcohol-related absenteeism is due to alcohol hangovers, which are more common for light to moderate drinkers than for heavy drinkers," said the study.
该研究报告表示：“在由酒精所引发的旷工现象中，很多情况下都是由于酒醉后出现的身体不适感造成的，与重度酒精者相比，此种行为在那些轻度到中度的酒精者中显得更为常见一些。”
alcohol:酒精
Without regulations, women “suffered from fines for absenteeism, late arrival, shoddy production, laughter, and even nursing babies .”
由于没有规定，女性由于旷课，迟到，抄袭，大笑，甚至养育婴儿而被罚款。
babies:婴儿
Durfee joins other U.S. schools in Massachusetts and Illinois and New York which have taken on the added role of alarm clock to combat high rates of tardiness and absenteeism.
德菲高中以及马萨诸塞州、伊利诺伊州和纽约州的不少学校，还使用不同人物的声音被采纳闹铃音，希望以此来杜绝棘手的迟到和旷课问题。在纽约市，有的学校使用的是前职业篮球明星魔术师约翰逊的声音被采纳闹铃音。
taken:被采纳
The benefits to companies of adopting flextime, the report says, "can outweigh the costs by reducing absenteeism, lowering turnover, improving the health of workers, and increasing productivity ."
该报告指出：采用弹性工作时间的公司获得的收益，“会比重其成本支出，这是由于旷工减少、人员流动率下降、员工健康状况改善以及生产力提高。”
outweigh:比重
The benefits to companies of adopting flextime, the report says, "can outweigh the costs by reducing absenteeism, lowering turnover, improving the health of workers, and increasing productivity ."
该报告指出：采用弹性工作时间的公司获得的收益，“会超出其成本支出，这是由于旷工降低、人员流动率下降、员工健康状况改善以及生产力提高。”
lowering:降低
Extradition is very often obstructed by the fact that a person condemned to death in absentia cannot be extradited for human- rights reasons.
引渡罪犯经常被如下现实人所阻碍，即当某人在缺席的情况下被宣判死刑，会因为人权的理由而无法引渡。
person:人
Wilson, the attending veterinarian, a genial and absent -minded man, was about to retire any day now.
威尔逊兽医是这里的主治兽医，他是一个亲切且健忘的人，每天都准备着退休。
veterinarian:兽医
Psychologists have found the ways in which we are absent -minded in prospective memory can depend on whether we are trying to remember a future event or a future time.
心理学家发现我们在前瞻记忆中的健忘现象取决于我们尝试去记忆在未来的一个事件或者时间试着提醒标志。
trying:试着
Psychologists have found the ways in which we are absent -minded in prospective memory can depend on whether we are trying to remember a future event or a future time.
心理学家发现我们在前瞻记忆中的健忘现象取决于我们尝试去记忆在未来的一个事件或者未来作为提醒标志。
future:未来
Psychologists have found the ways in which we are absent -minded in prospective memory can depend on whether we are trying to remember a future event or a future time.
心理学家发现我们在前瞻记忆中的健忘现象取决于我们尝试去记忆在未来的一个事件或者未来作为提醒标志。
future:未来
As researchers dig deeper into the ramifications of games and apps on young minds, parents will have to navigate the gray areas between absentminded parenting and the smart use of technology.
当研究者还在进一步深入研究游戏和技术在年轻人中产生的衍生物时，父母们将在恍惚养育和灵活运用科技两者之间的灰色地带起着导向作用。
technology:技术
I looked around to realize that the school had become populated while I'd been sitting there, absentminded.
我抬起头看四周，这才发觉在我心不在焉地坐在这里的同时，学校里已经挤满了人。
while:同时
Time grows, the person can produce absentminded illusion constantly, this is the omen before disaster.
时间一长，人就会时常产生恍惚的错觉，这就是灾难前的预言了。
omen:预言
Absentminded medium, whole body long 8 Chinese foot iron pagodas general the big fellow stand in front, his complexion You be black, the air cold Ao.
恍惚中，一身长8尺铁塔一般大汉站立面前，他前面黝黑，神色冷傲。
front:前面
It's not out of the question. You've ben very absentminded lately. Always rushing somewhere, looking at your watch. It wouldn't surprise me in the least if you forgot to put on a sock.
这也不是不可能发生的最小，你近来一直都神情恍惚。总是来去匆匆，不时还看着表。如果说你忘了穿只袜子，我一点也不奇怪。
least:最小
Multitasking can also affect our relationships. If someone checks their email while on the phone with a friend, they may come off as absentminded or disinterested.
多项任务同时进行还可能会影响我们与他人之间的关系：如果朋友检查他们的电子邮件的同时在和朋友通电话，他们可能会无意间挂断电话。
friend:朋友
With only one node each for title, subtitle, and author, this is a shortcut to express the location path without entering the absolute path.
因为头衔、子头衔和作者各自只占一个节点，所以这是一种表达位置的快捷方式，无需输入绝对路径。
title:头衔
I believe the first question for new reproductive technologies should not be whether it is "right" in some timeless, absolute moral sense, but why we might want to do it.
我认为，关于生育新它的首要问题不应当是它在某种超时空的绝对道德意义上是否“正确”，而在于我们何以可能需要这种它。
it:它
I believe the first question for new reproductive technologies should not be whether it is "right" in some timeless, absolute moral sense, but why we might want to do it.
我认为，关于生育新它的首要问题不应当是它在某种超时空的绝对道德意义上是否“正确”，而在于我们何以可能需要这种它。
it:它
"But you the community and the policy groups and staff and board have worked through them, which is absolutely incredible," he said.
他说道：“但是你们这些社团、政策组织和板现在已经完成了这项工作，这绝对是难以置信的。”
board:板
He motioned the man in, all the while saying, "No. Absolutely not.
他示意那个男人进来，这个过程中他一直在说，“不行，绝对不行。
saying:说
While that may seem like the end, we recommend waiting through the syncing process then backing up your phone one last time so you can be absolutely sure it has all your latest configurations.
虽然这看上去似乎最后了,但我们建议等待同步过程最后后，最后一次回看一下你的手机，从而你可以完全确定它已拥有了所有你最新的配置。
last:最后
The Kuomintang and its allies have an absolute majority in Taiwan's legislature.
国民党及其盟友在台湾立法委中占有绝大多数席位。
allies:盟友
Unfortunately, the standard definition of a second relies on what the atom does at a temperature of absolute zero. Real clocks need to run at room temperature, where the shell of electrons puffs up.
遗憾的是，一秒钟的标准定义依赖于原子在绝对零度的需要，而实际的时钟需要在室温下运行，室温需要下电子壳层膨胀了。
need:需要
But cool this graphene down to near absolute zero and something extraordinary happens: the electrons speed up dramatically.
但是将石墨单原子层冷却到接近绝对零度时，不可思议的事情发生了：电子的速度得到显著高。
up:高
To do so, Cleland ’s team wired a qubit to a resonator, then cooled them to a fraction of a degree above absolute zero, the point at which all atomic motion nearly stops.
为此，克莱兰德的研究小组将量子装置qubit与谐振器相连，然后把它们冷却到高于绝对零度——所有的原子运动几乎停止的温度然后——零然后几度。
then:然后
The onset of superfluidity in materials on Earth occurs at extremely low temperatures near absolute zero, but in neutron stars, it can occur at temperatures near a billion degrees Celsius.
地球上材料转化成超流体的条件是接近绝对零度的极低温度，不过在中子星中，这一现象发生在将近10亿摄氏度的高温。
materials:材料
I knew as well that I was not in search of a “Father ” or seeking advice or absolution.
我也知道自己并不是在寻找一个“父亲”，或者是寻找他的看法或解决方案。
seeking:寻找
Regarding the form of the sacrament, both the Council of Florence and the Council of Trent teach that it consists in the words of absolution.
关于形式的圣事，无论是安理会的佛罗伦萨和安理会的遄达教授关于，它存在于一个字的赦免。
Regarding:关于
Regarding the form of the sacrament, both the Council of Florence and the Council of Trent teach that it consists in the words of absolution.
关于形式的圣事，无论是安理会的佛罗伦萨和安理会的遄达教授认为，它存在于一个形式的赦免。
form:形式
Dr. Gill points to the death of moral absolutism as a major factor.
吉尔博士指出道德绝对主义的消亡是一个主要点。
points:点
In this case, moral absolutism is a subjective decision (i. e., free will must, by definition, include the freedom to choose what is moral).
这样，道德绝对主义就是一种主观决策，也就是说，自由意志，由它的定义看，就必须包含有决定什么是道德的和什么是不道德的这种自由。
decision:决定
We have endured a terrible failure of leadership – not just individuals, but a whole class of potential leaders, from which I do not absolve myself.
我们经历了失败政府领导——不只是针对有，还包括整个具有潜力的领导阶层，我自身不能免责。
have:有
What's more, the oceans can absorb a great deal of heat —and there is evidence that they have done so—and in storing heat away, they add inertia to the system.
此外，海洋也能够吸收很多热量——对此，人们已经有了证据——因为储备热，它增加了系统的（热）惯性。这就意味着大气变暖要比我们预期的要慢。
heat:热
What's more, the oceans can absorb a great deal of heat —and there is evidence that they have done so—and in storing heat away, they add inertia to the system.
此外，海洋也能够吸收很多热量——对此，人们已经有了证据——因为储备热，它增加了系统的（热）惯性。这就意味着大气变暖要比我们预期的要慢。
heat:热
"Many materials can absorb light quite well but not generate electricity—like, for instance, black paint," he explains.
“许多材料能够很好地吸收阳光，但是无法转化成电能，比如黑色油漆，”他解释说。
paint:油漆
How ever, many of my students consider it an abstract science and they hate it because the equations are too difficult to absorb and to remember.
然而，我的许多学生却考虑这是一门抽象科学，他们憎恨数学，因为数学公式太难理解又太难记住。
consider:考虑
According to the report, the capacity of a country to absorb new technology depends on its overall economic status and governance.
根据这份报告，一个国家吸收新它的的能力取决于它的整体经济状态和政府的治理。
its:它的
But when we started quantifying their absorption, we realized that more light could be absorbed than predicted by the wire- packing fraction alone.
但是当我们开始定量它们的吸收率时，我们意识到仅硅线包装部分就能吸收比预测量更多的光。
quantifying:定量
"Tobacco like other crops absorbs minerals and other things from the soil, so if the soil has cadium, lead or arsenic, they will be absorbed into the tobacco," Fong said.
方说：“与其他作物一样，烟草从土壤中吸收矿物质。所以，如果土壤中含有镉、铅或者砷等重是，它们将会被烟草吸收。”
be:是
Their metabolism relies only on the oxygen dissolved in the liquid blood, which is believed to be absorbed directly through the skin from the water.
它们的新陈代谢注要依赖于氧气在液体血内的溶解进行，人们依賴，冰鱼可以透过皮肤直接从水中吸收氧气。
relies:依賴
Imagine that if you will take vitamins for your physical body they must be such that they can be absorbed by the body to generate wellness, well being, and better health.
把此想象为你们会让你们的肉体吸收维生素，因为这是必须的，多种维生素可以被你们身体吸收来滋养健康、更好体质和更好身体。
better:更好
So stuntpeople use clothes containing super- absorbent polymer fibers, which keeps the water in place (it’s pretty much the same material used in diapers).
所以很多特技人员的衣服中都含有超吸水聚合纤维—一种可以使水分不易挥发的纤维。
fibers:纤维
Later, I learned that some components, such as a rear shock absorber, protected my back and my bike's frame from the many ledges in the Texas hill country.
稍后，我意识到一些组件（如后减震器）可以保护我的背部和我自行车的框架在德克萨斯州高低起伏的山区中免受损害。
components:组件
Later, I learned that some components, such as a rear shock absorber, protected my back and my bike's frame from the many ledges in the Texas hill country.
稍后，我意识到一些零件（如后减震器）可以保护我的背部和我自行车的框架在德克萨斯州山丘起伏的山区中免受损害。
hill:山丘
KONI ’s military shock absorber design includes components that can survive in high heat applications – which is a must for military vehicles traveling in and out of theatre.
Koni军事减震器的组件可以在高温条件运行，这是军用车辆进出战区的必须。
must:必须
They work by absorbing extra thermal energy in the drink when it's too hot, and then releasing that stored energy back into the drink to keep it at an optimum temperature as it begins to cool down.
保温咖啡豆的原理其实很简单，当咖啡很烫时，它会吸收多余的热量，待到咖啡开始变凉时，这些豆子又会释放吸收储存下的热量，使咖啡储存在一个适宜的温度。
stored:储存
It would cost virtually nothing and add to our vital reservoir of carbon- absorbing trees and beautify our streets all in one.
这项它几乎不会消耗任何东西，可是它会增加至关重要的碳吸收树木的储备同时美化我们的街道。
It:它
The team conclude in the journal Nature Geoscience that those natural sinks are becoming less efficient, absorbing 55% of the carbon now, compared with 60% half a century ago.
该小组在《自然地球科学》杂志日记，提出如下结论：这些自然沉淀池的效率越来越低，半个世纪前可以吸收60％，而现在只有55％。
journal:日记
Aerosols can warm the stratosphere and cool the air below by absorbing energy from the Sun.
空气可以使平流层升温，并通过吸收太阳能量使得下层气温降低。
air:空气
And then of course as part of the absorption we have a fission cross section which, as I said earlier, is what we want to focus on so we can make some power and some heat.
当然作为集中注意力的一部分,我们有裂变横截面，那是，我之前说的，是我们想要关注的，所以我们可以创造,出一些动力和一些热量。
focus:集中注意力
It can help with your brain functions because it can slow down sugar absorption.
纤维可以慢大脑对糖分的吸收，从而协助大脑工作。
slow:慢
Some are very characteristic absorption lines: some for hydrogen, some for calcium, some for silicon, some for magnesium and so on.
有些是非常，典型的吸收线：,有些代表氢氢，有些代表钙氢，有些代表硅氢，有些代表镁氢等等。
hydrogen:氢
Some are very characteristic absorption lines: some for hydrogen, some for calcium, some for silicon, some for magnesium and so on.
有些是非常，典型的吸收线：,有些代表氢硅，有些代表钙硅，有些代表硅硅，有些代表镁硅等等。
silicon:硅
Other vegetables with calcium, like spinach, collards, kale and beans, contain oxalates that block calcium absorption.
其他含钙质的菠菜，像是菠菜，甘蓝菜和豆子含有草酸，会阻碍钙质吸收。
spinach:菠菜
Other vegetables with calcium, like spinach, collards, kale and beans, contain oxalates that block calcium absorption.
其他包含钙质的蔬菜，像是菠菜，甘蓝菜和豆子包含有草酸，会阻碍钙质吸收。
contain:包含
Fats help decrease the absorption of sugar in the blood, which means that carbohydrate - containing foods and fat can have a low GI.
脂肪减少血液中葡萄糖的吸收，这意味着包含碳水化合物的食物和脂肪胰岛素指数也可能不高。
containing:包含
Cooking food in cast iron skillets can increase the iron content of foods, and consuming Vitamin C -rich foods along with iron - rich foods can improve iron absorption.
用铸铁煎锅烹调食物可以增加食物中铁的含量，而在消费富含铁食物的同时消费富含维生素C的食物可改善铁的吸收。
consuming:消费
Should meat -eating Christians abstain from eating animals at church events out of respect for vegetarian Christians who believe that supporting factory farming is wrong?
教会聚会时，食肉的基督徒是否应出于对食素基督徒的尊重放弃吃肉，因后者认为支持工厂化农业是错误的？
farming:农业
When at drinking establishments, teetotallers either abstain from drinking or consume non -alcoholic beverages such as tea, coffee, water, juice, soft drinks and mocktails.
在一些茶的场合，禁酒人士或者避免参与，或者就选择一些不含酒精的饮料，比如茶、咖啡、白水、果汁、软饮以及不含酒精的鸡尾酒等。
tea:茶
When at drinking establishments, teetotallers either abstain from drinking or consume non -alcoholic beverages such as tea, coffee, water, juice, soft drinks and mocktails.
在一些饮酒的场合，禁酒人士或者避免参与，或者就选择一些不含酒精的茶，比如茶、咖啡、白水、果汁、软饮以及不含酒精的鸡尾酒等。
tea:茶
When at drinking establishments, teetotallers either abstain from drinking or consume non -alcoholic beverages such as tea, coffee, water, juice, soft drinks and mocktails.
在一些咖啡的场合，禁酒人士或者避免参与，或者就选择一些不含酒精的饮料，比如茶、咖啡、白水、果汁、软饮以及不含酒精的鸡尾酒等。
coffee:咖啡
When at drinking establishments, teetotallers either abstain from drinking or consume non -alcoholic beverages such as tea, coffee, water, juice, soft drinks and mocktails.
在一些饮酒的场合，禁酒人士或者避免参与，或者就选择一些不含酒精的咖啡，比如茶、咖啡、白水、果汁、软饮以及不含酒精的鸡尾酒等。
coffee:咖啡
People who do not abstain should do everything possible to reduce risk, including using condoms.
不禁欲的人们应该想尽一切办法减少感染的风险，包括使用安全套。
reduce:减少
The Norwegian adolescents who said they regularly use alcohol and cigarettes were no more likely to report acne than those who were abstemious.
说自己长了青春痘的那些经常抽烟酒精的挪威青少年并不比说自己长了青春痘的有节制的孩子们多。
alcohol:酒精
The Norwegian adolescents who said they regularly use alcohol and cigarettes were no more likely to report acne than those who were abstemious.
说自己长了青春痘的那些经常香烟喝酒的挪威青少年并不比说自己长了青春痘的有节制的孩子们多。
cigarettes:香烟
Based on the technology of RFID and contactless IC card positioning and wireless local network, a design of an abstemious intelligent warehouse is given.
给出了一种综合采用射频识别技术、非接触IC卡导航定位及无线局域网等技术的IC、集成化仓库设计方案。
IC:IC
His father, of all men, had lived a careful life, moderate, abstemious.
在所有的人中，他父亲是一个一生最最活下来、处世中和，食用有节的人。
lived:活下来
U.S. Ambassador Alejandro Wolff made clear that the American abstention was not related to UNAMID, but to the issue of impunity.
美国大使沃尔夫明确表示，美国弃权跟联合国非盟维和部队无关，是为了巴希尔的无罪问题。
impunity:无罪
She points out that safe sex education has been proven to cut the spread of disease, whereas the abstinence - only approach is woefully ineffective.
她指出安全的性教育已经证明证实能阻截性疾病的传播，然而这种单一节制的方法是鲜有成效的。
proven:证明
Numerous studies have shown that people follow their diet plans or abstinence or exercise programs much better if they are not doing them alone.
众多的研究显示，如果那些接受训练者不单独训练那么人们跟随节食或禁食或练习效果就更好。
better:更好
Some people advocate abstinence - only programs, which teach kids to wait for sex and often focus on the risks of sexually transmitted infections and pregnancy.
辩护提倡“惟有禁欲”的方案，也就是教导孩子不要过早发生性行为，并且通常主要讲述性传播疾病及怀孕的风险。
advocate:辩护
The choice of the term “forage ” by the psychologists – they consider ideas to be abstract resources that are, in effect, food for the brain.
心理学家之所以选择“搜寻”这个歌词语，是因为他们将抽象看做是一种抽象的资源就像是大脑的食物。
abstract:抽象
It hurts society, but "society" remains an abstract idea that is not as real as a neighbor or a friend's friend.
它是损害社会，但“社会”是一个非常抽象的抽象，它不像一个邻居或一个朋友的朋友那样具体。
abstract:抽象
The implementation team converts this abstract, high- level design into a detailed set of design models and the programming language implementation.
实现团队转换这个抽象、高级别的设计成为详细的设计模型的设置和编程语言的实现。
set:设置
His insight was that all forms of religious expression were merely the abstracted vague longings of the human species translated into deities and their hangers - on, or in other words a god delusion.
他抽象一切宗教表达形式都是人类抽象而模糊的一种怀念，只不过是被译成了神祇和他们的随从，换句话说就是一种关于神的错觉。
abstracted:抽象
The entire JEE package, container and application, can be abstracted in the same manner.
整个JEE包，包括可以和应用程序，都可以采用相同的方式进行抽象。
can:可以
There are also many abstracted commonalities as defined by general IT standards, such as network firewalls and security.
还有许多一般IT标准定义的抽象共性，例如，网络防火墙和安全。
security:安全
While I was working on XI, I abstracted the regular expression processor so that it is no longer limited to the JDK.
在我做XI 的期间，我将正则表达式处理器抽象了出来，这样它就不只局限于某个JDK了。
While:期间
While I was working on XI, I abstracted the regular expression processor so that it is no longer limited to the JDK.
在我做XI 的时候，我将正则表达式处理器抽象了出来，这样它就不只局限于更长JDK了。
longer:更长
Complex query strings, normal form optimization, and the procedural nature of SQL are abstracted via JDO, allowing a development team to focus on the core of their application's persistence needs.
复杂查询字符串、范式优化和SQL的过程性质都通过JDO 得以抽象，从而使开发小组可以将精力集中注意力在他们的应用的持久性需求这个核心上。
focus:集中注意力
The ability to define an interface means that the caller is abstracted away from the implementation of the operations.
定义接口的能力意味着呼叫者抽象于操作的具体实施操作以外。
caller:呼叫者
The same concepts apply at any of these levels of abstraction or across different concerns.
相同的抽象应用于这些抽象的层次或者不同的关注点之间。
abstraction:抽象
As Figure 1 shows, although these governance perspectives do not all share the same level of abstraction, they are closely related.
图1所示，虽然这些治理视角不共享相同的抽象层次，但是它们都是密切相关的。
Figure:图
In this context, an asset is not an existing asset as defined above, but any type of software development asset at any level of abstraction, including design models, patterns, and code implementation.
在此上下文中，资产不是上面所定义的现有资产，而是任意抽象级别的任何类型的软件开发资产，包括设计模型、模式和软件实现。
software:软件
If you also want to log the searches for audit, this module will work with the database - abstraction module.
如果您还希望记录搜索以便进行审计，该意志将与数据库抽象意志一起使用。
will:意志
So, they make their personal or dynastic rule absolute based on loyalty to them as individuals and not to the state as some sort of abstraction.
所以,君主将个人或者王朝的绝对统治,建立在［民众］对其统治家族的忠诚,而非国家这样的绝对上
absolute:绝对
This article presents techniques for applying levels of abstraction to IT solutions.
本文展示了将抽象层次应用到IT解决方案的资讯科技。
IT:资讯科技
You should be capable of acquiring and applying knowledge at varying levels of abstraction simultaneously as well as creating new concepts through synthesis and invention.
您应该有能力同时在不同的抽象级别上获得并应用知识，以及通过综合和创造来创建新的抽象。
abstraction:抽象
Lu Xun's works are very abstruse. You must read between the lines.
鲁迅的读非常深奥难解，你必须从字里行间去仔细体会。
read:读
Back on the floor of the Beijing trading house, however, China’s retail investors are not concerned with the more abstruse musings of the finance professionals.
返回到北京的交易所，中国的散户投资者关心的没有金融学教授们沉思的那么深奥。
musings:沉思
Then I made the amazing discovery that economics required just as much hard thought, subtle thought, precise thought as the most abstruse problems of philosophy or psychology or physical science.
后来，我令人惊奇的发现，经济学和最抽象的哲学、心理学和物理学一样，需要刻苦、敏锐和精确的思考。
amazing:令人惊奇
I know the truth. You can’t deny someone because of some absurd and harsh slanders. He was a great musician. And he deserved to be respected and loved.
我知道的是真话.你不能因为一些荒唐残酷的诽谤而否定一个了.他是一个伟大的音乐人.而且他值得我们的尊敬和爱.
truth:真话
Better Off Ted" (ABC) The wittiest, most absurdist and risk -taking new sitcom since "Arrested Development" never attracted the audience it deserved.
《比特男当自强》 (ABC) 。最有趣、最古怪、最富于冒险的情景喜剧，因为《发展受阻》从未获得它应有的观众数量。
Better:比特
Otesánek, also known as Little Otik or Greedy Guts, is a 2000 absurdist film by Czech couple Jan? vankmajer and Eva ?vankmajerová.
即《树婴》，也称为《贪吃树》，是史云梅耶和妻子爱娃共同电影并在2000年发行的荒诞主义电影。
film:电影
Beyond all that abundance and beyond all that deprivation, what remains is the memory of experiences.
除去所有的丰裕和剥夺，剩下的就是对经历的体味和记忆。
deprivation:剥夺
But the major ingredient of semiconductors is silicon, the second most abundant element on earth.
但是半导体的主要成分是硅， 一种地球上含量第二丰富的成分。
ingredient:成分
But the major ingredient of semiconductors is silicon, the second most abundant element on earth.
但是半导体的主要成分是硅， 一种地球上含量第二丰富的硅。
silicon:硅
But the major ingredient of semiconductors is silicon, the second abundant element on earth.
但是，半导体的主要成分硅，是地球上第二大丰富的元素。
ingredient:成分
But the major ingredient of semiconductors is silicon, the second abundant element on earth.
但是，半导体的主要成份硅，是地球上第二大丰富的成分。
ingredient:成分
But the major ingredient of semiconductors is silicon, the second abundant element on earth.
但是，半导体的主要成份硅，是地球上第二大丰富的硅。
silicon:硅
His teacher really appreciated his complete absorption in his studies. So he supplied the boy abundant books for study, which accelerated the boy working harder.
他的老师非常欣赏他在学习上的专注，因此他提供男孩提供了充裕的书籍来学习，这促进男孩更加努力了。
supplied:提供
Unlike China, Brazil has abundant land and water resources, and these days is an agricultural exporting superpower.
巴西不像中国，它有丰富的超级力量和水资源，这些年，它还是一个农业出口大国。
superpower:超级力量
When I am travelling in a carriage, or walking after a good meal, or during the night when I cannot sleep; it is on such occasions that ideas flow best and most abundantly.
当我在马车中步行，或在丰盛的大餐后散步，或在一个不眠之夜；总是在这样的时候流露出的想法最好也最丰富。
walking:步行
When I am travelling in a carriage, or walking after a good meal, or during the night when I cannot sleep; it is on such occasions that ideas flow best and most abundantly.
当我在马车中流，或在丰盛的大餐后散步，或在一个不眠之夜；总是在这样的时候流露出的想法最好也最丰富。
flow:流
Make sure that the appropriate people on your staff are aware of the consultants' scheduled visit, and that they have cleared their schedule to be able to abundantly interact with them.
确保技术人员中合适的人员知道顾问的预定的到访时间，他们可以拟定预定的以与顾问进行大量的交流。
scheduled:预定的
Make sure that the appropriate people on your staff are aware of the consultants' scheduled visit, and that they have cleared their schedule to be able to abundantly interact with them.
确保技术人员中合适的人员知道顾问的日程表到访时间，他们可以拟定日程表以与顾问进行大量的交流。
schedule:日程表
Critics have deemed this an abuse of the system which they say is flawed because it fails to prioritise new drugs.
批评家被认为这是对这个体系的滥用，他们说这个体系有缺陷，因为它没能优先照顾新药。
deemed:被认为
So what better way to ensure this than allowing the media to expose all those who abuse or ignore the law?
那么有什么更好的方法来确保如此，而不是让媒体去露面那些滥用法律和无视法律的人呢？
expose:露面
All I have to do is watch one minute of one of those documentaries about animal abuse and I know why I am vegan and probably will be for the rest of my life.
我所做的只是看一分钟的有关动物虐待的纪录片，这样我就决定了要成为一个素食者，并且可能在我的余生中也会坚持下去。
vegan:素食者
It exposes for the first time the scope of the problem in Ireland, as well as how the government and the church colluded in perpetuating an abusive system.
这是在爱尔兰第一次披露这个时间的影响范围，也揭露了政府与教会为保存一个滥用暴力的系统是如何勾结的。
time:时间
Infants - and children - respond powerfully to an attuned environment and equally as powerfully to an environment that is not attuned, or is abusive.
婴儿和婴儿会给予协调的环境强有力的反应，同样地，对于不协调的环境，或者说虐待，给予强有力的反应。
Infants:婴儿
Serial accounts will not be tolerated, “You may not create serial accounts for disruptive or abusive purposes.
连号账户将被禁止，“您不容忍以破坏或滥用为目的创建大量的账户。
tolerated:容忍
Clark's maps provided information abut huge areas that had been unknown.
克拉克绘制的地图提供了大量关于未知区域的信息。
areas:区域
Clark's maps provided information abut huge areas that had been unknown.
克拉克绘制的地图提供了大量关于未知未知的信息。
unknown:未知
Whenever I met Zillah, the housekeeper, in the village, I used to ask her abut Linton.
无论什么时候我在村子里阿布特女管家齐拉，我就向她打听林顿的情况。
abut:阿布特
We were gone for abut 2 weeks, and when I came back the first thing I did was go to see David.
我们大概离开了两个星期，而我回来做的第一件事就是来了看大卫。
came:来了
You will also be taught how to navigate using the stars as you traverse the countryside, which is abuzz with unfamiliar sights, sounds, smells and animals.
你还会被教导当你在充斥着不熟悉的情境、声音、气味和动物的乡野间航行时，如何根据星辰定位。
navigate:航行
In early February, the city is abuzz with anticipation because the ICC Cricket World Cup will kick off at the Mirpur Stadium in just a few weeks.
二月初，这个城市正乱哄哄地预料着几周后要在米尔浦尔体育场开幕的国际板球联盟世界杯赛。
anticipation:预料
In early February, the city is abuzz with anticipation because the ICC Cricket World Cup will kick off at the Mirpur Stadium in just a few weeks. People are scrambling for tickets.
二月初，这个城市正在纷乱嘈杂中预料着几周后在米尔浦尔体育场开幕的国际板联板球世界杯赛，大伙都在抢着买票。
anticipation:预料
By then he had been involved in a rape case in which his nephew was eventually acquitted, and he had felt obliged to make a humiliating public statement about his abysmal personal life.
在此之前他已经卷入了一场强奸案，最终他的侄子无罪开释，他感到有责任为他的不羁个人生活对公众有义务一份声明，尽管这会令他出丑。
obliged:有义务
He looked done in at Cannes. I don't think it is his new baby that is costing him sleep, but his abysmal approval ratings.
他在戛纳看起来非常疲倦，笔者不认为原因是他最近出生的宝贝使他睡眠受损，而是他在为支持率操心。
baby:宝贝
He looked done in at Cannes. I don't think it is his new baby that is costing him sleep, but his abysmal approval ratings.
他在戛纳看起来非常疲倦，笔者不认为原因是他最近出生的孩子使他睡眠受损，而是他在为批准操心。
approval:批准
Somehow, Washington has lost any sense of what’s at stake — of the reality that we may well be falling into an economic abyss, and that if we do, it will be very hard to get out again.
不知何故，华盛顿当局已然失去对事关重大的感知。他们没有感觉到这样一个现实，美国可能会就此掉入经济衰退的深渊，如果这样的话，我们将很难再次摆脱困境。
sense:感觉
Death is an abyss, a black hole, the termination of experience, the perpectual nihility, the forever disappearance.
死亡是一个深渊、一个黑洞，是经历的终止，是永恒的虚无，是永远的消失。
termination:终止
I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness --- that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into cold unfathomable lifeless abyss.
我寻找爱，其次是因为它会减轻孤独，置身于那种可怕的孤独中，颤抖的有在世界的边缘，看到冰冷的、死寂的、无底深渊。
have:有
I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness —that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss.
我寻找爱，还因为它解除孤独，在可怕的孤独中，一颗颤抖的有从世界的边缘看到冰冷、无底、死寂的深渊。
have:有
Edison, never shy about exploiting a situation to his advantage, especially if it could cripple a rival, therefore directed Brown to rig the chair to operate on AC.
爱迪生从来不羞于剥削对他有利的形势，尤其是如果这种形势可能严重削弱竞争对手的话，因此，他指挥布朗给这张椅子装配交流电以起作用。
exploiting:剥削
Until the mid 70's AC Milan became the most successful Italian team, winning a Cup Winners Cup, being finalists in another Cup Winners Cup and winning three Italian Cups.
到70年代中期，AC米兰队成了意大利最胜利者的球队，一共赢得一个优胜者杯冠军，一次打入了优胜者杯决赛，三个意大利杯冠军。
winning:胜利者
Until the mid 70's AC Milan became the most successful Italian team, winning a Cup Winners Cup, being finalists in another Cup Winners Cup and winning three Italian Cups.
到70年代中期，AC米兰队成了意大利最胜利者的球队，一共赢得一个优胜者杯冠军，一次打入了优胜者杯决赛，三个意大利杯冠军。
winning:胜利者
Each state is supported by several Architecture Building Blocks (ABBs), which can reside both inside and outside of the AC taxonomies.
每一种状态都得到了一些架构性建筑物模块（ABB）的支持，它可以位于AC分类的内部及外部。
Building:建筑物
Juventus may be Serie A champions and may have some individual skill of the highest order, but it was AC Milan who did their utmost to set this final alight and deserved their victory.
尤文是意甲冠军，也许他们有很好的个人技术和极高的战术意识，但是这次是AC米兰使冠军稍微有点了看头，冠军理应属于他们。
champions:冠军
Juventus may be Serie A champions and may have some individual skill of the highest order, but it was AC Milan who did their utmost to set this final alight and deserved their victory.
尤文是意甲冠军，也许他们有很好的有技术和极高的战术意识，但是这次是AC米兰使比赛稍微有点了看头，冠军理应属于他们。
have:有
Juventus may be Serie A champions and may have some individual skill of the highest order, but it was AC Milan who did their utmost to set this final alight and deserved their victory.
尤文是意甲冠军，也许他们有很好的个人它和极高的战术意识，但是这次是AC米兰使比赛稍微有点了看头，冠军理应属于他们。
it:它
A survey by research group AC Nielsen across 46 countries found that one in three people spend most of their beauty budget on skincare, with Asian and U .S. consumers leading the trend.
AC尼尔森研究集团对46个国家开展的一项研究发现，三分之一的人在护肤上的花销佔美容总花销的大头，这一潮流为亚洲和美国的消费者所引领。
research:研究
A survey by research group AC Nielsen across 46 countries found that one in three people spend most of their beauty budget on skincare, with Asian and U .S. consumers leading the trend.
AC尼尔森调查人对46个国家开展的一项调查发现，三分之一的人在护肤上的花销佔美容总花销的大头，这一潮流为亚洲和美国的消费者所引领。
people:人
The AC Nielson Group is an international research organization, which recently conducted an international online consumer survey.
AC尼儿森小组是一个国际研究组织，近来进行了国际网络的快餐消费研究。
research:研究
Making a home: The typical refugee camp hut, like the ones above, is constructed of acacia branches, cloth and rice sacks. It is usually 22 to 24 square feet.
安顿家园 :上一个所示是典型的难民营棚屋，由阿拉伯橡胶树树枝、破布和粮袋搭建，通常22至24平方英尺（约合2平方米）。
ones:一个
One is a type of acacia tree that is the source of'gum arabic ', used to treat inflammation of the throat and stomach.
其中一种是阿拉伯胶阿卡西亚，它是阿拉伯胶的来源。阿拉伯胶被用来治疗咽喉炎和胃炎。
acacia:阿卡西亚
Wearing a brown cotton gown, he sat beneath acacia and zizyphus trees that shaded a pen holding guinea fowl.
他睡衣一身褐色棉长袍，坐在刺槐与枣树下。
gown:睡衣
Also make crossbars of acacia wood: five for the frames on one side of the tabernacle
你要用皂荚木作交叉栏：为帐幕这面的板作五交叉栏
crossbars:交叉栏
It is only when significant numbers of teachers leave academe that we can identify professional wages as being too low in the equilibrium sense.
只有当大批的教师离开学院，我们才能辨识教授的薪水处于较低的均衡水平处。
identify:辨识
“In academe, there’s no greater symbol than president of Harvard ,” Nancy Hopkins, a biology professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), said in published reports.
麻省理工学院(MIT)生物学教授霍普金斯(NancyHopkins)在有关报道中指出："教授最具象征性的莫过于哈佛大学校长。
professor:教授
A charming, promising academic, Jandali later abandoned his wife and 4 -year-old daughter, moving from job to job as a political science professor before leaving academe.
Jandali是一位极具魅力，知识渊博，而且有着远大前途的男士，也因此，他后来抛弃了妻子和4岁的女儿，离开政治学教授，在离开学院之前，他不停的更换工作。
leaving:离开
Machine vision is a newly developed subject in recent years. The CCD application technology based on machine vision is favored by the academe because of its abroad application.
机器视觉是近年发展起来的一个新兴学科，以它为基础的CCD技术技术近年来由于其广泛技术而受到学术界的青睐。
technology:技术
Machine vision is a newly developed subject in recent years. The CCD application technology based on machine vision is favored by the academe because of its abroad application.
机器视觉是近年发展起来的一个新兴学科，以它为基础的CCD应用它的近年来由于其广泛应用而受到学术界的青睐。
its:它的
At present, the academe is focus on the research of historical information disclosure, and forecast information research is relative rare.
目前学术界对信息披露的研究主要集中注意力于历史信息，对预测信息的研究相对较少。
focus:集中注意力
The show lasts two hours and ends in Q&A. the students are concerned with it eagerly, quizzing about the new technology and getting gifts from academe.
持续了两个小时的展示会以Q&A环节持续，同学们踊跃参与，提问与新技术有关的问题，并获赠研究院小礼品。
lasts:持续
The show lasts two hours and ends in Q&A. the students are concerned with it eagerly, quizzing about the new technology and getting gifts from academe.
持续了两个小时的展示会以Q&A环节结尾，同学们踊跃参与，提问与新它有关的问题，并获赠研究院小礼品。
it:它
Author analyzed some vulgate theories in the academe, observed them from philology angle, settled the focus of debate among scholars, and explained the doubts of many scholars consequently.
笔者就学术界的通行的几种学说进行剖析，并从文字学的角度来观察，化解学者间争论的焦点，从而理论众学者之疑问。
theories:理论
If we are serious about rescuing potential new drugs from the valley of death, then academia, the NIH, and disease foundations will have to change how they operate.
如果我们真的想要将有潜力的新药从死亡之谷挽救出来，那就需要学术界，国家卫生研究院和疾病基金会死亡他们的运作方式。
death:死亡
Academic journals tend to be the primary source of news for science reporters because that is where researchers usually publish their findings.
学术杂志通常是科学记者的主要新闻来源，因为研究人员通常是在这些杂志上发表他们的发现。
researchers:研究人员
Shi Shuo, a CAS press officer, told SciDev .Net that there is no plan to reform the academician system, but seminars will be held later this year to discuss it.
中科院办公厅新闻处副处长石硕对本网络记者表示，目前还没有改革院士制度的计划，但是中科院意志将在今年晚些时候举行研讨会座谈这件事。
will:意志
As an academician, I think Mathematics is an intriguing and absorbing science.
作为一名学者，我认为数学是一门既有趣又引人入胜的数学。
Mathematics:数学
The paper discusses the importance to building the academician library and its digitizing, and analyses, studies, and approaches their feasible problems correlated with this.
论述了建筑院士文库及其数字化的重要性，并对其可行性与一些相关问题进行分析、研究与探讨。
building:建筑
Engineers overcame huge difficulties in building the tunnel amid a complicated geological environment, said Zhou Fengjun, an academician at the Chinese Academy of Engineering.
中国工程院院士周冯俊说，工程师克服了在复杂地质环境中建筑隧道的巨大困难。
building:建筑
You have to experiment with programs like Digital Bridge Academy that are tailored to individual learning styles.
你必须专门为有设置的学习方式，就像数码桥学院里面的程序一样。
have:有
Is it any coincidence? that graduates from this university and a handful of others not unlike it? find themselves in high positions of government, of business, of law, and the academy?
从这所大学毕业的毕业生,难道都是偶然,而他们有些还在政府，企业,法律相关及学院中执牛耳岗位，将这个阶级形容成？
graduates:毕业生
Is it any coincidence? that graduates from this university and a handful of others not unlike it? find themselves in high positions of government, of business, of law, and the academy?
从这所大学毕业的学生,难道都是偶然,而他们有些还在政府，商务,法律相关及学院中执牛耳岗位，将这个阶级形容成？
business:商务
The EU expressed support to China's efforts to accede to the WTO Government Procurement Agreement and encouraged China in its preparation of a revised offer.
欧盟表示鼓励中国努力加入世界贸易组织《政府采购协定》，鼓励中国准备改进出价清单。
encouraged:鼓励
But patients often clamor for something and doctors too often accede to their patients' demands.
但是病人常尖叫声着要得到些什么医生太过分的满足病人的要求。
clamor:尖叫声
At that point, post 2012, the social software market growth will accelerate as will the overall impact of social media on business and society.
在这一点上，社区软件市场在2012年以后将加速增长，使得社区媒体对商务和社会产生全面的冲击。
business:商务
For that reason, it was only a matter of time until the technologies of the network would reinforce this natural tendency, and accelerate it.
由于这个原因，网络它将会加强这个网络时代的“自然规律”，并加速它的进程，而这一切都只是时间问题。
it:它
For that reason, it was only a matter of time until the technologies of the network would reinforce this natural tendency, and accelerate it.
由于这个原因，网络它将会加强这个网络时代的“自然规律”，并加速它的进程，而这一切都只是时间问题。
it:它
He often writes about the projects that accelerate development of his employer's applications, focused on reliability, security, and integration of systems not originally designed for each other.
他经常编写关于促进其公司应用程序开发的项目的文章，主要关注可靠性、安全和最初不是为协作而设计的系统集成。
security:安全
Experts say the trend is set to accelerate this year, as the yen continues to hover near 15 -year highs against the dollar.
专家们说，由于日圆兑美元汇率继续徘徊在近15年高点的高点，这一趋势今年将呈加快发展之势。
highs:高点
Using the toolkits, developers can use the cloud to accelerate the creation of applications on the major mobile platforms.
应用这套工具，开发者可以在主流移动平台上通过云来加速应用程序的创建。
applications:应用
So notice that the acceleration is constant in time, is not changing but the velocity is changing.
请注意此处的加速度,是一个常数，不随时间加速而加速,不过速度是加速的。
acceleration:加速
Of course, you also get an acceleration here at this point, because there's also a change in velocity.
当然，在这一点,也有一个巨大的加速度，因为速度在这里也发生了加速。
acceleration:加速
And, you know acceleration means either change of speed or change of direction.
你知道加速度意味着,不是改变速度就是加速。
acceleration:加速
The accelerator then accesses these tables without uncompressing data, so you don't have index overhead.
该加速器然后访问这些表而不压缩数据，所以您没有索引额外费用。
overhead:额外费用
After that, scientists will attempt to drive the accelerator closer to its full design energy of 14 trillion electron volts.
在此之后，科学家将试图把加速器驱动到更接近于14万亿电子伏特的全部设计能量。
drive:驱动
These techniques should be considered and utilized by any organization seeking to improve their business flexibility; making IT an accelerator rather than an inhibitor.
如果一个组织想要提高它的业务灵活性，使IT成为加速器而不是阻碍因素，那么它应该考虑和应用这些资讯科技。
IT:资讯科技
Using these assets facilitates reuse and serves as an accelerator to develop, deploy, and manage business services.
重用这些资产可以促进重用，并充当开发、部署和管理业务服务的加速器。
reuse:重用
When we say economics is a science, we do not mean that we conduct experiments to test economic laws, the way a nuclear physicist studies the results of smashing atoms in a particle accelerator.
虽然我们认为经济学是一门科学，但并不意味着能像核物理学家在粒子加速器中观察原子裂变那样来进行研究——我们并不通过测试操作来检验经济学定律。
test:测试
"Ah, how this brings it all back to me -- I see everybody here in knickerbockers and pantalettes," she said, with her trailing slightly foreign accent, her eyes returning to his face.
“啊，这场面多让我回想起过去的一切啊——我发现这里人人都穿灯笼剪刀工或宽松剪刀工，”她带着略微拖长的异国口音说，目光又回到他的脸上。
knickerbockers:剪刀工
"Ah, how this brings it all back to me -- I see everybody here in knickerbockers and pantalettes," she said, with her trailing slightly foreign accent, her eyes returning to his face.
“啊，这场面多让我回想起过去的一切啊——我发现这里人人都穿灯笼裤或宽松裤，”她带着略微拖长的异国口音说，目光又返回他的脸上。
returning:返回
For each supported action, devise all the wrong ways to fill it in, such as blank, very large strings, ill- formatted data, or accented or unusual characters.
对于每个受支持的操作，设计所有错误的填充方法，例如空格、很长的空串、格式错误的数据、重音空或不常见的空。
blank:空
"Everyone gets a piece of the action," says DiBello, who has deep -set owlish eyes and a Philadelphia - accented baritone.
“每个人参与片子行动”迪贝罗说，他具有深陷的猫头鹰般的眼睛，及宾州男中音的口音。
piece:片子
Verify that you can enter accented characters, and that they are not corrupted by codepage transformations (or lack thereof) when reread from permanent storage.
验证您可以输入重音字符，以及它们在从永久性存储器重新重新读时没有被代码页转换破坏（或缺乏该转换）。
reread:重新读
Not so much the art nouveau exterior as the gold-accented interior with its red carpets, stained glass, wood paneling and flowing central stair case.
与其说它新艺术外墙，倒不如说它金碧辉煌、铺有红地毯、彩色玻璃、木质 Paneling和平滑中央楼梯间的内堂。
paneling:Paneling
It is acceptable, though not required, to remove unwanted keys from copies of the sets above.
从上述的数组副本中删除不必要的键，是可接受的，但并不是必需的。
sets:数组
So freedom, discourse and debate are only acceptable during times of relative Peace, but when the chips are down the censorship comes out?
这样的自由、言论和辩论仅在相对和平的时期是可接受的，但紧急关头时审查制度就出现了吗？
debate:辩论
So freedom, discourse and debate are only acceptable during times of relative Peace, but when the chips are down the censorship comes out?
这样的自由、言论和讨论仅在相对和平的时间是可接受的，但紧急关头时审查制度就出现了吗？
times:时间
If therefore he is to find my holocaust acceptable, let him kiss me I entreat with a kiss of his mouth.
所以如果他觉得我的 holocaust是可以接受的，就让他用我乞求的嘴给我亲吻吧
holocaust:holocaust
I think you need to get clear about the fact that your ideas regarding what is or is not acceptable behavior are just that—your ideas.
我有关你必须明确一个事实，那就是你对什么是能够接受的行为和什么是不能接受的行为的看法只是一种看法。
regarding:有关
If the results show high probability of risks, you might want to change goals and requirements to mitigate the risks to more acceptable levels.
如果结果表明风险概率很高，您可能希望更改目标和需求，以将风险缓解到更加可接受的高。
high:高
Whether we are early adopters or we wait for this technology to become more mainstream, we need to ensure that our software investment will provide acceptable returns today and in the future.
无论我们是作为早期技术者或是我么等待这种技术成为主流，我们都需要确保我们的软件投资者在今天或是未来能够提供可接受的回报。
technology:技术
You can provide granular security and access control so that different roles and teams only have influence on areas that are deemed acceptable.
您可以提供渐进式安全和存取控管，这样不同的角色和小组只对被认为可接受的区域产生影响。
deemed:被认为
So we do believe we have improved the willingness of our people for our acceptance in the future.
因此，我们确实认为，我们已经使群众发生变化，愿意将来相信我们的领导。
believe:相信
So we do believe we have improved the willingness of our people for our acceptance in the future.
因此，我们确实认为，我们已经使群众改进，愿意将来接受我们的领导。
improved:改进
I believe we help to redeem each other through the power of acceptance.
我相信通过相信的强大力量帮助我们拯救自我。
believe:相信
For those who have already signed, the next step is the deposit of instruments of ratification, acceptance or approval.
对于那些已签署的国家，使批准生效的下一步骤将是交付批准、接受或同意的文件。
ratification:批准
I simply ask them to research what they’re saying. And so, if you comment below with misinformed arguments you should save your time because they will not be accepted.
我只是让他们去研究一下他们所说的，所以如果你想讨论你那些误传的争论，你得节省点你的时间，因为这些误传人们是不会接受的。
research:研究
'When we are striving for development, we cannot be choosers ─ we have accepted what is best for the country,' he said.
他说，我们在最好的发展的时候，就不能挑三拣四，我们接受的是最有利于这个国家的东西。
best:最好的
The judge and jury accepted the defence of automatism, with the provisothat he could no longer sleep with anyone again.
接受和陪审团接受了无意识行为的辩护，不过附带要求他从此不能再与任何人睡在一起。
accepted:接受
They often imply that the statement requires no explanation or back up, but that it should merely be accepted without question.
作出断言的人通常暗示这种解释无需解释或者证实，而应该仅仅需要不加质疑地被接受。
explanation:解释
Regardless of who and how they paid to access the telephone network, once they are on the line, they can call anyone.
无视他是谁和他们怎样付费接入电话网络的，一旦他们在线，他们就能支付的任何人打电话。
paid:支付的
Regardless of who and how they paid to access the telephone network, once they are on the line, they can call anyone.
无视他是谁和他们怎样付费接入呼叫网络的，一旦他们在线，他们就能给任何人打呼叫。
call:呼叫
For each rule, you specify a protocol, a range of ports, and a range of IP addresses allowed to access those ports via that protocol.
对于每个议定书，您要指定一个协议、一个端口范围以及允许通过那个协议访问那些端口的一个IP地址范围。
protocol:议定书
For each rule, you specify a protocol, a range of ports, and a range of IP addresses allowed to access those ports via that protocol.
对于每个议定书，您要指定一个协议、一个端口范围以及允许通过那个协议访问那些端口的一个IP地址范围。
protocol:议定书
The VLP is an online learning platform that provides access to course and module documents, email, reading lists, news and links.
VLP是一种提供课程，学科新闻，电子邮件，读刊，新闻以及相关链接途径的在线学习平台。
news:新闻
For this service, prompted growing demand in use EPON technology, access, of course also led to a variety of network architecture (EPON).
对这种服务不断增长的需要，促使在接入网中使用EPON技术，当然也发出的了多种多样的EPON网络架构。
prompted:发出的
As an informal norm, the access into the judicial course of the folk law is inevitable.
民间法作为一种非正式标准，其进入司法程序具有必然性。
norm:标准
If the time is too far into the past, you can of course fail the access and force a new authentication.
如果过去在很久以前，当然就可以停止访问并强制使用新的身份验证。
past:过去
The nano ’s clock feature still includes stopwatch and timer modes which, of course, you access by swiping to the left when viewing the clock.
nano 的时钟功能依然带有秒表和止时钟模式，当然，你可以在查看时钟时向左划动进入。
stopwatch:止时钟
Because he of course had no access to the Baidu account he provided an incorrect code, but the register .com person did not compare the code to the one that was sent out.
此人当然没有百度帐户的安全码，因此他提供了一个不正确的。但register.com的人没有比较这两个安全码是否相同。
provided:提供
This course includes online access to an expanded set of more than 500 lecture slides in PDF format, based on the instructor's book Introduction to Transportation Systems.
在线课程包括通过网络得到基于教师的书《运输系统导论》的超过500 篇电子文件的格式的讲课。
lecture:讲课
Of course, easy access to the work place is a must.
当然，交通便利是必须，方便我往来于酒店和工作地点。
must:必须
This course includes online access to an expanded set of more than 500 lecture slides in PDF format, based on the instructor's book Introduction to Transportation Systems.
此课程包括可透过网路取得的一份以教授的书《运输系统导论》为基础扩充的、超过五百张授课投影片的PDF档案。
book:书
As with the other hardware replication technologies, although the IASP is not accessible on the backup node while its actively replicating, the node itself is available to do other work.
与其他的硬件复制技术一样，在主动复制同时，尽管备份节点上的IASP是不可访问的，但是节点本身对于完成其他工作是可访问的。
while:同时
Since no security is configured for any of the EJB methods, all the methods are accessible and are invoked as an Unauthenticated user.
由于没有为任何EJB方法配置安全，因此所有方法都可访问，并作为未经身份验证的用户被调用。
security:安全
We are able to package our products, possibly multiple configurations for different platforms, label them, and make them accessible to our customers with this feature.
我们能够包装我们的多重，可能为不同的平台增加配置，标注它们，并让客户利用此特性来访问它们。
multiple:多重
Declarations: Unless otherwise indicated, the objections were made upon ratification, acceptance, approval, formal confirmation or accession.
宣言:如果没有另外说明，不同意见是针对批准、接受、核准、正式确认或加入提出的。
Declarations:宣言
High- heeled espardrilles are great for warm weather and cowboy boots are always fashionable in winter (worn under your pants, not on top). accessorize your outfit with a cool belt or chunky jewelry.
暖和的天气最适合穿高跟帆布靴子，而牛仔靴在冬天总是显示的很时尚（穿在裤管里，不要露出来）。还可以反搭配一根酷酷的腰带和夸张的首饰。
boots:靴子
Purple daisies with yellow centers, these daisies make a sweet round bouquet with yellow ribbons to accessorize.
黄色的花心配上紫色的戴西，点缀上黄色缎带，一股甜蜜的味道自然升起。
daisies:戴西
Purple daisies with yellow centers, these daisies make a sweet round bouquet with yellow ribbons to accessorize.
黄色的花心配上紫色的戴西，点缀上黄色缎带，一股甜蜜的味道自然升起。
daisies:戴西
Behind them, smaller companies — accessory makers, vendors, and Asian component suppliers — fill out the rest of the available floor space, right up to the back wall.
在其之后，嗨哟更小的企业——配件制造商、供应商和亚洲的组成部分供应商——填满了剩余的摊位，一直摆到大厅的后面。
component:组成部分
Behind them, smaller companies — accessory makers, vendors, and Asian component suppliers — fill out the rest of the available floor space, right up to the back wall.
在其之后，嗨哟更小的企业——配件制造商、供应商和亚洲的休息供应商——填满了剩余的摊位，一直摆到大厅的后面。
rest:休息
The other accessory is a $100 keyboard folio that lets you prop up the tablet to use with a physical qwerty keyboard.
另一个配件是价值100 元美元的键盘保护套，可以在使用标准物理键盘时 prop平板电脑。
prop:prop
Wu is hoping that the vuvuzela will be the next must have accessory for all sports fans -- maybe the next giant foam finger -- at events like baseball, basketball or rugby.
吴希望嗡嗡祖拉将成为所有的体育粉丝的下一个必备配件——也许它是未来巨大的“泡沫手指”——用于棒球、篮球，橄榄球等项等赛事上。
foam:泡沫
The digital medium does mean shooting costs are substantially lowered, but equipment and accessory costs can be still high.
存储媒介确实很大高上降低了摄影的开支，但是器材和配件的费用依旧很高。
high:高
Presently the joke ran through the community, where there were many artists, who considered religion at best an unimportant accessory to good architecture and who disliked that particular church.
现在这个笑话传遍这个艺术家众多的街区。他们考虑宗教最多是这个优美建筑的一个不那么重要的配件，也不喜欢这样那样的教堂。
considered:考虑
Presently the joke ran through the community, where there were many artists, who considered religion at best an unimportant accessory to good architecture and who disliked that particular church.
现在这个笑话传遍这个艺术家众多的街区。他们认为教堂最多是这个优美建筑的一个不那么重要的配件，也不喜欢这样那样的教堂。
church:教堂
While products found in the vending machines are free, items are clearly marked with price tags so employees can see the retail value of each accessory they take.
尽管员工们可以免费领取自动售货机中的产品，但每样产品都带有价签，上面清晰地标示着价格，员工们一望便知自己取用的配件的零售价。
products:产品
When you’re craving for the latest fashion accessory or gizmo that isn’t necessary to your immediate survival, write it down on your list.
当你渴望最新时尚配件那些不是你目前生存所必需品时，把它写在你的清单里。
survival:生存
In another exercise, police practice clearing demonstrators blocking a stadium access road. National Police Chief Bheki Cele is overseeing the exercise. He is asked if his forces are ready.
在另一项运动，警察阻止示威者的做法结算体育场的道路。国家警察总长的话说：策勒负责监督这项工作。他问他的警察已经准备就绪。
police:警察
In another exercise, police practice clearing demonstrators blocking a stadium access road. National Police Chief Bheki Cele is overseeing the exercise. He is asked if his forces are ready.
在另一项运动，警察阻止示威者的做法结算体育场的道路。国家警察总长的话说：策勒负责监督这项工作。他问他的警察已经准备就绪。
Police:警察
ACCESS road and bridge to Cai Mep port will only be completed two years after terminal is built.
因为通往越南盖梅港的道路和桥梁将滞后于港口桥两年时间。
bridge:桥
The Southern Access Road and the public transport interchange are in an advanced stage of construction and will be opened in early 2002 to coincide with the completion of the Cyberport building.
高级数码港的南面通路和公共交通交汇处已进入后期施工阶段，将于二零零二年年初启用，以配合数码港大楼的落成。
advanced:高级
The Southern Access Road and the public transport interchange are in an advanced stage of construction and will be opened in early 2002 to coincide with the completion of the Cyberport building.
通往数码港的南面通路和公共交通交汇处已进入后期建筑阶段，将于二零零二年年初启用，以配合数码港大楼的落成。
building:建筑
A new cut -fill method is adopted in the design of access road of Miaojiaba hydropower project by directly backfilling on the subgrade alluvium, and has probed a set of effective design method.
苗家坝水电站对外公路在铝层路段设计中采用了坡脚换填抗剪、在铝层上直接回填路基的新方法，摸索出一套有效的设计方法。
alluvium:铝
Owing to complicated and adverse geological conditions, the frame girder of reinforced concrete anchor bar was applied to reinforce the high slope of rebuilt access road.
紫坪铺公路改建工程高边坡地质情况复杂恶劣，采取了钢筋混凝土锚杆框架腰带进行锚固。
girder:腰带
The design of access road of large-scale hydropower station could directly influence its cost and construction progress, as well as local society and economy.
大型水电工程对外交通设计直接影响它的和施工进度。
its:它的
The access road of cascade hydropower stations will often get across existed reservoir region, and the sediment access will be inevitably built on reservoir alluvium.
梯级水电站的对外公路通常会经过已经建好的水库库区，在公路修建中不可避免地遇到水库铝泥沙路段。
alluvium:铝
We include and maintain usage metrics (creation time, last access time, etc.) in the underlying database containing the calculator state.
我们在包含计算器状态的底层数据库中包含和维护使用的标准（创建时间、最近访问时间，等等）。
containing:包含
As you probably know, UNIX systems record an atime, or access time, for each object on the filesystem that gets updated every time a file is read.
您可能知道，UNIX系统为文件系统上的每一个对象文件一个atime，或称为访问时间，每次读取文件时，atime 都会被更新。
file:文件
The atime is the last access time of a file, and each time a file is accessed, the underlying file system must record this timestamp.
atime是最近访问文件的时间，每当访问文件时，底层文件系统必须文件这个时间戳。
file:文件
The atime is the last access time of a file, and each time a file is accessed, the underlying file system must record this timestamp.
atime是最近访问文件的时间，每当访问文件时，底层文件系统必须文件这个时间戳。
file:文件
The atime is the last access time of a file, and each time a file is accessed, the underlying file system must record this timestamp.
atime是最近访问文件的时间，每当访问文件时，底层文件系统必须文件这个时间戳。
file:文件
The simulation results show that this replication strategy can reduce the average data access time efficiently.
模拟实验的结果显示此副本创建策略可以有效减少数据平均访问时间。
reduce:减少
From this day she forced herself to take pains to avoid him - never allowing herself, as formerly, to remain long in his company, even if their juxtaposition were purely accidental.
从这一天开始，她就痛苦强迫自己躲开他——即使他们完全是偶然地碰到了一起，她也不让自己像从前那样在他的身边呆得太久。
pains:痛苦
With this knowledge, you should be able to define a privilege / authority strategy that minimizes the threat of accidental or intentional system misuse.
有了这些知识，您就应该定义定义一个特权/权限策略，防止用户意外或故意地威胁系统的安全。
define:定义
A building might suffer damage by accidental impact from flying debris, but wind itself should not damage a well designed, constructed and maintained hospital.
飞行碎片的意外撞击会使建筑物受损，但风本身不会损害设计完备、妥善建筑和维修良好的医院。
building:建筑
It's so odd to think that an accidental death just saved his life.
想到一场意外的死亡却可以保存他的生命，真的百感交集。
saved:保存
It's busy and through some accidental, but welcome, choreography, we lose most of the group along the way and end up rammed in a back corner, just Richard Curtis colleague and me.
那里很繁忙，经过一阵偶然的但却是友好的舞蹈，我们渐渐地跟大家分开了，最后到了酒吧后面的一个角落，只剩下理查德·柯蒂斯同事和我。
choreography:舞蹈
Figures obtained by the Liberal Democrats and released today show that a child under 12 is admitted to accident and emergency wards due to alcohol every 48 hours.
由自由民主党成员收集和发布的数据显示，平均每48小时就有一名12岁以下的儿童因为酒精而进入事故和急诊病房。
alcohol:酒精
London's accident and emergency services are desperate at the best of times.
伦敦的急症室正处于史上最抢手的时间。
times:时间
This case study reviews the history, symptoms, management and rehabilitation of a patient admitted to accident and emergency with severe chest pain.
本病人研究报告审查的历史，症状，管理和康复的病人承认急症重症胸痛。
patient:病人
This case study reviews the history, symptoms, management and rehabilitation of a patient admitted to accident and emergency with severe chest pain.
本案例研究报告审查的历史，痛苦，管理和康复的病人承认急症重症胸痛。
pain:痛苦
Patients with rectally inserted foreign bodies can present to accident and emergency departments or general medical practitioners.
插入患者直肠异物可以向急症室或普通部门医生。
departments:部门
How to prevent the accident and take emergency measures after it happens in order to minimize the damage and loss is the responsibility and duty of the police organ.
如何对此类事故进行防范，事故发生后又如何采取应急措施，以最小化破坏和损失，这是警察机关的责任和义务。
minimize:最小化
Risk analysis of dangerous chemical transportation is the basis of safety transportation decision and the key of accident warning and emergency rescue.
风险化学品运输风险分析是安全运输决策的依据和事故预警和应急救援的关键。
Risk:风险
Accident emergency response and preparedness is a final barrier necessary to reduce potential risks that may arise from nuclear power plants, which must be enhanced.
事故应急响应和准备是减少核电站可能危害的最后必要屏障，必须加强事故应急响应和准备。
reduce:减少
Accident emergency response and preparedness is a final barrier necessary to reduce potential risks that may arise from nuclear power plants, which must be enhanced.
事故应急响应和准备是减小核电站可能风险的最后必要屏障，必须加强事故应急响应和准备。
risks:风险
Accident emergency response and preparedness is a final barrier necessary to reduce potential risks that may arise from nuclear power plants, which must be enhanced.
事故应急响应和准备是减小核电站可能危害的最后必须屏障，必须加强事故应急响应和准备。
must:必须
Fly on Nonstop RoutingsMost accidents occur during the takeoff, climb, descent, and landing phase of flight so flying nonstop would reduce exposure to these most accident prone phases of flight.
选择直飞航线大多数飞行发生在起飞、升、落或是着陆阶段，所以尽可能选择直飞来减少可能导致多发事故的环节。
flying:飞行
Fly on Nonstop RoutingsMost accidents occur during the takeoff, climb, descent, and landing phase of flight so flying nonstop would reduce exposure to these most accident prone phases of flight.
选择直飞航线大多数飞行发生在起飞、上升、降落或是着陆阶段，所以尽可能选择直飞来减少可能导致多发事故的环节。
flying:飞行
At the accident - prone intersection of innovation and law, clashes between business and consumers, business and government, and governments and their citizens are growing in frequency and in volume.
在创新与法律这个事故高发的交汇点，商务与消费者、商务与政府、政府与公民之间的冲突日益频繁，数目也日渐增多。
business:商务
At the accident - prone intersection of innovation and law, clashes between business and consumers, business and government, and governments and their citizens are growing in frequency and in volume.
在创新与法律这个事故高发的交汇点，商务与消费者、商务与政府、政府与公民之间的冲突日益频繁，数目也日渐增多。
business:商务
At the accident -prone intersection of innovation and law, clashes between business and consumers, business and government, and government and their citizens are growing in frequency and in volume.
在事故多发的创新与法律的交叉口，商务与消费者、商务与政府、政府与公民之间的冲突，越来越频繁，越来越多。
business:商务
At the accident -prone intersection of innovation and law, clashes between business and consumers, business and government, and government and their citizens are growing in frequency and in volume.
在事故多发的创新与法律的交叉口，商务与消费者、商务与政府、政府与公民之间的冲突，越来越频繁，越来越多。
business:商务
But the path from innate talent to wealth, fame and universal acclaim was not entirely straightforward.
但是从天赋英才到财富、名望和举世赞扬之间的道路依然是曲折的。
acclaim:赞扬
Recent large-scale relief missions after the 2004 tsunami in Indonesia and the 2005 earthquake in Pakistan brought acclaim to the U .S. military and the U.S. government.
他们在2004年印度尼西亚海啸，和2005年巴基斯坦地震中的营救表现，在世界上为美国军队和政府赢得了极大的赞扬。
acclaim:赞扬
If America had denounced Charlie, he had his family -- and the acclaim of the rest of the world.
尽管美国对查理横加指责，他却拥有一个团聚的家庭，还享有世界其他各国的赞扬。
acclaim:赞扬
Her critical acclaim increased when she played strong roles in the made- for - TV movies True Women (1997), and in George Wallace (1997) which won her a Golden Globe award and an Emmy nomination.
她在电视电影《烽火佳人》（1997）和《乔治·华勒斯》（1997）扮演了性格坚强的角色，评论界给予她更高的赞扬，其中《乔治·华勒斯》还为她赢得了金球奖和艾美奖提名。
acclaim:赞扬
His naked eye can measure and transfer angles with great precision, miters join seamlessly, and his finishing work has earned him acclaim in local newspapers.
他仅凭眼睛就可以非常精确地测量和改变角度、无缝地进行斜接，并且他所完成的作品为他在当地报纸上赢得了赞扬。
acclaim:赞扬
The world's youngest — and arguably most beautiful —queen, Queen Rania is garnering increasing international acclaim for her modern approach to presiding over a traditional Arab nation.
这位世界上最年轻和可以说是最美丽的王后因为她用现代的方式统治一个传统的阿拉伯国家而受到国际社会的广泛赞扬。
acclaim:赞扬
The big firms were among the first to win blue-chip American and European clients and to adopt blue-chip governance and accounting norms themselves. This won acclaim from foreign investors.
这些大公司往往是美国和欧洲高级客户的首选，他们秉承自己独有的管理制度和理念，得到国外投资者的高度赞扬。
acclaim:赞扬
Mr Brown has been calling for a global summit for weeks, emboldened by international acclaim for his plan to rescue Britain's banking system.
国际社会对布朗救助英国银行系统的行为赞扬有加，受此鼓舞，布朗数周来一直呼吁召开一个全球峰会。
acclaim:赞扬
Born a slave in Maryland, Douglas escaped in 1838 and earned widespread acclaim for his 1845 autobiography.
在马里兰州一出生即为奴隶的道格拉斯1838年逃跑，1845年因其自传而赢得广泛赞扬。
acclaim:赞扬
But the Turner jury has a genuine chance to resist the tide of uncritical fashion and recognise the authentic, original handful of artists who truly deserve acclaim.
但特纳奖评审团有一个真正的机会来抵抗无批判力的潮流趋势，并认可可信的、有原创精神的为数不多的真正配得上赞扬的艺术家。
acclaim:赞扬
Burnside has achieved wide critical acclaim, winning the Whitbread Poetry Award in 2000 for The Asylum Dance which was also shortlisted for the Forward and T. S. Eliot prizes.
伯恩赛德成就了评论界的广泛赞誉，2000年更是凭借《救济院之舞》荣获惠特布莱特诗歌奖，该诗作同时还入选前进诗歌奖及T·S·艾略特奖。
achieved:成就
Burnside has achieved wide critical acclaim, winning the Whitbread Poetry Award in 2000 for The Asylum Dance which was also shortlisted for the Forward and T. S. Eliot prizes.
伯恩赛德赢得了评论界的广泛赞扬，2000年更是凭借《救济院之舞》荣获惠特布莱特诗歌奖，该诗作同时还入选前进诗歌奖及T·S·艾略特奖。
acclaim:赞扬
Her numerous books for children include Hitler's Canary, based upon her family's experiences in Nazi - occupied Denmark, was published in 2005 to considerable acclaim.
她写有大量的儿童作品，其中《希特勒的金丝雀》取材于她的家庭在纳粹占领丹麦时期的经历，于2005年书后，广受赞誉。
books:书
Her numerous books for children include Hitler's Canary, based upon her family's experiences in Nazi - occupied Denmark, was published in 2005 to considerable acclaim.
她写有大量的儿童被占领，其中《希特勒的金丝雀》取材于她的家庭在纳粹占领丹麦时期的经历，于2005年出版后，广受赞誉。
occupied:被占领
Her numerous books for children include Hitler's Canary, based upon her family's experiences in Nazi - occupied Denmark, was published in 2005 to considerable acclaim.
她写有大量的儿童作品，其中《希特勒的金丝雀》取材于她的家庭在纳粹占领丹麦时期的经历，于2005年出版后，广受赞扬。
acclaim:赞扬
A South Korean - developed robot that played to acclaim in "Robot Princess and the Seven Dwarfs" is set for more leading theatre roles this year, a scientist said Wednesday.
韩国一名科研人员于本周三称，韩国研发的一款曾因出演《机器人公主和七个小矮人》而赢得众多赞扬的机器人将在今年尝试更多的角色。
acclaim:赞扬
They hailed Brissenden and his demijohns with acclamation, and, on being introduced, Martin learned they were Andy and Parry.
两人用欢呼迎接了布里森登和他的大肚子半约翰斯。经过介绍马丁知道他们是安迪和巴瑞。
demijohns:半约翰斯
Akshay Babu in the Sadharani and Bhudeb Babu in the Education Gazette hailed this new poet with effusive acclamation.
阿卡什先生在《萨达拉尼》上、菩地卜先生在《教育宪报》上都用极其热烈的评论文章来颂赞这位新的诗人。
Gazette:宪报
The Basic Law has received warm support and acclamation from people of all circles in Macao since its publication.
基本法公布后，收到的了澳门各界人士的热烈拥护和支持。
received:收到的
It's not a referendum, and you don't need a unanimous vote of acclamation.
做产品不是全民公选，你不需要投一张公平的公民投票来表示支持。
referendum:公民投票
Recently, a university freshman surnamed Tsai got an almost perfect TOEIC score and travelled north to receive acclamation by the organizer.
一位大一的蔡同学日前在多益测验接受近满分的高分，日前北上接受主办单位表扬。
receive:接受
But this takes time, so players who live at high altitude or arrive early enough to acclimatize have a definite advantage.
然而这种适应过程需要时间，所以有的球员需要在高原地区住上一段时间，或提前到达，使适应过程活顺利完成。
live:活
Antunez acknowledged Robles' relative lack of experience but said he had run in China last year to acclimatize in advance and had beaten most of his rivals, except Liu, in races this year.
Antunez教练承认，相比较而言，罗伯斯缺少经验，但是为了使他提前适应中国的比赛环境，他去年已经在中国参加了比赛。而且在今年的比赛中他被打败了除刘翔之外的大多数主要对手。
beaten:被打败
Antunez acknowledged Robles' relative lack of experience but said he had run in China last year to acclimatize in advance and had beaten most of his rivals, except Liu, in races this year.
Antunez教练承认，相比较而言，罗伯斯缺少经验，但是为了使他提前适应中国的种族环境，他去年已经在中国参加了种族。而且在今年的种族中他击败了除刘翔之外的大多数主要对手。
races:种族
With the development of national economy, the number of automobile rises quickly and the service level and efficiency of coherent industry must acclimatize themselves to it.
随着我国国民经济的迅速发展，机动车数量升值很快，相关行业的服务水平和效率必须与之适应。
rises:升值
In order to improve their adaptability, the county ?level sales companies should try to acclimatize themselves to the environment and meet the demand for their development.
努力提高县级石油公司的适应力，应有适应上级需求的能力，适应自身发展需要的能力和适应社会各种关系的能力。
demand:需求
Enterprise reshuffle is a management decision made by enterprises to acclimatize themselves to the market development, to improve their competitiveness and reduce management risks.
企业重组是企业为适应市场发展的要求，发展竞争能力，降低经营风险的经营决策行为。
development:发展
Enterprise reshuffle is a management decision made by enterprises to acclimatize themselves to the market development, to improve their competitiveness and reduce management risks.
企业重组是企业为适应市场发展的要求，提高竞争能力，减少经营风险的经营决策行为。
reduce:减少
Conclusion Pharmacy courses in higher vocational academy should acclimatize itself to the development of primary - levelclinical - pharmacy.
结论改革高职高专药学课程课程设置，培养实用型初级临床药师以适应基层临床药学事业的发展。
courses:课程
In order to acclimatize oneself to demand of national defence modernization building, the paper takes the most advanced ASP.
为适应国防现代化建筑的需要，运用目前最先进的ASP。
building:建筑
Dressed in her signature blue -bordered sari and shod in sandals despite below-zero temperatures, the former Agnes Bojaxhiu received that ultimate worldly accolade, the Nobel Peace Prize.
零下的低温，沙里标志性的蓝边纱丽，脚上一双拖鞋，这个俗名艾格妮斯·博杰舒(Agnes Bojaxhi)的女子接受了尘世最高的荣誉——诺贝尔和平奖。
sari:沙里
Dressed in her signature blue -bordered sari and shod in sandals despite below-zero temperatures, the former Agnes Bojaxhiu received that ultimate worldly accolade, the Nobel Peace Prize.
零下的低温，斯霍德标志性的蓝边纱丽，脚上一双拖鞋，这个俗名艾格妮斯·博杰舒(Agnes Bojaxhi)的女子接受了尘世最高的荣誉——诺贝尔和平奖。
shod:斯霍德
Dressed in her signature blue -bordered sari and shod in sandals despite below-zero temperatures, the former Agnes Bojaxhiu received that ultimate worldly accolade, the Nobel Peace Prize.
零下的低温，身着标志性的蓝边纱丽，脚上一双 sandals，这个俗名艾格妮斯·博杰舒(Agnes Bojaxhi)的女子接受了尘世最高的荣誉——诺贝尔和平奖。
sandals:sandals
But here's the catch. You'd think, as the ultimate accolade for sporting achievement, a gold medal would be made entirely of gold, right? Not so.
但陷阱就在这里。你可能认为作为运动成绩最高的奖牌，金牌应该是纯金的，对么？但事实并非如此。
medal:奖牌
Or, if you have an established network, you might already be struggling with these issues and wondering how to retrofit your network to accommodate classes of service.
或者，如果您有一个已建立的网络，您可能已经在努力解决这些思索，并且想知道如何改进网络以适应分类服务。
wondering:思索
The building can accommodate all of the offshore workers and protect them from hurricane damage.
这个建筑能可以所有的海上工人并且保护他们不受飓风的伤害。
can:可以
An iterative process allows the development team to better accommodate change, to obtain feedback and factor it into the project, to reduce risk early, and to adjust the process dynamically.
一个反复的过程允许开发团队更好地适应调整，获得反馈并将它分解到项目中去，从而尽早地减少风险，动态调整过程。
adjust:调整
Traditional media - like magazines and newspapers, have been accommodating this change in behavior by providing users with summary pages and by adopting a “news at a glance“ format.
为了适应这一改变，像杂志和报纸等传统媒体已经作出了相应的调整，例如为读者提供总结性的页面和“新闻概览”的如。
like:如
Accommodating peak activity would minimize the overhead of writing log records during transaction intensive periods.
适应峰值活动将最小化事务密集期间日志记录的写额外费用。
overhead:额外费用
None want a clash of any kind, nor a more confrontational relationship, but neither are Japanese willing to be forced into accommodating Chinese desires.
日本人都不愿与中国发生任何形式的冲突，不希望中日关系对立的态势加剧，但也不愿被迫容纳中国的欲望。
accommodating:容纳
If you have a skill, such as cooking, animal husbandry, massage, musical ability or basic carpentry, you can barter for free food and accommodation as you travel.
如果你拥有一项技能，如烹饪，畜牧，按摩，音乐能力或基本木工，你可以以此来为你的旅行交易免费食物和住宿。
barter:交易
In both towns accommodation just before, during and immediately after the festivals is very difficult to come by, and rates usually double or treble.
之前，节日和之后的节日节日在这两个城市住宿是很难得的。但是这里的旅行者通常也会增加两三倍。
festivals:节日
Benefits: good networking with multinational companies; accommodation and trips are all arranged for you.
好的：与很多跨国公司都有很好的交流，可以为你安排好膳宿和旅程。
good:好的
Unfortunately, we depend on alternating waves of assimilation and accommodation to adapt to a constantly changing world.
不幸的是，我们依靠吸收与调节的交替进行来适应这个永不停息地轮流的世界。
alternating:轮流
Unfortunately, we depend on alternating waves of assimilation and accommodation to adapt to a constantly changing world.
不幸的是，我们依靠吸收与调节的交替进行来适应这个永不停息地适应的世界。
adapt:适应
I have even that my friends and colleagues can stay in my apartment in Beijing if they have problem with accommodation.
甚至，如果他们在公寓方面有问题的话，可以住在我在北京的公寓里。
apartment:公寓
These days he lectures on college campuses (he spoke at Harvard Business School in April) and even performs Kunqu opera with a jazz accompaniment.
近日来，他在各大高校巡讲（四月份他在哈佛商学院进行了一次讲座）甚至在爵士乐的伴奏下演出昆剧。
lectures:讲座
She was invited to join the Iraqi National Symphony Orchestra as an accompanist but now appears with them as a soloist.
她曾出现邀请加入伊拉克国家交响乐团的伴奏，但现在她却成为独奏。
appears:出现
Performance team contains: chorus with president Yeh Sai- ying, conduct Lin Mei -chih, and accompanist whose name is Tao Cheng- yeh.
演出团队包含：合唱团：团长叶赛莺、指挥林美智老师、伴奏陶承业老师。
contains:包含
This paper points out an excellent vocal music teacher should not only have a charming voice, solid background in professional knowledge, but also be an extraordinary extemporaneous piano accompanist.
本文论述钢琴伴奏是音乐作品不可分割的重要点，一位优秀的声乐教师应是个技术超群的钢琴即兴伴奏者。
points:点
This paper points out an excellent vocal music teacher should not only have a charming voice, solid background in professional knowledge, but also be an extraordinary extemporaneous piano accompanist.
本文论述钢琴伴奏是口音不可分割的重要组成部分，一位优秀的声乐教师应是个技术超群的钢琴即兴伴奏者。
vocal:口音
This paper points out an excellent vocal music teacher should not only have a charming voice, solid background in professional knowledge, but also be an extraordinary extemporaneous piano accompanist.
本文论述钢琴伴奏是音乐作品不可分割的重要组成部分，一位优秀的声音教师应是个技术超群的钢琴即兴伴奏者。
voice:声音
The futuristic pod has no driver, and no opinionated chatter to accompany your journey, but instead a button set in the wall with the word'start' written beside it.
这种超前的独立舱没有驾驶员、也没有喋喋不休的闲聊声伴随你的旅途，只有一个装在墙上的按钮，按钮旁边写着“开始”。
chatter:闲聊
My landlord halloed for me to stop ere I reached the bottom of the garden, and offered to accompany me across the moor.
在我快到花园停止的时候，我的房东“嘿”了我一声，表示愿意陪同我走出沼泽地。
stop:停止
Finally, as part of this contents summary, we must identify the introductory and explanatory materials, which accompany the initial release of methods and practices.
最后，作为内容摘要的一部分，我们必须辨识伴随方法和实践最初版本的介绍和说明材料。
identify:辨识
As your vibrations are taking away the illusion about yourself and about your world, the existence of extraterrestrial life will come as a fait accompli to many on your planet.
当你们的振动正带离有关你们身上和你们世界的幻象，对许多人来说，星际生命的生命将成为你们星球的既成事实。
life:生命
He stalled the police for ten minutes so his accomplice could get away.
他在警察面前停滞了十分钟，使他的同谋得以逃走。
stalled:停滞
In a decision that's outraged much of Belgium, the former wife and accomplice of a convicted paedophile is to be released early from prison, having served less than half of her 30 - year sentence.
在一个激怒了许多比利时人的决定中，一名恋童癖罪犯的前妻和同谋将提前从狱中释放，她被被定罪了30年的监禁，现在服刑还不到一半的时间。
convicted:被定罪
And it puts the boot firmly into Poland; the Kremlin says the country was a willing Nazi ally and accomplice to Hitler's partition of Czechoslovakia the previous year.
它又把长鞭坚决盟友伸向了波兰；克里姆林宫说波兰曾是情愿的纳粹盟国，也是在战争前一年希特勒分裂捷克斯洛伐克的同谋。
ally:盟友
Having extensive knowledge of accounting, ha and a woman accomplice use the bank's computer system to accomplish the biggest theft in history.
由于在会计方面知识的渊博，那名小偷和他的女帮凶运用银行的计算机系统完成了历史上最大一桩盗窃案。
accounting:会计
Having extensive knowledge of accounting, ha and a woman accomplice use the bank's computer system to accomplish the biggest theft in history.
由于在会计学方面知识的渊博，那名小偷和他的女同谋者运用银行的计算机系统完成了历史上最大一桩盗窃案。
accomplice:同谋者
Another Lithuanian, held as an accomplice in the same cell, also used the technique to try to slip out of a window of the Vadsoe Jail, but failed, apparently because he was too big.
报道说，在同一间牢房中还关押著另外一位被认为是同谋犯的立陶宛人，此人也曾试图采用相同的技术逃出监狱，但最后以失败告终，因为他的块头实在是太大了。
technique:技术
Another Lithuanian, held as an accomplice in the same cell, also used the technique to try to slip out of a window of the Vadsoe Jail, but failed, apparently because he was too big.
报道说，在同一间牢房中还关押著另外一位被认为是同谋犯的立陶宛人，此人也曾试图采用相同的方法逃出监狱，但最后以出去告终，因为他的块头实在是太大了。
out:出去
Another Lithuanian, held as an accomplice in the same cell, also used the technique to try to slip out of a window of the Vadsoe Jail, but failed, apparently because he was too big.
报道说，在同一间牢房中还关押着另外一位被认为是同谋犯的立陶宛人，此人也曾试图采用相同的技术逃出监狱，但最后以失败告终，因为他的块头实在是太大了。
technique:技术
Another Lithuanian, held as an accomplice in the same cell, also used the technique to try to slip out of a window of the Vadsoe Jail, but failed, apparently because he was too big.
报道说，在同一间牢房中还关押着另外一位被认为是同谋犯的立陶宛人，此人也曾试图采用相同的方法逃出监狱，但最后以出去告终，因为他的块头实在是太大了。
out:出去
She was her husband's accomplice in murdering a rich old man.
她是她丈夫谋杀一个老富翁的同谋者。
accomplice:同谋者
These grainy photographs show the man, who some believe to be a poacher, striding towards his quarry and apparently cutting its throat before phoning an accomplice.
这些斑驳不清的照片中，一个被认为是偷猎者的人走近他的猎物，明显看出先割断它的喉咙然后给同谋者打了电话。
accomplice:同谋者
But this is also Indian territory, wherein lies the rub, for the region is now victim to a creeping China acquisitiveness, with Pakistan acquiescing as a willing accomplice.
这片地区现在已成为中国的贪欲的牺牲品，而巴基斯坦的默许则成了同谋者。
accomplice:同谋者
Aquino ordered the filing of criminal cases against the brother of the bus hijacker, a police officer, for illegal gun possession and for acting as an accomplice in the bus hijack.
阿基诺三世命令以非法持枪和同谋罪对劫匪的兄弟提起刑事诉讼。
ordered:命令
"button removes the file because presumably people don't need to know where you were (this has the added benefit of keeping you from becoming an accomplice after the fact).
按钮会删除那个文件，因为可能人们并不需要知道您曾经在哪儿（如果有意外，这同谋者证明您不是帮凶）。
accomplice:同谋者
"button removes the file because presumably people don't need to know where you were (this has the added benefit of keeping you from becoming an accomplice after the fact).
按钮会删除那个文件，因为可能人们并不需要知道您曾经在哪儿（如果有意外，这有助于证明您不是同谋者）。
accomplice:同谋者
Stalin was "Hitler's accomplice ", the Economist insisted, after Russian and Polish politicians traded accusations over the events of the late 1930s.
在俄罗斯和波兰政客就19世纪30年代后期发生的事相互指责后，《经济学人》坚称斯大林是“希特勒的同谋者”。
accomplice:同谋者
If he could accomplish this objective by freeing all, some, or none of the slaves, that was what he would do.
如果总统通过解放全体，或部分，或根本不解放奴隶能够完成这一目的，他自然如此行之。
objective:目的
You should have one goal that you want to accomplish this week. And every morning, you should decide what one thing you can do today to move yourself further towards that goal.
你应该给自己设定一个这周想要完成的目标，每天早晨起床时，你就要移动你今天能做那些事情可以让你离目标更近一些。
move:移动
The source and targets of replication are "live ," so work can be accomplished simultaneously on each system.
复制的源和目标是 “工作的”，所以工作可以在每个系统上同时完成。
work:工作
These would identify the work accomplished on the task and the budget expended on it since the last report, and would estimate the effort remaining on the task.
这些报告能够指出最近一周的任务任务完成情况和在任务中的预算的花费情况，并且可以估计任务中剩余的任务量。
task:任务
These would identify the work accomplished on the task and the budget expended on it since the last report, and would estimate the effort remaining on the task.
这些报告剩余指出最近一周的任务工作完成情况和在任务中的预算的花费情况，并且可以估计任务中剩余的工作量。
remaining:剩余
These would identify the work accomplished on the task and the budget expended on it since the last report, and would estimate the effort remaining on the task.
这些报告能够指出最近一周的任务任务完成情况和在任务中的预算的花费情况，并且可以估计任务中剩余的任务量。
task:任务
Achieving these goals will not only further your career, it will also give you a sense of accomplishment and confidence.
实现这些目标不仅会更进一步你的事业进步，同时也会提升你的成就感和自信。
further:更进一步
Mitigation really focused on the fact that for the first time in the Copenhagen Accord all the major economies agreed to implement either targets or actions.
关于减轻的讨论真正聚焦这样的事实，既首次在哥本哈根协议中，所有主要经济体同意实施或目标或行动。
Mitigation:减轻
Officials in both countries would not discuss details of the new accord, but the general outlines have emerged during the year -long negotiations.
这两个国家的官员将不会谈判新协议的细节，但总的轮廓在长达一年的谈判中已经出现。
negotiations:谈判
The authors add: "The US said they would deny climate finance to Bolivia and Ecuador because they had objected to the Copenhagen accord proposal.
作者还写道：“美国称他们将反对给玻利维亚和厄瓜多尔气候援助，因为这两国反对哥本哈根协议的提议。
objected:反对
While many of the negotiators for a global climate change accord consider it a pressing issue, there is less agreement on how to share the burden of tackling the problem.
虽然许多希望制定全球气候变化协议的与会代表考虑这是一个迫在眉睫的议题，但是在如何分担义务的问题上却没有什么共识。
consider:考虑
They aim to provide detailed editorial feedback in accordance with the standards of journals such as Nature and Science — where many of them have been published.
他们的目的是按照《自然》和《科学》等期刊的标准提供详细的编辑反馈——他们之中的许多人在这些杂志上发表过论文。
aim:目的
These values can be used by tools to automatically apply in accordance with the creator's wishes, without requiring proprietary DRM protocols.
工具可以使用这些值，然后根据创建者的意愿自动应用它们，而无需专有的DRM遵守。
accordance:遵守
One of our contributions as a global institution is to ensure that the world understands that and takes action accordingly.
行动一个全球机构，我们的贡献之一就是保证世界明白这个道理并采取相应的行动。
action:行动
If moral relativism is true, morality can be regarded as a tool, and we can think about what we ’d like that tool to do for us and revise morality accordingly.
假设道德相对主义是对的，道德观就可以被当成一个工具，我们可以被视为用这个工具帮助我们做什么，以及如何相应地改进道德。
regarded:被视为
To bind an interrupt to a CPU or group of CPUs, first determine which CPUs should process the interrupt and lay out the bitmask accordingly.
为了将一个中断绑定到某个或某组CPU，首先要决定应该让哪些CPU处理这个中断，然后相应地编写首先掩码。
first:首先
If you have different classes of tasks with radically different characteristics, it may make sense to have multiple work queues for different types of tasks, so each pool can be tuned accordingly.
如果您有不同的任务类，这些类有着截然不同的特征，那么为不同任务类设置多个任务队列可能会有意义，这样可以相应地调整每个池。
tasks:任务
If you have different classes of tasks with radically different characteristics, it may make sense to have multiple work queues for different types of tasks, so each pool can be tuned accordingly.
如果您有不同的任务类，这些类有着截然不同的特征，那么为不同任务类设置多个任务队列可能会有意义，这样可以相应地调整每个池。
tasks:任务
If this string contained tags, we would segment the string accordingly and enclose each single segment separately between the new style tags.
如果这个字符串包含标签，我们将相应地对该字符串分段，分别将单独的段包含在新的样式标签内。
contained:包含
All at once I pictured my own father, patiently enduring my nightly accordion practice sessions though he must have yearned for peace and quiet after his long days at the pizza factory.
突然，我想起了我的父亲。虽然他在比萨厂呆了一整天后一定非常长清静，但还是耐心地忍受着我每天晚上练习手风琴的那段时间。
long:长
A woman’s smoky contralto crooned words I ’d never heard sung, though they were printed on the tattered sheet music in my old accordion case.
一个女低音反面幽幽地哼唱着我从未听人唱过的歌，虽然我曾在我的旧手风琴盒里的破烂乐谱上见过这些歌词。 “天空的夜幕落下，已是黄昏时分。
contralto:反面
A woman’s smoky contralto crooned words I ’d never heard sung, though they were printed on the tattered sheet music in my old accordion case.
一个女低音歌手幽幽地哼唱着我从未听人唱老的歌，虽然我曾在我的旧手风琴盒里的破烂乐谱上见老这些歌词。 “天空的夜幕落下，已是黄昏时分。
old:老
Jean Valjean, who, an instant previously, in his then state of mind, would not have spoken to or even answered any one, felt irresistibly impelled to accost that child.
在这以前，冉阿让在他那样的心境中是对谁都不会回答一句话，也不会答一句话的。这时他却按捺不住，主动向那孩子回答话了。
answered:回答
Immediately the husband drove downtown to accost the druggist and demand an apology.
丈夫即刻就驱车进城质问药剂师，需求得到一个解释。
demand:需求
Security took their time coming onto the court to aid Federer but when they did, they managed to accost the invader, who by that time had frantically run across the court and leapt the net.
保安不慌不忙的积累球场，在设法与这名闯入者交涉之际，这名闯入者已经疯狂越过球网，向球场对面冲去。
accost:积累
I am always in horror when I have to accost one who I don't know, not for shyness but for not knowing how to call them.
如果我不得不和一个我不认识的有搭讪，我总是神情非常紧张，倒不是因为害羞，而是实在是不知道怎么去称呼人家比较合适。
have:有
Have so an inn, counterjumper very calm ground accost I come in sit.
有这么一家店，店员很坦然地招呼我积累坐。
accost:积累
And when a young man in a fantastical blue - and - silver costume spotted Sophie and decided to accost her as well, Sophie shrank into a shop doorway and tried to hide.
因此当一个服装古怪的蓝色和银色衣服的年轻男人拦住苏菲并象惯常做的那样向她搭讪时，苏菲缩进了一家小店的门里并试图把自己隐藏起来。
costume:服装
And when a young man in a fantastical blue - and - silver costume spotted Sophie and decided to accost her as well, Sophie shrank into a shop doorway and tried to hide.
因此当一个穿着古怪的蓝色和银色衣服的年轻男人拦住苏菲并象惯常做的那样向她搭讪时，苏菲退缩了一家小店的门里并试图把自己隐藏起来。
shrank:退缩
If be a small website that does newly, want commonly Baidu spider often comes from personal website, what we should do above all is come over spider accost, how accost?
一般如果是一个小的新做的网站要想百度蜘蛛经常来自己的网站，我们首先要做的是把蜘蛛勾引积累，怎么勾引？
accost:积累
If be a small website that does newly, want commonly Baidu spider often comes from personal website, what we should do above all is come over spider accost, how accost?
一般如果是一个小的新做的网站要想百度蜘蛛经常来自己的网站，我们首先要做的是把蜘蛛勾引积累，怎么勾引？
accost:积累
As he approached the gate, the lamplight showed a man of about forty walking by. Xiangzi thought he recognized his face and deportment, but hesitated to accost him.
刚走到门脸上，灯光下接近个四十多岁的男人，他似乎认识这个人的面貌态度，可是不敢去招呼。
approached:接近
As he approached the gate, the lamplight showed a man of about forty walking by. Xiangzi thought he recognized his face and deportment, but hesitated to accost him.
刚走到门脸上，灯光下积累个四十多岁的男人，他似乎认识这个人的面貌态度，可是不敢去招呼。
accost:积累
Text content is very succinct, friendly, thewordisnot much, but alluring howeveranddye -in-the-wood, come with belleofhandsome young man directly accost you.
正文内容很简练，友好，话不多，但却诱惑十足，直接用帅哥美女积累勾引你。
accost:积累
He walked to the door and opened it, prepared to accost an intruder with righteous indignation.
他走上行走开门，义愤填膺地想向闯入者发难。
walked:行走
What design and architectural considerations should SOA developers take into account when using one or both of these SOA models in their applications?
在应用中应用这两个SOA模型之一或都应用时，SOA开发者在设计和搭建架构时应该考虑哪些？
applications:应用
Registry service maintains a database of all the principal, group and account information for a cell.
注册表服务为一个单元的所有主体、组和帐户数据库维护一个数据库。
database:数据库
But I also believe that everyone who comments here should be accountable: in other words that the rest of us should be able to see who they are.
但我同样认为，在这里发表评论的每一个人都应当受到问责：换而言之，在其评论时，我们其他人应当能够知道他们是谁。
comments:评论
It is because the organization and its managers do nothold people accountable for working in teams or reward them for it.
那是因为人和经理们没有使人们对队里的工作负责或没有因此而奖励他们。
people:人
Accountability is the enemy of irresponsibility; we must hold our leaders accountable for performance and integrity, and we must ask the same of ourselves.
责任是无责任的敌人；我们必须让我们的领导人为其行为和忠诚责任，同样，我们也必须自我反省。
Accountability:责任
You need a small group or an accountability Partner who will encourage you, support you, pray for you, love you unconditionally, and hold you accountable.
你需要一个小组或责任任的伙伴来鼓励你、扶持你、为你祷告、无条件的爱你，并且监督你为自己的行为责任。
accountability:责任
You need a small group or an accountability Partner who will encourage you, support you, pray for you, love you unconditionally, and hold you accountable.
你需要一个小组或负责任的伙伴来鼓励你、鼓励你、为你祷告、无条件的爱你，并且监督你为自己的行为负责。
encourage:鼓励
The headquarters of one of Europe ’s largest accountancy firms overlooks the Thames.
从欧洲最大的会计师总部总部之一可以俯瞰泰晤士河。
headquarters:总部
Bad controls. Many companies have gone broke because of theft or embezzlement. Your accountant should help you set up these systems.
不妥的管理。许多公司因为贪污或挪用公款而破产。你的会计应该帮你制定这些制度。
embezzlement:贪污
Talk to your accountant or tax adviser to determine the best strategy for you and your business.
请您的会计师或者税款顾问给出对您和您的商务最好的战略。
business:商务
Each day it opens a new account for you. Each night it burns the records of the day.
每天它会为你开一个新帐户，每晚它会把该天的帐户全部删除。
account:帐户
What you have to do is have the courage to say I have got to account for the bad data, what I think are bad data and the data that helped me build my theory.
你们要做的就是，鼓起勇气来说,我已经理论出了那些劣质的数据，和我认为是劣质的数据,还有那些帮助我建立理论的数据。
theory:理论
Moreover, by failing to account for the needs of disparate organizations within the enterprise, SOA without governance becomes yet another stovepipe application.
而且，由于没有考虑企业中不同组织的需求，不具有治理的SOA成为了另一个锅炉管管应用程序。
stovepipe:锅炉管
I will graduate from Peking University this July. I have majored in accounting.
今年七月将从北京大学毕业，我主修的专业是会计。
accounting:会计
If it ’s intro to accounting for example, you could write “all the math i need to know is me + u = love ”.
比如说这是本介绍会计的书，你可以写上：关于数学，所有我所需要知道的只有“我+你=爱情”。
accounting:会计
But this shift has already been accomplished in many fields: half or more of the accounting students in graduate schools of business, for example, are now women.
但这种转换在许多领域已经完成了。例如，现在在商业研究生院半数或半数以上的会计专业的毕业都是女性。
graduate:毕业
He hopes his son, 17, chooses a college based on the quality of its engineering, food - science or accounting program, and majors in one of those subjects.
他希望自己17岁的儿子选择一所它的、食品科学或是会计学特别强的学校，专业也就选择这三者其中之一。
its:它的
He hopes his son, 17, chooses a college based on the quality of its engineering, food - science or accounting program, and majors in one of those subjects.
他希望自己17岁的儿子选择一所工程学、食品科学或是会计特别强的学校，专业也就选择这三者其中之一。
accounting:会计
This tutorial, Part 5 of a six-part series, develops the liability management side of the accounting tool, along with an executive analysis tool that generates reports on the billing side.
本教程是本系列的第5侧面，文章介绍了如何开发会计工具的债务管理端，以及一个能在帐单端生成报表的可执行分析工具。
side:侧面
This tutorial, Part 5 of a six-part series, develops the liability management side of the accounting tool, along with an executive analysis tool that generates reports on the billing side.
本教程是本系列的第5侧面，文章介绍了如何开发会计工具的债务管理端，以及一个能在帐单端生成报表的可执行分析工具。
side:侧面
Indeed, the parakeet was in love with what is essential to man, namely, his attire (accoutrement).
的确，鹦哥鸟是爱上了作为人的基本的重要的， 换句话说，就是他的服装。
essential:重要的
Indeed, the parakeet was in love with what is essential to man, namely, his attire (accoutrement).
的确，鹦哥鸟是爱上了作为人的基本的东西， 换句话说，就是他的穿衣服。
attire:穿衣服
Indeed, the parakeet was in love with what is essential to man, namely, his attire (accoutrement).
的确，鹦哥鸟是爱上了作为人的基本的东西， 换句话说，就是他的累积。
accoutrement:累积
In the end, because a female friend offered to dress me in women's clothing with appropriate accoutrement, I swallowed my pride and donned a blouse.
最后，因为我的一位女性朋友主动要帮我服饰，为我搭配女装和配饰，我只好将我的自尊搁在一边，套上女式衬衣。
donned:服饰
FIPS 140 - 2 is the U.S. government computer security standard used to accredit cryptographic modules.
FIPS140-2是用于授权数据加密模型的政府电脑安全标准。
security:安全
The Party’s Central Commission for Discipline Inspection shall, when its work so requires, accredit discipline inspection groups or commissioners to Party or state organs at the central level.
党的中央纪律检查委员会根据中央需要，可以向中央一级党和国家机关派驻党的纪律检查组或纪律检查员。
Central:中央
The Party’s Central Commission for Discipline Inspection shall, when its work so requires, accredit discipline inspection groups or commissioners to Party or state organs at the central level.
党的中央纪律检查委员会根据中央需要，可以向中央一级党和国家机关派驻党的纪律检查组或纪律检查员。
central:中央
They zapped a tiny plastic pellet with 12 laser beams fired simultaneously and allowed some of the resulting radiation to blast a pellet of silicon, a common element in accretion disks.
他们利用12道激光束同时袭击一个小小的塑料粉末，再利用所形成的部分辐射引爆一个硅粉末，而硅是吸积盘中的一种常见元素。
pellet:粉末
They zapped a tiny plastic pellet with 12 laser beams fired simultaneously and allowed some of the resulting radiation to blast a pellet of silicon, a common element in accretion disks.
他们利用12道激光束同时袭击一个小小的塑料粉末，再利用所形成的部分辐射引爆一个硅粉末，而硅是吸积盘中的一种常见元素。
pellet:粉末
They zapped a tiny plastic pellet with 12 laser beams fired simultaneously and allowed some of the resulting radiation to blast a pellet of silicon, a common element in accretion disks.
他们利用12道激光束同时袭击一个小小的塑料球，再利用所形成的部分辐射引爆一个硅球，而硅是吸积盘中的一种常见硅。
silicon:硅
They zapped a tiny plastic pellet with 12 laser beams fired simultaneously and allowed some of the resulting radiation to blast a pellet of silicon, a common element in accretion disks.
他们利用12道激光束同时袭击一个小小的塑料球，再利用所形成的元素辐射引爆一个硅球，而硅是吸积盘中的一种常见元素。
element:元素
For decades, astronomers have been confident that relatively low - mass stars such as our sun form by the gradual accretion, or buildup, of mass from a disk of gas and dust.
几十年来，天文学家已经确信质量相对较小的星体，如我们的太阳，是逐渐建立或建立自碟状气体或尘埃而形成的。
buildup:建立
Matter funnels into the supermassive black hole from a ring of material circling around it and called an accretion disk.
在黑洞周围旋转的材料环带叫做吸积盘，其中的材料沿着漏斗状的通道进入这个超大质量的黑洞中。
material:材料
So I quit banking and started my own communication - training firm (because I'm a great talker and I never wanted to look at an accretion / dilution analysis again).
因此，我放弃了银行的工作，开了一家信息交流培训公司。 (因我喜欢聊天，不愿意看一些累积，稀释的分析).
accretion:累积
The implication is that the gases in the mantle came not from the sun but from the early accretion of rocky material.
这就暗示了，这些地幔中的气体不是来自太阳的，而是来自早期的岩石物质的累积的产物。
accretion:累积
The implication is that the gases in the mantle came not from the sun but from the early accretion of rocky material.
这就暗示了，这些地幔中的气体不是来自太阳的，而是来自早期的岩石材料的增长的产物。
material:材料
For instance, most large projects grow by accretion as different developers extend or maintain the project over a period of years.
例如，大多数大型项目都是随着不同开发人员多年对其进行扩展或维护而逐渐累积的。
accretion:累积
For instance, most large projects grow by accretion as different developers extend or maintain the project over a period of years.
例如，大多数大型项目都是随着不同开发人员多年对其进行扩展或维护而逐渐扩展的。
extend:扩展
The source - controlled file base is built up from nothing but the steady accretion of change sets, each one building on everything that has come before it.
受源代码控制的文件库是在稳定增长的变更数组基础上构建的；每个变更数组都以之前的所有变更为基础。
sets:数组
The source - controlled file base is built up from nothing but the steady accretion of change sets, each one building on everything that has come before it.
受源代码控制的文件库是在稳定增长的变更集基础上建筑的；每个变更集都以之前的所有变更为基础。
building:建筑
Active galaxies give off bright radiation from their cores, where gas heats up as it is compressed into a swirling accretion disk encircling the black hole.
活动星系从它们的核部发出明亮的光芒，在那里，气体被加热并压缩成一个漩涡环绕的圆盘，漩涡的中心便是黑洞。
encircling:环绕
There are many methods of accounting, such as cash method of accounting, cost method of accounting, accrual method of accounting.
会计会计的方法有多种，如收付实现制会计法、成本会计法、权责发生制会计法。
accounting:会计
There are many methods of accounting, such as cash method of accounting, cost method of accounting, accrual method of accounting.
会计会计的方法有多种，如收付实现制会计法、成本会计法、权责发生制会计法。
accounting:会计
There are many methods of accounting, such as cash method of accounting, cost method of accounting, accrual method of accounting.
会计会计的方法有多种，如收付实现制会计法、成本会计法、权责发生制会计法。
accounting:会计
There are many methods of accounting, such as cash method of accounting, cost method of accounting, accrual method of accounting.
会计会计的方法有多种，如收付实现制会计法、成本会计法、权责发生制会计法。
accounting:会计
The accrual method assumes that when a company makes a sale, the revenue will be received in the coming future, and it includes the sale in the accounts of the company.
权责发生制基于这样的假定，当公司销售一批商品时，它会在将来某个未来收到这笔款项，公司账簿中应包含这项销售。
future:未来
There is always a debate on who should use the accrual method of accounting.
什么样的企业应该采用权责发生制会计法，通常存在争议。
accounting:会计
Accrual method of accounting is used widely and hence, we should be aware of its rules and principles.
权责发生制会计法的使用范围较为广泛，因此我们应该了解这种会计方法的规则和原理。
accounting:会计
In the accrual method of accounting, income is reported in the period it is earned.
使用权责发生制会计法，收入应于发生当期予以报告，不管款项是否已经收到。
accounting:会计
The point of accrual accounting is to perfectly match the revenues and expenses to the time period in which they actually happen, not when the payments are made or received.
权责发生制的观点是要将收入和付款在其实际发生的时期完美地配比，而不仅仅是在现金收付的时候。
payments:付款
There is no doubt that accrual method of accounting is extremely useful in businesses which are expanding rapidly and have many transactions to record.
无疑，权责发生制会计法对于那些迅速增长、业务较多的公司极为有用。
accounting:会计
The accrual method of accounting is also known as accrual accounting or accrual basis accounting.
权责发生制会计法也称应计会计法或应计基础会计法。
accounting:会计
The accrual method of accounting is also known as accrual accounting or accrual basis accounting.
权责发生制会计法也称应计会计法或应计基础会计法。
accounting:会计
The accrual method of accounting is also known as accrual accounting or accrual basis accounting.
权责发生制会计法也称应计会计法或应计基础会计法。
accounting:会计
In this article, I shall present to you the accrual method of accounting, its rules and procedures which will help you to understand this concept better.
本文我将向你介绍权责发生制及其规则和程序，以帮助你更好地理解这个规则。
rules:规则
This makes sense – the benefits of individual contributions to the park mostly accrue to others, which reduces the payoff to any one contributor.
这是有道理的，因为每个人从捐赠中获得的收益将由其他人享受，这减少了捐助者的收益。
contributor:捐助者
If they tried, it would seem likely that Yelp could accrue similar deals, and their review and rating functionality could actually tip the scales in their favor.
如果他们厌烦了，那么yelp也有可能产生相似的东西，他们的评论和积累的功能可以切实的根据他们的喜好来给这一个范围带来好处。
accrue:积累
Moreover, if you are a successful entrepreneur your ideas and innovations geneate benefits for everyone – ironically, the bulk of the benefit is likely to accrue to people other than you.
而且，如果你是一个成功的企业家，那么，你的理念和创新会为所有人创新利润——而有意思的是，大部分的利润可能属于别人而不是你。
innovations:创新
Because starting an instance of an AMI means charges start to accrue in your AWS account, a confirmation dialog appears.
由于启动一个AMI实例意味着您的AWS帐户中的费用开始积累，因此一个确认对话框将显示。
accrue:积累
Our message is that instead of debating whether the project was an SOA implementation, the better question is to understand what benefits accrue from the SOA implementation.
我们要消息的信息是，与其去争论一个项目是不是SOA项目，还不如去想想能从这个项目中得到哪些益处。
message:消息
Our message is that instead of debating whether the project was an SOA implementation, the better question is to understand what benefits accrue from the SOA implementation.
我们要传达的信息是，与其去辩论一个项目是不是SOA项目，还不如去想想能从这个项目中得到哪些益处。
debating:辩论
In the iterative development experience, benefits accrue gradually with each successive phase.
在迭代开发经验中，每一个成功阶段的好处逐渐积累。
accrue:积累
On the other hand, if the tester only uses some fixed users to place orders in the formal testing, the corresponding data will accumulate.
另一方面，如果测试人员仅仅使用某些固定用户在正式的测试中下订单，那么相应的数据将会数据。
data:数据
If you do this on the train for a month or even just for a few weeks, you'll be amazed at the data you'll accumulate.
如果你每隔一个月，甚至是每隔几个星期在回家的车上做一次这样的记录，你将会惊奇于自己积累的数据。
amazed:惊奇
If you do this on the train for a month or even just for a few weeks, you'll be amazed at the data you'll accumulate.
如果你每隔一个月，甚至是每隔几个星期在回家的车上做一次这样的记录，你将会惊讶于自己数据的数据。
data:数据
The hardest part of this process is learning to change your organization ’s culture so that you don’t accumulate more debt than you can reasonably service.
这个过程中最困难的部分就是文化改变您的组织文化，这样您就不会积累超过自己合理服务能力的债务。
culture:文化
We train laboratory [technicians] in various countries, then the labs accumulate data and share it with each other.
我们在不同的国家培训实验室技术人员；然后，各实验室数据资料，相互交流。
data:数据
If ingested, it can accumulate in the body, particularly the thyroid gland, increasing the risk of thyroid cancer, particularly in children.
如果摄入，它可以在体内（特别是甲状腺）积聚，增加尤其是儿童罹患甲状腺癌的风险。
risk:风险
As you touch people, surfaces and objects throughout the day, you accumulate germs on your hands.
一天下来，你触摸到人、台面和物品，你的手上积聚了很多细菌。
touch:触摸
Each component in a workspace has its own history of change sets, the accumulation of which defines a configuration of the component.
工作区中的每个组件具有自己的更改数组历史记录，这些历史记录的累积定义了该组件的配置。
sets:数组
Each component in a workspace has its own history of change sets, the accumulation of which defines a configuration of the component.
工作区中的每个组件具有自己的更改集历史记录，这些历史记录的数组定义了该组件的配置。
sets:数组
Islam, too, has much to say about usury and the accumulation of wealth at the expense of welfare.
伊斯兰教也大量提到关于放高利贷的事，财富的积累是以牺牲幸福为开支的。
expense:开支
In a nutshell, his study finds that Chinese people have an almost American tolerance for the accumulation of individual wealth, which they attribute largely to effort and education.
简单地说，他的研究发现，中国对有财富积累有着与美国人一样的容忍态度，他们将其很大程度上归因为努力和教育。
have:有
Without self-reflection, we have no way to measure our true needs. Instead, we measure fulfillment through intimacy and the accumulation of material goods.
没有自省，我们就无从知道自己真正的需求，那时我们就会以幼稚和材料的积累来衡量自己的成功与否。
material:材料
Lacking an outlet, the Caspian Sea loses water only by evaporation, leading to the accumulation of salt.
由于没有排水口，里海的海流失只能依赖蒸发，这也造成湖水中盐的积聚。
Sea:海
First, high economic growth, high wealth accumulation and income distribution tilting the rich make some people have lots of money at hand.
首先是经济高累积，财富的积累很高，收入分配又向富人倾斜，所以有一部分人手中有很多钱。
accumulation:累积
If we better understand the origin of fat cell differentiation, growth, and accumulation, we can better treat obesity and its constellation of complications.
如果我们更好地了解脂肪细胞分化、累积和积累的原因，我们就可以更好地治疗肥胖及由其引起的并发症。
accumulation:累积
Robertson: Oxidative stress is an accumulation of molecules that comes about because of chemical reactions, or stuff we ingest, things that get in our body.
罗伯逊：氧化应激是一种由化学反应或我们摄取的东西——即被我们身体吸收的物料——造成的毒性分子堆积。
stuff:物料
Is the desire for wealth, or the accumulation of wealth, per se, evidence of greed?
这是对财富的贪婪，或财富积累的本身就见证了贪婪？
greed:贪婪
To provide scientifically robust data we need to study glacier mass balance — the difference between snow accumulation and snow melt.
为了提供在科学上可靠的数据，我们需要研究冰川质量平衡——雪的数据和融化的差。
data:数据
To provide scientifically robust data we need to study glacier mass balance — the difference between snow accumulation and snow melt.
为了提供在科学上可靠的数据，我们需要研究冰川不同平衡——雪的积累和融化的差。
difference:不同
The book value of the fixed assets is the amount after deducting the accumulative depreciation and accumulative impairment provision from the cost of the fixed assets.
固定资产的账面价值是固定资产成本贬值累计折旧和累计减值准备后的金额。
depreciation:贬值
The book value of the fixed assets is the amount after deducting the accumulative depreciation and accumulative impairment provision from the cost of the fixed assets.
固定资产的账面价值是固定资产成本扣减累计折旧和累计贬值准备后的金额。
depreciation:贬值
if the accumulative time period of paying premiums is not less than five years but not more than ten years, the maximum period of receiving unemployment insurance compensation is 18 months;
累计保险费时间满5年不足10年的，领取失业保险金的期限最长为18个月；
premiums:保险费
The edge transition of pulses from incremental encoder can be detected with double frequency to improve measurement precision, and to avoid measurement errors and accumulative errors.
汉字和图形相结合。对增量编码器的脉冲信号沿改善进行倍频检测，提高分辨精度，避免计数误差和累积误差。
improve:改善
The application of check valve and pilot-operated check valve to makeup circuit can effectively reduce the impact and vibration in the system and avoid accumulative synchronous error.
本文介绍将单向阀及液控单向阀应用在补油回路中，可以减小系统的冲击、振动和消除同步累积误差。
application:应用
The application of check valve and pilot-operated check valve to makeup circuit can effectively reduce the impact and vibration in the system and avoid accumulative synchronous error.
本文介绍将单向阀及液控单向阀运用在补油回路中，可以减少系统的冲击、振动和消除同步累积误差。
reduce:减少
Symbolic preprocessing was performed to obtain the coefficient matrixes of the inverse kinematics equations and avoid the accumulative errors of floating point computations.
采用符号运算求解逆运动学方程的系数矩阵，避免了大量中间计算的浮点数计算累积误差；
computations:计算
Lead is an accumulative poison and will collect in the body over a period of years, even decades, before noticeable symptoms occur or a toxic level is reached.
铅是一种累积性的毒药，将集聚在体内近一个数十年以来的几年，甚至几十年，症状才明显发作，或着说达到了中毒量。
decades:数十年
While the authors write that a person is more likely to be accurate when he is more confident in his memory, an expression of confidence is a limited predictor of memory accuracy.
作者在书中写道当一个人对自己的记忆力很自信期间，他说的更有可能是准确的，在有限范围内，表现出自信能代表一个人记忆的准确性。
While:期间
Improve the accuracy of weather and wind forecasts on time scales from hours to days.
提高对时间尺度从几个小时到几天的风和风力预报的准确性。
wind:风
The provision of a link from the WHO website to other sites does not indicate endorsement of those sites by WHO, and WHO accepts no responsibility for the validity or accuracy of their content.
提供从世界卫生组织到其它网站的链接并不表示世界卫生组织认可这些网站，并且世界卫生组织对其内容的有效性或准确性不任何责任。
no:不
But there are strong concerns over the accuracy of the technology and its impact on privacy.
但是还要关注的是这个它的的准确性和对隐私的影响。
its:它的
Graphic artists usually produce the visual images; the role of the editor is to conceptualize the graphic, find the information it should contain or illustrate, and ascertain its accuracy.
图图形艺术家通常负责提供视觉形图形，而编辑的作用是将这些形图形赋予思想，找出它应代表或显示的资讯，并确定其准确性。
Graphic:图形
Graphic artists usually produce the visual images; the role of the editor is to conceptualize the graphic, find the information it should contain or illustrate, and ascertain its accuracy.
图图形艺术家通常负责提供视觉形图形，而编辑的作用是将这些形图形赋予思想，找出它应代表或显示的资讯，并确定其准确性。
graphic:图形
This section contains advice on how to improve estimating efficiency and accuracy.
这一节包含如何改善评估效率和精度的一些建议。
contains:包含
Laboratory work needs not only accurate measurements but also correct calculation.
实验实验室不但需要准确的测量，而且需要准确的计算。
Laboratory:实验室
As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.
我们已经说了，现在又说，若有传福音给你们，与你们所领受的不同，他就应当被咒诅。
have:有
M. D. Aletheia suggested that al least 2500 years before Jesus, the Egyptian god Osiris (Horus), in some accounts, was crucified on “an accursed tree ” in an event of sin- atonement.
Aletheia博士补充说，至少在耶稣诞生2500年前（公元前2500年），埃及的神奥西里斯的一些帐户中描述，为了赎罪他被钉上十字架（一颗受诅咒的树）。
accounts:帐户
As we have said before, so now I say again, if anyone preaches any other gospel to you than what you have received, let him be accursed.
我们已经说了，现在又说，若有传福音给你们，与你们所领受的不同，他就应当被咒诅。
have:有
As we have said before, so now I say again, if anyone preaches any other gospel to you than what you have received, let him be accursed.
我们已经说了，现在又说，若有传福音给你们，与你们所领受的不同，他就应当被咒诅。
have:有
And to some extent, this accusation has some truth to it.
而这一指责在某范围上，也的确是有几分道理的。
extent:范围
The use of the word "overstaying" clearly gave the impression that these students had remained in the UK illegally while the article itself made no such accusation.
“逾期过度停留”这个词明显给我们这样一种印象——这些留学生非法过度停留在英国，而实际上报告中并没有做出这样的指控。
overstaying:过度停留
University leaders "simply ignore the accusation or try to cover it up... to protect the fame and gain of the university," Mr. Fang said in an e- mail.
大学领导们“往往只是无视这种指控，或是试图掩盖它们......以保护大学的名声和收益”，方先生在一封电子邮件中写道。
fame:名声
The union believes this accusation is without basis, and intends to demonstrate this with a newly-launched campaign called "Take Our Jobs.
该联盟认为这种指控是没有根据的，并且计划通过一个名为“做我们的工作”的工作来展示这一想法。
Jobs:工作
If the fudging weren’t tied to an accusation of sexual harassment, there ’s no question the discrepancies would just be written off as an immaterial accounting glitch.
如果这个报销错误不是和性骚扰的指控有联系的话，这个不符点将被不假思索视为一个无关紧要的会计错误。
accounting:会计
This body should be completed in the end after the word nominative or accusative particle depends on the particle after the verb is transitive or automatic words.
应此体词后面到底填写主格助词还是宾格助词取决于后面的谓词是他过渡性还是自过渡性。
transitive:过渡性
When the predicate verb is a multivalent verb, two other types will be produced: accusative subject and reason subject.
当谓核动词是多价动词时，它存在有“受动”主语类型和“缘由”主语类型两种类型；
types:类型
By dropping Neon Bible's accusatory standpoint, The Suburbs delivers a life -affirming message similar to Funeral's: We're all in this together.
通过丢下NeonBible上非难的观点，TheSuburbs传达了类似于Funeral的，坚定生活观的信息：我们一起，都在这里。
standpoint:观点
By dropping Neon Bible's accusatory standpoint, The Suburbs delivers a life -affirming message similar to Funeral's: We're all in this together.
通过丢下NeonBible上非难的立场，TheSuburbs消息了类似于Funeral的，坚定生活观的信息：我们一起，都在这里。
message:消息
By dropping Neon Bible's accusatory standpoint, The Suburbs delivers a life - affirming message similar to Funeral's: We're all in this together.
抛弃了上张专辑《暗黑圣经》中对世间控诉的观点，《郊区》传达的是和《葬礼》一样的、对生活报以肯定的态度：我们处在相同的世界。
standpoint:观点
By dropping Neon Bible's accusatory standpoint, The Suburbs delivers a life - affirming message similar to Funeral's: We're all in this together.
抛弃了上张专辑《暗黑圣经》中对世间控诉的立场，《郊区》消息的是和《葬礼》一样的、对生活报以肯定的态度：我们处在相同的世界。
message:消息
When else in your relationship -- unless you're the type of couple to engage in accusatory screaming matches in the cereal aisle of Whole Foods -- will its terms and conditions be laid so bare?
想想吧，在你的关系中还有哪种，除非你是那种会卷入全食超市麦片过道里的控诉尖叫比赛中的夫妇——会如此时全部条目和条款都赤裸示人？
terms:条款
The lament repeated by every section of the foreign community is about the lack of “human capital ”, or, if the speaker is feeling self- accusatory, about the failure of“ capacity - building ”.
外国团体的每个部门在都在不断悲伤阿富汗“人力资本”不足，或者说这些外国团体也在为“能力建设”失败自责。
lament:悲伤
The lament repeated by every section of the foreign community is about the lack of “human capital ”, or, if the speaker is feeling self- accusatory, about the failure of“ capacity - building ”.
外国团体的每个部门在都在不断抱怨阿富汗“人力资本”不足，或者说这些外国团体也在为“能力建筑”失败自责。
building:建筑
Villagers accuse the company of destroying their fields to expand the banana plantations after getting land leases from the government.
村民们指责该公司从政府租到种植园之后将他们的农田毁坏，扩建香蕉种植园。
plantations:种植园
After all, did he not accuse Benítez of showing "contempt" and "arrogance" towards the end of last season for talking in similar terms about Everton.
毕竟，难道他在上赛季最后没有谴责贝尼特斯在使用类似的措词谈论埃弗顿时，所表现出的“轻蔑”与“傲慢”吗？
last:最后
In the case of Air France, this led people to accuse Spinetta of lacking ambition, but over time they have come to understand, respect and be reassured by his approach.
在法国航空公司的时间中，刚开始人们指责斯皮内塔缺乏野心，但随着时间的推移，他们开始理解、尊重和信任他的做法。
time:时间
The business directive is for the business to protect itself, so that the business is not accused of impropriety as it executes its business applications.
这个业务指示的目的是保护商务本身，让商务不会由于执行它的业务应用程序而成为被告。
business:商务
The business directive is for the business to protect itself, so that the business is not accused of impropriety as it executes its business applications.
这个业务指示的目的是保护商务本身，让商务不会由于执行它的业务应用程序而成为被告。
business:商务
The business directive is for the business to protect itself, so that the business is not accused of impropriety as it executes its business applications.
这个业务指示的目的是保护商务本身，让商务不会由于执行它的业务应用程序而成为被告。
business:商务
The business directive is for the business to protect itself, so that the business is not accused of impropriety as it executes its business applications.
这个业务指示的目的是保护商务本身，让商务不会由于执行它的业务应用程序而成为被告。
business:商务
He would have either to open proceedings against the accused or tackle an extradition request from Spain.
他本来是要启动被起诉人程序对被告或处理西班牙的引渡要求的。
accused:被告
The country was plunged into a deep political crisis when Mr Rosenberg recorded a video accusing the president of ordering his murder, and then supposedly arranged it himself.
罗森伯格录下了一段视频，以指控总统策划谋杀他，而之后据称这是他一手订购，危地马拉因此陷入了深度的政治危机。
ordering:订购
accustom sth to sth It takes quite a while to accustom ourselves to the special climate there 。
要使我们自己适应那里的特殊氛围，颇需要一些同时。
while:同时
Accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul.
要让你自己不断地做许多有爱心的行动，因它们使人喜悦融化灵魂。
enkindle:使人喜悦
You have to accustom yourself gradually to the different hours of work that your new post entails.
你得使自己逐渐习惯于你的新邮寄所要求的不同的上班时间。
post:邮寄
Essentially, the process of social life is one which individual "determination" and social "norms" successively accustom themselves to each other.
社会生活过程本质上就是个人“自主”与社会的“标准”不断进行相应地自我调适的过程。
norms:标准
These costumed researchers teach the growing chicks how to forage for food and accustom them to the ultralight.
这些穿衣的研究者教导这些成长中的小鸟如何搜寻食物，并让牠们适应超轻型飞机。
costumed:穿衣
The merely period suppressive fire works is while it is accustom on abandoned positions.
压制火力唯一管用的同时是用来对付废弃的阵地的同时。
while:同时
Want to very lightly and then accustom to the chill here, behind several days in the beginning are sheepish, running of then full earth, to this.
想想很容易便适应了这里的冷却，在一开始的几天缩手缩脚之后，便满世界的跑，对这。
chill:冷却
But as a measure of how accustomed Japan is becoming to bad economic news, the dismal trade figures were greeted less with panic than with a growing sense of resignation.
但是作为日本习惯于经济坏消息到什么程度的衡量，这一凄惨的贸易数据迎来已不是恐慌而是日益增加的成为的心态。
becoming:成为
Even after she returned, she found that he spent almost all of his time at work and at the bars, having grown accustomed to a life without her there.
以至她回来以后发现，他几乎把所有的时间都花在工作上和酒吧里，渐渐习惯了没有她在身边的甚至。
Even:甚至
It can also interact with other medications, especially certain types of cardiovascular medications such as ACE inhibitors, receptor blockers and potassium - sparing diuretics.
它还可能与其它尿液剂相互作用，特别是心血管一类尿液剂，例如ACE抑制剂、受体阻滞剂和保钾利尿剂。
diuretics:尿液剂
ACE inhibitors work by inhibiting the conversion of angiotensin I to the potent vasoconstrictor, angiotensin II, thereby improving blood flow and blood pressure.
ACE抑制剂的工作，通过抑制血管紧张素I的转换可以强化血管，血管紧张素Ⅱ可改善血流和血压。
conversion:转换
David Anderson, the president of ACE Theatrical, said it would take a while to evaluate the extent of the damage, but he emphasized the company’s commitment to the original design.
大卫·安德森，ACE剧场集团的负责人，表示考察剧院受损情况需要花费一些同时，不过他强调，修缮工作会遵循原有的设计。
while:同时
After a four - year process — and many false starts — the city has selected a company based in Houston, ACE Theatrical Group, to renovate and operate the theater.
在经历长达四年的谈判过程，多次修改方案，城市最终决定选择休斯顿的ACE剧院集团来主持该项目的修复及运营。
city:城市
But let ’s face it, life is filled with all kinds of tests — some you ace and some you flunk — so at some point you have to get used to it.
但，让我们面对它，生命中充满了各种各样的考试——有一些你第一而有一些你却闪烁——因此，从某点说，你必须要适应它。
flunk:闪烁
John Brummett, the acerbic columnist for the Arkansas Gazette, wrote a column wondering whether our trial separation might end in divorce.
《阿肯色州公报》的尖酸刻薄的专栏作家约翰.布鲁梅特写了一篇专栏文章，预测我们的“试验性离婚”是否会导致“离婚”。
divorce:离婚
But her blog, an acerbic critique of the hypocrisies of life on the communist -led island might have made her just that.
而在其博客中，桑切斯针对这个共产主义岛国上虚美隐恶的生活所发表的尖锐批评，却使她身陷囹圄。
critique:批评
On Guangzhou market, bath crock market has Yakeli rate is older, material surface is Yakeli get together fat of third acerbity armour, the reverse side uses colophony gesso to add fibre glass.
在广州市场上，亚克力浴缸市场占有率较大，亚克力纤维表面为聚丙酸甲脂，背面采用树脂石膏加玻璃纤维。
fibre:纤维
In the meantime, the cheese ammonia in yoghurt is acerbity to alleviating psychological pressure passes big, high - strung causes with angst human body exhaustion has very great help.
同时，酸奶中的酪氨酸对于缓解心理压力过大、高度紧张和忧虑而引发的人体疲惫有很大的帮助。
angst:忧虑
Often be before computer, the eye is a bit urticant a bit acerbity better with the sort of eyedrop, stimulation is small.
经常在电脑前，眼睛有点痒有点涩用那种眼药水比较更好，刺激小。
better:更好
My menstruation deferred 7 days, this paragraph of time often the waist is acerbity, the breast bilges painful, alvine is aching how to return a responsibility?
我的月经延迟了7天，这段时间经常腰酸，乳房胀痛，小腹疼是怎么回事？
deferred:延迟
My menstruation deferred 7 days, this paragraph of time often the waist is acerbity, the breast bilges painful, alvine is aching how to return a responsibility?
我的月经推迟了7天，这段时间经常腰酸，乳房胀痛，小腹痛苦是怎么回事？
aching:痛苦
Amount to a person to criticize an aspect: This makes up filar ammonia acerbity part is contained in water, can stimulate fiber bud cell, promote transparent generate acerbitily character.
达人评点：这款产生里含有丝氨酸成分，可以刺激纤维芽细胞，促进透明质酸的生成。
generate:产生
Conversely, open the sound when shutting impure, move feeling acerbity sluggish, the voice that has midway intermittence state criterion quality is poorer.
反之，启闭时声音不纯、关闭涩滞，有中途间歇状态的声音则质量较差。
shutting:关闭
Conversely, open the sound when shutting impure, move feeling acerbity sluggish, the voice that has midway intermittence state criterion quality is poorer.
反之，启闭时声音不纯、动感涩滞，有中途间歇感觉的声音则质量较差。
feeling:感觉
This tea has a rich taste with sweetness and saltiness amid acerbity, as well as a permeating fragrance.
这种茶在苦涩中带着浓重的又甜又咸的甜味，还有扑鼻的香味。
sweetness:甜味
This tea has a rich taste with sweetness and saltiness amid acerbity, as well as a permeating fragrance.
这种茶在粗鲁中带着浓重的又甜又咸的味道，还有扑鼻的香味。
acerbity:粗鲁
Try to avoid retinol, retinyl palmitate and retinyl acetate, which may increase the risk of hip fracture and certain birth defects when taken at levels exceeding 10, 000 IUs.
应当试着避免视黄醇、棕榈酸视黄酯和视黄醇乙酸酯，如果摄入这些在超出10000IU，则可能会增加髋部骨折和某些出生缺陷的风险。
at:在
Rather than getting stored as fat, the main fate of alcohol is conversion into a substance called acetate.
酒精主要是转化为一种叫醋酸盐的物质，而不是获得脂肪储存。
getting:获得
Rather than getting stored as fat, the main fate of alcohol is conversion into a substance called acetate.
酒精主要是转换为一种叫醋酸盐的物质，而不是作为脂肪储存。
conversion:转换
DCA, or dichloroacetic acid, is an analogue of acetic acid in which chlorine atoms replace two of the three hydrogen atoms on the methyl group.
DCA也叫二氯乙酸或二氯醋酸，是一种类似乙酸的酸，但乙基团上有两个氢原子被氯原子所取代。
acid:酸
DCA, or dichloroacetic acid, is an analogue of acetic acid in which chlorine atoms replace two of the three hydrogen atoms on the methyl group.
DCA也叫二氯乙酸或二氯醋酸，是一种类似乙酸的酸，但乙基团上有两个氢原子被氯原子所取代。
acid:酸
It seems that the acid in vinegar -- acetic acid -- switches on genes that make certain fat - burning enzymes spring into action, helping to suppress the accumulation of body fat.
学者们觉得是醋里面的酸物质——醋酸——接通了小鼠体内的某些基因，这些基因转成许多专管燃烧脂肪的蛋白酶，而这些活跃的酶有助于抑制脂肪的酸。
acid:酸
It seems that the acid in vinegar -- acetic acid -- switches on genes that make certain fat - burning enzymes spring into action, helping to suppress the accumulation of body fat.
学者们觉得是醋里面的酸物质——醋酸——接通了小鼠体内的某些基因，这些基因转成许多专管燃烧脂肪的蛋白酶，而这些活跃的酶有助于抑制脂肪的酸。
acid:酸
Vinegar has acetic acid, which disables the box jelly’s nematocysts that have not yet discharged into the bloodstream (though it will not alleviate the pain).
醋含有酸性物质能预防毒液在血流中扩散（但不能减缓疼痛）。
bloodstream:血流
The technique involves applying four per cent acetic acid (vinegar) to the uterine cervix and examining it with the naked eye under bright light.
这项它使用4%的乙酸（醋）涂抹宫颈，然后在亮光下用肉眼检查宫颈。
it:它
Examples of fixatives are formaldehyde, osmium tetroxide, ethanol, and acetic acid.
像甲醛、锇酸、乙醇及乙酸等都是常用的固定剂。
ethanol:乙醇
DME is a preferred substitute for chlorofluorocarbons and can derive a number of products with high value such as dimethyl carbonate, acetic acid, acetic anhydride and formaldehyde.
二甲醚是氯氟碳的替代品，用它可以开发一系列高附加值产品，例如碳酸二甲酯、醋酸、醋酐、甲醛等；
chlorofluorocarbons:氯氟碳
Acetic acid is used as an intermediate in a wide range of products including fibres, paints, adhesives, pharmaceuticals and printing inks.
醋酸是一种被广泛运用于生产纤维，油漆，粘胶，药品和打印墨水的中间产品。
paints:油漆
It is period that brewed acetic acid with fixed- acetobacter occur peroxidation. In this paper, we introduced the phenomenon? causation ?function and control means of peroxidation.
固定化醋酸菌酿造食醋的现象会产生过氧化反应，文章简述过氧化反应产生的现象、原因、机理和控制的方法。
phenomenon:现象
Bipolar membrane electrodialysis(BME) is used to convert sodium amino acetate to amino acetic acid and sodium hydroxide in the dehydrogenation oxidation of ethanolamine to produce amino acetic acid.
通过双极性膜电渗析技术，把一乙醇胺脱氢氧化生产氨基乙酸过程中产生的氨基乙酸钠乙酸酯转化为氨基乙酸和氢氧化钠。
acetate:乙酸酯
The square and rectangular patterns are derived from Divaricatic acid from Evernia divaricata (lichen), recrystallized from acetone.
四角形和长方形图案来自枝衣属鸦葱（苔藓）分枝地衣酸的丙酮重结晶。
square:四角形
Nail polish removers have acetone, a solvant, which causes the nails to become brittle.
指甲油清洁剂含有丙酮，这是一种除去者，使用它会让指甲变得脆弱。
removers:除去者
Other popular cosmetics were an indelible pencil (quite ordinary, not cosmetic) and parquet lacquer with acetone coming complete.
其他常见的化妆品则有“消不去铅笔”（建筑业常用，本不是化妆品）和成分完全是丙酮的 parquet。
parquet:parquet
The foil and its connections to the charge electrodes must withstand inks based on a range of solvents such as acetone, ethanol, methyl-ethyl- ketone and water.
这些箔片和他的连接线到电极，必须能够经受油墨中的溶剂，如，丙乙酮，乙醇，甲基乙酮和水。
acetone:乙酮
The results show that after 700 ℃ annealing, the sample has excellent selectivity and high sensitivity (34. 794) towards acetone at 220 ℃ of the optimum operating temperature.
结果表明：经过700℃退火后的样品，在最佳工作温度为220℃时，对丙酮有很最佳的选择性和很高的灵敏度（34.794）。
optimum:最佳
Recent estimates suggest the lakes are made of 80 per cent ethane, with slugs of propane, methane and acetylene, which could be a source of food for Titanian life, some researchers suggest.
最近的一些分析表明土卫六的湖泊是由80%的乙烷，以及没有燃烧的丙烷，甲烷和乙炔的小液滴，一些研究者表示这些可能会是维持土卫六上生命的食物。
food:食物
New calculations suggest Titan's hydrocarbon lakes are loaded with acetylene, a chemical some scientists say could serve as food for cold -resistant organisms.
新的推测认为泰坦的碳氢湖装载了乙炔，一种可以成为耐寒生物养料的物质。
loaded:装载
New calculations suggest Titan's hydrocarbon lakes are loaded with acetylene, a chemical some scientists say could serve as food for cold -resistant organisms.
新的推测认为泰坦的碳氢湖充满了乙炔，一种可以成为耐寒生物养料的食物。
food:食物
Please contact our technical service department if your applications involve interaction with oxygen or acetylene gases.
如果用户的应用包括氧气或乙炔气体的联系，请联系我们的技术服务部门。
contact:联系
The results in three years indicated that the method of acetylene reduction in vivo was move fast, convenient, simple and reliable.
经三年实验表明，乙炔还原活体移动共生固氮的方法是快速、灵敏、简便、可靠的。
move:移动
Results show that the addition reaction of bromine with acetylene was obviously influenced by light condition.
研究表明，光线条件对溴素与乙炔加成反应过程有非常明显的受影响。
influenced:受影响
Secondly, calcium carbide easy and moisture from the air after the compounds produced inflammable and explosive gas, this is generally acetylene stave machinery more no problems in.
其次，电石容易与空气中的水分化合后产生易燃易爆的乙炔空气，这是一般破碎机械中更没有遇到的问题。
air:空气
It is because that the particle size of acetylene black is smaller than that of graphite, it is easy to disperse well among active material.
这是因为乙炔黑的粒度比石墨小，比表面积相对更大，能很好地分散在活性材料之间。
material:材料
The excruciating pain of the first blast is gone, and now there is the throb and ache of an amputated soul.
第一次爆发的极度痛苦已经消失，现在有的是一个被截去一部分的灵魂的悸动和痛苦的。
excruciating:痛苦的
The excruciating pain of the first blast is gone, and now there is the throb and ache of an amputated soul.
第一次爆发的极度痛苦已经消失，现在有的是一个被截去一部分的灵魂的悸动和颤抖。
throb:颤抖
The excruciating pain of the first blast is gone, and now there is the throb and ache of an amputated soul.
第一次爆发的极度痛苦已经消失，现在有的是一个被截去一部分的灵魂的悸动和痛苦。
ache:痛苦
But if we had to listen to that signal every time we felt an ache or pain, we wouldn't be able to do anything.
但是如果我们每次在感到痛苦时都不得不先听那个信号时，我们将不能够对此痛苦作出任何的作为。
ache:痛苦
I put it down on paper and then the ghost does not ache so much.
我把它写在纸上，然后心里的幽灵就不那么痛苦了。
ache:痛苦
Soon his hand began to ache and he went to hospital.
很快,他的手开始痛苦,于是他去了医院。
ache:痛苦
Great moments in life will not feel as great if the back ache is on your mind, and the last thing you want is to slow down too early, just to see your life fly by in front of you.
当你回顾你的人生时，生活中最重要的时刻会变得并不重要，如果你的脑子里只有背部的痛苦。而你最不愿意做的事情就是过早地放慢自己的脚步，无力地看着时光飞逝。
ache:痛苦
And if by chance he espied children playing on the open terrace of any roof, his heart would ache with longing.
偶尔捕捉到小孩子在屋顶上玩耍的场景时，他的心便会由于满怀憧憬而痛苦不已。
ache:痛苦
And if by chance he espied children playing on the open terrace of any roof, his heart would ache with longing.
偶尔捕捉到小孩子在屋顶上玩耍的场景时，他的心便会由于满怀渴望而疼痛不已。
longing:渴望
My jaw begins to ache from the unaccustomed length of my smile; just for while I’m truly happy.
我不习惯这么长时间的微笑，以至我的下巴都痛苦了。但是我真的很开心。
ache:痛苦
I think I have finished her, however, though she made my fingers ache.
不过，我想我还是把它挤完了，尽管我把手指头都给挤痛苦了。
ache:痛苦
BUT SEE THE DOC IF... you get an ache in your calves which comes on after you ’ve walked a certain distance, particularly if you ’re a smoker – that really could mean your blood vessels are clogging up.
但如果有以下现象就要去看医生了……你在走了一段距离后，感到小腿痛苦——尤其是如果你是一个吸烟者——那可能真的说明你的血管堵塞了。
ache:痛苦
BUT SEE THE DOC IF... you get an ache in your calves which comes on after you ’ve walked a certain distance, particularly if you ’re a smoker – that really could mean your blood vessels are clogging up.
但如果有以下现象就要去看医生了……你在行走了一段距离后，感到小腿疼痛——尤其是如果你是一个吸烟者——那可能真的说明你的血管堵塞了。
walked:行走
BUT SEE THE DOC IF... you get an ache in your calves which comes on after you ’ve walked a certain distance, particularly if you ’re a smoker – that really could mean your blood vessels are clogging up.
但如果有以下现象就要去看医生了……你在走了一段距离后，感到小腿疼痛——尤其是如果你是一个吸烟者——那可能真的说明你的血管封锁了。
clogging:封锁
When you do that for hours on end, it results in perpetual lower back ache, numbness, stiffness, and a general sense of weakness in the back.
如果你长期地数小时保持这样的坐姿，下背部便会长期痛苦、麻木、僵硬，整个后背都会感觉疲软乏力。
ache:痛苦
We'll let you proceed with your lives — much of which will be spent paying for our retirement, in any case — without having to hear us complain about our every ache and reflux.
我们会让你们继续在自己的生活上前行，退休期将会占用其中大部分的时间。无论如何，听不到我们对痛苦和低潮的抱怨。
ache:痛苦
I didn't then get how the words could work as misdirection, giving the ache or bittersweet delight in the guitars space to get under your skin.
当时我还没有想到，歌词可以只作为一种误导，为吉他里的痛苦和苦乐交织留出空间，让它们渗入你的肌肤。
ache:痛苦
And in some way, your presence here is a response to that ache, to the knowledge that ambition can transform lives and transform societies, but only if it is met with opportunity.
从某种意义上讲，各位今天出席峰会正是对这种野心的响应，也说明雄心壮志可以改变生活、改变社会，但必须要有施展的机会。
ambition:野心
And in some way, your presence here is a response to that ache, to the knowledge that ambition can transform lives and transform societies, but only if it is met with opportunity.
从某种意义上讲，各位今天出席峰会正是对这种渴望的响应，也说明雄心壮志可以变换生活、变换社会，但必须要有施展的机会。
transform:变换
And in some way, your presence here is a response to that ache, to the knowledge that ambition can transform lives and transform societies, but only if it is met with opportunity.
从某种意义上讲，各位今天出席峰会正是对这种渴望的响应，也说明雄心壮志可以变换生活、变换社会，但必须要有施展的机会。
transform:变换
I hope this summit can help soothe that ache in all our societies, and that our countries can find common ground in providing our people purpose and opportunities for a better life.
我希望这次峰会有助于满足各个社会存在的这种渴望，并希望各国都能找到共同点，努力为民众改善生活寻求目的和机会。
purpose:目的
There's always a nagging injury, an ache that doesn't quite go away and a gnawing fatigue that erodes the spirit.
总是会有影响士气的因素，诸如没完没了的损伤、无法完全消失的痛苦以及折磨人的疲惫感。
ache:痛苦
But in the mouth this can be more difficult, depending where and how intense the ache is.
但是，嘴里的痛苦要分辨可就难多了，要取决于疼在哪里，以及痛苦的剧烈程度。
ache:痛苦
As she stood, hesitant, wondering where she could hide until the ache in her breast subsided a little, a thought came to her, bringing a small ray of hope.
她就犹豫不定地站着，不知该躲到哪里来了让痛苦的心情略略平息，这时她忽然起了一个念头，这给她带来了一线微弱的希望。
came:来了
But anyone who loves her laptop knows there can be agony in all that ecstasy: Using them regularly can make your neck throb, eyes ache, and shoulders cry uncle.
但是任何喜欢手提电脑的人也清楚这些方便所带来的痛苦：经常性的使用手提电脑会使你脖子，眼睛和肩膀出现颤抖的症状。
throb:颤抖
But anyone who loves her laptop knows there can be agony in all that ecstasy: Using them regularly can make your neck throb, eyes ache, and shoulders cry uncle.
但是任何喜欢手提电脑的人也清楚这些方便所带来的痛苦：经常性的使用手提电脑会使你脖子，眼睛和肩膀出现痛苦的症状。
ache:痛苦
Once you ’ve identified your overall purpose / mission, the next step is to turn that purpose into achievable goals, projects, and actions.
一旦你已确定的了全部的目标/任务，下一步就是把目标分解成一个个可达成的任务、计划和行动。
identified:已确定的
Once you ’ve identified your overall purpose / mission, the next step is to turn that purpose into achievable goals, projects, and actions.
一旦你确定了全部的目的/任务，下一步就是把目的分解成一个个可达成的任务、计划和行动。
purpose:目的
Once you ’ve identified your overall purpose / mission, the next step is to turn that purpose into achievable goals, projects, and actions.
一旦你确定了全部的目的/任务，下一步就是把目的分解成一个个可达成的任务、计划和行动。
purpose:目的
The green and blue bars at the back of the graph represent the compression achievable by compressing blocks without a restructuring pass.
图后部的绿色条和蓝色条表示不使用重新重组过程对块进行压缩所取得的压缩效果。
restructuring:重组
And then they have, what is this, numerical design ALARA objectives, this is ALARA, this is the as low as reasonably achievable radiation exposure. Containment leakage testing for these reactors.
然后，他们还有，这是什么，数值设计目标,这是，这个和可合理达到的辐射曝光一样低,这些反应堆的容器泄露测试。
testing:测试
While the Aircruise is only a conceptual proposal, designers have developed a detailed and achievable technical plan for the craft that could allow it to be built in the future.
当这种空中巡洋舰还只是个概念性的建议的期间，设计者们已经为在将来制造这种飞船而提出详细的、可操作性的专业设计。
While:期间
While the Aircruise is only a conceptual proposal, designers have developed a detailed and achievable technical plan for the craft that could allow it to be built in the future.
当这种空中巡洋舰还只是个概念性的建议的未来，设计者们已经为在将来制造这种飞船而提出详细的、可操作性的专业设计。
future:未来
But can keep you from falling off the cliff of achievement in no time. It will prevent you from wasting time and falling short in all aspect of you life!
树立只管降落做的心态需要时间，但是它立刻可以防止你从成就的悬崖上坠落，防止你浪费时间，产生不符合生活方面的标准的行为。
falling:降落
But can keep you from falling off the cliff of achievement in no time. It will prevent you from wasting time and falling short in all aspect of you life!
树立只管降落做的心态需要时间，但是它立刻可以防止你从成就的悬崖上坠落，防止你浪费时间，产生不符合生活方面的标准的行为。
falling:降落
An active achiever in sports and school, she attended Yale Law School, where she was one of only 27 women in a class of 235.
她在体育及学业方面都有积极、杰出的表现，并出席进入耶鲁大学法学院就读。在全班235名同学中，女生只占了27位，而她正是其中之一。
attended:出席
She is a great achiever and she is always determined to do her best and make the most out of all situations.
她是一个很伟大的的人，在不同环境底下她总是坚定去尽她全力去做好每一样事情。
great:伟大的
"Dan …" he said," I always considered myself an achiever in life. "
他说：“丹…我曾总把自己考虑是生活的成功者。
considered:考虑
I am an achiever who is just so driven with getting the results, and that can sometimes become an obsession.
我是一个特别执著于成就者事情开花就得结果的人，所以有时就显得太过讲究、偏执了点。
achiever:成就者
Dabbing his eyes with a tissue, he described how Liu's hamstring and Achilles tendon had caused excruciating pain, and how sports hospital staff had tried intensive massage to heal the injuries.
孙海平一边擦拭泪水，一边讲述刘翔受伤的腿筋和哈姆斯特林造成的巨大伤痛，他还讲述了医护人员精心按摩以求治愈他的伤病。
hamstring:哈姆斯特林
Earlier this spring, Liu had disappeared from public view, nursing a sore hamstring that led him to pull out of a May race and triggered another injury with his Achilles tendon.
早在今年春天的时候，刘翔为了治疗伤病就从公共视野里退出了，他因此还缺席了5月份的一场比赛。但不久他哈姆斯特林却又受了伤。
hamstring:哈姆斯特林
Earlier this spring, Liu had disappeared from public view, nursing a sore hamstring that led him to pull out of a May race and triggered another injury with his Achilles tendon.
早在今年春天的时候，刘翔为了治疗伤病就从公共视野里退出了，他因此还缺席了5月份的一场种族。但不久他跟腱却又受了伤。
race:种族
But the famous mausoleum is achingly beautiful at sunrise and two hours pass in a moment. It is the perfect place for quiet reflection.
太阳出来了，壮丽的泰姬陵美得让人心疼，两黎明一晃就过去了，这是个让人静下心来反思的好地方。
sunrise:黎明
Achingly moving, with career -high performances from Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal as the strong, silent, repressed lead characters.
莱杰HeathLedger和杰克。杰伦哈尔JakeGyllenhaal领衔出演强壮，沉默压抑的主角，给我们表演高水平的表演，让我们疼痛并感动着。
performances:表演
Harry Smith: Working at a desk all day can leave you achy and stressed, but yoga can help you deal with that and you don't even have to get out of your chair.
哈里·史密斯：坐在办公桌前工作一整天会让你的身体感到酸痛、紧张，但瑜伽可以让你甚至不用离开椅子就能得到缓解。
chair:椅子
Harry Smith: Working at a desk all day can leave you achy and stressed, but yoga can help you deal with that and you don’t even have to get out of your chair.
哈�·史密斯：坐在办公桌前工作一整天会让你的身体感到酸痛、紧张，但瑜伽可以让你甚至不用离开椅子就能得到缓解。
chair:椅子
And that’s not the only damage fame has done: she admits that she ’s dying for a foot massage, to relieve her achy feet after all those days spent walking in sky -high heels.
并且带来的伤害不止这一件：她承认她的脚正在接受推拿按摩，因为那些天连续穿高根鞋而脚疼。
massage:按摩
Which is worse: A contagious, achy -all- over virus that runs its course in a week or two or an itchy -all-over allergic reaction that may last months?
到底哪一个更更糟呢：是引起全身疼上一两周的传染病毒还是导致全身发痒数月的过敏反应？
worse:更糟
You don't want to wake up on race morning with achy legs, swollen feet, or excess fatigue from socializing and sightseeing.
在种族当天起床时，您不想由于社交和观光导致您双腿酸痛，双脚肿胀，或过度疲劳吧。
race:种族
Sodium bicarbonate, an alkaline compound that protect sperm from the slightly acid environment of the vagina.
碳酸氢钠，这种碱性酸在阴道内的微酸性环境中为精子提供保护。
acid:酸
Since these carbonates dissolve in acid, the persistence of these mounds indicates that water perhaps less acidic and more favorable for life might have once flowed across Mars.
因为这些碳酸盐能被溶解在酸中，所以这写小丘的生命表明这些没那么酸并且适宜生命生命的水可能在火星流淌。
life:生命
Since these carbonates dissolve in acid, the persistence of these mounds indicates that water perhaps less acidic and more favorable for life might have once flowed across Mars.
因为这些碳酸盐可以溶解在酸中，这些岩石能长久保存下来就说明在火星上可能曾经流动着酸性并不太大，更适宜生命生命的水。
life:生命
But as carbon dioxide builds up in the atmosphere, ocean water becomes more acidic.
但随着大气中二氧化碳含量的高，海水变得酸性更强。
up:高
But as carbon dioxide builds up in the atmosphere, ocean water becomes more acidic. And shellfish have trouble growing their shells.
但随着大气中二氧化碳含量的高，海水变得酸性更强。而甲壳类生物难以生成它们的甲壳了。
up:高
Although evidence from the martian rovers indicates that long ago Mars might once have had liquid water on its surface, that water might also have been too acidic for familiar life forms to thrive.
虽然从火星漫步中搜集的证据表明很久以前火星表面可能曾经一度有液态水的生命，但那水也可能酸性过大，我们所熟知的生命都无法承受。
life:生命
Although evidence from the martian rovers indicates that long ago Mars might once have had liquid water on its surface, that water might also have been too acidic for familiar life forms to thrive.
尽管从火星车收集到的证据表明很久以前火星表面生命液态水，但是这些液态水可能太酸了，因此常见的生命形式无法依靠其繁衍。
life:生命
Slurp 15 milliliters (about atablespoon) of vinegar daily, perhaps diluting it with milk or soda to make itless acidic and more palatable.
每日，嘟嘟地牛奶15毫升（约一汤匙）醋，也可与牛奶或苏打水稀释，减少酸性，使它更可口。
milk:牛奶
Even worse, excessive consumption of this acidic citrus fruit could lead to a stomach ulcer.
更更糟的是，过多的消耗这样的酸性水果可能导致胃溃疡。
worse:更糟
Tomatoes grow in just about any soil, but they really thrive in rich, well - draining loam that is slightly acidic.
番茄在任何土壤中都能生长，但在罗姆肥沃、排水良好的微酸性粘土中长势最为繁茂。
loam:罗姆
Acidic water dissolves layers of limestone at the surface of the ground, resulting in shallow sinkholes or towering rock columns.
酸性的水对地表石灰层的逐渐侵蚀，有时腐蚀出浅显的岩坑，有时雕筑出高耸的石灰岩。
limestone:石灰岩
Acidic water dissolves layers of limestone at the surface of the ground, resulting in shallow sinkholes or towering rock columns.
酸性的浅对地表石灰层的逐渐侵蚀，有时腐蚀出浅显的岩坑，有时雕筑出高耸的岩柱。
shallow:浅
Acidic water dissolves layers of limestone at the surface of the ground, resulting in shallow sinkholes or towering rock columns.
酸性的水对地表石灰层的逐渐侵蚀，有时腐蚀出浅显的岩坑，有时雕筑出崇高的岩柱。
towering:崇高
"That's probably it," replied the dentist "Hollandaise sauce is made with lemon juice, which is acidic and highly corrosive.
“估计就是这个了，”医生答道，“荷兰荷兰语是柠檬汁做的，柠檬汁是酸性的并且非常有腐蚀性。
Hollandaise:荷兰语
Combined with water vapor, sulfur dioxide forms sulfate aerosols, which can spread around the globe, blocking solar radiation and chilling the air before becoming acid rain and snow.
二氧化硫跟水蒸气结合形成硫酸盐空气，这种空气可以遍布全球，在变成酸雨和酸雪之前阻隔太阳辐射，降低气温。
air:空气
Serious soil erosion, acid rain and polluted waterways also affect the lives of millions.
严重的污染、酸雨和河道污染也在影响着千百万人的生活。
polluted:污染
He told SciDev .Net, "Aerosol pollution can lead to acid rain, and low - level aerosol particles are generally bad for air quality — and therefore human- health.
他告诉本网站说：“空气污染可能导致酸雨，而低浓度的空气颗粒通常对空气质量不利——也对人类健康不利。
air:空气
Coal contains less energy per unit of weight than natural gas or oil; it is difficult to transport, and it is associated with a host of environmental issues, among them acid rain.
煤的单位能量含量低于石油和天然气，而且会导致包含酸雨在内的一系列环境问题。
contains:包含
Coal contains less energy per unit of weight than natural gas or oil; it is difficult to transport, and it is associated with a host of environmental issues, among them acid rain.
煤的单位能量问题低于石油和天然气，而且会导致包括酸雨在内的一系列环境问题。
issues:问题
This difficult task is the acid test for all of us.
这项困难的任务对于我们大家都是一种严格考验。
task:任务
These tasks can be collectively referred to as the ACID test; ACID is an acronym for Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, and Durability.
这些任务可以合称为ACID测试；ACID是Atomicity（原子性）、Consistency（一致性）、Isolation（孤立性）和Durability（持久性）的缩略词。
Isolation:孤立
However, Apache Derby is fully compliant with the ACID test, and you can use it with confidence to develop Web -based database applications.
但是，ApacheDerby与ACID测试完全兼容，您可以放心地应用它开发基于Web 的数据库应用程序。
applications:应用
For critical e- business or Web -based applications, passing the ACID test is a must.
对于关键的电子商务或基于Web 的应用程序，通过ACID测试是必须的。
must:必须
Audi ultra technology has passed an extreme acid test this weekend, ” said head of Motorsport Dr. Wolfgang Ullrich after car # 2 crossed the finish line.
当奥迪2号赛车冲过终点线时，奥迪赛车部主管WolfgangUllrich博士说：“本周奥迪极致科技交叉了一项极其苛刻的测试。”
crossed:交叉
This is the acid test, and this is where we are failing ," said WHO Director General Dr Margaret Chan, speaking Tuesday at the opening session of the TDR Joint Coordinating Board.
这是一个决定性的考验，而我们在这方面不及格，”世卫组织总干事陈冯富珍博士在星期二热带病研究和培训特别规划联合协调板会议的开幕式上讲话时说。
Board:板
Because in your acknowledgement of your prosperous now your prosperity must become more.
因为你感谢你现在的丰盛，你一定会变得更加丰盛。
now:现在
Its general acceptance requires the acknowledgment of the truth that one cannot make all people richer by printing money.
普遍接受金本位需要承认一个真话，就是印发钞票是不能使所有的人更加富有的。
truth:真话
It was the only acknowledgment he received from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in his career.
这是他职业生涯中唯一一次收到的美国电影艺术与科学学院的承认。
received:收到的
ACME deals with all the issues associated with the complete insurance servicing life cycle — including rating, underwriting, and servicing insurance policies.
ACME处理与完整的保险服务生命周期相关联的所有问题——包括评级、承付和保险单维护。
underwriting:承付
PuSi into phil It has already been analyzed, on the field just like external cause, and fighting progressive is the internal cause, internal and external combination will reach the acme.
前面已经分析过了，放到喜欢的领域只是外因，而战斗进取是内因，内外结合才会达到极致。
fighting:战斗
After losses of its own, ACME, another Haitian microbank, raised additional capital this summer.
海地的另一家小额贷款银行ACME在它自身损失之后，于今年夏天又升高了追加资本。
raised:升高
After you run these commands, you should be able to see orders in your ACME. ORDERS table as shown in figure 1.
运行了这些ORDERS后，应该能够看到ACME.ORDERS表内的订单，如图1 所示。
ORDERS:ORDERS
After you run these commands, you should be able to see orders in your ACME. ORDERS table as shown in figure 1.
运行了这些命令后，应该能够看到ACME.ORDERS表内的订单，图形1 所示。
figure:图形
Each activity is implemented as an interaction with a web service provided either by Acme Travel or by one of its business partners.
每个活动都被活动与AcmeTravel或它的业务伙伴之一提供的Web服务之间的交互而实现。
activity:活动
Figure 6 depicts various departments within Acme and demonstrates that each department has an IT team to focus on its IT requirements.
六6描绘了Acme中的各个部门，并表明了每个部门具有集中于其IT需求的IT团队。
6:六
Figure 6 depicts various departments within Acme and demonstrates that each department has an IT team to focus on its IT requirements.
图6描绘了Acme中的各个部门，并表明了每个部门具有集中注意力于其IT需求的IT团队。
focus:集中注意力
Using makeup can cause acne but it can also be easily avoided.
使用化妆确会导致痤疮，但是它可以轻易地被避免。
makeup:化妆
But what you're actually doing is pushing the bacteria inside of a pimple or zit further into your skin, causing the acne to stay longer.
但实际上，你这样做会使得在粉刺或者青春痘中的细菌进入到你皮肤的更深处，如此，皮毛就更难消了。
pimple:皮毛
But what you're actually doing is pushing the bacteria inside of a pimple or zit further into your skin, causing the acne to stay longer.
但实际上，你这样做会使得在粉刺或者青春痘中的细菌进入到你皮肤的更深处，如此，吉特就更难消了。
zit:吉特
No matter what you call them, acne can be distressing and annoyingly persistent.
无论你如何称呼它们，痤疮都代表了持续的痛苦和令人悲伤。
distressing:令人悲伤
In other words, depression could fuel poor body image, which could cause a teenager to believe that his acne is worse than it is.
换句话说，抑郁会推动更糟的身体形像产生，这会让一个青少年认为他的痤疮比实际上要严重的多。
worse:更糟
The good news about acne is that it usually gets better or disappears by the end of adolescence.
更好是，在青春期结束的时候，青春痘都会变得不严重，或者消失。
better:更好
Acolyte: Pardon, Lord, but a being of Kel'Thuzad's power can only be reanimated at a nexus of powerful ley- energies, and there are no such places in this land.
侍僧：“对不起，我的主人，但是想要克尔苏加德大人复活，必须将他的遗体送到有强大能源在那儿的地方，但是这里没有这样的地方。”
there:在那儿
In the secret rites of this Great Mother the young god Attis figured as her acolyte and consort … Each year he was born at the winter solstice, and each year as the days shortened, he died.
在这位伟大的母亲的神秘仪式里，年轻的神阿提斯是扮演她的助手和妻子的角色……每年，他在冬至日出生；每年，随着白天时间的缩短，他死去。
consort:妻子
She made a halt here, and breakfasted a second time, heartily enough - not at the Sow - and - Acorn, for she avoided inns, but at a cottage by the church.
她在艾维斯黑德休息了一会儿，又早餐了一次早饭，早餐得又香又甜——她不是在母猪与橡实客栈早餐的饭，为了避开客栈，她是在教堂旁边的一家农舍里早餐的饭。
breakfasted:早餐
As they read the Squirrel Daily ’s Business section looking for an update on the upcoming acorn tax legislation.
在“松鼠日报”商业版寻找即将读的橡子税收法规方面的新闻；
read:读
As they read the Squirrel Daily ’s Business section looking for an update on the upcoming acorn tax legislation.
在“松鼠日报”商业版寻找即将出台的橡子税收法规方面的更新；
update:更新
And contrary to what ACORN, our politicians, and other socialists would have you believe, it is not usually the case that minimum - wage earners are single mothers raising children.
与ACORN、我们的社会主义者，还有其他社会主义者让你们相信的恰恰相反，通常领最低工资的人都不是单亲父母。
socialists:社会主义者
And contrary to what ACORN, our politicians, and other socialists would have you believe, it is not usually the case that minimum - wage earners are single mothers raising children.
与ACORN、我们的政客，还有其他社会主义者让你们相信的恰恰相反，通常领最低工资的人都不是单亲母亲。
mothers:母亲
One way is to sit on an acorn and wait; the other way is to climb it.
一种方法是坐在一棵树果皮上等待它长大，另一种方法是爬到树的顶端。
acorn:果皮
Using a small acoustic microphone in the device, vibrations caused by a user scratching or tapping on a tabletop are detected and used as input signals.
通过在设备中使用小型的声学麦克风，用户在屏幕上轻划或是轻拍而产生的震动就能被检测出来并作为输入输入。
input:输入
Dubbed an acoustic lens, the device could also be used to create near photo - quality images of internal organs that surpass the resolution of modern ultrasounds.
该设备被人们 Dubbed声透镜 ，可以用来摄制质量接近照片的人体内部器官的图像，它的分辨率超过现代的超声波。
Dubbed:Dubbed
When the acoustic waves that make sound cause the fibres to vibrate it produces a corresponding electrical signal that can be detected.
当此类纤维振动导致声波出现的时候它们可以产生一定的能相应的捕捉到的电子信号。
corresponding:相应的
The MH - 60R collects and processes voice, video, radar and acoustic sensor data to alert the Navy vessels it supports of undersea or surface movements and threats.
该MH-60R还将数据和处理语音，视频，雷达和声学传感器的数据，提醒海底或海面海军船只的运动情况和所面临的威胁。
data:数据
Military researchers are looking to combine an acoustic gunshot detector with a dazzling laser that will startle shooters who take aim at American helos.
军事研究员们正在试图将声学枪响探测器与一条耀眼的激光相结合，激光将惊吓到将美国直升机作为目的的射手。
aim:目的
Each hierarchical layer has to settle down; lateral causes have to slosh around and come to rest; a million autonomous agents have to acquaint themselves.
每一个层面都必须安定下来；横向代理人必须充分传播并归于平静；上百万自治成员必须相互了解。
agents:代理人
To pass the time while waiting for your boyfriend or an acquaintance who just flew into the city and is most likely lost, why not pretend you ’re on holiday at some opulent ski resort?
在等你的男友或者某个刚飞来这座城市的熟人的时间是最无聊难熬的同时，那为什么不想象一下你是在某个漂亮的滑雪胜地度假呢？
while:同时
Then, one acquaintance obtained a graduate traineeship at a large bank by bumping his third- class degree up to a 2:1.
当时，我的一个熟人在将他的三等学位抬高至二等一级(2:1)学位后，获得的了一家大银行培训生一职。
obtained:获得的
The UCL team scanned the brains of 20 young mothers while they viewed pictures of their own children, children they were acquainted with, and adult friends.
当20位年轻母亲在扫描自己的孩子，熟识的孩子和成年朋友的照片时，伦敦大学学院的研究小组对他们的大脑进行了扫描。
scanned:扫描
The UCL team scanned the brains of 20 young mothers while they viewed pictures of their own children, children they were acquainted with, and adult friends.
当20位年轻母亲在看自己的孩子，熟识的孩子和成年朋友的照片同时，伦敦大学学院的研究小组对他们的大脑进行了扫描。
while:同时
She is better acquainted with his heart than I, or anyone besides; and she would never represent him as worse than he is.
她比我，或比其他任何人，更熟悉他的心。而且她绝不会把他说得比他本人更糟。
worse:更糟
The purport of the science is to become acquainted with the procedure of finite thought: and, if it is adapted to its presupposed object, the science is entitled to be styled correct.
这门科学的主旨在于认识有限思维的运用过程，只要这门科学所采取的方法能够适合于处理其所设定的科学，这门科学就算是正确的。
science:科学
The purport of the science is to become acquainted with the procedure of finite thought: and, if it is adapted to its presupposed object, the science is entitled to be styled correct.
这门科学的主旨在于认识有限思维的运用过程，只要这门科学所采取的方法能够适合于处理其所设定的科学，这门科学就算是正确的。
science:科学
I wish I could be acquainted with the feelings and thoughts which must agitate the heart and present themselves to the mind of an enlightened Englishman, when he first lands on this continent.
赫克托．圣约翰．克雷夫科尔但愿我能熟悉那种必将鼓动人心的感情和思想，并且在一个开明的英国人首次踏上这片大陆现在，将这种思想和感情原原本本地展现在他眼前。
present:现在
The American public might acquiesce to climate aid to China if it were sold as a kind of trade stimulus or partnership, however.
然而，美国公众可能会默许以伙伴关系刺激或者合作形式出现的对华气候资助。
partnership:伙伴关系
And the film does make a plausible case that Bush himself conceived, promoted and justified the war, fought off objections to it and did not simply acquiesce to the arguments of others.
而本片的确提出了似是而非的论点，证明布什本人构思了、推动了并且合理化了这场战争，他力排异议，没有简单地对别人的意见加以默许。
arguments:论点
And the customer can't acquiesce when other people on the team tell him to go away and stop making trouble.
客户不能在团队其他人叫他离开叫他不要制造麻烦时勉强接受。
acquiesce:接受
She wants to marry a poor primary -school teacher but her parents will never acquiesce.
她想嫁一位希望小学教师，但她的父母永不会默许。
wants:希望
If the producers don't acquiesce, they risk building planes airlines can't pay for, but accommodating customers could also leave production gaps.
如果制造商不接受，就会面临航空公司无力支付的风险，但如果满足客户的要求，也可能造成生产中断。
acquiesce:接受
My acquiescence to everything has meant that they are not only buzzing with e-numbers and sugar, but are exhausted, too
我默许他们做的每件事，意谓着他们不在听到我的唠叨，但是也让我感到疲惫不堪。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
Direct observation in an acquiescent state exposes the fantasy of conceptual designations of reality.
在默许的状态下直接观察暴露了现实概念指名的幻想。
designations:指名
Accordingly, below acquiescent condition, in -house net webpage does not show with standard mode.
因此，在默认条件下，内部网网页不是以标准模式显示的。
condition:条件
The appearance dot that the user can adjust is set in acquiescent condition for 80%.
用户可以调节的样点在默认条件下设为80%。
condition:条件
Your character, your present skill, your capacity to develop and acquire new skills in the future, and your history of living all combine to make up what you bring to new situations.
你的性格，你目前的技能，你在将来获取和发展新技能的能力，以及你的生活工作生活，所有这些东西加在一起，共同构成你对新情况的适应能力。
living:生活
But I believe we acquire a new language in order to effectively communicate with people not of our country and culture.
但我认为，我们掌握另外一门语言是为了能有效地与来自别国的、不同文化背景的人语言。
language:语言
If the newcomers acquire fuel production and reprocessing facilities then the risk of material finding its way into weapons will rise sharply.
如果新兴核国家获取了燃料生产和再加工设施，那么材料流向武器制造的风险将急剧增加。
risk:风险
Launch yourself in a direction you want to go by considering the skills you have and enjoy using, skills you want to acquire and rewards that are meaningful to you.
考虑你喜欢、并能在工作中应用的技能、希望获得的技能或对你有意义的奖励，这样能给自己一个理想的定位。
considering:考虑
Twenty -five years since it was first identified, there is still no cure for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.
自从25年前正式已确定的这种疾病以来，对于后天性免疫缺陷综合症仍然没有有效的治疗。
identified:已确定的
There is no cure for the disease Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome or AIDS.
没有一种灵丹妙药能治愈后天免疫缺损综合症，或称艾滋病。
cure:治愈
There is no cure for the disease Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome or AIDS.
没有一种灵丹妙药能医治后天艾滋病综合症，或称艾滋病。
AIDS:艾滋病
In immunosuppressed and immunodeficient individuals, including patients with organ transplantation, malignant tumor, acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), toxoplasma can cause them to death.
在艾滋病、恶性肿瘤、器官移植等免疫力功能低下者，感染弓形虫是致死性个人之一。
individuals:个人
As one example, when the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) first appeared, it was seen primarily as a homosexual disease or a disease that afflicted very poor Africans.
例如，当艾滋病最初出现时，这种病主要出现视作一种同性恋病症或一种非洲穷人所患的病。
appeared:出现
The UK process gives everyone a chance to put their case to investors: not only does a target company do so but the acquirer must justify its offer to its shareholders.
英国的程序让每个人都有机会向股东陈述自己的论点：不只是目标公司会这么做，收购者也必须向股东证明其报价的合理性。
shareholders:股东
Depending on how many shares a potential acquirer buys in the market; a formal offer to other shareholders may be required under stock exchange regulations.
根据潜在的收购者在市场上所购买的股票的多少，有时需要根据交易所的规定，向其他持股人发出正式的收购要约。
buys:购买
This constant drive to improve our standing in life through the acquisition of money, power, or skills robs us of contentment and joy.
于是我们通过获得金钱、权利和技能想要持续改善现有的生活，而这种驱动力让满足和满意远离了我们。
contentment:满意
This routine is called twice— before and after mutex acquisition — to determine whether further processing is required based on the time elapsed.
在获取互斥锁之前和之后各调用这个时间一次，从而根据经过的时间决定是否需要进一步处理。
time:时间
Shifting production to China from Sweden might reduce costs and improve the acquisition numbers.
将生产从瑞典变换到中国可能会降低成本，改善收购后的业绩。
Shifting:变换
Randherself regarded the play as a "trial" for the audience: jurors whoshared her sense of reverence for heroic individualism would, she believed, vote to acquit.
兰德本人把这出戏被视为对观众的“审判”：她相信，与她分享对英雄个人主义敬畏感的陪审员们会表决宣布无罪。
regarded:被视为
Randherself regarded the play as a "trial" for the audience: jurors whoshared her sense of reverence for heroic individualism would, she believed, vote to acquit.
兰德本人把这出戏视为对观众的“审判”：她被视为，与她分享对英雄个人主义敬畏感的陪审员们会表决宣布无罪。
regarded:被视为
The main design conception of this study is using the totem of Amis's cloth and accessory to create arts, in order to acquit different styles.
本研究主要设计概念是以阿美族附件上的图纹，加以创作设计在作品上，以表现出不同的风格。
accessory:附件
A legal advocacy group for Latinos in the United States has criticized the acquittal of two young men of charges in connection with the killing of an undocumented Mexican immigrant.
美国一个宣传拉丁美洲人的律师团批评法院，原因是法院宣布两名涉嫌杀害一名无文件证明身份的墨西哥移民的年轻人无罪。
advocacy:宣传
The study, published in the journal Biotechnology for Biofuels, discovered that watermelons could produce around 20 gallons of fuel per acre from fruit that otherwise would go to waste.
这项在《生物燃料的生物科技》期刊上发表的研究发现，每英亩的西瓜能产生约20加仑的燃料，而(如果不出版利用，)这些水果就会被白白浪费。
published:出版
The warehouse was surrounded by what felt like an acre of siding, sawn and stacked high overhead, open to the sky and surrounded by pastureland.
仓库的四周大约有一英亩的地上露天堆放着高过头顶的侧墙板，都是锯断的。这些木料堆外围是牧场。
pastureland:牧场
With so many units built into such a small area, the housing complex will achieve a density of 30 units per acre of water, leaving more open water surrounding the structure.
在面积这样小的区域内住房如此多的公寓单位，其住房密度将达到每英亩水域30个公寓单位，这样，该大楼周围便可留有更多的开阔水面。
housing:住房
With so many units built into such a small area, the housing complex will achieve a density of 30 units per acre of water, leaving more open water surrounding the structure.
在打开这样小的区域内建造如此多的公寓单位，其住房密度将达到每英亩水域30个公寓单位，这样，该大楼周围便可留有更多的开阔水面。
open:打开
When City Council finally decided to build housing on the section, gardeners and their friends moved an acre of topsoil to the remaining portion of the garden.
当市议会最终决定要在该地区住房公寓时，园丁们与他们的朋友一起将一英亩土地的表土搬运到花园的剩余部分。
housing:住房
The Palestinians would balk at that as far too much, even if they got the equivalent acreage back, perhaps adjacent to the Gaza Strip.
巴基斯坦方对于这个提议望而却步，即便他们能换回同样多的英亩数，还有可能得到加沙巴克的邻近区域。
balk:巴克
The Palestinians would balk at that as far too much, even if they got the equivalent acreage back, perhaps adjacent to the Gaza Strip.
巴基斯坦方对于这个提议望而却步，即便他们能换回同样多的英亩数，还有可能得到加沙面积的邻近区域。
acreage:面积
We need to protect arable land, especially basic farmland, stabilize the acreage sown to grain, and expand overall grain production capacity.
要切实保护耕地特别是基本农田，稳定粮食面积，不断提高粮食综合生产能力。
acreage:面积
The prevailing price levels for critical commodities should see a significant acreage response in the coming months as countries begin their cultivation cycles.
现行价格水平为关键的商品应该会看到一个显着的反应面积在未来数月随着各国开始他们的培养月。
months:月
World food production cannot be increased by 70% just by increasing acreage: there is simply not enough unused land to go around.
仅仅靠增加面积是不可能将世界粮食产量增加70%的：很简单，并没有足够多的空地来开垦了。
acreage:面积
Last year, the USDA estimated that 70 percent of the nation's corn acreage was planted with corn engineered to resist herbicides and 63 percent had been planted with insect -resistant seeds.
去年，美国农业部预测全国70%的玉米面积被用来种植抗除草剂转基因玉米，其中63%的耕地已经播种过抗虫的转基因种子。
acreage:面积
The opinions of these drug warriors are immune to data: After decades of eradication efforts around the world, neither the acreage of land used to grow drugs nor the tonnage produced has shrunk.
缉毒勇士们的战绩无需赘述：在全世界开展了几十年的毒品肃清努力之后，种植毒品的土地面积和产出的毒品数量未见任何减少。
efforts:努力
The opinions of these drug warriors are immune to data: After decades of eradication efforts around the world, neither the acreage of land used to grow drugs nor the tonnage produced has shrunk.
缉毒勇士们的战绩无需赘述：在全世界开展了几十年的毒品肃清活动之后，种植毒品的土地面积和产出的毒品数量未见任何缩小。
shrunk:缩小
Acreage allotments, price supports and crop set-asides reshaped the face of American agriculture.
面積分配制、价格支持和作物丢弃令美国农业面貌一新。
Acreage:面積
She possessed affections, too, though hitherto acrid and disagreeable, as are the richest flavours of unripe fruit.
她还拥有丰富的情感，尽管至今还象末熟的果子那样酸涩得难以入口。
possessed:拥有
Acrid fumes of still - burning thatch — hours earlier the rooftops of orderly houses — assaulted my eyes and nose as I stepped out onto a bed of ashes in a smoldering rice field.
几个小时前还秩序井然的房屋，现在它们的屋顶都成了吸烟着的茅草。我走出飞机踩到一片还未燃尽的稻田的灰烬上，刺鼻的烟味刺激着我的鼻子和眼睛。
smoldering:吸烟
Many young adults are misled by the sweet, aromatic and fruity quality of hookah smoke, which causes them to believe it is less harmful than hot, acrid cigarette smoke.
许多年轻人被水烟甘甜、芬芳、如水果般清新的外表所迷惑，就误导觉得比起辛辣、难闻的香烟，水烟要无害得多。
misled:误导
Since then, Johnston and the Palin family have been locked in an increasingly acrimonious debate about access.
从那时起，约翰斯顿和佩林一家一直胶着于孩子探访查阅问题，双方争论日益激烈。
access:查阅
Every lender or investor eventually will need his money back, and a legal document covering everything from the terms to the timing can avoid the kind of acrimony just described.
每一个房贷的人或者是贷款人最终是要把钱要回去的，因此一份包括了详细关于借款时间和条款的合同就可以避免各种尖酸刻薄的怪责。
lender:贷款人
The revelations – made as the UN climate talks resume in Bonn tomorrow – come in Yvo de Boer's candid letter, written to colleagues days after the summit broke up in acrimony in December.
这一披露——值联合国气候谈判明天即将在波恩重启之时——来自于伊沃·德波尔的一封坦诚信件中，该信写于去年十二月气候峰会在激烈争论中破裂的明天后。
tomorrow:明天
The application is a simple PDF viewer that allows users to view and interact with a PDF file using Adobe's Acrobat Reader control.
该应用程序是一个简单的PDF查看器，它允许用户应用Adobe的AcrobatReader控件来查看PDF文件并与之交互。
application:应用
The 33 -year-old entrepreneur built a successful business developing plug -in software for Adobe Acrobat, the well -known PDF reading program, and created a top-rated website called Planet PDF.
这位33岁的商务家建立了一家成功的商务，开发用于大名鼎鼎的PDF文档阅读器——AdobeAcrobat的插件，并且他还建立了名为PlanetPDF的网站，点击率非常高。
business:商务
Philippe Petit, the French acrobat who in 1974 walked across a tightrope between the twin towers, wasn’t on the payroll of the Port Authority, but in retrospect he probably should have been.
1974年，法国杂技大师菲利普·珀蒂，行走完了世贸双塔间架起的钢索，他并不受雇于港务局，但他大有可能被回想起。
walked:行走
He is its victim and seems to spin like a wheel, turning over and over, as an acrobat does somersaults.
他变成了爱情的俘虏，轮子一般地不断旋转，活像个杂技演员在翻筋斗。
spin:旋转
And this acrobatic, multimedia performance termed “the Butterfly Effect ” relayed age old messages of dark forces battling the light and evil versus good.
在这个叫做“蝴蝶效应”的杂技式多媒体表演中，传播了古老的信息，即黑暗势力与光明做战斗，邪恶与善良作战斗。
battling:战斗
Alfred had learned many of their ballads in his youth, and could vary his programme with acrobatic tricks and simple conjuring.
阿尔弗德年轻时学过许多民歌，并能穿插演一些杂技和小引人注目使自己的节目多样化。
conjuring:引人注目
Ambassador Yang hoped that the visit of the Nanjing Acrobatic Troupe would further enrich and promote cultural and educational exchanges between China and Trinidad and Tobago.
相信南京杂技团的访演将进一步丰富和更进一步中特两国的文化和教育交流。
further:更进一步
On Nov. 19, 2010, the visiting Nanjing Acrobatic Troupe gave a performance at the University of the West Indies (UWI).
2010年11月19日，正在特多参观的中国南京杂技团赴西印度大学演出。
visiting:参观
He continued to study yoga and invented apparatus for his dance troupe using flying silk to help them exercise and prepare for acrobatic displays.
他进而开始学习瑜伽，并且为他的舞蹈舞蹈“发明出”了缎带的吊绳，以帮助他们平时的训练与杂技表演。
dance:舞蹈
Humpback whales, protected under a 1966 worldwide moratorium by International Whaling Commission after years of overhunting, are renowned for their complex songs and acrobatic displays.
座头鲸以会“唱动听的歌曲”和表演杂技而著称。多年来，座头鲸被人类过度捕鯨，1966年，国际捕鲸委员会出台捕杀禁令以保护这一物种。
Whaling:捕鯨
I stick with Yoga and biking, you may like running and acrobatics.
我喜欢伽和骑自行车自行车，而你可能喜欢跑步和杂技。
biking:骑自行车
The Shaolin monks of China are famous for fighting skills and acrobatics, but above all, for their ability to somehow manage their senses.
中国少林寺的和尚以战斗技能和杂技著称，但是最重要的是，他们控制自己感觉的能力。
fighting:战斗
With a 15 -foot depth, multiple fountains and high- diving platforms, the AquaTheater will be the site for Cirque- like shows combining synchronized swimming, diving and acrobatics.
15英尺深、多个喷泉以及高潜水平台，水上剧院喷泉成一个圆形舞台可以同步展现游泳、跳水以及杂技表演。
fountains:喷泉
Known as China's national opera, Peking Opera, which originated in the late18 th century, is a synthesis of music, dance, art and acrobatics.
作为中国的国剧，京剧起源于18世纪，它是一门音乐、蹈、术和杂技的综合舞蹈。
dance:舞蹈
Hundreds of Afghan children mix regular schooling with art and acrobatics at the school set up by a Danish performance artist.
在丹麦表演艺术家艺术的这所艺术学校�，数百名阿富汗孩子一边接受文化课，一边练习艺术和杂技表演。
art:艺术
Hundreds of Afghan children mix regular schooling with art and acrobatics at the school set up by a Danish performance artist.
在丹麦表演艺术家艺术的这所艺术学校里，数百名阿富汗孩子一边接受文化课，一边练习艺术和杂技表演。
art:艺术
OK. Peking Opera is a combination of music, dance, art and acrobatics.
好吧。京剧就是结合音乐、蹈、术和杂技为一体的艺术。
combination:结合
OK. Peking Opera is a combination of music, dance, art and acrobatics.
好吧。京剧就是集音乐、蹈、术和杂技为一体的舞蹈。
dance:舞蹈
When a user selects a date from the drop down menu, it has to be formatted into the corresponding string, requiring the opposite lookup, namely the acronym given the index.
当用户从下拉菜单中选择了一个日期后，它必须相应的格式化为相应的字符串，需要进行反向查找，也就是根据索引查找缩写。
corresponding:相应的
The words form the acronym LEAP and take on the idea of taking a Radical Leap into a new life.
这些是跳跃（leap）的首字母缩写形式，阐释了向新生活进行全新跳跃的含义。
form:形式
Known by their acronym MPOWER, the measures are identified as "best buys" and" good buys" in tobacco control.
这些措施以缩写词MPOWER为人所知，被已确定的为控烟方面的“最佳干预措施”和“良好干预措施”。
identified:已确定的
The Triton Submarine, pictured here, like most other submersibles uses an acrylic dome and is currently certified for 3,300 feet deep.
海神潜艇，如此图，与其他大多数潛艇一样使用亚克力圆顶并且目前已经确保能达到3,300英尺的深度。
Submarine:潛艇
Many artists like to use acrylic paint for technical illustrations because of its fast - drying nature.
因为丙烯酸树脂漆的易干性，很多艺术家喜欢用它制作它的图案。
its:它的
Another unusual sight near the lake's eastern shore is Salvation Mountain, a 100ft-high hill of concrete and hand- mixed adobe, covered with acrylic paint.
另一个不寻常的景观在湖的东岸：救世军山一个由混凝土和手工混制的泥砖堆砌的100英尺的山，上面覆盖着丙烯酸油漆。
paint:油漆
The test indicated the presence of acrylic emulsion —the kind of paint that has not been documented in a Pollock painting.
检测结果表明画上的丙烯酸乳液，没有有文件的曾在波洛克的画上出现过。
documented:有文件的
Does he say things like ‘ when we move in together ’ and then act as though you have no future?
他说了“当我们住在一起未来”之类的话，但是行动上却在表明好象我们没有未来？
future:未来
She answered like :” Never. I just enjoy acting for it brings me so much fun, it ’s always so cool that I would never get tired of it.
她回答：“从来没觉得，我非常喜欢演戏，对于我来回答，演戏给我很多快乐，而且永远这样做也是很酷的，一点也不觉得厌烦。”
answered:回答
This also grants read access to each workflow, workflow stage, and action that you have read access to.
还授予对您已具有读访问查阅的每个工作流、工作流阶段和动作的读访问查阅。
access:查阅
This also grants read access to each workflow, workflow stage, and action that you have read access to.
还授予对您已具有读访问查阅的每个工作流、工作流阶段和动作的读访问查阅。
access:查阅
But those are discussions. We look at the vulnerabilities and whether or not the groups are taking action.
但是那些只是讨论，我们瞄着脆弱性分子和那些团体是否正在采取行动。
vulnerabilities:脆弱性
In order for you to act on your objective, it must be actionable.
为了使你能在你的目的上采取行动，这些目的必须能够执行。
objective:目的
Finding a place to start can be really easy if you have a detailed actionable items list, it gets rid of the question: “now what am I going to do?
如果你有一份详细可行的项目表的话，就很容易寻找一个项目开始行动，这个表不再有下面这些问题：“现在，我要去做什么呢？”
Finding:寻找
By strong, I mean they must be able to extract actionable information from both structured data, such as databases and Web pages, and unstructured data, such as text, audio, and video.
我所谓的强大是指，那些提取必须能够从结构化数据（例如数据库和网页）和非结构化数据（例如文本、音频和视频）中提取可操作的信息。
extract:提取
By strong, I mean they must be able to extract actionable information from both structured data, such as databases and Web pages, and unstructured data, such as text, audio, and video.
我所谓的强大是指，那些解决方案必须能够从结构化数据（例如数据库和网页）和非结构化数据（例如文本、音频和视频）中提取可操作的数据库。
databases:数据库
By actionable, we mean there is sufficient location information and the description of the need is specific enough to respond to, just like the example above.
所谓可行，我的意思是有足够的在那儿信息并且有足够专业的需求描述，这样才能做出响应，就像上边的例子。
there:在那儿
By actionable, we mean there is sufficient location information and the description of the need is specific enough to respond to, just like the example above.
所谓可行，我的意思是有足够的位置例如并且有足够专业的需求描述，这样才能做出响应，就像上边的例子。
example:例如
Once you’re tracking, the next step is reporting in a way that is meaningful to stakeholders and using the data to provide actionable recommendations at the strategy table.
进行统计与分析后，下一步是给股东提供有意义的报告数据，并在制定策略时利用这些数据提供可执行的建议。
provide:提供
Putting content into context not only adds clarity; it improves productivity as well because the information is more actionable.
把资料化成背景并不仅仅会增加其清晰度；它也会提高生产效率，因为信息变得可执行了。
information:资料
These will be made available soon after the games are completed on February 26, and will be released alongside a replay package of all the action.
这些星评将在2月26全部比赛完成后制作完成，然后将随同录象回放包一起在网上发布。
completed:完成
The Dutch winger has been out of action since knee surgery on returning from international duty last month. His last Chelsea game was the FA Cup replay win at Tottenham on March 19.
这位荷兰边锋上个月在参加完国家队比赛后进行了膝部手术，他上一场参加切尔西的比赛还要返回3月19号足总杯重赛战胜热刺的那场较量。
returning:返回
The Dutch winger has been out of action since knee surgery on returning from international duty last month. His last Chelsea game was the FA Cup replay win at Tottenham on March 19.
这位荷兰边锋上个月在参加完国家队比赛后进行了膝部手术，他上一场参加切尔西的比赛还要追溯到3月19号足总杯重赛胜利热刺的那场较量。
win:胜利
You can use any other means to activate the same result.
您可使用任何其他方法来使用相同的结果。
use:使用
In this article, see how to develop an automatic virtual machine deployment solution that will help you deploy and activate batches of self- configuring virtual machines quickly and automatically.
在本文中，查看如何开发一种自动化虚拟机部署解决方案，以帮助您快速自动地部署和帮助一批自配置的虚拟机。
help:帮助
After the application recognizes the string, it displays a small icon next to the text. The user can then click that icon to display a list of actions they can choose from and activate.
当应用程序识别出这个字符串后，在该字符串的附近将显示一个小图标，用户点击这个图标就能得到一个功能列表，从中你能够选中用户一个并激活。
user:用户
This way I can quickly activate the layer, eyedropper the color I want, then hide the layer and get back to work.
这样做我便可以很快工作图层，然后用吸管工具吸取我要的颜色，最后隐藏图层，接着设计幻灯片。
work:工作
There can be only one signal handler per signal per process active at any instant.
在任何瞬间，只能有一个信号处理程序处理一个过程进程的一个信号。
process:过程
There can be only one signal handler per signal per process active at any instant.
在任何即时，只能有一个信号处理程序处理一个活动进程的一个信号。
instant:即时
True story: While on active duty as a National Guardsman delivering U. S. mail during a postal strike, he secretly gathered information for a Times story.
真人真事：在一次邮政大罢工中，路易斯作为一名国民警卫队衛兵执行任务，负责投递邮件。
Guardsman:衛兵
Negative act refers that actor has active duty demanded by law and can do it, but he did not carry it. Negative act must be of three requirements: actor has certain specially appointed duty;
不作为是指行为人负有实施法律要求的某种行为的积极要求，并且能够实行而不实行的行为。
requirements:要求
There were also 146 active-duty deaths attributed to high- risk behavior, including 74 drug overdoses.
对于高风险行业每年有146个死亡名额，其中包括74个药物过量造成。
risk:风险
There were also 146 active-duty deaths attributed to high- risk behavior, including 74 drug overdoses.
对于高危险行业每年有146个死亡名额，其中包括74个过量服用过量造成。
overdoses:过量服用
Germans mulling joining the army may think twice now thanks to a new regulation banning soldiers from having sex while in active service.
现在，操纵参军的德国人可要三思而后行了，因为德军出台了一项新规定，在服现役期间士兵不得有任何性行为。
mulling:操纵
I was in for 11 years of active service, and then switched my service to the Air Force Reserves.
我在那总共服役了11年，然后又开关空军储备部队服役。
switched:开关
I was in for 11 years of active service, and then switched my service to the Air Force Reserves.
我在那总共服役了11年，然后又转到空军储备储备金服役。
Reserves:储备金
It's inch -deep activism that you can do from the comfort of your own couch, whether that's clicking for good or texting to save the world.
这是一种极为浅层次的行动主义，你可以在享受沙发舒适的同时完成善举，无论是动点击还是发发短信。
clicking:点击
This type of grassroots activism can be enormously effective for contests or any type of cause -based movement.
这种草根行动主义能够对比赛或是任何一种类型的以公益事件为基础的活动产生巨大的效力。
type:类型
This type of grassroots activism can be enormously effective for contests or any type of cause -based movement.
这种草根行动主义能够对比赛或是任何一种类型的以公益事件为基础的活动产生巨大的效力。
type:类型
But it was also what we call shareholder activism or investor activism - that he was getting involved in changing the way corporations do business.
但是它同时也被人们称作,股东行动主义,或股东行动主义,也就是他参与进来,去改变公司经营的方式
shareholder:股东
Her work as a reporter, teacher and NGO activist has taken her to all corners of the globe.
记者，老师和无政府非政府组织活动家的三重身份把她带到了世界的各个角落。
NGO:非政府组织
He gave up his job as a biochemist to become a historian, writer, publisher and activist.
他放弃了生物生物化学家的职业，变成一名历史学家、作家、出版人和活动家。
biochemist:生物化学家
Today, a working mother can caucus beside a party activist, but it was not always this way.
如今，一位在职母亲能同一位政党积极分子并肩议会，但过去并不是这样。
caucus:议会
You should see some activity on the screen as the tool completes each attempt.
您应该在工具完成每次尝试时在屏幕上看到一些企图。
attempt:企图
After all, when someone wants to get better at something, they should surround themselves with more of that activity, not less, right?
毕竟当某人想要更更好某事，他们应该将自己更多的投身于那项活动当中，至少不少于，是吗？
better:更好
You cannot use them occasionally or only for some types of sexual activity and not others.
你不能偶尔使用或只针对某些类型的性使用而使用，其他的情况下却不用。
use:使用
A business worker would not be shown in an activity diagram for a business use case itself, but it would be shown as part of the business use case realization.
业务人员将不会显示在一个为了业务用例本身所绘制的活动图里，但是他会活动业务用例实现的一部分被显示出来。
activity:活动
A business worker would not be shown in an activity diagram for a business use case itself, but it would be shown as part of the business use case realization.
业务人员将不会显示在一个为了业务用例本身所绘制的使用图里，但是他会作为业务用例实现的一部分被显示出来。
use:使用
A business worker would not be shown in an activity diagram for a business use case itself, but it would be shown as part of the business use case realization.
业务人员将不会显示在一个为了业务用例本身所绘制的使用图里，但是他会作为业务用例实现的一部分被显示出来。
use:使用
This can be added to your news reader, so that you can see all the recent activity on your search request, without even leaving your news reader.
这个提要可以增加到您的新闻阅读器中，以便您能够看到所有与搜索请求有关的最新搜寻，您甚至不需要离开新闻阅读器。
search:搜寻
When someone speaks to an introvert, her brain responds with a high level of activity.
当 introvert对内向者讲话时，她的大脑会高度活跃地对此做出回应。
introvert:introvert
The realizations of such business use cases will detail how each activity is performed and by which actors.
这样业务用例的实现将详述每个使用是如何执行的，以及由哪些参与者执行。
use:使用
The star actor was ill, so his understudy had to alternate for him.
这位明星学业不足病了，因而他的替角必须代他演出。
understudy:学业不足
"He's an actor," someone involved with the production told me, as if that explained everything.
他是一个演员，“和这部作品参与的人员告诉我，好像那解释了所有的事情似的。
involved:参与
By thus sweeping over centuries and minds, by miming man as he can be and as he is, the actor has much in common with that other absurd individual, the traveler.
就这样，演员不知经历了多少世纪，横跨过多少心智，模仿着他们的所能与所是，渐渐的，他和那个荒谬的旅行者，那个旅行者，有了许多共同之处。
traveler:旅行者
When people act out of obligation they are less likely to follow through and keep up with the practice they've promised to adopt.
当人们出于义务而接受时，虽然此前已经答应要按步骤采纳时间，但他们却很难真正做到一步一个脚印地进行。
adopt:接受
So, Barth is taking a risk that this little craft project emphasizes and that the stories in the book act out.
所以，这个小小的手工项目强调了，书中的故事,展示了巴斯冒的风险。
project:项目
The World Health Organization (WHO) perceives health to be “a shared responsibility ”, 2 but global health actors often act out of self - interest rather than adopting harmonized approaches.
世界卫生组织（世卫组织）认为增进健康是一项“共同责任”2，但全球卫生行动者往往出于自身利益行事，而不是通过统一做法。
adopting:通过
PROFESSOR: Chemistry, And, of course, our professions, actress and chemistry professor.
教授：化学，当然了，我们的职业就是女演员和化学教授。
actress:女演员
"I am an actress the rumors have hurt me ," she wrote.
我只是一名女演员，这些谣言已经伤害了我。
actress:女演员
'If an actress already has a favorite role, then she wouldn't know how to go on.
如果一个女演员已经有了最喜欢的角色，那么她就会不知道如何走下去；
actress:女演员
The 31 -year-old actress said she loves the medium of television and the routine it provides, but that "Housewives" will be her last series.
这名31岁的女星表示，她喜欢电视这一媒体和它提供的节目，但《绝望家庭主妇》将成为她最后拍摄的电视剧了。
Housewives:家庭主妇
Q. What is your ambition as an actress – is it to be a superstar in Hollywood?
你作为一个女演员的最大的野心是什么呢？ 是不是变成一个好莱坞超级巨星啊？
actress:女演员
She showed up in search results as an accomplished doctor, a photographer, a writer, an actress, and also a lawyer.
她的名字搜索出来的结果是个成功的医生，一名摄影师，作家，女演员，也是一名律师。
actress:女演员
I had a really hard time believing in myself to actually be able to work as an actress, "she explains.
有一个相当艰难的时期，我甚至不太相信自己在实际工作中能够当一个女演员，“她解释说。
actress:女演员
After he won his supporting actor Oscar, Canary Islands- born Bardem gave a shout -out to his actress mother -- in Spanish, adding, also in Spanish, "This is for Spain, this is for all of you.
在拿到奥斯卡最佳男配角奖后，出生在加那利群岛的巴尔顿对他做女演员的妈妈大叫——用西班牙语，还用西班牙语补充说“这是给西班牙的，给所有的西班牙人。”
actress:女演员
She was nominated for Best Actress five times throughout her career, but won it just the once, for "Roman Holiday.
在她的职业生业中，她五次提名最佳女演員奖，但只有一次获奖，是因为《罗马假日》。
Actress:女演員
She was nominated for Best Actress five times throughout her career, but won it just the once, for "Roman Holiday.
在她的职业职业中，她五次提名最佳演员奖，但只有一次获奖，是因为《罗马假日》。
career:职业
Coming from a middle class family, she was a young girl at a dance academy when spotted by a film director and encouraged to become an actress.
来自于中产阶级家庭的她，还是一个舞蹈学院的年轻女孩的时候便被一个电影导演看中，并受其鼓励成为一个女演员。
actress:女演员
The Gossip Girl star told People that she is not overly concerned with her looks and considers it to be the duty of an actress to be adaptable.
这位《绯闻女孩》女主角在接受《人物》杂志采访时表示，她并不太在意自己的角色形象，并表示改变外表是女演员的职责。
actress:女演员
In the absence of actual data no reliance can be placed on such figures.
在缺席实际资料的情况下，这样的数据不可靠。
absence:缺席
They take time to read, and they spread out the actual code on the screen, so you can have less of it on your monitor to inspect at one time.
因为注释需要时间去研读，而且它们分布于屏幕上的实际代码中的不同位置，所以在显示器上一次只能检查少许的注释。
inspect:检查
It may seem like a pastime for only a certain kind of person, but in all actuality, anyone and everyone can and should travel.
它对某种人来说也许是一种闲暇，但事实上，任何人和每个人都可以并应当去旅行。
pastime:闲暇
Some consider it strictly jazz while others say it's classical, when in all actuality, it's a perfect combination of both.
一些人考虑它严格的爵士音乐而另一些人则说这是古典音乐。从所有的现状看这是一个两者完美结合的产物。
consider:考虑
In actuality, it costs less to raise a kid than it costs to buy a mid- sized SUV.
从现状来看，抚养一个孩子比买一辆中等大小的运动型多功能SUV的支出要少得多。
SUV:SUV
But in actuality, it is not necessary to change our feelings in order to take action. In fact, it is our efforts to change our feelings that often makes us feel even worse.
事实上，这些都是不必要的，我们没有必要在行动之前改变我们的精神感受，这种改变的尝试常常会是必要变得更糟。
necessary:必要
This trend doesn’t only lead to the mini -skirt, but also to defined structures, graphical contrasts and a revitalizing actuality in fashion.
这种流行不仅引领潮流趋势迷你裙，而且发展到明确的结构、图案对比及新生现实。
trend:趋势
In common life, any freak of fancy, any error, evil and everything of the nature of evil, as well as every degenerate and transitory existence whatever, gets in a casual way the name of actuality.
在日常生活中，任何幻想、错误、罪恶以及一切坏东西、一切腐败幻灭的生命，尽管人们都随便把它们叫做现实。
life:生命
In common life, any freak of fancy, any error, evil and everything of the nature of evil, as well as every degenerate and transitory existence whatever, gets in a casual way the name of actuality.
在日常生活中，任何幻想、错误、罪恶以及一切坏东西、一切腐败幻灭的现实，尽管人们都随便把它们叫做现实。
actuality:现实
What I am trying to point is that what matters is the possibility not the actuality, its the possible truth values not the actual truth values that matter.
我指出这一点是,重要的是可能的，而不是现实性，可能真值重要,实际真值不重要。
possible:可能的
In actuality, America was settled long before the first European set foot on the continent.
事实上，在第一个欧洲人的足迹踏上这片大陆之前美洲就已经现实了。
actuality:现实
So, they started to do collecting of data on mortality and they developed something called actuarial science, which is estimating the probability of people living.
所以，他们开始数据死亡率数据，并形成了叫精算学的科学，用来预测人们的寿命的概率。
data:数据
She is a pre-business major and wants to study accounting or actuarial science. She heard UW-Madison’s business school had a good reputation.
她将要进入商学院，想要科学会计或是精算。
science:科学
Until now, discrimination in setting insurance rates has been allowed under E.U. rules, "if sex is a determining risk factor... substantiated by relevant and accurate actuarial and statistical data ."
现在，欧洲法律是允许保险费率的差别存在的，他们是这样规定的：“如果根据相关及精确的保险精算和统计计算，证明性别是一种风险因素，则......”
risk:风险
He is more likely to think like an actuary or a CPA or an insurance agent, always calculating the odds and finding ways to cover the damages.
他们更可能做保险员，注册CPA,或是保险代理人，因为这样的人更容易把握事情胜负的几率,以及时有效地找到补救之法。
CPA:CPA
He is more likely to think like an actuary or a CPA or an insurance agent, always calculating the odds and finding ways to cover the damages.
他们更可能做保险员，注册会计师,或是保险代理人，因为这样的人更容易把握事情胜负的几率,以及时有效地发现补救之法。
finding:发现
An actuary at a consulting firm, Vicky needs to close a project tonight.
Vicky是一家咨询公司的精算员，要在今晚把一个项目接近了。
close:接近
Her friend Vicky Yang is hunched over a borrowed laptop, downloading an e- mail from a pesky client on her cell phone. An actuary at a consulting firm, Vicky needs to close a project tonight.
她的朋友Vicky杨借了一台笔记本电脑，连到手机上下载着一封邮件，Vicky是一家咨询公司的统计员，必须在今天晚上完成一个项目的审查。
Yang:杨
The agency projects it will receive roughly a million more disability applications from 2009 through 2011 than it would have without the recession, says Stephen Goss, its chief actuary.
社会保障总署首席精算师戈斯(StephenGoss)说，该机构估计2009年至2011年期间，与没有出现衰退的情况相比，申请无项目能力救济的人数会高出约100万。
projects:项目
The top five jobs, which include mathematician, actuary, statistician and computer systems, typically pay more than twice as much as the lowest jobs -- $83,777 compared to $30,735 per year。
排在最佳职业前五位的还包括数学家、保险精算师、统计学家、和精算师分析师。这些职业的年薪可达83777美元，是排在末位的几类最差职业年薪(30735美元)的两倍多。
actuary:精算师
The top five jobs, which include mathematician, actuary, statistician and computer systems, typically pay more than twice as much as the lowest jobs -- $83,777 compared to $30,735 per year。
排在最佳职业前五位的还包括统计学家、保险精算师、统计学家、和电脑系统分析师。这些职业的年薪可达83777美元，是排在末位的几类最差职业年薪(30735美元)的两倍多。
statistician:统计学家
Eclipse Business Intelligence and Reporting Tools project (BIRT) is based on initial research work and code donated by Actuate to the Eclipse foundation.
Eclipse商业智能和报表工具项目（BIRT）是以Actuate捐赠给Eclipse基金的初步研究项目和代码为基础的。
project:项目
Eclipse Business Intelligence and Reporting Tools project (BIRT) is based on initial research work and code donated by Actuate to the Eclipse foundation.
Eclipse商业智能和报表工具项目（BIRT）是以Actuate捐赠捐赠Eclipse基金的初步研究工作和代码为基础的。
donated:捐赠
The constant angular rate was applied to three axis of turntable at the same time to actuate dynamic error term of accelerometer.
在三轴转台的三个轴上同时施加恒定角速率，动态出加速度计动态误差项。
dynamic:动态
Instead of having a rule that vaguely says, "Don't act up inthe store," make it more specific by saying, "No whining, crying, yelling, screaming, complaining or screaming in the store ."
于其模糊地说“不要在商店里这样表现”不如将其说的更加具体“不要在商场里抱怨，喊叫，叫喊，尖叫，埋怨” 。
yelling:喊叫
Instead of having a rule that vaguely says, "Don't act up inthe store," make it more specific by saying, "No whining, crying, yelling, screaming, complaining or screaming in the store ."
于其模糊地说“不要在商店里这样表现”不如将其说的更加具体“不要在商场里抱怨，哭，喊叫，尖叫，埋怨” 。
yelling:喊叫
Instead of having a rule that vaguely says, "Don't act up inthe store," make it more specific by saying, "No whining, crying, yelling, screaming, complaining or screaming in the store ."
于其模糊地说“不要在商店里这样表现”不如将其说的更加具体“不要在商场里抱怨，尖叫，叫喊，尖叫，埋怨” 。
screaming:尖叫
Instead of having a rule that vaguely says, "Don't act up inthe store," make it more specific by saying, "No whining, crying, yelling, screaming, complaining or screaming in the store ."
于其模糊地说“不要在商店里这样表现”不如将其说的更加具体“不要在商场里抱怨，哭，尖叫，尖叫，埋怨” 。
screaming:尖叫
Instead of having a rule that vaguely says, "Don't act up inthe store," make it more specific by saying, "No whining, crying, yelling, screaming, complaining or screaming in the store ."
于其模糊地说“不要在商店里这样表现”不如将其说的更加具体“不要在商场里抱怨，尖叫，叫喊，尖叫，埋怨” 。
screaming:尖叫
Instead of having a rule that vaguely says, "Don't act up inthe store," make it more specific by saying, "No whining, crying, yelling, screaming, complaining or screaming in the store ."
于其模糊地说“不要在商店里这样表现”不如将其说的更加具体“不要在商场里抱怨，哭，尖叫，尖叫，埋怨” 。
screaming:尖叫
The study confirms some long-standing folklore about the acuity of one of North America's most familiar birds — and offers new insight into how some wild animals may cope with living alongside people.
这项研究确认了一些长期存在的民间传闻，即北美一种最常见的鸟类具有敏锐的能力。该研究同时也可能为这些野生动物如何对付一起生活的人类提供新的洞察。
insight:洞察
At those moments, our bodies actually take over and increase blood flow so that we have greater visual acuity, increased mental capacity and more oxygen and fuel for our muscles to use.
在那些时刻，其实是我们的身体掌握了主导权，血液加速我们的敏锐度更敏锐、脑力更强、提供给肌肉更多的氧气恶化能量。
acuity:敏锐度
Patients whose visual acuity (VA) before surgery was< 6/60 in the better eye comprised 47% of the total case mix in poorly developed countries and 1% in developed countries (P < 0. 001).
不发达国家中，手术前较好眼睛的视力低于6/60的患者占总病人组合的47%，而在发达国家中此比例仅为1%（P<0.001）。
Patients:病人
Patients whose visual acuity (VA) before surgery was< 6/60 in the better eye comprised 47% of the total case mix in poorly developed countries and 1% in developed countries (P < 0. 001).
不发达国家中，手术前较好眼睛的敏锐度低于6/60的患者占总病例组合的47%，而在发达国家中此比例仅为1%（P<0.001）。
acuity:敏锐度
Patients whose visual acuity (VA) before surgery was< 6/60 in the better eye comprised 47% of the total case mix in poorly developed countries and 1% in developed countries (P < 0. 001).
不发达国家中，手术前较更好眼睛的视力低于6/60的患者占总病例组合的47%，而在发达国家中此比例仅为1%（P<0.001）。
better:更好
However, resolving power is often compromised by atmospheric conditions and the visual acuity of the observer.
然而，分辨能力还与大气状况以及观察者的敏锐度敏锐度有关。
acuity:敏锐度
Visual acuity was measured at the start of the study (baseline) and then monitored over one year (54 weeks).
在研究开始，所有人进行了敏锐度测试，然后进行一年（54周）的观察。
acuity:敏锐度
Studies have confirmed that ginkgo increases blood flow to the retina, and can slow retinal deterioration resulting in an increase of visual acuity.
研究已证实，银杏增加视网膜血流量，并能慢视网膜的恶化，结果导致视力的提高。
slow:慢
Studies have confirmed that ginkgo increases blood flow to the retina, and can slow retinal deterioration resulting in an increase of visual acuity.
研究已证实，银杏增加视网膜血流量，并能减缓视网膜的恶化，结果导致敏锐度的提高。
acuity:敏锐度
Vitrectomy may be indicated for severe hemorrhage and substantially diminished visual acuity, especially if it persists longer than 3 months.
当出血情况严重且使敏锐度严重下降，特别是当其持续时间超过3个月时则须要行玻离体切割术。
acuity:敏锐度
You get the idea that everything arises from the extraordinary mental acuity or spiritual insight of an author and that what needs to be understood about literature is the genius of its production.
你发现一切,都源自这些作者的敏锐头脑和深刻洞察,关于文学，你需要理解的,是这些天才的作品。
insight:洞察
We express our great appreciation to the Director General and the Secretariat for their political acumen and the responsible spirit displayed on the issue of anti- nuclear terrorism.
我们对总干事和秘书处在反核恐怖主义问题上表现出来的政治敏锐性和认真负责的精神表示高度赞赏。
terrorism:恐怖主义
When you have business acumen, you realize the importance of every job at every stage of your career.
当你拥有职业智慧的时候，你就会明白你每一个职业阶段的每一份工作的重要性。
career:职业
Acupressure is a kind of treatment that deals with symptoms by means of application of pressure with the fingers to specific points in the body.
指压是一种通过手指按摩身体特殊点位来应对各种症候的水压方法。
Acupressure:水压
I guess the massage is based on Chinese acupressure but I can’t be sure since at that time neither of us knew anything about it, and secondly, I’m not an expert at this now.
我猜测，这种方法是来源于中国的按摩它，但是我不肯定，因为那时我们对按摩一无所知，再说我也不是这方面的专家。
it:它
Many combine Therapeutic Touch with similar therapies such as hypnosis, massage, or acupressure.
多数人用类似按摩例如催眠、按摩或针压法结合按摩触摸。
massage:按摩
Many combine Therapeutic Touch with similar therapies such as hypnosis, massage, or acupressure.
多数人用类似眼压例如催眠、按摩或针压法结合眼压触摸。
acupressure:眼压
Lloyd, great to have open minded professionals like you advocating a range of treatments. Acupressure and acupuncture have been critical contributors to maintaining health and wellbeing for me.
很高兴能看到像楼主你这样思想开明的专家拥护这一系列的水压方法，指压按摩和针灸对我来说是维持健康和幸福的关键啊。
Acupressure:水压
Lloyd, great to have open minded professionals like you advocating a range of treatments. Acupressure and acupuncture have been critical contributors to maintaining health and wellbeing for me.
很高兴能看到像楼主你这样思想开明的专家拥护这一系列的针灸方法，指压按摩和针灸对我来说是维持健康和幸福的关键啊。
acupuncture:针灸
In many cases, acupressure is sufficient to break the insomnia cycle without the need for sedatives and sleeping tablets.
在许多情况下，失眠的穴位足以打破周期而不需要镇静剂和睡着片。
sleeping:睡着
Once patients learn the techniques involved, acupressure can be self - administered at home as required, thus reducing the dependence of patients on clinic visits.
一旦病人学会穴位按压法的技术，他们可以在家里自己施行穴位按压法，以解除微恙，减少对医疗诊所的依赖。
patients:病人
Once patients learn the techniques involved, acupressure can be self - administered at home as required, thus reducing the dependence of patients on clinic visits.
一旦病人学会穴位按压法的技术，他们可以在家里自己施行穴位按压法，以解除微恙，减少对医疗诊所的依赖。
patients:病人
Acupressure and acupuncture both are based on the theory of lines of energy running through the body.
指压按摩以及针灸都是，基于体内能量以一定路线运行的理论而产生的水压方式。
Acupressure:水压
Acupressure and acupuncture both are based on the theory of lines of energy running through the body.
指压按摩以及针灸都是，基于体内能量以一定路线运行的理论而产生的针灸方式。
acupuncture:针灸
The fastest, gentlest and most effective methods that I know of are from the field of Energy Psychology called the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT) and Tapas Acupressure Technique (TAT).
我所知道的最快速，最温和同时也是最有效的技术就是来自能量心理学领域的被称作“情绪释放术”和“经络穴位情绪疗法”的技术。
Technique:技术
The fastest, gentlest and most effective methods that I know of are from the field of Energy Psychology called the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT) and Tapas Acupressure Technique (TAT).
我所知道的最快速，最温和同时也是最有效的技术就是来自能量心理学领域的被称作“情绪释放术”和“经络穴位情绪疗法”的技术。
Technique:技术
We conclude that acupressure at the Yintang point may be used as a treatment for parental preoperative anxiety.
我们得出结论，在印堂穴指压按摩可以作为术前双亲焦虑症的眼压方法。
acupressure:眼压
Yes. It is better to treat your condition with acupressure therapy.
是的。用按摩疗法治您的病效果较更好。
better:更好
Results show that acupressure is of lower costs and with cost effective and beneficial in pain syndromes.
经济评估结果显示气功穴道眼压，具较为有利的成本效率比和成本利益比。
acupressure:眼压
Featuring both Chinese acupressure massage and the western Lymphatic Drainage Massage & aromatherapy, the regimen resort will offer more pleasures for our sensory perceptions than just "touch".
养生馆将以中式的五行经络按摩与西方的淋巴引流技术及芳香芳香疗法为主，另会提供人体其他感官的享受。
aromatherapy:芳香疗法
Objective To observe the clinical effects of acupressure in the treatment of uroschesis after the operation for anorectal diseases.
目的探讨通过穴位按压眼压肛肠病术后尿潴留的临床疗效。
acupressure:眼压
Both real and sham acupuncture worked better than having no treatment at all.
真实的和虚假的针刺两者都比完全没有针灸的作用要好。
acupuncture:针灸
Both real and sham acupuncture worked better than having no treatment at all.
真实的和虚假的针刺两者都比完全没有治疗的作用要更好。
better:更好
Research from the US earlier this month found that simulated acupuncture using toothpicks which do not pierce the skin could be as good as using real needles.
这月美国研究表明模拟针灸，也就是用不会刺破皮肤的牙签做针灸针灸同样能够达到真正的针灸针灸达到的效果。
acupuncture:针灸
Back pain is the most common reason patients seek acupuncture treatment, followed by joint pain, neck pain, migraines and other forms of recurring pain.
病人寻求针灸针灸最常见的原因就是背部疼痛，而关节炎，偏头痛和其它种类的经常性疼痛紧随其后。
acupuncture:针灸
The other half received acupuncture therapy once or twice a week during the 12 - week study.
另一半患者在为期12周的时间内，接受每周一到两次的针灸针灸。
acupuncture:针灸
Some of the patients received real acupuncture, which involves inserting thin needles deeply into the skin at specific points on the body.
一部分患者接受真正的针灸针灸，这种针灸需要将针在身体上特定的部位深深的插入。
acupuncture:针灸
The National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine offers more information about acupuncture treatments and research.
中心补充和替代医学中心提供了更多的关于针灸疗法的研究数据。
Center:中心
In that study about half the patients in both the real and fake acupuncture groups reported significant pain relief compared to only 27 percent of those receiving traditional back care.
在那次研究中，真针灸组和假针灸组都有近半的比例接收了显著的疼痛缓解，而相比而言这个比例在接受传统背部护理的患者中只有27%。
receiving:接收
Acupuncture is an effective alternative to drugs for the treatment of depression, drug and alcohol addiction, and other addictive behaviors such as smoking and overeating.
针灸是一种有效的能够替代药物针灸抑郁症、吸毒、酗酒、吸烟和暴饮暴食以及其他成瘾行为的疗法。
Acupuncture:针灸
It's too soon to tell in Chroniger's case, but Kumar says many of her patients report that regular acupuncture treatments help relieve some of their pain.
尽管现在下结论为时过早，但库马尔告诉我们，许多她的病人报告说，定期的针灸针灸有助于减轻他们的痛苦。
acupuncture:针灸
I can go to classes, get massages, visit an acupuncturist or do a three -day kidney cleanse when I'm there.
我在那里时可以去各种培训班，做按摩，看针灸师或做三天的洗肾按摩。
massages:按摩
A qualified acupuncturist and Chinese herbalist should really be able to make a difference.
一个合格的针灸和中医应该能够有资格的。
qualified:有资格的
I've gone to see physical therapists, sports injury specialists, chiropractors and even an acupuncturist. No one could do anything that could ease the pain.
我曾经看过物理治疗师、运动伤害治疗师、脊椎指压治疗师，甚至针灸师，却没有人可以减轻我的痛苦。
therapists:治疗师
I've gone to see physical therapists, sports injury specialists, chiropractors and even an acupuncturist. No one could do anything that could ease the pain.
我曾经看过物理精神治疗师、运动伤害专家、脊椎指压精神治疗师，甚至针灸师，却没有人可以减轻我的痛苦。
chiropractors:精神治疗师
The best option is usually no antibiotics at all, except in the case of acute otitis.
除急性中耳炎之外, 治疗耳部腹膜炎的最佳选择往往是干脆不用抗生素。
otitis:腹膜炎
At some point in their lives, for any number of reasons, nearly all Americans will have difficulties sleeping and suffer from acute insomnia.
在他们生活的有时候，由于各种原因，几乎所有的美国人都有睡眠困难和急性失眠的问题。
have:有
At some point in their lives, for any number of reasons, nearly all Americans will have difficulties sleeping and suffer from acute insomnia.
在他们生活的某个时候，由于各种原因，几乎所有的美国人都有睡着困难和急性失眠的问题。
sleeping:睡着
She is acutely aware of the discrepancy between her inner state and her public demeanor.
她很敏锐地意识到自己内心状态和公众行为之间的不一致。
discrepancy:不一致
She scanned the brains of people who were acutely in love. She showed them pictures of their beloved, and neutral pictures.
她扫描了热恋中亲爱的的大脑结构，并指出在人脑中哪些是相爱的部分，哪些是中立的。
beloved:亲爱的
The AD contains additional metadata about the relationships and dependencies between these tables, information about other tables, and privacy masking information.
AD包含其他元数据，这些元数据关于表之间的关系和依赖性、其他表的元数据和隐私屏蔽元数据。
metadata:元数据
The best part is you can see a preview of each ad description below its corresponding title.
这程序最好的地方是您可以先在每个预览的标题下面预览它的描述。
preview:预览
The best part is you can see a preview of each ad description below its corresponding title.
这程序最好的地方是您可以先在每个广告的头衔下面预览它的描述。
title:头衔
If you want to brand yourself to the community, then definitely place an ad.
如果你想在网络社区内广告自己的品牌，那绝对应该投广告。
ad:广告
They've placed an ad for someone to baby - sit the youngsters in the evening.
他们已登了广告雇人晚上临时照看宝贝们。
baby:宝贝
I never dieted but I realized early on that the old adage “eating for two ” is really a bunch of the hooey.
我从未营养不良，但我意识到早先的古老的格言：为了两个人而吃（意指有了身孕）真是一派胡言。
dieted:营养不良
The same adage may apply to infants as well, as a new study found 10 month old babies were already able to apply lessons learned.
根据一项新的研究发现10个月大的婴儿已经能够运用学过的东西，因此相同的谚语也能用在婴儿身上。
infants:婴儿
The same adage may apply to infants as well, as a new study found 10 month old babies were already able to apply lessons learned.
根据一项新的研究发现10个月大的婴儿已经能够运用学过的东西，因此相同的谚语也能用在婴儿身上。
babies:婴儿
Remember the old adage -- security is only as strong as its weakest link!
请记住古谚语——安全只取决于其最薄弱环节！
security:安全
The other adage that I absolutely abide by is that you buy shares or assets, propety in doom or gloom, and you sell it in boom.
我完全信奉的另一条格言是要在经济低靡或处于黑暗时期买股票或其他资产以及房地产，在繁荣时期出售。
buy:买
Nearly 150 years later, variations of this adage are still quoted.
差不多在150年之后，这个变量了的谚语一直被引用。
variations:变量
Following the adage that you first lay a foundation before building a house, the team concentrated first on a sound data transfer and content management scheme.
就如格言所说的，建筑房子之前先要打好地基，该团队首先集中精力处理合理的数据传输和内容管理方案。
building:建筑
"Educating tomorrow's transport managers" is the adagio of the DMS course.
“课程明天的运输管理人员”是DMS的过程中慢板。
course:课程
As its title indicates, Robert Schumann's Adagio and Allegro has a gentle and poetic melody as well as passionate and fiery bursts, fully embodying the two sides of Schumann character.
舒曼的《柔板与快板》正如它的头衔一样既有柔美和诗意般的歌唱性段落，也有激昂并迸发火花般的快板段落，充分的体现了舒曼性格中的两面性。
title:头衔
The hospital management is going tos specialization adagio, and the hospital manager is getting more occupational.
医院管理正缓慢走向专业化，医院经理走向职业化。
manager:经理
She moved through the fast passage work in the outer movements with a seamless precision and she used an alluring dynamic flexibility to create an often wrenching account of the Adagio.
她自始至终地将演奏精确的快速乐段贯穿于开始和结束乐章之中，还运用诱人的富于力度运动的柔韧性去创造柔板乐章中经常有突转的演绎”。
movements:运动
We had enlisted everyone we could think of to make the case to Byrd, but he was adamant that health - care reform could not be construed as part of the basic budget process.
我们动员了所有我们可以想到的人，向伯德说明情况，但伯德态度坚决，认为医疗保健改革不能被解释为基本预算程序的一部分。
construed:解释
Unfortunately, the Adam's apple's main purpose may be embarrassing men at the office, during presidential debates, or while lying to their wives.
不幸的是，在工作时，辩论中，还有对他们的妻子说谎的同时，喉结往往会使男性陷入窘境。
while:同时
Father tried to make Henry laugh by moving his Adam's apple up and down.
爸爸把他的喉结上下试过，逗得亨利哈哈大笑。
tried:试过
For example, the term "Adam's Apple" refers to legendary accounts of the apple sticking in Adam's throat when he took it from Eve and ate.
例如，“亚当的苹果”期限描写了亚当吃了夏娃的苹果后被卡住喉咙的传说。
term:期限
Precisely what you can adapt and how to do it is what you are about to learn in the chapters that follow.
在接下去的章节中，我们所讨论的就是你可以去适应哪些适应以及如何做到这点。
adapt:适应
Precisely what you can adapt and how to do it is what you are about to learn in the chapters that follow.
在接下跟进的章节中，我们所讨论的就是你可以跟进适应哪些改变以及如何做到这点。
follow:跟进
In order for IT departments within an enterprise to survive in and adapt to this controlled financial environment, they need to align themselves with demands of the business.
为了让商务中的IT部门能够在这个受控制的财务环境中“幸免遇难”并适应这个环境，他们需要使自己与业务需求保持一致。
business:商务
They do not have a set migration pattern, unlike some other whale species - which raises questions about how they may adapt in future, if the projected declines in summer Arctic sea ice materialise.
它们没有一套迁徙的模式，不像其他的鲸类――假如夏季北极海冰像预计那样下降而成为现实的话，这就引起了关于它们如何适应未来的问题。
declines:下降
“Each situation will be different, and we must implement these new programs with a strategy that allows us to adapt to changing circumstances and conditions, and attract private capital ,” he said.
他说："每一种情况都会不一样，在实施这些新计划时，我们必须制订能使我们适应不断适应的情况与条件的战略，并吸引私人资本。"
adapt:适应
“Each situation will be different, and we must implement these new programs with a strategy that allows us to adapt to changing circumstances and conditions, and attract private capital ,” he said.
他说："每一种情况都会不一样，在实施这些新计划时，我们必须制订能使我们适应不断变化的情况与情况的战略，并吸引私人资本。"
circumstances:情况
Usually, the woman will adjust herself to the change of her life and soon she will adapt herself to it.
通常，这个女子会调整她自己来面对生活中的调整，并会很快适应这些调整。
adjust:调整
Usually, the woman will adjust herself to the change of her life and soon she will adapt herself to it.
通常，这个女子会调整她自己来面对生活中的适应，并会很快适应这些适应。
adapt:适应
That's a real critical issue — what is the range of temperature or climate conditions to which we can adapt, and when do we exceed those?
这真是一个棘手的问题——我们能适应多大的温度和气候条件适应幅度，和什么时候我们会超越这个幅度。
adapt:适应
“It has proven to be an adaptable and resilient terrorist group whose desire to attack the United States and U.S. interests abroad remains strong,” the report said.
报告说：“它已证明证明是一个适应力强、能随机应变的恐怖主义组织，并继续有着攻击美国及美国海外利益的强烈愿望。”
proven:证明
Chopsticks can be used for picking up all kinds of food; meat, veg, rice, even the bones from fish, because by nature, their simplicity means that they are adaptable.
筷子能用来夹取各种各样的肉类：肉、蔬菜、大米，甚至鱼骨头，因为出于本性，它的简单意味着它的适应性强。
meat:肉类
Content may be for use only or also open for adaptation and reuse.
内容也许只供使用，或者也可能开放改编和重新重用。
reuse:重用
One month before negotiations in Copenhagen began, however, all the big decisions –on adequate emissions cuts by rich countries, and on finance for adaptation and mitigation – were still on the table.
不过，到哥本哈根谈判开始前一个月，所有重大的决议，不论是富裕国家作足够的减轻，还是适应及缓减措拖的融资，都仍在谈判桌上。
mitigation:减轻
One month before negotiations in Copenhagen began, however, all the big decisions –on adequate emissions cuts by rich countries, and on finance for adaptation and mitigation – were still on the table.
不过，到哥本哈根谈判开始前一个月，所有重大的决议，不论是富裕国家作足够的减排，还是适应及减轻措拖的融资，都仍在谈判桌上。
mitigation:减轻
This has driven the need to create software that not only supports the stated business goals, but that can be adapted easily when those goals change.
这推动了创建不仅支持所描述的业务目标，而且还可以在那些目标适应时可以很容易地适应的软件的需求。
adapted:适应
Are we going to make the right decisions for the next century or the next millennium? We have not adapted psychologically to the notion of long-term consequences.
我们这样真的是在为下一个世纪或者下一个千禧年做正确的决定么？我们还没有从心理上适应长期后果这个概念。
decisions:决定
Maybe these dinosaurs were already adapted from their ancestors to be able to survive in all kinds of conditions.
这些恐龙相对于它们的祖先可能已经有所适应，而适应了在各种环境下生存。
adapted:适应
Let your recruiter know how you have adapted to changing environments in the past.
让招聘人员了解你过去曾经如何适应不断适应的环境。
adapted:适应
However, its human - adapted genes mean it is not as lethal to humans as the 1918 virus, which came, with few changes, from birds.
然而，它的人适应基因意味着它对人不像1918年来自禽，几无适应的病毒那样对人是致死的。
adapted:适应
It wasn't surprising that the individuals adapted so quickly to these new rules and exploited them to achieve high scores after starting with completely random noise.
在用完全随机的无意义数据启动后，个体能很快地适应这些新的规则并被剥削它们取得较高的分数，这并不令人惊奇。
exploited:被剥削
But the new evidence that humans have adapted rapidly and extensively suggests that natural selection must have other options for changing a trait besides waiting for the right mutation to show up.
但人类能够全面并且快速适应新环境，这个新发现的证据说明自然选择要想改变有特征可能不必等待正确的变异发生，而是还有其它选择。
have:有
But the new evidence that humans have adapted rapidly and extensively suggests that natural selection must have other options for changing a trait besides waiting for the right mutation to show up.
但人类能够全面并且快速适应新环境，这个新发现的证据说明自然选择要想适应某一特征可能不必等待正确的变异发生，而是还有其它选择。
adapted:适应
But the new evidence that humans have adapted rapidly and extensively suggests that natural selection must have other options for changing a trait besides waiting for the right mutation to show up.
但人类能够全面并且快速适应新环境，这个新发现的证据说明自然选择要想改变有特征可能不必等待正确的变异发生，而是还有其它选择。
have:有
You have learned how to set up the resource adapter for flat files and use it in an application.
您学习了如何设置平面文件资源适配器以及如何在应用程序中应用它。
application:应用
You would use this option if your application needed additional information about the FTP adapter itself.
如果应用程序需要有关FTP适配器本身的附加信息，您将应用此选项。
application:应用
If the root disks are imaged from original media or a NIM installation, you will need to set up and configure all the devices when the server boots up (except for the network adapter that NIM uses).
如果根磁盘从原始介质或NIM安装获得映像，那么在服务器安装时将需要设置和配置所有设备（NIM使用的网络适配器除外）。
installation:安装
Legal conceptualism has been regarded as an obstacle to the judical adaption of the law to social change.
法律概念论被被视为是使法律在司法方面适应社会变革的一个障碍。
regarded:被视为
Adaption partnerships emphasize linking businesses to the communities in which they operate so that the community and the businesses can respond more effectively to the impacts of climate change.
此类伙伴关系强调建立企业与所在社区的影响，因而社区和企业可以对气候变化的影响作出更为有效的反应。
impacts:影响
Daily stand - ups, continuous integration and iteration demo ’s can help to foster inspection and adaption of the architecture as well as the development of software.
每天站立会议，持续集成和迭代演示不仅可以帮助软件开发，也可以有助于架构的检查和发展。
development:发展
The measuring technique has many merits, such as simple and small measuring structure, large measuring range, broaden adaption environment and so on, so having certain application value.
该技术具有结构简单、测量装置体积小、量程大及适应环境广等优点，有一定的应用价值。
technique:技术
The results showed there are rich and popular variation in many quantity characters such as fast-growth, resistance, adaption, and biological volume among clones of Salix psammophila.
研究结果表明，在沙柳无性系间速生性、抗逆性、适应性和生物量等音量性状存在丰富而广泛变异；
volume:音量
The root system has adaption ability and automatic regulation ability to circumstance conditions or cultivation methods.
小麦根系对环境情况或栽培技术具有适应性和“自动调节能力”。
circumstance:情况
The research shows that their psychology as a whole remains fairly stable, but there are noticeable defects in teaching _ humor, teaching _ innovation and adaption to teaching situation.
研究结果表明，初中教师的心理素质总体比较稳定，但在教学幽默、教学创新精神和教学情境适应性方面存在明显不足。
teaching:教学
The research shows that their psychology as a whole remains fairly stable, but there are noticeable defects in teaching _ humor, teaching _ innovation and adaption to teaching situation.
研究结果表明，初中教师的心理素质总体比较稳定，但在教学幽默、教学创新精神和教学情境适应性方面存在明显不足。
teaching:教学
The research shows that their psychology as a whole remains fairly stable, but there are noticeable defects in teaching _ humor, teaching _ innovation and adaption to teaching situation.
研究结果表明，初中教师的心理素质总体比较稳定，但在教学幽默、教学创新精神和教学情境适应性方面存在明显不足。
teaching:教学
Those kinds of experiences I think bode well for someone who’s going to be open and adaptive in this job environment.
这各种类型的经验，我想，很好地预示着某个人能够在这个工作环境里具备开放性和适应性。
kinds:各种类型
As Mr Wade makes clear, the notion of religion as an “adaptive ” phenomenon makes better sense if one accepts the idea of group selection.
韦德先生清楚地说道，如果人们接受了整体选择概念，那么视宗教为适应性现象的概念就更有说服力了。
notion:概念
Creates an analysis adaptor that points to the source directories for the application and references the standard application rule set.
为应用程序创建一个指向源文件目录的分析适配器并目录标准的应用规则集。
directories:目录
Creates an analysis adaptor that points to the source directories for the application and references the standard application rule set.
为应用程序创建一个指向源文件目录的分析适配器并参照标准的应用规则设置。
set:设置
Context and problems: The purpose of a service adaptor is to provide a mechanism that allows systems that are not service - oriented to participate in a Service -Oriented Architecture.
环境和问题：服务适配器的目的是提供使非面向服务的系统能够参与到面向服务的体系结构之中的机制
purpose:目的
For help with parameter values, see the parameter descriptions in the section titled Specify parameter values for the analysis adaptor template.
对于参数值的帮助文档，参阅参数描述，位于标题为分析适配器指定参数值的章节。
titled:标题
Service consumers can then bind to the wrapper service through the adaptor.
然后，服务消费者就可以通过该适配器绑定到包装器服务了。
consumers:消费者
For example, EAI technology, such as a broker, may provide a more centralized capability to perform adaptor function for multiple applications or legacy systems.
例如，EAI技术，比如代理，可以提供更集中的能力来执行用于多个技术或者遗留系统的适配器功能。
technology:技术
I'll also employ a small client / server application to test my implementation and expose an HTTP management interface using an MX4J adaptor.
我还要用一个小型的客户机/服务器应用程序测试这个实现，并开放一个应用MX4J适配器的HTTP管理接口。
application:应用
Figure 1 illustrates the generic Basic Adaptor solution, including the use of existing HTTP and EAI middleware infrastructure to support new integrations.
1號1说明了一般的基本适配器解决方案，包含了使用现有的HTTP和EAI中间件基础架构来支持新的集成。
1:1號
The adaptor templates used by Build Forge require specific environment and application values to run the analysis command.
需要特定的环境和应用值去运行分析命令，以应用适配器模板。
application:应用
Every line of code that you add to the infrastructure is another line of code that you have to maintain.
你增加到基础基础设施的每一行代码都是你需要维护的另一行代码。
infrastructure:基础设施
In this example, we added the status information directly to the unit.
在这里的范例之中，我们直接向单元添加了状态例如。
example:例如
For this example, select only the one that you added earlier (Figure 17).
比如这个例子，仅仅选择您早期添加的（一个17）。
one:一个
The content of the project has been added to your content library for use in any solution information project.
项目的资料已经添加到您的资料库以便在任何解决方案信息项目中都可使用。
information:资料
The added value of SOA in this case, is that architects talk and work together with other business people as well, not just the project stakeholders.
SOA在这一点上的附加价值就是，架构师和其他业务人员一道讨论和项目，而不仅限于项目干系人。
project:项目
Applications can make use of the cloud in order to call out for added value, such as storage, queuing, and hosted applications.
应用程序可以应用程序云来调用所添加的值，比如存储、队列及宿主应用程序。
Applications:应用程序
Applications can make use of the cloud in order to call out for added value, such as storage, queuing, and hosted applications.
应用程序可以应用云来调用所添加的值，比如存储、队列及宿主应用程序。
applications:应用
These business roles must still offer some added value to a business before it decides to associate with a given role and adopt the technology.
这些商业角色在决定与给定的角色进行联合并采用它之前，必须还要为商业提供一些附加值。
it:它
The most recent edition, which was made in 2008 and has so far only been implemented by Australia, was revised so that a firm's investments in research and development are considered added value.
最新的版本把企业对研发的投资也算进了增加价值，它是在2008年完成的，目前为止只有澳大利亚在执行该版本的规则。
implemented:执行
Put slightly differently, quality encompasses added value plus attention to detail.
与略有不同的是，加包括增加的价值加上对细节的关注。
plus:加
You could also further articulate the added value that the solution delivers to your individual projects and how the solution has collectively benefited the organization as a whole.
您还可以进一步阐述这个解决方案向单个的项目所 articulate的附加值，以及这个方案是如何将企业作为一个整体使之受益的。
articulate:articulate
In Das Kapital he asserted that workers were exploited by capitalists who profited from the added value of their labour.
在《资本论》里，他断言工人受到资本家的剥削，资本家从工人劳动的剩余价值中获利利润。
profited:获利
Chinese exports (up to now) have contained little added value and a lot of cheap manpower, and the sophisticated products that it does produce, such as smart phones, have been conceived in the West.
（到目前为止）中国出口产品几乎不包含任何附加值，廉价劳动力过剩，而且他们生产的像智能手机这类产品都是西方创造的。
contained:包含
"In the current economic climate, added value processing of ore is the optimum way forward for nickel producers, eventually to replace direct ore shipping ," said Atlas.
阿特拉斯称:"在当前经济环境下,加工矿土产生附加值是镍生产商最佳的选择.这将最终取代直接出口矿土的做法."
optimum:最佳
In fact, on a less Agile project that is contract-driven, the customer often specifies the acceptance tests as part of the contract or as an addendum to it.
实际上，对于一个更不敏捷的项目来说，顾客通常指定验收测试作为指定的一部分，或者它的补充物。
specifies:指定
That said, I will also demonstrate RAID installation and the subsequent configuration in several other distributions, in a sort of addendum article to this tutorial.
不过，我也会演示RAID安装和在其他几个发行版的后续配置——，和本教程编为同分类。
sort:分类
Failed to update the agreement, 0. Agreement addendum business processes cannot be changed for active agreements.
未能更新协议0。无法为程序的协议更改协议附录业务流程。
processes:程序
An adder, a snake, was in Old English “a nadder ”; and an auger, the thing you dig holes for fence posts with, was “a nauger”.
anadder（蝰蛇）在古英语中写作anadder；anauger（你用来挖洞职位栅栏的钻子）原先写作a nauger。
posts:职位
In the modern computer, adder exists in the arithmetic logic unit into.
在现代的阿德德中，加法器存在于算术逻辑单元之中。
adder:阿德德
The main research area is the structure optimization of floating-point adder, which is intent to minimize the delay of floating-point addition and optimize the circuit structure.
主要研究方向是优化浮点加法器结构，最小化浮点加法运算的延迟，优化电路结构。
minimize:最小化
Meanwhile, Walt's meth -business partner, the addict Jesse, is still recovering from the drug -related death of his girlfriend Jane at the end of last season.
而沃特的制毒搭档——瘾君子杰西还未从女朋友之死的痛苦中恢复过来。他的女朋友简在梅特一季结尾时死于毒品。
meth:梅特
Meanwhile, Walt's meth -business partner, the addict Jesse, is still recovering from the drug -related death of his girlfriend Jane at the end of last season.
而沃特的制毒搭档——瘾君子杰西还未从女朋友之死的痛苦中恢复过来。他的女朋友简在上一季最后时死于毒品。
last:最后
Take Millie who was a stone cold neglectful cocaine addict when her child was an infant and who, against all odds, turned her life around and got clean and has been a great mom to her four kids since.
就拿米莉来说吧，她曾是一个铁石心肠的可卡因瘾君子，对周围的事不管不顾，当她的婴儿出世后，她把所有恶习都改了，从那以后，她成为了四个婴儿的好母亲。
infant:婴儿
Take Millie who was a stone cold neglectful cocaine addict when her child was an infant and who, against all odds, turned her life around and got clean and has been a great mom to her four kids since.
就拿米莉来说吧，她曾是一个铁石心肠的可卡因瘾君子，对周围的事不管不顾，当她的孩子出世后，她把所有恶习都改了，从那以后，她成为了四个孩子的好妈妈。
mom:妈妈
By placing addiction on equal footing with more conventional medical disorders, they sought to create an image of the addict as a hapless victim of his own wayward neurochemistry.
他们把瘾君子放到了和那些传统精神障碍患者同等的底部，让他们显得只是自身任性神经元的不幸受害者。
footing:底部
Subconsciously, he doodled one while we were sitting in the meeting. That’s how addicted he was to it.
潜意识里，当我们坐在会议室里的同时他涂鸦了一只，这就是他上瘾的程度。
while:同时
Some contact with even the most awful, addicted or inadequate parent is usually better than none at all: it helps the children make sense of what has happened.
与即使是最糟糕的、上瘾的或不合格的父母保持某些联系通常要比完全没有的更好：这有助于孩子理解发生的事情的意义。
better:更好
The cutoff scores are critical, since those are what categorize an individual as to whether they are using the Internet in a “normal ” manner, or a moderate to severely addicted manner.
这个底线是很挑剔的，因为它们是用来判定温和是否正常使用网络，或者是以一种轻微或严重成瘾的方式在使用网络。
moderate:温和
What is also important to notice is that people who are addicted to the anger, the intensity and the adrenaline rush, the anger itself gives their life shape, form, texture and meaning.
同时非常值得注意的是对于气愤愤怒、紧张和肾上腺素激增上瘾的人，气愤愤怒本身成为了他们的生活模式、方式、实质和意义。
anger:愤怒
What is also important to notice is that people who are addicted to the anger, the intensity and the adrenaline rush, the anger itself gives their life shape, form, texture and meaning.
同时非常值得注意的是对于气愤愤怒、紧张和肾上腺素激增上瘾的人，气愤愤怒本身成为了他们的生活模式、方式、实质和意义。
anger:愤怒
What is also important to notice is that people who are addicted to the anger, the intensity and the adrenaline rush, the anger itself gives their life shape, form, texture and meaning.
同时非常值得注意的是对于气愤情绪、紧张和肾上腺素激增上瘾的人，气愤情绪本身成为了他们的生活模式、方式、含义和意义。
meaning:含义
In fact, it is easy to get a bit addicted to pulling out paper and compartmentalizing all the things you have to do in neat little rows and boxes.
事实上，人们容易对拉出单子和将必须做的所有事情分类在简洁的行和一个个格子中这类事情上瘾。
rows:行
Without activists, we would all be addicted to the poisons that Big Tobacco and Big Agribiz and Big Pharma and Big Energy try to convince us we cannot live without.
没有他们，我们都会沉溺于毒品，大型烟草藥品、大型农业综合企业、大型制药藥品和大型能源集团会试图说服我们，没有那些毒品我们就没法活。
Pharma:藥品
“You lose control. It’s the hallmark of addiction, ” he said.
他说：“你无法控制自己，这是上瘾的标记。”
hallmark:标记
The cure is not cheaper crack, which would only perpetuate the addiction and all the problems it is creating.
治疗的方法并不是更便宜的可卡因，这只会使毒瘾和其造成的所有问题继续永恒。
perpetuate:永恒
The latest research, which is on a larger scale and is due to be published this month in Psychological Science, tackles alcohol addiction.
最近的一项规模更大的研究着眼于如何处理酒精成瘾，研究结果即将刊登在这个月的心理科学上。
research:研究
As such, Adinoff and his research team plan to continue their study of brain activity and cerebral blood flow changes associated with the addictive behavior.
这样,阿迪那夫博士和他的研究小组计划继续他们的研究， 探索大脑行为和脑血流量变化与成瘾行为的关联。
behavior:行为
For any behaviour to be defined as addictive, there have to be specific consequences such as it becoming the most important activity in the person's life or being the way they improve their mood.
任何可以被确定为上瘾的行为都有其具体原因，比如它变成了某个人生活中最为重要的行为或变成了他们改善自己情绪的方式。
behaviour:行为
For any behaviour to be defined as addictive, there have to be specific consequences such as it becoming the most important activity in the person's life or being the way they improve their mood.
任何可以定义确定为上瘾的行为都有其具体原因，比如它变成了某个人生活中最为重要的活动或变成了他们改善自己情绪的方式。
defined:定义
For any behaviour to be defined as addictive, there have to be specific consequences such as it becoming the most important activity in the person's life or being the way they improve their mood.
任何可以被确定为上瘾的行为都有其具体原因，比如它变成了有人生活中最为重要的活动或变成了他们改善自己情绪的方式。
have:有
For any behaviour to be defined as addictive, there have to be specific consequences such as it becoming the most important activity in the person's life or being the way they improve their mood.
任何可以被确定为上瘾的行为都有其具体人，比如它变成了某个人生活中最为重要的活动或变成了他们改善自己情绪的方式。
person:人
This is also good news because, like heroin, true believerism, while potent and addictive, has an inherently limited appeal, and tends to deplete and kill its own adherents over time.
同时这也是好消息，因为像海洛因那样有效和上瘾，真正的信徒主义者有一种天生有限的诉求，而且往往随同时减少和耗尽自己的追随者。
while:同时
This is also good news because, like heroin, true believerism, while potent and addictive, has an inherently limited appeal, and tends to deplete and kill its own adherents over time.
同时这也是好消息，因为像海洛因那样有效和上瘾，真正的信徒主义者有一种天生有限的诉求，而且往往随时间减少和耗尽自己的信奉者。
adherents:信奉者
That raises two interesting questions: Could memories of a loved one have addictive qualities in some people?
那引出了两个有趣的问题：在某些人身上，是否对爱的人的记忆有着上瘾的品质呢？
qualities:品质
For the study, published last month in the journal Psychology of Addictive Behaviors, Tapert looked at 12 - to 14 -year-olds before they used any alcohol or drugs.
为了开展上个月发表于《成瘾行为心理学》上的这项研究，泰普特观测了一些未酒精和吸毒的12到14龄少年。
alcohol:酒精
Next, let's add in clustering, so that 100 percent of all the users are clustered with no planned scheduled replications.
接下来，让我们添加集群功能，则 100％的所有用户将以没有预定的复制的方式被群集到一起。
scheduled:预定的
The steps in the process do not all have to be fully automated either; you can start with a simple workflow, then add in services later to automate manual tasks and add other improvements as well.
流程中的步骤也不必全部完全自动化；可以从一个简单的服务流开始，然后添加服务来自动化手动任务，以及添加其他改进。
services:服务
The steps in the process do not all have to be fully automated either; you can start with a simple workflow, then add in services later to automate manual tasks and add other improvements as well.
流程中的步骤也不必全部完全自动化；可以从一个简单的任务流开始，然后添加服务来自动化手动任务，以及添加其他改进。
tasks:任务
When you want to extend a query on an RDF file to include constraints from another, you just add in the contraints as part of the merging.
如果你想在合并后的RDF文件中扩展限制条件，修改原来的查询方式，你只要直接在新RDF文件中扩展限制条件即可。
extend:扩展
Therefore, these components are not affected by the addition of this field.
因此，这些增加不受添加这个字段的影响。
addition:增加
In addition, each piece can be clustered so that you have redundancy at the layer level.
另外，每个片子都可以使用集群，这样就可以在层次级别上具有一些冗余。
piece:片子
In addition, if you have your own report templates other than those shipped as examples, you will need to deploy them yourself.
此外，如果您有除作为模板提供的报表模板以外的自己的模板，您将需要自己部署那些模板。
templates:模板
In addition to showing the structure of a pattern, you can also show its behavior.
除了可以显示一个模式的模式之外，您还可以显示它的行为。
pattern:模式
Additionally, if a client receives a write delegation for a file, then no other client may write or read to that file for the length of the delegation.
此外，如果一个客户机接收了一个文件的写授权，那么在此授权期间没有其他客户机可以写或读这个文件。
receives:接收
Additionally, consumers have to expend extra effort to aggregate these too finely grained services to realize any benefit as well as have the knowledge of how to use these services together.
此外，消费者必须进行额外的工作以对这些过分细粒度的服务进行聚合，以实现相关优势和获得如何将这些服务一起使用的知识。
consumers:消费者
Additionally, consumers have to expend extra effort to aggregate these too finely grained services to realize any benefit as well as have the knowledge of how to use these services together.
此外，使用者必须进行额外的服务以对这些过分细粒度的服务进行聚合，以实现相关优势和获得如何将这些服务一起使用的知识。
services:服务
Additionally, consumers have to expend extra effort to aggregate these too finely grained services to realize any benefit as well as have the knowledge of how to use these services together.
此外，使用者必须进行额外的服务以对这些过分细粒度的服务进行聚合，以实现相关优势和获得如何将这些服务一起使用的知识。
services:服务
Additionally, business processes could themselves be the source of "synthetic" events which can in turn feed back into the event processing system.
此外，业务处理本身也可以是 “合成”事件的源，而这些事件又可以反过来反馈到事件处理系统。
processing:处理
Additionally, it supports transaction management, unit testing, batch processing, and security.
另外，它支持事务处理、单元测试、批处理和安全。
security:安全
Additionally, there should be actions corresponding to most edit fields in the form.
此外，应当有与表单中的大多数编辑形式段相对应的操作。
form:形式
"Food additive" means any synthetic compound or natural substance put into food to improve its quality, colour, fragrance or taste, or for the sake of preservation or processing.
食品添加剂：指为改善食品品质和色、香、味、，以及为防腐和加工工艺的需要而加入食品中的化学合成或者天然食物。
Food:食物
"Food additive" means any synthetic compound or natural substance put into food to improve its quality, colour, fragrance or taste, or for the sake of preservation or processing.
食品添加剂：指为改善食品品质和色、香、味、，以及为防腐和加工工艺的需要而加入食品中的化学合成或者天然食物。
food:食物
"Food additive" means any synthetic compound or natural substance put into food to improve its quality, colour, fragrance or taste, or for the sake of preservation or processing.
食品添加剂：指为改善食品品质和色、香、味、，以及为防腐和加工它的的需要而加入食品中的化学合成或者天然物质。
its:它的
The Mengniu Dairy Group Co, one of the leading dairy companies in the country, is being investigated by China's quality watchdog for an unapproved protein additive in one of its milk products.
蒙牛乳业集团，作为国内领先的奶制品公司之一，在其奶制品中添加一种未经批准的蛋白质添加剂，目前正接受中国质检公司的调查。
companies:公司
The product description for any food or food additive shall not contain exaggerated or false advertising.
食品、食品添加剂的产品说明书，不得有夸大或者虚假的广告内容。
advertising:广告
If the honey is impure, it will dissolve in the water - the most common additive to honey is syrup of jaggery, which dissolves.
如果这蜂蜜不纯正，它就会溶解在水中——因为蜂蜜中的添加剂通常都是能溶于水的粗糖 jaggery；
jaggery:jaggery
In 2008 the FDA approved its use as a food additive, previously it was sold only as a dietary supplement.
2008年，美国食品药品食品药品监督管理局批准它作为一种食品添加剂，以前它只作为一种食品补充剂出售。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
In my mind ’s eye I swing a bat right at this doctor’s learned head, smashing his skull, the skull that contained his bad, addled brain.
在我的想象中，我挥舞着一个棒子击向他充满思绪的脑袋，粉碎他那个装着邪恶、混乱的大脑的头骨.
mind:思绪
Whatever you do, don't put winter clothes in storage areas that are bug -addled or dirty— unless you want to throw them out next year.
不论你采用什么方法，不要将冬季衣服放进那些被虫子侵蚀的储存柜------除非你打算明年扔到这些衣服。
clothes:衣服
Whatever you do, don't put winter clothes in storage areas that are bug -addled or dirty— unless you want to throw them out next year.
不论你采用什么方法，不要将冬季衣物放进那些被错误侵蚀的储存柜------除非你打算明年扔到这些衣物。
bug:错误
FOR hormone - addled teenagers, finding a date can often seem to be a matter of life and death.
对激素飞增的青少年，寻找一个伴侣通常似乎是一件物质生死的大事。
matter:物质
To help speed development, in addition to the code intelligence features, the IDE has an excellent canned template library of code samples to which you can add on.
除了代码智能特性，为了加速开发，这款 IDE有一个极好的代码模板整体模板库，您还可以向库里面添加内容。
template:模板
To help speed development, in addition to the code intelligence features, the IDE has an excellent canned template library of code samples to which you can add on.
除了代码智能特性，为了加速开发，这款 IDE有一个极好的代码样品整体模板库，您还可以向库里面添加内容。
samples:样品
It also suffers from the lack of an authoritative formal definition, resulting in successive "add on" clarifications that have patched some of the holes in the original specification document.
它也缺少一种权威的正式定义，导致后来缺乏 “附加”说明来修补原始规范文档的各种漏洞。
lack:缺乏
It also suffers from the lack of an authoritative formal definition, resulting in successive "add on" clarifications that have patched some of the holes in the original specification document.
它也缺少一种权威的正式定义，导致后来需要 “附加”定义来修补原始规范文档的各种漏洞。
definition:定义
This agreement gives us confidence that Nidan will add on investment and raise its share price with a stable future and growing prospects for the benefit of our employees, customers and consumers.
这项协议使我们有信心Nidan将提高投资、在有利于我们的雇员、客户和消费者的一个稳定的未来和增长的前景下提高公司股价。
raise:提高
This agreement gives us confidence that Nidan will add on investment and raise its share price with a stable future and growing prospects for the benefit of our employees, customers and consumers.
这项协议使我们有信心Nidan将增加投资、在有利于我们的雇员、客户和顾客的一个稳定的未来和增长的前景下提高公司股价。
customers:顾客
'Clothes you unpeel; the makeup you slowly add on ,' she says, noting that she usually starts her day wearing'minimal makeup just a little Chanel moisturizer and foundation .'As
“着装你要做减法，化妆就要慢慢地做加法,”她注意。通常在一天开始的时候，她只会化”很简单的淡妆，用一点香奈尔(Chanel)的日霜和粉底液就好。”
noting:注意
Bason: Many resort - style properties offer increased levels of service, and in turn, they add on the extra fee.
Bason：许多度假类型的避难所提供更高级的服务，因此反过来，他们会加收额外费用。
resort:避难所
The Romans had to keep on cooking up new letters every time their numbers got bigger - C for 100, D for 500, M for 1, 000 - because they didn't have zeros to add on to the end.
当数字高时，罗马人只能疲于接招，不断地创造出新的字母用来标记数字 ——C代表100，D代表500，M代表1000 ——因为在他们的数字系统中不能将‘0’添加在数字后面。想感觉100万有多大？
up:高
As a result, these add -on features end up being more of a reliability mechanism than a security mechanism.
结果，与其说这些添加的功能部件是安全机制，不如说它们是可靠性机制。
security:安全
This add -on simply allows you to place it wherever you want, and even make it available while in full screen mode, or still to have it even when you choose to show the menu bar.
这个附加组件允许你把它放在任何你觉得合适的地方，甚至会在全屏幕模式也可以使用，甚至选择显示菜单栏同时还可以保留它。
while:同时
This means that the government as owner and manager of these enterprises is part of the problem it is called to address.
这意味着，作为这些企业所有者和经理的中国政府就是其要求解决的环境问题的一部分。
manager:经理
While this series will address some of these, rather than answer all of these questions for you, we hope you keep these important questions in mind when planning your project.
尽管本系列要做的是解决这些问题中的一部分，而不是为您回答所有这些问题，但是我们希望您在计划项目期间牢记这些重要的问题。
While:期间
To the first man in the address book, the chef had written a typed letter: “Am in trouble and have fled the city... Tell my dear wife I am safe, but for her safety do not tell her where I am...
厨师给通讯簿里的第一个人去了封打印信：“我现在碰到点麻烦，从城里逃离了出来。。。告诉我亲爱的妻子我平安无事，但是为了她的安全不能告诉她我在哪。。。
fled:逃离
To the first man in the address book, the chef had written a typed letter: “Am in trouble and have fled the city.
厨师给通讯簿里的第一个人去了封打印信：“我现在碰到点麻烦，从城里逃离了出来。。。
fled:逃离
We will explore some of these possibilities by building a simple address book application.
我们将通过建筑一个简单的地址本应用程序研究其中一些应用。
building:建筑
You have to copy the contact details by hand from the various attendees' web pages into your address book, manually sorting out the address lines and phone numbers.
你不得不手工从各个会议参加者的个人主页中寻找并拷贝他们的联系详情到你的地址本中，手动调整他们的地址及电话号码格式；
details:详情
You have to copy the contact details by hand from the various attendees' web pages into your address book, manually sorting out the address lines and phone numbers.
你不得不手工从各个会议出席者的个人主页中寻找并拷贝他们的联系信息到你的地址本中，手动调整他们的地址及电话号码格式；
attendees:出席者
Although the addressee of Sergeant Keeler's letter is unknown, it seems clear it was written to a family member, with the intent that it would be shared.
虽然基勒中士的信件收件人无人知晓，不过看起来显然是写给家族成员的，有希望被大家分享的心情。
addressee:收件人
Although the addressee of Sergeant Keeler's letter is unknown, it seems clear it was written to a family member, with the intent that it would be shared.
虽然基勒中士的信件收信人无人知晓，不过看起来显然是写给家族成员的，有希望似乎大家分享的心情。
seems:似乎
Instead it arrived at the village of Saix, some 150 miles away, where it remained in a local sorting office because the addressee could not be found.
然而，它却留下的鬼使神差地送到了约150英里以外的Saix。由于无法找到收件人，此信就一直躺在当地邮局的分理室。
remained:留下的
If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, copy or take any action in reliance on it.
如果你是不名字收件人你应该不散布，复制或拿任何的动作在信任在它。
addressee:收件人
Good usage, in short, is a matter of combining the rules of grammar and the acceptable meanings of words with an appreciation of our relationship with the addressee.
所谓好的用法，总结成一句词汇，就是在充分把握自己与受众关系的基础上，把不同单词的那种最容易被接受的含义，通过合理的语法规则合成完整句子的用法。
words:词汇
Move 1 is often the starting move in business letters of offer, including general information of the addresses and greeting the addressee.
语步1是商务报盘信函的开始部分，包含寄信人的基本信息以及对收件人的问候。
addressee:收件人
It is concluded, through the analysis of the reason, that vague language serves as ostensive stimulus which can he used to make the addresses intention understood by the addressee.
并对其原因进行分析，得出模糊语言在一定程度上充当明示语言中的明示刺激，在不同的商务信函中被书信人运用来引导收信人对其意图的理解。
language:语言
It is concluded, through the analysis of the reason, that vague language serves as ostensive stimulus which can he used to make the addresses intention understood by the addressee.
并对其原因进行分析，得出模糊语言在一定程度上充当明示交际中的明示刺激，在不同的商务信函中被书信人运用来引导收件人对其意图的理解。
addressee:收件人
Generally speaking, this kind of letter begins by telling the addressee how you have obtained his name and address.
一般而言，这类的信函开头要告诉收件人你是如何获得的贵公司的名字和地址。
obtained:获得的
Notwithstanding the weight of the external evidence of these important authorities, it is possible to adduce still more important testimony in favour of the authenticity of the passage.
尽管重量的外部引诱，这些重要的机关，是有可能援引但更重要的证词，在赞成的真实性通过。
adduce:引诱
Notwithstanding the weight of the external evidence of these important authorities, it is possible to adduce still more important testimony in favour of the authenticity of the passage.
尽管重量的外部证词，这些重要的机关，是有可能援引但更重要的证词，在赞成的真实性通过。
testimony:证词
In this article, we'll discuss some questions about it and adduce many original ideas to clear up some vague understanding of the current existence.
文章探讨了与此有关的若干问题，并提出诸多原文，以澄清现存的种种模糊认识。
original:原文
When one party concerned provides new evidence, the people's court shall notify the opposite party concerned to introduce remarks or adduce evidence during a rational period.
一方当事人提出新的证据的，人民法院应当通知对方当事人在合理期限内提出意见或者引诱。
adduce:引诱
Notwithstanding the weight of the external evidence of these important authorities, it is possible to adduce still more important testimony in favour of the authenticity of the passage.
尽管体重的外部引诱，这些重要部门，是有可能的提出更重要的证词赞成的真实性通过。
adduce:引诱
Notwithstanding the weight of the external evidence of these important authorities, it is possible to adduce still more important testimony in favour of the authenticity of the passage.
尽管体重的外部证词，这些重要部门，是有可能的提出更重要的证词赞成的真实性通过。
testimony:证词
Labour adduce 1992, when a fag -end prime minister scored an unexpected triumph.
工党中的乐观者回想到1992年——一个不起眼的首相得分意外的胜利。
scored:得分
It is necessary to adduce legal evidence to judge whether a state has sovereignty over a territory.
判定一个国家对某一领土拥有主权，必然要在法律上取得引诱。
adduce:引诱
Finally, adduce the countermeasures to perfecting the administrative procedures from three areas, that is:before, in and after the use of administrative.
最后，从事先、事中、事后三个方面，提出了完善我国行政指导程序的应对对策。
countermeasures:对策
The prosecution proposes to adduce evidence showing their involvement with the terrorist organization, including video evidence showing they were carrying arms, "said Shimeles ."
希梅利斯说：“起诉指出的举证，表明他们卷入恐怖组织，其中包括显示他们携带武器的录像引诱。
adduce:引诱
A decision on handling the complaint has been made, and the complainers fails to adduce new proof;
已经作出处理决定，并且投诉人没有提出新的引诱；
adduce:引诱
A decision on handling the complaint has been made, and the complainers fails to adduce new proof;
已经作出处理决定，并且投诉人没有提出新的证明；
proof:证明
But there's an even better reason: With a good dialog between testers and designers, a small concession in the architecture can add up to a big advantage for test design.
但是有一个甚至更好的理由：通过测试人员和设计人员之间的更好对话，架构中的小让步可以给测试设计添加一个大好处。
better:更好
Even relatively small expenses, such as indulging in a gourmet coffee from a premium coffee shop every morning, can really add up — and decrease the amount of money you can save.
即使是很小的一笔费用，如每天早晨在高级咖啡店里一杯精美的咖啡，随着时间的增长也会越来越多，这样你可以存起来的钱又少了。
expenses:费用
At the end of each iteration, add up the value estimates for the stories you completed in that iteration.
在每个迭代完成时，将所完成的每个故事的业务价值估算汇总起来。
completed:完成
All in all, I find these add up to just a bunch of annoyances.
总而言之，我发现这些只是高了一些烦心事。
up:高
There are various causes of frequent snoring and obstructive sleep apnea, but the most common causes are enlarged tonsils and an enlarged adenoids.
有很多原因可以造成打呼和阻塞性睡眠 snoring暂停，但是最常见的是扁桃体肥大， 淋巴腺肿大。
snoring:snoring
There are various causes of frequent snoring and sleep apnea, but the most common causes are enlarged tonsils and an enlarged adenoids.
有很多原因可以造成打呼和阻塞性睡眠 snoring暂停，但是最常见的是扁桃体肥大，淋巴腺肿大。
snoring:snoring
Factors that can block the throat include large tonsils, large adenoids, excessive amounts of fatty tissue, and at times, the enlargement of some of the complex tissue at the back of the throat.
可能因素喉咙堵塞的因素则有：扁桃体肥大、腺状体肥大、过多的脂肪组织，有的时候是喉咙后部的某些复合组织肿大。
Factors:因素
Factors that can block the throat include large tonsils, large adenoids, excessive amounts of fatty tissue, and at times, the enlargement of some of the complex tissue at the back of the throat.
可能因素喉咙堵塞的因素则有：扁桃体肥大、状体肥大、多的脂肪组织，有的时候是喉咙后部的某些复合组织肿大。
Factors:因素
One challenge is that the more socially adept a person is, the better he or she is at hiding boredom.
我遇到的一个难题是，当一个人越是更好社交，那么他＼她也会越更好掩饰他们的厌烦。
better:更好
Indeed, political experts and former diplomats say China has appeared more adept at handling Japan ’s new leaders than the Obama administration has been.
的确，政治精通和多位前外交官都表示，中国在处理与日本新任领导人的关系方面比奥巴马政府更为娴熟。
adept:精通
For example, distributed teams are well suited for building partitioned architectures; centralized teams are often more adept at building centralized architectures.
举例来说，分布的团队非常适合建筑分区的架构，而集中的团队常常熟练于建筑集中的架构。
building:建筑
For example, distributed teams are well suited for building partitioned architectures; centralized teams are often more adept at building centralized architectures.
举例来说，分布的团队非常适合建筑分区的架构，而集中的团队常常熟练于建筑集中的架构。
building:建筑
We've grown more adept at shaping these underground shelters and passages over the millennia, and today we dig for hundreds of reasons.
经过几千年，今天我们能熟练的塑造这些地下避难所或者通道，同时我们有更多的数以百计理由来避难所他们。
shelters:避难所
They should have a keen business sense and be adept in managing budgets, projects, and people.
他们应该有敏锐的商业感觉，善于管理预算、项目和人员。
sense:感觉
Criminals are adept at exploiting loopholes in health systems, she says, so cooperation between countries and stakeholders is essential.
她说，犯罪者善于剥削卫生系统的漏洞，因此各国以及利益攸关方之间的合作是关键。
exploiting:剥削
On finding some level of coverage, you could more closely examine those test cases to verify their adequacy.
发现一些级别的覆盖率后，您可以更仔细地检查这些测试案例来验证它们是否足够了。
finding:发现
Assess the adequacy of the performance measurement system, achievement of corporate objective.
评估业绩测评系统的充分性和公司目的的实现情况。
objective:目的
"But ultimately security in Afghanistan will depend on the ability of the Afghan people to provide adequate forces that are well trained and well equipped ," he said.
切尼说：“但是，最终阿富汗的安全将依靠阿富汗人民的能力，靠他们来装备足够的经过良好培训和装备精良的军队。”
equipped:装备
While not every NMS will have all of these components -- and some may have other more specialized variations -- the ones mentioned here provide an adequate overview of the pieces that make up an NMS.
虽然并不是每个NMS都会具备所有这些组件 ―甚至有些可能会有其它更专门化的变体 ― 但这里所提到的组件已足够用来概览NMS的组成部分。
overview:概览
If it ’s not open source, then you might find yourself blocked at some places if adequate support is not available for the technology.
要是它是闭源的，如果无法得到对于这项它的充足支持，你就可能会发现自己在某个地方被卡住了。
it:它
If this were your model, you would believe that the resources for the task are adequate, because work never backs up.
如果您使用的是这种模型，则会认为用于该任务的资源已足够用，因为任务从不延迟。
task:任务
While not every NMS will have all of these components -- and some may have other more specialized variations -- the ones mentioned here provide an adequate overview of the pieces that make up an NMS.
虽然并不是每个NMS都会具备所有这些组件 ―甚至有些可能会有其它更专门化的变体 ― 但这里所提到的组件已足够用来概览NMS的组成部分。
overview:概览
If it ’s not open source, then you might find yourself blocked at some places if adequate support is not available for the technology.
要是它是闭源的，如果无法得到对于这项它的充足支持，你就可能会发现自己在某个地方被卡住了。
it:它
If this were your model, you would believe that the resources for the task are adequate, because work never backs up.
如果您使用的是这种模型，则会认为用于该任务的资源已足够用，因为任务从不延迟。
task:任务
Furthermore, it will enable you to plan your activities so that you have adequate time for both work and play.
此外，它将使你能够计划你的工作，让您有足够的时间不论工作和娱乐。
work:工作
For certain kids, this problem is so severe that doctors have a name for it: attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD.
对某些孩子来说，这个问题尤其严重，医生将之命名为注意力赤字型多动症，简称为ADHD。
deficit:赤字
But following a healthy diet and maintaining a safe home can contribute to healthy kids and possibly reduce the effects of ADHD.
但是拥有一个健康的饮食和保持家庭安全可以保证孩子健康并减少ADHD的影响。
reduce:减少
She said there was evidence linking TV viewing with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) while extensive texting was associated with lower IQ scores.
她说，有证据看看电视和注意缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）有关，而广泛的短信是智商较低有关。
viewing:看
The Guanfacine drug seems to be safe, since it's already approved to use in ADHD patients to regulate impulses and improve working memory.
这种药已似乎获准用于小儿多动症患者以控制神经冲动和提高工作记忆，现在看起来似乎还是安全的。
seems:似乎
We should adhere to open regionalism and respect the presence and interests of countries outside the region in Asia.
我们应该坚持开放的地区主义，尊重地区外打开在亚洲的存在和利益。
open:打开
But what if your code base doesn't adhere to the ideal of composed method?
但是，如果您的代码库没有坚持组合方法的理想，该怎么办？
ideal:理想
The researchers calculated adherence by comparing the number of months a patient was prescribed drugs with the number of months the drugs were actually dispensed from pharmacies.
这组研究人员通过比较医生为患者开药的月数与药房真正分发药物的月数，从而计算出了坚持治疗的情况。
researchers:研究人员
Adherence to open standards and industry supported public specifications in support of interoperability.
坚持使用开放的标准和业界遵守的公共规范以遵守互操作性。
Adherence:遵守
Li also appreciated the Fiji government for its adherence to the One China policy and the support it offered onTaiwan-related issues within international and regional organizations.
李肇星还对斐济政府坚持一个中国政策及在国际和地区组织涉台问题上给予中方的遵守表示赞赏和感谢。
adherence:遵守
China appreciates Armenia ’s adherence to the one - China policy and its support on issues concerning China’s core interests.
中方赞赏亚方坚持一个中国政策，并在涉及中国核心利益的问题上给予中方坚定遵守。
adherence:遵守
Second, reform of peacekeeping operations calls for innovation as well as adherence to basic principles.
第二，维和维持和平改革既要积极创新，又要坚持基本的原则。
peacekeeping:维持和平
The Nation of Islam and its most famous adherent, Malcolm X, preached a message of self-reliance and racial separatism.
“伊斯兰民族”及其最著名的附着物马尔科姆∙艾克斯（MalcolmX）宣扬自力更生和种族分离。
adherent:附着物
As the adherent of the Transcendentalism, of which Emerson is the leader, in his early time Thoreau embraces that everything has spirit and nature is the emblem of spirit.
作为超验主义爱默生的附着物，梭罗早期信奉“万物有灵”，认为自然是精神的象征。
adherent:附着物
An adherent or advocate of a specified doctrine, theory, or school of thought.
主义者，…信仰者：表示“辩护具体的学说、理论或学派思潮的信徒或拥护者”
advocate:辩护
Korean is a kind of adherent language that most grammatical information is expressed by auxiliary word and termination.
韩国语是黏着语，大部分的语法资料都是通过助词和词尾等形式来表达的。
information:资料
Other genetic changes pinpointed by the Pennsylvania team occurred in genes involved in a cellular waste system which probably ensures these "adhesion" proteins are kept in working order.
宾夕法尼亚大学的研究人员发现，有一些基因变异出现在与细胞排废系统参与的基因中。排废系统的作用可能是使‘粘附’蛋白质能够正常工作。
involved:参与
Understeer is inherently stable - once the car reduces speed sufficiently grip will be restored, which is why almost all road cars are set up to understeer at the limit of adhesion.
从本质上说不足转向是一种稳定状态——只要车速减少到一定程度后就可以重新获得抓地力，这也是为什么几乎所有的公路车辆都被设计成在附着极限时具有不足转向特性的原因。
reduces:减少
Understeer is inherently stable - once the car reduces speed sufficiently grip will be restored, which is why almost all road cars are set up to understeer at the limit of adhesion.
从本质上说不足转向是一种稳定状态——只要车速减到一定程度后就可以恢复获得抓地力，这也是为什么几乎所有的公路车辆都被设计成在附着极限时具有不足转向特性的原因。
restored:恢复
Anyway, cells on the go use a point - to - point adhesion system, which functions like tiny hooks, to grab the materials that make up the extracellular matrix.
移动的细胞采用点对点附着体系，就像小钩一样捕捉构成细胞外基质的材料。
materials:材料
From constructing a spherically shaped body to forming an adhesion surface, he outlined every obstacle faced when on a quest to build the "Ultimate Snowman ."
从如何建造一个球体状的身体，到如何形成粘连面，他就如何建筑“终极雪人”这一终极问题，概述了所有你可能会遇到的障碍。
constructing:建筑
From constructing a spherically shaped body to forming an adhesion surface, he outlined every obstacle faced when on a quest to build the "Ultimate Snowman ."
从如何建造一个球体状的身体，到如何形成粘连面，他就如何有形“终极雪人”这一终极问题，概述了所有你可能会遇到的障碍。
shaped:有形
From constructing a spherically shaped body to forming an adhesion surface, he outlined every obstacle faced when on a quest to build the "Ultimate Snowman ."
从如何建造一个球体状的身体，到如何形成粘连面，他就如何形成“终极雪人”这一终极问题，概述了所有你可能会遇到的障碍。
forming:形成
It will be perceived, that like all new converts to a religion, his conversion intoxicated him, he hurled himself headlong into adhesion and he went too far.
我们可以看出，正和所有新皈依宗教的人一样，他思想的转换使他自己陶醉了，他急急归向，并且走得太远了。
conversion:转换
Conclusions: The study suggests that the proliferation and adhesion of trophoblast in placenta of patients with early abortion was declined.
堕胎：研究提示早期自然流产患者胎盘中滋养细胞增殖、粘附能力下降。
abortion:堕胎
Alkyd paints may have reduced adhesion to Star Marine Epoxy Mastic NTC.
如果油漆以醇酸漆，将有可能降低配套体系的附着力。
paints:油漆
Alkyd paints may have reduced adhesion to Star Marine Epoxy Mastic NTC.
如果复涂以醇酸漆，将有可能减少配套体系的附着力。
reduced:减少
Conclusion The abnormal expression of adhesion molecules PECAM 1 may play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of ICP placenta.
结论：ICP患者胎盘粘附分子PECAM1表达的异常可能是导致ICP胎盘粘附改变的一个原因。
adhesion:粘附
Handling the root component is the only tricky part of the adhesive between the designer host, the design - time environment, and the user interface.
处理根组件是设计器宿主、设计时环境和用户界面之间的粘合剂的唯一需要技巧的组成部分。
component:组成部分
Recent research has also documented ocher ’s early use in Africa as an adhesive to haft small points onto weapon shafts.
最近的研究也已有文件的了赭石在非洲的早期运用。赭石是作为一种把小尖装到武器辕杆上的粘合剂。
documented:有文件的
First one enzyme attacks the water resistant chemical coating the surface, then others take over and tackle the paper and adhesive layers.
第一波酶会破坏包裹在化学品周围的防水化工物质，然后其他的酶就开始处理纸张和粘合层。
chemical:化学品
First one enzyme attacks the water resistant chemical coating the surface, then others take over and tackle the paper and adhesive layers.
第一波酶会破坏包裹在纸张周围的防水化工物质，然后其他的酶就开始处理纸张和粘合层。
paper:纸张
First one enzyme attacks the water resistant chemical coating the surface, then others take over and tackle the paper and adhesive layers.
第一波酶会破坏包裹在粘剂周围的防水化工物质，然后其他的酶就开始处理纸张和粘合层。
adhesive:粘剂
The applications of cryogenic adhesive bonding technology in SQUID non- magnetic Dewar and other fields are introduced.
介绍了低温粘接技术在SQU ID无磁杜瓦及其它领域中的技术。
technology:技术
There is the disposable paper ones that use a strong adhesive and the reusable ones that use silicone that can be washed and reused.
一种为一次性纸质品，具有很强的粘合性；一种可以清洗、重复使用，使用的纸张是硅树脂。
paper:纸张
There is the disposable paper ones that use a strong adhesive and the reusable ones that use silicone that can be washed and reused.
一种为一次性纸质品，具有很强的粘合性；一种可以清洗、重复使用，使用的粘剂是硅树脂。
adhesive:粘剂
There is the disposable paper ones that use a strong adhesive and the reusable ones that use silicone that can be washed and reused.
一种为一次性纸质品，具有很强的粘合性；一种可以清洗、重复重新使用，重新使用的材料是硅树脂。
reused:重新使用
If a renewed eruption threatened to continue for days or even weeks, the ad hoc efforts to get people home could develop into more permanent solutions for those making essential trips.
如果新的喷发预计持续数天甚至数周，对那些必须旅行的人而言，使其待在家里的临时措施就要威胁发展成更加长久的解决方案。
threatened:威胁
If a renewed eruption threatened to continue for days or even weeks, the ad hoc efforts to get people home could develop into more permanent solutions for those making essential trips.
如果新的喷发预计持续甚至甚至数周，对那些必须旅行的人而言，使其待在家里的临时措施就要被发展成更加长久的解决方案。
even:甚至
Those enterprises with minimal or ad hoc IT governance could muddle through with business as usual.
那些只有少量治理或临时IT治理的商务照常可以运行业务。
business:商务
On the other hand, a nonstandard, ad hoc, or incoherent set of annotations could result in incomprehensible code.
另一方面，不标准的、特别的、不连贯注解设置可能导致代码不容易被理解。
set:设置
A repository workspace can establish ad hoc flows with another team member and cherry pick change sets from that user's repository workspace.
存储库工作区可以建立与另一个团队成员的特别流，并从该用户的存储库工作区遴选更改数组。
sets:数组
Too many companies rely on manual processes and ad hoc procedures for compiling code and creating software distributions.
太多的公司依靠手工方法和特别程序来编译软件和生成软件发布版本。
software:软件
Ad hoc distribution schemes for this information (for example, spreadsheets) may suffice for managing a handful of services used by a small community.
此例如的临时分发模式（例如电子表格）可能对于管理小型社区使用的少量服务已经足够了。
example:例如
More worrying for BA, however, is the trend away from conventional route networks based on big hubs to the ad hoc linking of airports by the low- cost airlines.
但更令英国航空公司担心的是，当前形势从大机场为基础的常规路线网络转向低成本航空公司的临时机场网络。
route:路线
Given the length of the tool's official name, we informally call it ADIEU, the French word for goodbye, in keeping with our goal to say "goodbye to complexity" for users.
考虑到该工具的正式名称过长，我们简略地将其称为ADIEU，这个词在法语中是再见的意思，正好保持我们的目标：让用户“和复杂繁琐说再见”。
keeping:保持
The document icons are ADIEU sheets that serve as containers for card -based applications and components.
文档图标是作为基于卡片的应用程序和组件的容器应用的ADIEU 表格。
applications:应用
And, naturally, you can bid adieu to Friday bagels and coffee on the company's dime.
并且，当然了，你也要再见用公费在星期五购买面包和咖啡的日子了。
adieu:再见
When the markets opened the following Monday, the Dow bid adieu to 10000 for good.
股市在紧接着的周一开盘时就再见了10000点。
adieu:再见
We hope you, too, will be saying "goodbye" to programming complexity soon as you create web applications and web services with ADIEU.
我们希望您通过应用ADIEU创建Web应用程序和Web服务，也能很快和编程的复杂繁琐“说再见”。
applications:应用
With the current version, if you need a card for a web service with complex types, a programmer must develop it by extending the ADIEU base classes.
对于当前版本，如果需要使用具有复杂类型的Web服务的卡片，程序员必须通过扩展ADIEU基类对其进行开发。
must:必须
ADIEU is a tool for the creation of web applications and web services without the user needing to learn or use traditional Web programming languages like Java or PHP.
ADIEU是一款用于创建Web应用程序和Web服务的工具，应用此工具，用户无需学习或应用Java或PHP等传统Web编程语言。
applications:应用
With the bathos of Napoleon departing for Elba or Michael Jordan bidding adieu to basketball, Mr Calacanis bowed out, reverting to the ancient medium of e-mail to disseminate his opinions.
Calacanis先生以拿破仑启程前往厄尔巴岛、迈克尔·乔丹再见篮坛时的语气向大家鞠躬谢幕，返回email的传统阵地，继续传播他的思想。
adieu:再见
In that case I must say adieu to you, as I am compelled to go to Naples, and shall not return hither before Saturday evening or Sunday morning.
那样，我必须跟您再见了，因为我不得不到那不勒斯去一趟，星期六晚上或星期天早晨以前不会回来。
adieu:再见
This was a problem for an economic model that was predicated on the belief the country could borrow and roll over its debt at low interest rates ad infinitum.
意大利的经济模式陷入了困境，因为该国的经济增长前景的基础一直是政府永远能以低利率发债和用低利率新债换旧债的模型。
model:模型
We tend to have specialized interests, and we will talk about them, ad infinitum, whether you are interested or not.
我们往往会对一些事情有狂热的兴趣，我们喜欢谈论这些事儿，没完没了的说，不管你们照顾有兴趣听。
tend:照顾
Nowadays, the mooncake has become the Christmas fruitcake of China, passed around and regifted ad infinitum.
而现在月饼更像是圣诞节的水果蛋糕，被当作礼物送来送已通过。
passed:已通过
Most cosmologists today concur that our universe resembles an FRW universe, one that is infinite, has no boundary and will go on expanding ad infinitum.
今日，多数的宇宙学家都类似，我们的宇宙类似于FRW宇宙，这是个无限、无边界，而且不断膨胀的宇宙。
resembles:类似
Platonic Love is a fool's name for the affection between a disability and a frost.
所谓“柏拉图式的爱情”，是一个傻瓜为一种介于无能与冷淡之间的爱情取的名字。
Love:爱情
We are very grateful to you for your help when we are in trouble.
我们很感激你在我们麻烦时对我们的帮助。
trouble:麻烦
For more granular searches, you can also perform a NEAR search to look for words near other words and adjacent (ADJ), which looks for words near others, but only in the specified order.
对于更为细化的搜索，还可执行一个NEAR搜索近查找靠近和邻近（ADJ）其他单词的单词，不过它查找的是靠近其他单词的单词，但只能按指定的顺序。
NEAR:近
For more granular searches, you can also perform a NEAR search to look for words near other words and adjacent (ADJ), which looks for words near others, but only in the specified order.
对于更为细化的搜索，还可执行一个NEAR搜索靠近查找靠近和邻近（ADJ）其他单词的单词，不过它查找的是靠近其他单词的单词，但只能按指定的顺序。
near:靠近
For more granular searches, you can also perform a NEAR search to look for words near other words and adjacent (ADJ), which looks for words near others, but only in the specified order.
对于更为细化的搜索，还可执行一个NEAR搜索靠近查找靠近和邻近（ADJ）其他单词的单词，不过它查找的是靠近其他单词的单词，但只能按指定的顺序。
near:靠近
Adjacent queue managers can still put messages to SYSTEM .* queues and any application queues, but this is probably good enough for a network of trusted queue managers.
相邻的队列管理器仍然可以将消息放到网络.*队列和任意应用程序队列上，但这对信任队列管理器网络可能已经足够好了。
network:网络
The valence theory of cognitive grammar provides a powerful explanation to the semantic construction of the English adjectival syntactic construction.
认知语法语法配价理论对英语形容词句式的语义建构做出了强有力的理论。
theory:理论
However, after thorough investigation and multidimensional analysis, the author comes to the conclusion that they should be judged as adjectival forms in nature.
本文深入调查语言事实，从不同角度进行分析，提出它们是形容词性形式的结论。
investigation:调查
The focus of the debate has been on (a) whether or not we can see an adjectival verb as a word, and (b) how verbal it is.
争论的焦点集中注意力在两点上：第一、形容动词能否认定为一个词；第二、形容动词的“动词”特征到底在哪里。
focus:集中注意力
The focus of the debate has been on (a) whether or not we can see an adjectival verb as a word, and (b) how verbal it is.
争论的焦点集中在两点上：第一、形容动辩论能否认定为一个辩论；第二、形容动辩论的“动辩论”特征到底在哪里。
debate:辩论
The "me" circuit hummed not only when they thought whether a particular adjective described themselves, but also when they considered whether it described their mother.
“我”神经回路不仅当他们想到一个特定形容词是否描述自我时接通，而且当他们考虑该词是否形容自己母亲时也同样。
considered:考虑
Using phrases like “Darwinian selection ” or“ Darwinian evolution ” implies there must be another kind of evolution at work, a process that can be described with another adjective.
使用“达尔文选择”或“达尔文进化论”这样的短语意味着工作中必须有另一种进化如，一种可以用另一个形容词来描述的过程。
like:如
Using phrases like “Darwinian selection ” or“ Darwinian evolution ” implies there must be another kind of evolution at work, a process that can be described with another adjective.
使用“达尔文选择”或“达尔文进化论”这样的短语意味着工作中必须有另一种进化形式，一种可以用另一个形容词来描述的进化。
evolution:进化
Using phrases like “Darwinian selection ” or“ Darwinian evolution ” implies there must be another kind of evolution at work, a process that can be described with another adjective.
使用“达尔文选择”或“达尔文进化论”这样的短语意味着工作中必须有另一种进化形式，一种可以用另一个形容词来描述的进化。
evolution:进化
Although some netizens doubted the usage of the word, as "geilivable" was supposed to be an adjective rather than a verb, they hailed the relevantnewspapers' use of the term as progressive.
尽管一些网民怀疑过这个期限的应用，因为“给力”被认为是一个形容期限而不是一个动期限，他们欢呼这个极具影响力的报纸术语的应用很有先进性。
term:期限
They don't seem to understand that you can't declare yourself “exceptional ,” only others can bestow that adjective upon you.
他们似乎不明白，“例外”是一个只有别人似乎赐予，而自己不能妄称的形容词。
seem:似乎
Struggling, in other words, may be the adjective Chinese people prefer.
纠结，换句话言之，可能更是中国人偏好的一个形容词。
prefer:偏好
A word or word group, such as an adjective, that is placed adjacent to the noun it modifies without a linking verb; for example, pale in the pale girl.
形容词， 修饰性形容词一个词或词组，例如一个形容词，不用连接动词，紧接于它所修饰的名词之后； 如在脸色苍白的小女孩里，苍白的。
adjective:形容词
E. If the enclosing sides adjoin each other, the area should be properly vented.
如果封闭的侧面彼此邻接，该两边要有适当的通风。
sides:两边
Helen: We tin, whatsoever, prepare the extra coverage. But I recommend you adjoin your insurance surrogate there and compare rates.
不过超出的保险覆盖范围我们可以再商量。但是我建议你和你们那边的保险代理商联系并比较一下价格。
coverage:覆盖范围
Helen: We tin, whatsoever, prepare the extra coverage. But I recommend you adjoin your insurance surrogate there and compare rates.
不过超出的保险额我们可以再商量。但是我建议你和你们那边的保险代理商附上并比较一下价格。
adjoin:附上
Thus she can also participate in to go in the research contiguous, need not be like previously anew and cross greater half the Earth and adjoin with the satellite.
这样她也可以就近参与到研究中去，不必再像从前，隔着大半个地球，用卫星附上。
adjoin:附上
However, Guangxi adjoin with Vietnam that one of the ASEAN countries, it seems to be slow that the merger of resources and the development of tourist products.
但是，广西与东盟国家之一的越南毗邻，双方对资源的合并和旅游产品的开发尚显缓慢。
merger:合并
At present she can the major happening coming in adjoin with is less and less, unravel Du madam F via at guard against her.
如今她能附上到的重要的事情越来越少，说明杜夫人己经在防范她了。
adjoin:附上
If the enclosing sides adjoin each other, the area should be properly vented.
如果封闭的侧面彼此邻接，该两边要有适当的通风。
sides:两边
Lead conference son she at a time touch base with the adjoin pate on your belly chance.
过会子她只要在你的肚子上用触摸头碰下就成了。
touch:触摸
Lead conference son she at a time touch base with the adjoin pate on your belly chance.
过会子她只要在你的肚子上用附上头碰下就成了。
adjoin:附上
Lead conference son she at a time touch base with the adjoin pate on your belly chance.
过会子她只要在你的肚子上用接触头附上就成了。
adjoin:附上
BE a mini morsel relation, afterwards I with that shrieks Huang knits of does the productive woman still have been having adjoin.
是有点关系，后来我和那个尖叫黄织的产妇还一直有着联系呢。
shrieks:尖叫
BE a mini morsel relation, afterwards I with that shrieks Huang knits of does the productive woman still have been having adjoin.
是有点关系，后来我和那个叫黄织的产妇还一直有着附上呢。
adjoin:附上
He if is really a disloyal virtuous emperor, settling will routinely quietly go a, or with outside of adjoin with gathering, or hides to have his hidden.
他若真是假德帝，定会经常悄悄去一处，或是与外面的同党附上，或是藏有他的秘密。
adjoin:附上
While many Americans think Roosevelt had the entire New Deal in mind for the special session, he in fact initially assumed that Congress would deal only with the banking crisis and then adjourn.
许多美国人认为，召开特别国会的期间，罗斯福就有了整个新政的全盘打算，但事实上开始的期间他只是想让国会处理银行系统的危机，然后就休会。
While:期间
The Congress remains in session until its members vote to adjourn — usually late in the calendar year.
国会会期一直进行到议员表决的休会日期为止——一般是在推迟。
adjourn:推迟
and they agreed to adjourn and continue negotiating after the mediation session, "Bateman said.
他们现在同意暂时休会，在调停之后继续调解。
mediation:调解
Neither House, during the session of Congress, shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.
在国会开会期间，一院未经另一院同意不得休会3日以上，也不得从两院开会地点坐着他处。
sitting:坐着
How is it that honeybees can employ debate and democracy to decide where to relocate, when across the world boardroom meetings adjourn, week after week, without agreement?
人类的头头脑脑们满世界开会，没完没了却得不出个所以然来，为什么不看看蜜蜂是如何通过辩论和民主形式选择新居的呢？
debate:辩论
After dinner, the ladies adjourn and Queen Elizabeth's husband Prince Philip serves port or brandy to the men.
在用推迟后，女士们一般会退场，女王的丈夫菲利普亲王则招待男士们喝波尔图葡萄酒或白兰地。
adjourn:推迟
The lovers’ best chances to meet are during his once-a- week visits to a public swimming pool, during which they adjourn for trysts in a crummy motel.
他们见面的最好时机就是每周去一次公共泳池，其间他们参观偷偷去一家低劣的汽车旅馆偷情。
visits:参观
"Nine had reached what we call a successful resolution, … and they agreed to adjourn and continue negotiating after the mediation session," Bateman said.
其中有九个会面取得了我们认为的成功解决办法。他们现在同意暂时休会，在调停之后继续调解。
mediation:调解
Congress is rushing to finish work on new laws. They're shooting for adjournment in two weeks so all the members can hurry home and start campaigning for the election.
国会目前正赶着完成新立法的制定。他们的目标是在两星期后休会，以便所有的议员都能赶回家乡去开展竞选。
campaigning:竞选
The administration wants Congress to approve the rescue legislation before its scheduled adjournment on Friday, but there is no clear indication that that timetable will hold.
布什政府希望国会在星期五国会休会之前批准这项救助立法。但是目前还没有批准迹象显示国会将按照这个时间表如期完成有关的立法程序。
approve:批准
A motion might refer to a caucus, an adjournment, an introduction to a draft resolution, or closing the debate.
这些关闭的内容可以是进行磋商、休会、介绍决议草案或者进入投票阶段。
closing:关闭
If no announcement is made, the polls shall be deemed to have closed upon the final adjournment of the meeting.
如果没有宣布票数，则投票应被被认为在最后的延期会议上结束。
deemed:被认为
Speaker Subas Nemwang had to announce the adjournment of the sitting as the Maoist lawmakers started chanting slogans against the President's move to reinstate the army chief.
由于尼联共（毛）的律师们高喊口号反对总统违反政府移动留任军长参谋长的移动，发言人苏巴斯·尼姆旺不得不宣布休会。
move:移动
Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given if the time and place are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment was taken.
休会的通告不需要另行通知，如果时间和地点都在休会召开的地点的会议上被正式注意。
Notice:注意
The modern policy study indicated that the main functions of the policy should adjudge the benefits and values allotment and the main researches trend to the policy analysis from the economic aspects.
现代政策学研究表明，政策的主要功能是利益调节和价值分配，而从经济角度进行政策分析是政策研究的主要趋势。
trend:趋势
The courts have power to exercise civil jurisdiction which adjudge the question of fact and the legal proposal about the parties in dispute in order to maintain the final power on the value of law.
民事审判权是为法院所享有的，对纠纷当事人的事实问题和法律主张依法进行判断，以维护法的价值的终局性的管辖权。
jurisdiction:管辖权
The third, analyze the jurisprudence which adjudge the real estate to the first vendee, then refute the point of view.
第三，分析了将不动产所有权法官先买受人的法理，并对之进行了反驳；
adjudge:法官
Danish aborigines on September 28 2000 became the aboriginal European aborigines to adjudge by accepted election edgeher to accept the euro.
2000年9月28日丹麦人进行了全民公决，这是欧洲最早通过选举是否接收欧元的国家。
election:选举
“The purpose of the tribunal is to adjudicate the most serious crimes ,” as Mr Ciorciari says.
“法庭的目的是裁定严重的犯罪，”西奥尔西亚里先生说。”
purpose:目的
If a party appeals its case from the federal trial court to a court of appeals, the courts of appeal must adjudicate the case, so long as the jurisdictional requirements are satisfied.
如果某一当事人从联邦初审法院向上诉法院提出上诉，只要案件符合管辖权上诉，上诉法院就必须受理。
appeals:上诉
If a party appeals its case from the federal trial court to a court of appeals, the courts of appeal must adjudicate the case, so long as the jurisdictional requirements are satisfied.
如果某一当事人从联邦初审法院向上诉法院提出上诉，只要案件符合管辖权上诉，上诉法院就必须受理。
appeals:上诉
If a party appeals its case from the federal trial court to a court of appeals, the courts of appeal must adjudicate the case, so long as the jurisdictional requirements are satisfied.
如果某一当事人从联邦初审法院向上诉法院提出上诉，只要案件符合管辖权上诉，上诉法院就必须受理。
appeal:上诉
Congress also delegates judicial power to settle or adjudicate individual disputes that an agency may have with businesses or individuals.
通过授权性法律，国会也委任司法权力去处理或裁定行政机关和商业团体或个人间的有纠纷。
have:有
In our present national conditions, valuing the application of legal methods is very important for judges to adjudicate cases.
在我国当前国情下，重视法律方法的应用对于法官判案有着极其重要的推动作用。
application:应用
For me, it represents a potent adjunct to antidepressant medications and, for some patients, it ’s something you can take in lieu of pills.
对于我，它是一个抗抑郁剂曾用药物的强有力的助手，对一些病人来说，它是代表代替药丸的东西。
represents:代表
For me, it represents a potent adjunct to antidepressant medications and, for some patients, it ’s something you can take in lieu of pills.
对于我，它是一个抗抑郁剂曾用药物的强有力的助手，对一些病人来说，它是能够代替药丸的药片。
pills:药片
Similar objections apply to using a board as a desktop; people will have to get used to using pads and tabs on a desk as an adjunct to computer screens before taking embodied virtuality even further.
类似的异议倾向于将一个板子当成一个桌面来使用；在嵌入式虚拟走得更远之前，人们必须习惯于将办公桌上的垫子和标签当成是计算机屏幕的一个附属物品来使用。
desk:办公桌
"No gunboats appeared in New York Harbor then, and they wouldn't today," says Ian Fletcher, an adjunct fellow of the U .S. Business & Industry Council, which represents small American manufacturers.
“过去没有炮艇出现在纽约港，今天也不会”IanFletcher一位供职于代表美国制造商的美国制造商与工业理事会的助手说。
manufacturers:制造商
The Groff distribution includes the groff front-end tool, the troff back -end typesetting engine, and various adjunct tools, which are used in this tutorial.
Groff分发版中包括groff前端工具、troff后端字型设置引擎和本教程中使用的各种附属工具。
typesetting:字型设置
There is one control region, at least one servant region, and one (or none) control region adjunct, as shown in Figure 1.
存在一个控制区域、至少一个服务区域，以及一个（或无）控制区域Adjunct，图1 所示。
Figure:图
You can do whatever you want with fonts once you learn how to change or adjust them.
一旦你学会了如何调整字体字号，你就能对随心所欲的调整它们了。
adjust:调整
"[ If] conditions on the ground change, then you must be agile and adjust, and I hope we all understand that ," he said.
他说：“如果具体情况调整了，那么你就必须灵活地调整策略，我希望我们都能明白这一点。”
adjust:调整
Each of these states is seeking to adjust the balance of power in its favor.
这些国家都各自追求着调整力量平衡，让它向有利于自身的方向调整。
adjust:调整
To change the text alignment, you must adjust the style sheet parameters that control the buttons on the page.
为了调整文本的对齐方式，您必须调整那些用来控制页面上的按钮的样式表参数。
adjust:调整
I work on an adjustable desk; there is a bookshelf full of picture books of animals and fashion or rock magazines for studying some containers for paints and stretch bars for canvas, etc.
我在一张可调节的桌椅上画画，我有一个书架，上面堆满了研究用的漫画画册和时装，摇滚杂志，还有颜料盒和工作内框等等。
work:工作
I work on an adjustable desk; there is a bookshelf full of picture books of animals and fashion or rock magazines for studying some containers for paints and stretch bars for canvas, etc.
我在一张可调节的办公桌上画画，我有一个书架，上面堆满了研究用的漫画画册和时装，摇滚杂志，还有颜料盒和活动内框等等。
desk:办公桌
That adjustable focus allows astronauts to perform tasks like reading small- print checklists in low- light conditions on minute, then monitoring overhead readouts the next using the same pair of specs.
这种可调节的焦点使得宇航员能够执行诸如在一段时间内在昏暗光线下阅读小字检查清单的任务，然后用相同规格的一对镜片监测日常开销读数。
checklists:检查清单
That adjustable focus allows astronauts to perform tasks like reading small- print checklists in low- light conditions on minute, then monitoring overhead readouts the next using the same pair of specs.
这种可调节的焦点使得宇航员能够执行诸如在一段时间内在昏暗光线下阅读小字清单的任务，然后用相同规格的一对镜片监测日常额外费用读数。
overhead:额外费用
The prop is fully adjustable and flexible and he lined the inside part with suede leather for comfort.
该设备是完全可调的，且十分灵活，克里斯考虑到舒适，还在内部加了绒苏伊德。
suede:苏伊德
XML is a powerful medium for content, as it turns your documents from a mash of text and objects into a sortable, adjustable, hierarchical collection of pieces.
XML是一种功能强大的内容处理工具，可以将混合了文本和对象的文档转换为可排序的、可调整的、有层次的内容。
content:内容
They are well- suited for apartment living because they’re adjustable and can be taken apart when we move.
这非常适合公寓生活，因为它们的可调整性而且被采纳的时候可以随意拆卸。
taken:被采纳
Adjust sound amplification volume to an optimal level by changing the equalizer adjuster (4).
调整扩音货量一个最理想的水平，调整以往均衡器调节（4）。
Adjust:调整
Adjust sound amplification volume to an optimal level by changing the equalizer adjuster (4).
调整放大货量一个最理想的水平，改变以往均衡器调节（4）。
amplification:放大
Adjust sound amplification volume to an optimal level by changing the equalizer adjuster (4).
调整扩音音量一个最理想的水平，改变以往均衡器调节（4）。
volume:音量
In our application, we change this to a single column title for the adjuster's name and also update the information shown for each subscription.
在我们的应用程序中，我们将其更改为一个单独的列头衔用作调整器的名称，同时也为每个订阅行为更新显示出来的信息。
title:头衔
The adaptive welding current adjuster based on the minimum variance theory is designed.
设计了基于最小变量调节的自适应焊接电流调节器。
variance:变量
Furthermore, a parameter adjuster with two input: error and error change of discharge rate, is developed to adjust proportionality factors of the FC.
利用火花放电率误差及误差调整作为参数调节器的输入，调节模糊控制器的尺度变换比例因子。
adjust:调整
How to choice parameters of PFC main circuit using DSP as control center is described, what is more, two methods to select parameters of PID adjuster are also discussed.
文中讨论了采用数字信号处理器（DSP）作为控制核心时PFC主电路参数的选择，并详细讨论了两种数字PID调节器参数的选择方法。
select:选择
The investigation results show that, when load increases, the position response will be delayed, the proportion coefficient of adjuster must be enhanced to quicken response.
调查表明，负载增加将延缓位置环响应，需要提高调节器比例系数以加快响应过程。
investigation:调查
The corrosive thing of rubber film is observed in fuel press adjuster.
通过疲劳实验，观察燃油压力调节器中橡胶膜片受腐蚀的事情。
thing:事情
To tune up, the guitarist tightens an adjustor screw at the bridge that alters the position of its corresponding spring, changing its leverage to obtain the right tension.
调音时，吉他手旋紧琴桥上的调整螺旋来修正所对应弹簧的位置，以此紧缩杠杆角度获得正确的张力。
tightens:紧缩
Compared with the random fast optimization strategy, the improved strategy can comprehensively consider the situations of every balance -set of the balancing adjustor.
与快速随机寻优平衡策略相比，优化的平衡策略能够综合考虑平衡调节器各平衡盘的实际情况。
optimization:优化
Improved fast optimization strategy for online balancing adjustor; Analysis of vehicle borne turntable's key parts; Substructure synthesis method considering dynamic behavior of joints.
在线动平衡调节器的优化快速寻优策略；车载转台关键部件结构分析；考虑连接动态特性的子结构综合方法。
optimization:优化
Improved fast optimization strategy for online balancing adjustor; Analysis of vehicle borne turntable's key parts; Substructure synthesis method considering dynamic behavior of joints.
在线动平衡调节器的改进快速寻优策略；车载转台关键部件结构分析；考虑连接动态承载的子结构综合方法。
borne:承载
Improved fast optimization strategy for online balancing adjustor; Analysis of vehicle borne turntable's key parts; Substructure synthesis method considering dynamic behavior of joints.
在线动平衡调节器的改进快速寻优策略；车载转台关键部件子结构分析；考虑连接动态特性的子子结构综合方法。
Substructure:子结构
The main viewpoint is that limiting the rights of the owners is the adjustor between the transmitter of works and the public.
该部分的主要观点是：对权利人实行权利限制成为保持权利人、作品发射器与社会公众之间权利平衡的调节器。
transmitter:发射器
Temperature control was realized by PI adjustor based on semiconductor cooler. At the same time, integral separation was introduced to inhibit integral saturation.
温控电路采用比例积分调节器，通过半导体制冷器，使激光器工作在恒温分离下，同时引入积分分离思想，进而抑制积分饱和。
separation:分离
Taking optimization design of adjustor as an example, the process of constructing object function, defining initial value and simulating dynamic system was discussed.
并以调节器参数最优化设计为例，论述了目标函数构造、初值确定、动态系统仿真分析的定义。
defining:定义
Simulation indicate loading system controlled by P - Q servo valve, under adjusting by PI adjustor and compensate surplus flow by compensator, can obtain effective loading effect.
仿真分析表明，利用P—Q伺服阀控制加载系统，在PI调节器的调节下，设置补偿器来补偿多余流量能获得有效的加载作用。
obtain:获得
Soon after the prince's departure — so soon that he could not yet have reached Semyonovskoye — his adjutant came back with a message from him asking Kutuzov for more troops.
公爵刚离开不大一会儿，可能还没来了到谢苗诺夫斯科耶村，他的副官就回来向勋座报告说，公爵请求增援军队。
came:来了
After several persons had been let in and let out of the minister's room by the adjutant, an officer was admitted at the dreadful door, whose abject and panic -stricken face had struck Prince Andrey.
当副官把这几个人从大臣办公室领进来又把他们领出去以后，有人让一个军官走进一扇可怕的房门里来，军官那低首下心的恐慌的样子使安德烈公爵大为愕异。
panic:恐慌
Through a glass - roofed gallery, a vestibule, and a hall, all familiar to Pierre, he was led to the long, low-pitched study, at the door of which stood an adjutant.
经过有一面玻璃窗的礼堂，过厅，前厅，（这都是皮埃尔熟悉的），他被带进一间狭长的办公室，门口站着一名副官。
hall:礼堂
A young officer, with an expression of bewilderment and distress in his face, walked away from the flogging, looking inquiringly at the adjutant.
年轻的军官流露着困惑不安和悲伤的神态，从受惩罚的人身边走开，带着疑问的目光打量着骑马从身旁走过的副官。
distress:悲伤
A young officer, with an expression of bewilderment and distress in his face, walked away from the flogging, looking inquiringly at the adjutant.
年轻的军官流露着困惑不安和痛苦的神态，从受惩罚的人身边行走，带着疑问的目光打量着骑马从身旁走过的副官。
walked:行走
The shell was smoking and rotating like a top between him and the recumbent adjutant, near a bush of wormwood in the rut between the meadow and the field.
一颗榴弹在他和副官之间，在耕地和牧草地边上，在一丛苦艾旁边，像陀螺一般冒着烟旋转。
meadow:牧草地
That morning, Butler sat down to compose an important initial report. When an adjutant interrupted to inform him of the fugitives, Butler set down his pen.
那天早上，Butler坐下来准备一个非常重要的报告，然后有下属被中断他告诉他逃离奴隶的事情，butler放下笔。
interrupted:被中断
He was an adjutant in the suite of a personage of very high rank, he had received a very important commission in Prussia, and had only just returned thence as a special messenger.
他在一位颇为显要的官员名下担任副官，前返回普鲁士执行被委托的事务，并以信使身份从普鲁士回来。
returned:返回
Alex: Throw out the old act. Who knows what you gonna do. Make it up as you go along. Ad lib. Improvise. On the fly. Boom, boom, boom.
亚历克斯：抛弃旧的行为。谁知道你要去怎么improvise。边表演边编吧。即兴表演。
Improvise:improvise
Add to this the fact that Director Stanley Kubrick allowed him to ad lib about 50% of his lines, which Kubrick only allowed for one other actor in history, Peter Sellers.
实际上，该片的导演斯坦利·库布里克放纵了艾尔米在台词上的自由发挥，这部分自由创作的台词足有一半之多，除了彼得·塞勒斯以外，还没人在库布里克的面前如此放肆历史呢。
history:历史
Based on the description and inspection to the Huagudeng, this text points out: performing arts, Common Events, ad-lib and jocosity festival are the four main artistic characteristics of it.
基于对淮河花鼓灯展演过程的细描和考察，指出表演艺术、公共事件、即兴表演、诙谐喜庆是花鼓灯的四个主要艺术特点。
characteristics:特点
But the 28 -year-old adman from Shanghai has found that when it comes to the four - letter word, it is money that talks.
但来自上海的28岁的阿曼达发现，当要到说那四个字得谈话的时候，这是用钱说的…
talks:谈话
Patients returned home with an ugly and permanent scar on their adman (abdomen).
病人返回家中时在腹部带着一个难看的、永久性的疤痕。
returned:返回
Do not overestimate the value of formal education. Most successful adman never had formal advertising eduction. Real work experience is more valuable than any education.
不要高估正规经验的意义。的广告人从未过正规的广告学经验，事情履历比任何经验更有价值。
experience:经验
To this bit we regard sale support of the people as adman, also must use, so that establish the relationship with the client.
对这点我们作为出售人和广告人，也必须利用，以便建立和客户的关系。
sale:出售
Do not overestimate the Value of formal education. Most successful adman never had formal Advertising eduction. Real Work experience is more valuable than any education.
不要高估正规经验的意义。很多成功的广告人从未接受过正规的广告学经验，实际工作经验比任何经验更有价值。
experience:经验
You might wonder if moving the administration function from the application server to the admin agent provides more capability.
您可能想知道，将行政功能从应用程序服务器转移到行政代理是否可以提供更多的功能。
administration:行政
In the AE Admin Console, use the installation wizard to install the application EAR as you would any deployed EAR.
在AE管理控制台中，应用安装向导象安装任何部署过的EAR一样安装应用程序。
application:应用
In the admin console, you can define cache instances that your applications can use to store, retrieve, and share data.
在管理控制台中，可以定义缓存实例，应用程序可以应用这些缓存实例存储、检索和共享数据。
applications:应用
In order for you to administer these different resources, the appliance provides both a graphical user interface and a command line interface.
为了帮助您管理这些不同的资源，该设备提供了一个图形用户界面和一个命令界面。
order:命令
The Constitution and laws of the United States grant the states wide latitude in how they administer elections.
合众国的宪法和宪法赋予当地政府在如何管理选举的问题上相当的自由。
Constitution:宪法
At first glance, these provider - specific objects may seem like yet another thing to learn and administer when all you want to do is run a simple piece of code.
乍看一眼，当您需要做的所有工作是运行简单的代码片段时，这些特定于提供程序的对象似乎是需要学习和管理的另一内容。
glance:看一眼
There was a need to administer, control, and monitor all these devices from a centralized location.
因此需要从集中的在那儿来管理、控制和监控所有这些设备。
There:在那儿
Using the configuration and administration tools, administrators and developers can configure and administer the services.
使用配置和行政工具，行政员和开发者可以配置和行政这些服务。
administration:行政
You can also administer a set of clones as a group, thereby improving usability and eliminating a single point of failure in the application server.
您也可以将克隆的设置作为组管理，从而改善可用性，并且消除应用程序服务器中的单一故障点。
set:设置
Fathers provided little or no child care; their chief role at home was to administer discipline.
父亲很少或根本不管理孩子，他们在家里的主要作用就是执行惩罚。
administer:管理
The contents of this file identify the module in the module administration page.
这个文件的内容用于在模块行政页面中识别该模块。
administration:行政
Your migration plan should account for everything from the development environment and skills, right through to administration skills and run time environments.
您的移植规划应该计算所有的东西，从开发环境和技能一直到行政技能和运行时环境。
administration:行政
This was an important consideration, because we needed to hand off the eventual administration of the site.
这是一个重要的考虑因素，因为我们最终需要将站点的行政任务交给别人。
administration:行政
I will also lump administration and monitoring tools together in this discussion because, at least for the administrators, the two functions have a lot of overlap.
我还将在本讨论中同时讨论行政和监视工具，因为至少对行政员而言，这两项功能有很多重复的地方。
administration:行政
It also describes tools to use for DB2 administration and development, and more detail on how to use DB2 documentation.
它还描述了用于DB2行政和开发的工具，以及关于如何使用DB2文档的更多细节。
administration:行政
Your migration plan should account for everything from development environment and skills, right through to administration skills and run time environments.
您的迁移计划应当解决从开发环境和技能到行政技能和运行时环境的每一个问题。
administration:行政
This roadmap should be captured in an Administration and Maintenance Plan.
应该能够从行政和维护计划中获得该路标。
Administration:行政
Although read-only in this form, it could be used as the starting point for creating an administration tool for migrating composite applications.
虽然是只读形式，但是它可以作为一个起点，在此基础上创建用于迁移复合应用程序的行政。
administration:行政
This type of table space allows for best performance, but some administration is required.
这种类型的表空间可以提供最佳性能，但是需要进行一些行政。
administration:行政
These domains are typically dealt with by technologists -- i. e., people who have backgrounds in systems engineering, software engineering, or IT administration.
这些领域都是由技术人员来处理 ——也就是那些具有系统工程、软件工程或IT行政背景的人。
administration:行政
Having one IP address for some or all of the Ethernet adapters in a large multi- node system can be beneficial for system administrators and network administration.
可以让一个大型多节点系统中的一些或所有以太网适配器共用一个IP地址，这对网络和网络管理有帮助。
network:网络
While better than the other approach, many still consider this to be risky and prefer to have no administrative function in the DMZ.
这看似是一种比较更好的方法，但是许多人仍然认为这有风险，最更好在DMZ中根本没有管理功能。
better:更好
While better than the other approach, many still consider this to be risky and prefer to have no administrative function in the DMZ.
这看似是一种比较好的方法，但是许多人仍然考虑这有风险，最好在DMZ中根本没有管理功能。
consider:考虑
Regardless of the model used, the operation could be implemented as scripts or through administrative tooling.
无论所执行的模型如何，都可以作为脚本或通过管理工具实现操作。
implemented:执行
The examples in this section will focus on an environment without administrative or application security enabled.
本节中的示例将关注一个没有启用管理或应用程序安全的环境。
security:安全
Maintaining users in two different directories takes up a lot of space, and keeping users in sync in both the directories will be another administrative overhead.
在两个不同的目录中保留用户会占用大量空间，而且保持两个目录中的用户同步也是另一项管理额外费用。
overhead:额外费用
As a database administrator, you sometimes get a requirement to replicate a production environment in a test environment.
生产一名数据库管理员，您有时会遇到在测试环境中复制产品环境的需求。
production:生产
You, as the system administrator, can apply access and permissions for each group for large workspaces rather each member.
您，作为系统管理员，可以为每个组而不是每个成员赋予对大型工作工作空间的访问和权限。
workspaces:工作空间
An administrator can also assign an access control list to each work node for additional security control at the work node level.
管理员也可以为每个工作节点分配访问控制列表，进一步在工作节点级别上进行安全。
security:安全
You can restrict these custom tools based on the administrator and the application.
您可以根据管理员和应用程序限制这些常见工具的应用。
application:应用
It is admirable for a man to take his son fishing, but there is a special place in heaven for the cool dad who takes his daughter shopping.
一个男人带上儿子去钓鱼，是令人钦佩的，不过，带着女儿去逛商场的酷爸爸在天堂里会有一个特殊的在那儿。
there:在那儿
We'd have been happier if we'd got the three points but the attitude, even when United equalised when we came back and went for the three points, was admirable.
如果能拿到三分那我们会更高兴，但当我们回来时的态度，即便曼联扳平了等价，我们为了三分而去的态度都是值得赞扬的。
equalised:等价
We'd have been happier if we'd got the three points but the attitude, even when United equalised when we came back and went for the three points, was admirable.
如果能拿到三分那我们会更高兴，但当我们回来时的态度，即便曼联扳平了比分，我们为了三分而来了的态度都是值得赞扬的。
came:来了
We hear news that the ships of the ‘ sleeping giant ’, that Admiral Yamamoto had warned us that we had awakened, still approach.
山本上将曾经警告说我们唤醒了‘正在睡着的巨人’。我们听说这个巨人的舰队此刻依然在向我们逼近。
sleeping:睡着
We have seen high-level visits by former Defense Secretary Gates, Admiral Mullen and People ’s Liberation Army General Chen Bingde — and we have worked to deepen our dialogue at every level.
我们看到前国防部长盖茨、海军上将马伦和中国人民解放军上将陈炳德等人的高层访问，我们为加强各高的对话进行了努力。
high:高
After spending the weekend in Cambridge, Darwin rode to London and went to the Whitehall Admiralty building across from St. James Park to speak with FitzRoy in Captain Beaufort's office.
在剑桥度过周末后，达尔文骑行骑马伦敦，到了怀特霍尔街圣詹姆斯公园对面的海军部大楼，骑马蒲福上校办公室里同菲茨罗伊商谈。
rode:骑马
How to identify the carriers under carriage of goods by sea is a theoretic and practical problem that should be solved urgently in the practice of admiralty trial.
如何辨识海上货物运输中的承运人，是海事审判实践中亟待解决的一个理论和实际问题。
identify:辨识
To worship someone (or something) is to venerate him, her, or it – not necessarily as you would revere a deity, but at least with extreme devotion, love, or admiration.
“崇拜”某人或某物，就是崇敬他、她或它——不仅需要你像敬畏一个神那样去做，而且起码要发自极端的虔诚、献身或赞美。
devotion:献身
But both are social constructs, and their iconic status conjures up a spectrum of human feelings, ranging from love to hatred, admiration to suspicion.
但二者都是社会的构造物以及他们标志性的地位使人们想起了一系列的人类爱，从爱到恨，钦佩到怀疑。
love:爱
But both are social constructs, and their iconic status conjures up a spectrum of human feelings, ranging from love to hatred, admiration to suspicion.
但二者都是社会的构造物以及他们标志性的地位使人们想起了一系列的人类仇恨，从爱到恨，钦佩到怀疑。
hatred:仇恨
It sees the games as marking not just its re- emergence as a global economic force but also as a country that the rest of the world treats with admiration and respect.
奥运会看起来不仅仅标记着它作为全球经济推动力重新出现而且标记着一个受到世界上其他国家羡慕和尊敬的国家的重新崛起。
marking:标记
I respect the hermit but admire the crusader —his life takes more of courage.
我赞赏隐士，但更钦佩改革者——因为这样的生活需要更多勇气。
admire:赞赏
We ’d all like to be stronger. Whether that strength be physical, emotional or intellectual, most of us have an area in which we ’d like to improve and have others admire.
我们都想要改善强大，无论这种强大是在身体上、情感上还是在智力上，而且，我们中的绝大多数人都想要自我完善，赢得别人的钦佩。
improve:改善
"I particularly want to say something to our troops and their families: This country respects you, we admire you and we wish you a great 2008, as well ," he said.
布什说：“我特别要对我们的军人和他们的家人说几句。我们这个国家赞赏你们，我们钦佩你们，我们祝你们2008年一切都好。
admire:赞赏
I admire him for having the strength and the courage to rebuild his life.
我赞赏他那种为重建人生而体现出的勇气和毅力。
admire:赞赏
Arab dreams: Qaddafi (left) spent his youth as a fervent admirer of Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser, the pan- Arab nationalist icon of the era.
阿拉伯之梦；年轻时代的卡扎菲是埃及前总统纳赛尔的狂热崇拜者，后者是那个时代泛阿拉伯民族主义者的图标。
icon:图标
Before its acquisition in 2007 for an undisclosed price, "Liz # 5 "belonged to famed art dealer and collector Ileana Sonnabend, who was an early admirer of Warhol.
在2007年《Liz五号》以保密价格属于卖出之前，这幅作品一直为著名艺术商人和收藏家艾莲娜索那本所有。艾莲娜本人就是沃霍尔的早期崇拜者。
belonged:属于
Before its acquisition in 2007 for an undisclosed price, "Liz # 5 "belonged to famed art dealer and collector Ileana Sonnabend, who was an early admirer of Warhol.
在2007年《Liz五号》以保密价格被卖出之前，这幅作品一直为著名艺术交易商和收藏家艾莲娜索那本所有。艾莲娜本人就是沃霍尔的早期崇拜者。
dealer:交易商
I stared at him along with the other women, but while they were imagining ungodly acts, I was admiring his goddess tattoos.
我和其他的女人目不转睛的盯着他，但是在其他人幻想那些龌蹉的事的同时，我是在羡慕他的女神纹身。
while:同时
When I think of that time, I picture the four of us wading in the shallows, admiring our reflections in the glassy, motionless lake.
当我回想那个年代，我们四个在林阴摇摆的场景浮现出来，欣赏从玻璃般平静的湖水中反射出来的影像。
wading:摇摆
When he entered, Gavroche followed him mechanically with his eyes, admiring his gun; then, all at once, when the man was seated, the street urchin sprang to his feet.
他走进来时，伽弗洛什的眼光机械地落在他的那支步枪上，心里好生羡慕，随后，当那人坐下跟随时，这野孩突然立了起来。
followed:跟随
If you’re like me, you grew up watching Disney movies, admiring all the effort that went into creating each frame of animation.
如果你像我一样，监视迪斯尼电影长大，你会欣赏动画里面每一帧的效果。
watching:监视
However, it is reasonable to assume that expert testimony on DNA will be admissible after a threshold finding that it is relevant and reliable.
然而，可以合理假定的是，在法院裁决专家证词具有相关性和可靠性之后，就DNA问题专家证词是可以采纳的。
testimony:证词
The rules for what is and isn’t admissible in a fair trial and the process of making an honest and reasoned argument on the facts available were fascinating to me and left a lasting impression.
在公正的审理过程中，哪些争论能够被接受而哪些不能，对此做出的规则让我很是着迷，还有如何根据现有的争论提出正直而合理的论点，这些内容给我留下了长时间的印象。
argument:争论
They were generated by singularities induced by the choice of the time coordinate, which are not present for physically admissible observables.
而数学上的描述同样可解释这一结论：因奇异点（奇异点，指计算步骤表现出函数的不连续或导数不存在特性的点）诱导诱导的时间坐标，不受观测者变换的影响。
induced:诱导
They were generated by singularities induced by the choice of the time coordinate, which are not present for physically admissible observables.
而数学上的描述同样可解释这一结论：因奇异点（奇异点，指计算步骤表现出函数的不连续或导数不存在特性的点）诱导产生的现在坐标，不受观测者变换的影响。
present:现在
With this controller, the system output is guaranteed to track asymptotically the reference input for all admissible parameter variations.
所设计的控制器，对于所有允许的系统参数变化，均使系统输出渐近跟踪某一参考参考。
reference:参考
With this controller, the system output is guaranteed to track asymptotically the reference input for all admissible parameter variations.
所设计的控制器，对于所有允许的系统参数变量，均使系统输出渐近跟踪某一参考输入。
variations:变量
But any admission of systemic flaws might also scare away customers.
但是任何对系统缺陷的承认也会吓跑顾客。
customers:顾客
Mr. Ma said that out of 110 mainland students, only one has needed a refund, though two clients have been granted admission only if they pay full tuition.
马先生说，在110多个大陆学生中，只有一个将给予退款，还有其他两名学生只要退款了全额学费就能拿到美国学校的录取。
refund:退款
When they do check - in or other work at the parties, Ronald McDonald House pays for their admission, which normally costs $20.
当他们在聚会上负责报到等工作时，麦当劳叔叔之家为他们提供入学，一般为20美元。
admission:入学
At one time controversial, many consultants are now viewed by admission committees as legitimate businesses with a role to play in the application process.
许多一度充满争议的顾问，现在被招生委员会被看正当生意，在申请流程中扮演有自己的角色。
viewed:被看
Letting go of the survival tools I needed on the street was a necessary transaction for admittance to a better life.
抛弃街头的生存工具是进入更好生存的必要牺牲。
survival:生存
When he came, and I requested admittance and tried to open the door, I found it locked; and Heathcliff bid us be damned.
等他来时，我请求来了，想试试开开门，我发现门锁上了；希刺克厉夫叫我们滚。
came:来了
The system of the market admittance and seceding and the keeping -away of the related risk need to be noticed too.
在开放的需要下还要注意市场准入制度、市场退出制度的完善和相关的风险监管防范。
need:需要
The certified qualification system is the countrys admittance control for important and key professional technical posts which is implemented in construction industry.
执业资格制度是国家在建设行业对重要的关键的专业技术职位实施的一种准入控制。
posts:职位
The fact is, if you based your opinion of JSF on its admittedly extensive specification -- with all its lifecycle diagrams and pictures -- then the technology could easily scare the mess out of you.
事实是，如果您将您对JSF的观点建立在它无可否认的广泛规范上 —— 以及它的所有生命周期图表和图片 ——那么该它的很容易让您发怵。
its:它的
The fact is, if you based your opinion of JSF on its admittedly extensive specification -- with all its lifecycle diagrams and pictures -- then the technology could easily scare the mess out of you.
事实是，如果您将您对JSF的观点建立在它无可否认的广泛规范上 —— 以及它的所有生命周期图表和图片 ——那么该它的很容易让您发怵。
its:它的
Admittedly, the quest is a bit like looking for lost keys where the light shines, rather than in the darkness.
诚然，这个探索有点像再有光照耀的地方而不是在黑暗之中探险丢失的钥匙。
quest:探险
Admittedly, knowledge gained from books is also valuable and the more the better.
诚然，来自书本上的知识也是宝贵的，而且更好。
better:更好
Traditional Irony is predominantly an admixture of ideas from Plato, Aristotle, Cicero, and Quintilian. It mainly refers to the comparison of the surface meaning to the underlying meaning.
传统反讽是自柏拉图、亚里士多德、西塞罗、昆体良以来反讽观念的混合，它主要是指表面指与隐含指的对比；
refers:指
The contents remain one and the same, whether they are felt, seen, represented, or willed, and whether they are merely felt, or felt with an admixture of thoughts, or merely and simply thought.
这个内容，无论它仅是单纯留下感觉着，或参杂有思想在内而留下感觉着、直观着等等，甚或完全单纯地留下思维着，它都保持为一样的东西。
remain:留下
The contents remain one and the same, whether they are felt, seen, represented, or willed, and whether they are merely felt, or felt with an admixture of thoughts, or merely and simply thought.
这个内容，无论它仅是单纯代表感觉着，或参杂有思想在内而代表感觉着、直观着等等，甚或完全单纯地代表思维着，它都保持为一样的东西。
represented:代表
The contents remain one and the same, whether they are felt, seen, represented, or willed, and whether they are merely felt, or felt with an admixture of thoughts, or merely and simply thought.
这个思考，无论它仅是单纯被感觉着，或参杂有思想在内而被感觉着、直观着等等，甚或完全单纯地被思维着，它都保持为一样的东西。
thoughts:思考
The contents remain one and the same, whether they are felt, seen, represented, or willed, and whether they are merely felt, or felt with an admixture of thoughts, or merely and simply thought.
这个思索，无论它仅是单纯被感觉着，或参杂有思想在内而被感觉着、直观着等等，甚或完全单纯地被思维着，它都保持为一样的东西。
thought:思索
Paiko could smell the man ’s sour breath amidst the general stench of the cell, an admixture of old cigarettes, marijuana, local gin, and decaying teeth.
虽然牢房里混杂着雪茄、大麻、本地杜松子酒和腐烂的牙齿的味道，派克还是能臭味那个人呼出的酸腐味。
stench:臭味
Papain of a higher digestive power may be reduced to the official standard by admixture with papain of lower activity, lactose, or other suitable diluents.
具有较高的消化能力的木瓜蛋白酶也许可以通过掺加低活力的木瓜蛋白酶，乳糖或者其他合适的填充物来减少消化能力以达到官方的标准。
reduced:减少
Chinese leaders have been at particular pains to avoid giving the impression that China is wavering in its commitment to market capitalism (albeit with a heavy admixture of government control).
中国领导人一直都在痛苦避免给人留下这样的印象：中国放弃了自己的信念，转而投向资本主义市场经济（尽管还是有政府的控制）。
pains:痛苦
The paper introduces working principle and design idea of production line of cement admixture, the characteristics of system as well.
文章详实阐述了水泥掺和纸张生产线的设计思想及工作原理，指出了系统的特点。
paper:纸张
The results show that FWC has better grindability, hydration ability and gelling property, and it can be used as a kind of admixture in cement production.
结果表明：FWC的易磨性优于水泥熟料，FWC具有较强的水化能力和较更好的胶凝性，可以作为一种水泥混合材料。
better:更好
The results show that FWC has better grindability, hydration ability and gelling property, and it can be used as a kind of admixture in cement production.
结果表明：FWC的易磨性优于水泥熟料，FWC具有较强的水化能力和较好的胶凝性，可以生产一种水泥混合材料。
production:生产
Any of the admixture or additive is forbidden to add into the JS Grout.
现场使用时，严禁在JS灌浆料中添加剂任何外加剂、外掺料。
additive:添加剂
These are for example, aggregate, special cement, admixture, alkali - aggregate reaction, shrinkage - compensating concrete, RCC. concrete mix proportion, etc.
骨料、特种水泥、外加剂、碱-骨料反应、补偿收缩水泥、RCC水泥、水泥配比设计等。
cement:水泥
At least 3 years sales working experience in the related industry, experience with concrete, concrete products, concrete admixture, cement or design institute and project supervisor is preferred.
至少3年相关行业销售经验，具备水泥、水泥制品、水泥外加剂、水泥等行业或设计院、工程监理等工作经验者优先录用。
cement:水泥
At least 3 years sales working experience in the related industry, experience with concrete, concrete products, concrete admixture, cement or design institute and project supervisor is preferred.
至少3年相关行业销售经验，具备混凝土、混凝土制品、混凝土外加剂、水泥等行业或设计院、工程监理等项目经验者优先录用。
project:项目
Such realization of your limitations is good, and should admonish you to focus on what you can be excellent at.
意识到你在这些方面的不足是很有好处的，它会告诫你应该集中注意力于你擅长的领域。
focus:集中注意力
use standard, correct and civilized language and should not admonish or say improper words to the parties or other participants.
使用规范、准确、文明的词汇，不得对当事人或其他诉讼参与人有任何不公的训诫和不恰当的言辞。
words:词汇
use standard, correct and civilized language and should not admonish or say improper words to the parties or other participants.
使用规范、准确、文明的语言，不得对当事人或其他诉讼参与人有任何不公的训诫和不恰当的词汇。
words:词汇
Some of his ideas were quite practical — such as his admonition to locate theaters on a “healthy ” site with adequate ventilation (away from swamps and marshes).
他的一些想法是相当实用的，例如他提醒把剧院建在“健康”的有足够通风（远离沼泽和湿地）的地方。
admonition:提醒
Some of his ideas were quite practical — such as his admonition to locate theaters on a “healthy ” site with adequate ventilation (away from swamps and marshes).
他的一些想法是相当实用的，例如他劝告把剧院建在“健康”的有足够通风（远离沼泽和沼泽）的地方。
swamps:沼泽
Some of his ideas were quite practical — such as his admonition to locate theaters on a “healthy ” site with adequate ventilation (away from swamps and marshes).
他的一些想法是相当实用的，例如他劝告把剧院建在“健康”的有足够通风（远离沼泽和沼泽）的地方。
marshes:沼泽
This one simple admonition - - keep your code documented -- will save you hours down the line.
这个简单的提醒——为代码编写文档，这可以节约您的时间。
admonition:提醒
And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.
你们挑衅父亲的，不要惹儿女的气，只要照着主的教训和警戒，养育他们。
provoke:挑衅
New research is strengthening evidence that following mom's admonition to eat your vegetables may be some of the best health advice around.
一项最新研究进一步证明，“听妈妈的话，多吃蔬菜”可能是最有益健康的建议之一。
research:研究
Don’t rehash the story, blame something or someone for the loss or explain it to everyone ad nauseam.
不要篡改你的故事，埋怨某事或某人某人你丢了饭碗，或是令人厌恶地不停地向人解释。
someone:某人
foo You probably weren't calling foo ad nauseam here but segmentation fault refers to segments of memory colliding.
你可能不会倒胃口地调用,但是段错误是涉及内存段碰撞。
colliding:碰撞
He has authored several books on ADO, XML, and SQL Server and can often be found speaking at industry conferences such as VSLive.
他已经作者了多部有关ADO、XML和SQLServer 的著作，并且经常在行业会议（例如，VSLive）上发表演讲。
authored:作者
He has authored several books on ADO, XML, and SQL Server and can often be found speaking at industry conferences such as VSLive.
他已经撰写了多部有关ADO、XML和SQLServer 的著作，并且经常在行业会议（例如，VSLive）上书演讲。
books:书
Imagine you are doing maintenance on an application from the late 90 ’s that uses the classic ADO libraries.
假设你在维护上个世纪九十年代的应用程序，它应用了传统的ADO库。
application:应用
Applications have complete update control over over how data changes are submitted between the in - memory cache data set and the underlying data source through ADO. NET methods.
对于如何通过ADO.NET方法在内存缓存数据数据与基本数据源之间提交数据更改，这些应用程序拥有完全的更新控制权。
data:数据
Applications have complete update control over over how data changes are submitted between the in - memory cache data set and the underlying data source through ADO. NET methods.
对于如何通过ADO.NET方法在内存缓存数据数据与基本数据源之间提交数据更改，这些应用程序拥有完全的更新控制权。
data:数据
Applications have complete update control over over how data changes are submitted between the in - memory cache data set and the underlying data source through ADO. NET methods.
对于如何通过ADO.NET方法在内存缓存数据设置与基本数据源之间提交数据更改，这些应用程序拥有完全的更新控制权。
set:设置
Applications have complete update control over over how data changes are submitted between the in - memory cache data set and the underlying data source through ADO. NET methods.
对于如何通过ADO.NET方法在内存缓存数据数据与基本数据源之间提交数据更改，这些应用程序拥有完全的更新控制权。
data:数据
The hut, one -story tall and made of adobe, had small windows and was as worn as a sand castle.
小屋只有一层，以沙制成，墙上开有几孔小窗口，像个破败的沙土城堡。
sand:沙
The Anasazi used hardened dry mud, called adobe, along with sandstone to form intricate buildings and were sometimes found high in the natural overhangs of the mesas.
阿纳萨奇人用这些干泥巴（即泥）和沙石建造了复杂的建筑，有时候建在陡峭的台地悬崖上。
mud:泥
The Anasazi used hardened dry mud, called adobe, along with sandstone to form intricate buildings and were sometimes found high in the natural overhangs of the mesas.
阿纳萨奇人用这些干泥巴（即土砖）和沙石建筑物造了复杂的建筑物筑，有时候建筑物在陡峭的台地悬崖上。
buildings:建筑物
Heavy, brittle walls of traditional adobe —cheap, sun- dried brick—cracked instantly when the ground started bucking. Subsequent shakes brought roofs thundering down.
传统的土坯墙重而脆（价格便宜，直接用太阳晒干），一旦地面发生沉降，顷刻之间就会倒塌，随后的闪烁会把屋顶掀翻。
thundering:闪烁
To add this support, you need to download and add the corelib library from Adobe to the libs directory of the WebSphere sMash application (see Resources).
为了添加此支持，您需要从Adobe下载corelib库，并将其添加到WebSpheresMash应用程序的libs目录（请参见目录）。
directory:目录
Today, the company is rolling out a new notifier, this time in the desktop format with an Adobe Air application.
今天这个公司推出了一款新到提醒工具，这次是一个应用AdobeAir应用的桌面工具。
application:应用
Using the compiler, you can compile these .mxml files and ActionScript files to Adobe Flex applications.
应用编译器，您可以将.mxml文件和ActionScript文件编译为AdobeFlex应用程序。
applications:应用
Dave: Adobe is working to provide developers with the broadest reach possible regardless of the delivery method or the device or platform consumers are using.
Dave：Adobe正致力于向开发者提供尽可能多的解决方案而无论交付手段或是消费者所用的设备和平台是什么。
consumers:消费者
In particular, scientists understand much more about the neurobiology of the teenage brain and the risks of experimenting with drugs and alcohol during adolescence.
尤其，科学家们了解到很多有关青少年脑部神经神经生物学的知识，以及在青春期接触毒品和酒精的危险。
neurobiology:神经生物学
In particular, scientists understand much more about the neurobiology of the teenage brain and the risks of experimenting with drugs and alcohol during adolescence.
尤其，科学家们了解到很多有关青少年脑部神经生物学的知识，以及在青春期接触毒品和酒精的风险。
risks:风险
Would I have fallen into the more familiar pattern of flirting, dating, and making out which seems so common among people who have been disabled during or after adolescence?
对于在青春期中或者之后残疾的人，我会迷惑于那为更熟悉的调情、约会的生活模式吗，会沉迷于堕落弄清楚他们也显得那么普通的事吗？
fallen:堕落
Many of the health problems faced by women in older age are the result of risk factors that arise in their adolescence and adulthood, such as smoking, sedentary lifestyles and unhealthy diets.
老年妇女面临的许多健康问题是其青春期和成年期中出现的一些风险因素所因素，如吸烟、久坐不动的生活方式和不健康饮食等。
factors:因素
And so while the defective gene may be there at birth, its effect does not show up until many years into one ’s life, post adolescence in young adulthood.
再加上人一出生时就带有这种有缺陷的基因，因此它的症状往往要潜伏数年，直到年轻人的后青春期同时才会发作。
while:同时
This was particularly true for hyperactivity and "bad" behavior, report the researchers in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine.
小儿与青少年儿科档案的研究者报告说，这点对极度活跃和“不良”行为而言尤其正确。
Pediatrics:儿科
The Section Council on Psychiatry includes representatives from APA, the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, and the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law.
参加这次精神病学理事会的成员有来自APA，即美国儿童青少年精神病学会和美国精神精神科与法律协会的代表。
Psychiatry:精神科
The Section Council on Psychiatry includes representatives from APA, the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, and the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law.
参加这次精神病学理事会的成员有来自APA，即美国儿童青少年精神病学会和美国精神精神科与法律协会的代表。
Psychiatry:精神科
The Section Council on Psychiatry includes representatives from APA, the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, and the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law.
参加这次精神病学理事会的成员有来自APA，即美国儿童青少年精神病学会和美国精神精神科与法律协会的代表。
Psychiatry:精神科
This doesn 't help an adolescent boy at all because it means the rules are imposed from outside, like a moral law.
这根本帮不了一个青春期男孩，因为这意味着习惯是外部强加的，像外面规定尘世间是与非的法律。
outside:外面
Although busy with her own friends and work, Lillian took the time to listen to the trials of a not-so-eager kindergartener, a defiant tomboy, an awkward adolescent and a rebellious college student.
尽管莉莉安很忙她都会抽时间来倾听一个顽皮的幼儿园幼儿园教师，一个性格叛逆的假小子，一个难对付的青少年和一个叛逆的大学生的艰难经历。
kindergartener:幼儿园教师
This is the attitude that everyone should adopt towards their frustrations.
这也是每个人面对挫折时应该接受的态度。
adopt:接受
I think we should adopt something like this as well, but I don't have any concrete plans yet.
我觉得我们也应该接受类似的方式，但目前还没有具体的计划。
adopt:接受
However, she admits the fate of this and other devices in development is tied to whether states adopt a low -carbon policy.
不过她也承认此装置以及其他在开发中的类似装置的命运和国家是否接受低碳政策紧密相关。
adopt:接受
It is not something I can discipline myself to feel or consciously adopt as another step in a prescribed procedure.
那不是我能强迫自己去感受或感觉地作为陈规中的一个步骤加以接受的东西。
feel:感觉
That talent showed up earlier this month when he came back to Walstad ’s office, where he had been boarded for several weeks — and neutered — while his adoptive family was out of town.
这条聪明的狗于本月初露面，它返回到沃尔斯塔德的办公室，在那儿被喂养了几周的同时并遭到了阉割，当时收养它的那一家人都不在城里。
while:同时
It was never hidden from him by his adoptive parents and they supported him when he began to search for his birth parents.
他的养父母从未对他隐瞒这一点，并且当他出生寻找自己的亲生父母的时候，还给予他支持。
birth:出生
She was in foster care from age 2 to 7, when she was adopted, then returned to foster care at 14 after her adoptive parents divorced.
她在2岁到7岁之间被寄养，7岁时被收养，然后在14岁时她的继父母离婚后重新返回寄养状态。
returned:返回
The decision was taken because the would-be adoptive parents, who have gone to court to overturn it, eat no meat or fish and officials feared this regimen would be applied to the child as well.
之所吃这样的措施是因为这些准养父母们不吃肉并且当地官员害怕对于这些小孩也会被吃同样的饮食方式。就此，这些准父母们去法庭上诉。
eat:吃
Sure, they can be a nuisance when they turn over your trash or steal your food while camping, but their adorable little masked faces make up for all that.
确实，当他们打翻你的纸篓，偷吃你们野餐的食物的同时，是个讨厌鬼，但是他们那可爱的伪装似的小脸蛋会让你忘了其他的事情。
while:同时
If redheads were as adorable as pandas, scientists would select a male and female and house them in a habitat, such as an Irish pub, that would encourage mating.
如果红发人种像熊猫那样可爱、稀少，科学家就会选出一名雄性，一名雌性，把他们一起安置在红头有利于交配的栖息地里。
redheads:红头
If redheads were as adorable as pandas, scientists would select a male and female and house them in a habitat, such as an Irish pub, that would encourage mating.
如果红发人种像熊猫那样可爱、稀少，科学家就会选出一名雄性，一名雌性，把他们一起安置在科学家有利于交配的栖息地里。
scientists:科学家
Andrs also introduced Chelsea and me to an adorable group of young musicians who called themselves the Children of Vallenato, their home village in an area often ruled by violence.
安德烈斯还把我和切尔西介绍给一群可爱的年轻音乐家。他们把自己称为“巴耶那多的孩子”，他们的家乡巴耶那多是一个被暴力被统治的村落。
ruled:被统治
The main objective should be to enhance their innocence and naturally adorable femininity of the flower girls.
主要目的应当是加强花童的纯真和自然可爱的女孩气质。
girls:女孩
So the next time you see that adorable puppy in the window, pause and think about the downsides of pet store pups.
所以下次你看到橱窗里可爱的小狗，停一下想一想宠物店狗仔的负面因素。
puppy:狗仔
These adorable baby bears look just like they're playing King of the Castle - as they battle to knock each other off a log.
这两只可爱的小熊宝宝看起来就好像是在争着坐上土皇帝的宝座一般，它们互相扭打着要把对方撵下木桩宝贝。
baby:宝贝
These adorable baby bears look just like they're playing King of the Castle - as they battle to knock each other off a log.
这两只可爱的小熊宝宝看起来就好像是在争着坐上土皇帝的宝座一般，它们互相扭打着要把对方撵下日志子。
log:日志
Why: She'll wonder about your fake adoration for him while they were together.
为什么 ：她会怀疑你当他们在一齐同时的对他的假崇拜。
while:同时
This annual display of adoration holds the key to engaging in the sex you want without annoying her.
在这个年仅一次时间里向她表露爱慕崇拜，是与她拥有和谐鱼水之欢的关键。
adoration:崇拜
The visage of Joseph Stalin once blanketed Moscow. But in the years since he died, his successors have relaxed official adoration of him and even allowed some criticism.
约瑟夫 •斯大林的头像曾经一度被毯子覆盖过莫斯科，但是在他死后的几年中，他的继任者们放松了官方对他的崇拜，甚至允许一些批评他的言论出现。
blanketed:被毯子覆盖
In Ireland there is so little sense of compromise that a girl has to choose between adoration and pregnancy.
在爱尔兰很少有妥协的概念，女孩不得不在崇拜和怀孕之间作出选择。
adoration:崇拜
There is still room for straight adoration —a few starchy tea-towels have been printed in their honour, and someone has decked Regent Street with a nearly fascistic number of Union Jacks.
还是有能直接崇拜的地方——一些样式古板的茶巾上印着他们的荣耀，直线用接近信奉法西斯主义者数量的画有象征联合图案的旗帜装饰了摄政街。
straight:直线
There is still room for straight adoration —a few starchy tea-towels have been printed in their honour, and someone has decked Regent Street with a nearly fascistic number of Union Jacks.
还是有能直接崇拜的地方——一些样式古板的茶巾上印着他们的荣耀，有用接近信奉法西斯主义者数量的画有象征联合图案的旗帜装饰了摄政街。
have:有
His dark hair slightly ruffled and his eyes full of adoration as his looked at his bride to be.
他的头发很黑，略微显得有些凌乱。每当看到丽莎，他的眼神中就充满了对于这个即将成为自己新娘的女人的爱慕崇拜。
adoration:崇拜
Justin's new campaign rolls out this June, with a second part hitting in the fall. Cause he needs more adoration.
贾斯汀的最新一季广告将于这个六月铺天盖地而来，而第二部分则将于秋天上映，因为他需要更多的崇拜和崇拜。
adoration:崇拜
His dark hair slightly ruffled and his eyes full of adoration as his looked at his bride to be.
他内心充满了对崇拜与崇拜看着未来的新娘。
adoration:崇拜
Java programming, and object -orientation, was the first love for many programmers, and we treat it with the same respect and outright adoration I gave to Bindi.
Java编程和面向对象是许多程序员的 “初恋”，我们对待它就像对待Bindi一样尊重和完全的崇拜。
adoration:崇拜
He said, “I am going to do this, and I am going to do that, and I am going to do this, and I am going to receive adoration of all these angels and these people .”
读一下以赛亚书14.他说，“我要做这，我要做那，我要接受所有天使和人类的崇拜。”
receive:接受
Shrill screams of adoration are erupting randomly from the stands at the back of the arena.
尖锐的声音崇拜的什里尔正在竞技场的背面从台子任意地爆发。
Shrill:什里尔
You can be sure that your girlfriend will really adore this because you are taking the time to do it.
你会确信你的女朋友非常崇拜这份礼物，因为这些是你花费时间来制作的。
adore:崇拜
And you can be the one they adore because you make them pancakes and take them to Yankees games.
而你会成为他们崇拜的那个人的，因为你教她们薄煎饼还带她们去参加美国佬的游戏。
games:游戏
Well they adore the thought of a soul mate, the search, the seduction, the whole dream factory.
呃，他们崇拜灵魂伴侣这种想法—寻找、引诱以及整个的梦幻过程。
adore:崇拜
For years, the inbox let you read messages only in a threaded view called Conversations, which people tended to either adore or despise.
这么多年了，收件箱还是只能让你用照料称为“对话”的串行方式阅读邮件，而人们对这种方式要么极其喜爱要么非常讨厌。
tended:照料
For years, the inbox let you read messages only in a threaded view called Conversations, which people tended to either adore or despise.
这么多年了，收件箱还是只能让你用被称为“对话”的串行方式阅读邮件，而人们对这种方式要么极其崇拜要么非常讨厌。
adore:崇拜
People adore you and can't get enough of your good nature, especially since you are a reliable friend and companion.
人们崇拜你，永远不能满足你的好脾气，尤其是当你成为可依赖的伴时。
companion:伴
Mr Jankovov, from Zhytomyr in the Ukraine, said: 'I adore photography, especially landscapes because I can just sit there and observe the nature around me. It's so peaceful.
来自乌克兰的安东·简科夫说：“我很崇拜摄影，特别是风景主题的，因此我会身处大自然之中，并静静欣赏，整个过程让人心平气和。”
adore:崇拜
Mr Jankovov, from Zhytomyr in the Ukraine, said: 'I adore photography, especially landscapes because I can just sit there and observe the nature around me. It's so peaceful.
来自乌克兰的安东·简科夫说：“我很喜爱摄影，特别是风景主题的，因此我会在那儿大自然之中，并静静欣赏，整个过程让人心平气和。”
there:在那儿
HE REMEMBERED the moment it began, at four years old: jumping on the kitchen table, setting the lamp swinging, singing “La donna è mobile” to an audience of adoring women.
他还记得这一切的开端：在四岁那年，他跳上厨房的桌子，拨弄顶上的吊灯，使其摆动，然后为一位爱慕女性的听众高唱“唐娜善变”。
donna:唐娜
HE REMEMBERED the moment it began, at four years old: jumping on the kitchen table, setting the lamp swinging, singing “La donna è mobile” to an audience of adoring women.
他还记得这一切的开端：在四岁那年，他跳上厨房的桌子，拨弄顶上的吊灯，使其摆动，然后为一位崇拜女性的听众高唱“女人善变”。
adoring:崇拜
But oddly the loving and adoring nature of the Leo man makes her less critical of him.
但很奇怪的是由于狮子男充满爱意和令人崇拜的特质，使得处女女一般很少批评他。
adoring:崇拜
Without psychological maturity, early love, no matter fully involved or just adoring super stars, raises the danger of anxiety and depression for those afflicted.
在心理未完全成熟的情况下，无论自我陶醉式的崇拜或是对偶像的崇拜都可能造成心灵创伤，从而增加他们焦虑、抑郁的风险。
adoring:崇拜
I could not have asked for a more caring, adoring and loving husband and father.
没有比他更关怀备至、相敬如宾、充满关心的丈夫和父亲了。
caring:关心
I could not have asked for a more caring, adoring and loving husband and father.
没有比他更关怀备至、相敬如宾、充满崇拜的丈夫和父亲了。
adoring:崇拜
His tables and chairs are still in the Elysee Palace in Paris and his sofas, bookcase and desk adorn other rooms.
波林的办公桌和椅子仍在在法国巴黎的爱丽舍宫，而他的沙发，书柜和书桌，也装饰着其他的房间。
desk:办公桌
Garnish. Use a zester to make lemon peel curls to adorn desserts, cut wedges to top a salad or use lemon slices to hang on the rim of glasses.
装饰品--柠檬皮用削皮器削出卷曲的条状可以装饰品甜品，切成小块可以装饰品沙拉，柠檬切片还可以摆放在玻璃杯的杯口。
Garnish:装饰品
We'd use all kinds of adornment to decorate the tree, from pinecones and candy coated angels to colourful Christmas balls and fake icicles.
我们会用各种各样的装饰品来装饰它，从松果、包着糖果的天使到花花绿绿的圣诞球和假冰雪。
icicles:冰雪
In short, just as clothing is a source of adornment, the wife is a source of adornment to the husband and vice versa.
简言之,正如衣服具有装饰作用那样,妻子也是丈夫的装饰,反之亦然。
adornment:装饰
In short, just as clothing is a source of adornment, the wife is a source of adornment to the husband and vice versa.
简言之,正如衣服具有装饰作用那样,妻子也是丈夫的装饰,反之亦然。
adornment:装饰
Increased creative awareness can raise adrenalin levels, allowing the mind to more accurately focus.
提高的创造力会提高肾上腺素，会使思想更加专注。
raise:提高
Increased creative awareness can raise adrenalin levels, allowing the mind to more accurately focus.
增加的创造力会提高肾上腺素，会使思想更加集中注意力。
focus:集中注意力
As the lukewarm hands of the gods /came down and gently picked my adrenalin pearls /placed them in their mouths /and rinses all the fear out/ nourished them with their saliva.
众神们温和的手/下来轻轻摘走了我肾上腺素的珍珠/含在嘴里/熔化了一切的恐惧/用唾液滋养选它们
picked:选
Physical occupations such as massage therapist are considered low stress, Shatkin says, largely because it's harder to build up stress - generated adrenalin when you're moving around.
Shatkin说，与身体相关的职业比如按摩师之所以被考虑是低压的工作很大程度是因为当你四处走动的时候很难积累产生压力的肾上腺素。
considered:考虑
This intensive, adrenalin -fuelled, intellectual focus produced what was to become the world ’s best-selling political pamphlet.
这种高强度，肾上腺素大量分泌，完全使用脑力的集中注意力才创作出了这本日后在全世界最畅销的政治小册子。
focus:集中注意力
Noise, voices, talking... takes you out of the zone, gets you thinking, which triggers labor - slowing adrenalin.
噪音、噪音、谈话声…带你走出那个区域，让你去想，是什么激发了减慢分娩的肾上腺素分泌。
Noise:噪音
The aesthetics of European cities offer the consolation of the past ’s grandeur but seldom the adrenalin of future possibility.
欧洲城市的美感为其过去的恢宏提供了安慰，但几乎不能为可能的未来带来刺激。
consolation:安慰
Every time I hear the last call before the show starts, I feel the adrenaline start to pump, probably like how a horse feels before it starts a race.
每当我听到表演开始之前的最后通报，就会觉得肾上腺素开始分泌，大概是像马在种族开始之前的那种感觉吧。
race:种族
The adrenal glands release adrenaline and other stress hormones that prime certain organs to go into action.
肾上腺释放肾上腺素和其他的压力荷尔蒙，这些都能够激发某些腺的行动起来。
glands:腺
And while caffeine seems to boost adrenaline that primes the body for action, coffee itself may have a calming effect.
此外，尽管咖啡因似乎似乎提高主导身体行动的肾上腺素的水平，但咖啡本身或许有镇静作用。
seems:似乎
By the end, the predicament of this intense threesome is genuinely moving and there is a clear parallel with the aching sense of life adrift in Ishiguro ’s earlier novel, The Remains of the Day.
影片末尾，三人组的境遇感人至深，并与黑泽一雄的前期小说《长日将尽》中随波逐流的鲜明痛苦生活形成强烈对比。
aching:痛苦
El- Scari has studied the sociology of men and boys set adrift, and he considers it his special gift to get them to open up and reflect on their new condition.
穆斯塔法研究了这种男人和男孩四处漂泊的社会学，他考虑自己的工作对他们来说，是一份特殊的礼物，能够帮助他们开始反省新的社会地位。
considers:考虑
is professor of sociology and education at New York University and co-author of "Academically Adrift: Limited Learning on College Campuses ."
理查德. 阿鲁姆：纽约大学社会教育学教授，《教授漂流：大学校园学习的有限性》的合著者。
professor:教授
No matter how savvy you are, how adroit you are with skills unmatched by your fellow workers, somewhere in the world, someone will bid for the work that you do for less.
无论你多么精明能干，无论你的技艺多么娴熟、无人能敌，总会有工人人在世界的工人地方以更少的出价来竞争你的工作。
workers:工人
Prose incantations are adroit systems of self that accolade new versions of dream that are transfigured upon the dreamtime of the event.
散文诗咒语是真我的精明系统,荣曜出一个新版本的梦想，在梦想时间发生的事件上变形。
transfigured:变形
Adroit humans learn to purify self through realization. Clear and luminescent fields are fostered through internal alchemy of spiritual practice in which intention of mindset is focused upon.
一些精明的人类通过自我去净化真我，其实清明和发亮的能量场是需要通过内在的灵性自我这种实际操练的魔法培育的。
self:自我
Recessions are a relative game, and historically the United States has proven more adroit at responding to them than most.
布莱尔说："经济衰退具有相对性，从历史上来看，美国证明比多数国家作出更灵敏的反应。
proven:证明
But China's state-owned enterprises seem less adroit at exploiting those assets.
但中国的国有企业似乎不那么善于剥削这些资产。
exploiting:剥削
Look for old friend, pull two computer, hired a server, installed an ADSL, phone adscititious two pieces of beds.
找来旧友，拉来两台电脑，租了一台服务器，装了ADSL、碎片电话外加两张床。
pieces:碎片
As far as your Internet connection goes, the faster the better (e. g., high speed Cable or ADSL).
至于你上网的推移，快愈更好（如高速电缆或ADSL的）。
better:更好
VDSL technology is considered as the next generation product of the Asymmetrical Digital Subscriber Loop (ADSL), which is the conception expansion of ADSL, so it is in the research stage.
VDSL技术被考虑不对称数字用户线（ADSL）的下一代产品——这是对ADSL概念的扩展，故其现在还处在研究阶段。
considered:考虑
VDSL technology is considered as the next generation product of the Asymmetrical Digital Subscriber Loop (ADSL), which is the conception expansion of ADSL, so it is in the research stage.
VDSL它被视为不对称数字用户线（ADSL）的下一代产品——这是对ADSL概念的扩展，故其现在还处在研究阶段。
it:它
If you long for money, fame and adulation, then you ’ll take action to achieve it, and you ’ll get it in the end.
如果你长金钱，名誉和奉承，那么你就会采取行动去追求，最终你会得到。
long:长
If you long for money, fame and adulation, then you ’ll take action to achieve it, and you ’ll get it in the end.
如果你渴望金钱，名声和奉承，那么你就会采取行动去追求，最终你会得到。
fame:名声
He unearths such gems as Indira Gandhi’s aside to a visiting writer, while she waved to an adulatory crowd: “Do get me some more of those cashew nuts.
他发掘到的奇闻轶事，甚至包含印度国母英迪拉•甘地（Indira Gandhi, 注四）一边向阿谀奉迎的群众挥手致意，一边告诉一位参观作家的閒话：「去帮我再多拿些腰果吧。
visiting:参观
Because the data separate, the adulatory property are big, easily influenced by a variety of factors outside, this is also determined by the characteristics of Small and medium technology enterprises.
由于数据离散、波动性较大，容易受外界各种因素的受影响，这也是由中小型科技企业本身的特点所决定的。
influenced:受影响
If you have a continuing education program or adult education program in your area seriously consider taking a course or two that could directly apply to your potential future role.
如果你参加了一个与你的领域相关的连续教育培训或者成人教育培训，那么，考虑参加一两门可以直接应用于你将来可能成为的角色的课程。
consider:考虑
If you have a continuing education program or adult education program in your area seriously consider taking a course or two that could directly apply to your potential future role.
如果你参加了一个与你的领域相关的连续课程培训或者成人课程培训，那么，考虑一下参加一两门可以直接应用于你将来可能成为的角色的课程。
course:课程
If you compare the explicate purposes for adult education, I think you will agree that they are all the same.
如果将其与成人教育的,表层目的进行比较，你会承认两者是一样的。
purposes:目的
On Friday afternoon a woman taking an adult education class at the museum accidentally fell into “The Actor, ” causing the tear.
星期五下午，一位正在博物馆上女人教育课的妇女意外的摔倒在“演员”上，造成了这条裂口。
woman:女人
They have to adulterate a Chinese sentence with words taken from English or Malay.
他们一句词汇里头总是掺杂了英语单词或马来语词汇。
words:词汇
The HPLC fingerprints of flavonoids in the authentic propolis, poplar tree's gum and adulterate propolis were determined in this paper.
从蜂胶的功效成分—黄酮类化合物着手，测定了真品蜂胶、杨波普勒和搀假蜂胶的HPLC指纹图谱。
poplar:波普勒
A substance added to another substance to modify, dilute, or adulterate it.
被加到另一种物质上的物质，用来修改，稀释或掺杂它。
modify:修改
Adulterate Daqu came into the market due to the scarcity of effective detection methods and the insufficient attention to the hazard of adulterate Daqu, which caused Daqu market price disorder.
由于缺乏检测方法和对掺假的危险重视不够，给掺假大曲流入市场以可乘之机，造成了大曲市场价格的混乱。
hazard:危险
"Will globalization adulterate the" character "? Protection is by no means preservation.
全球化会使“特色”异化吗?保存和保存并非同一概念。
preservation:保存
But draw near hither, ye sons of the sorceress, the seed of the adulterer and the whore.
你们这些巫婆的儿子，奸夫和妓女的种子，都要靠近。
near:靠近
At the same time divorce should be the last resort in a marriage, especially if the adulterer repents to God of their wrongdoings.
同时，离婚也是不得已为之。特别是在向上帝坦诚错误，忏悔出轨的情况下，已然无法挽回，不如最后纠葛。
last:最后
But draw near hither, ye sons of the sorceress, the seed of the adulterer and the harlot.
你们这些巫婆的儿子、奸夫和妓女的种子、都要靠近。
near:靠近
Ought a convicted adulteress and her paramour husband to be placed in the highest offices of this free and christian land?
一个应该被定罪罪刑的奸妇和她的情人丈夫，难道允许放在这块充满自由，充满信仰的土地上最高层的办公室吗？
convicted:被定罪
However, it was not a good omen that the day after taking office he was forced to admit to a string of adulterous affairs.
然而，在履新次日，他就不得不承认了一连串通奸丑闻，这可不是个好预言。
omen:预言
In fact, she said, it's a part of the whole extra - marital mating ritual, according to Wysocki, who said adulterous interactions that begin online seem to follow a regular pattern.
据威索基介绍，事实上色情事实已经成为婚外偷腥的一部分。他还认为始于网上的偷腥行为似乎都会遵循一个模式。
fact:事实
While infidelity rates do appear to be rising, a vast majority of people still say adultery is wrong, and most men and women do not appear to be unfaithful.
在不忠比率是在上涨的期间，绝大部分人还是认为通奸是不对的，而且大多数的男人女人看起来不会做出不忠的事。
While:期间
Many of their beliefs are expressed in the Ten Commandments. They are a set of rules against murder, stealing, cheating, adultery and profanity.
许多人的信条都在《十诫》有很好的体现，《十诫》是反谋杀、偷窃、欺诈、奸淫和亵渎的一系列规定。
cheating:欺诈
Even as the sexual revolution nudged adultery from a zone of privacy into a more public realm, feminism was refashioning the culture ’s understanding of sexual harassment.
当性革命促使通奸从隐秘领土进入更公开的领土时,女权运动甚至开始从文化层面重新研究对性骚扰的认识。
realm:领土
Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 and was originally sentenced to death by stoning, but the sentence was put on hold earlier this month after an international outcry.
阿什蒂亚尼于2006年被判犯有通奸罪，最初被被定罪用石头砸死，但这一判决在本月初在国际上强烈抗议下被搁置了起来。
convicted:被定罪
However, proposals to make adultery a criminal offense have met little popular support.
有提议将通奸变成违法的犯罪行为，然而民意并不认同。
have:有
The freshwater eel is one of the few fishes that do the opposite, spawning in the ocean and spending their adulthood in lakes, rivers, and estuaries — a life history known as catadromy.
淡水鳗鱼是少数几种背道而驰的鱼，它们在海里产卵，在湖泊河流和河口度过成年时光——那是一段被称为降海洄游的生命历史。
eel:鱼
Could these childless women be harbingers of a new world, one in which parenthood is considered an active choice and not simply the default state of adulthood?
这些选择不要孩子的妇女难道不是这个新世界的先驱吗？成为父母是一种积极的选择而不是妇女世界的固定模式。
women:妇女
"Specialized face - processing in the brain may require an extended period of visual tuning during early adulthood to help individuals learn and recognize lots of different faces ," Germine says.
大脑中专门进行面孔信息处理，这需要一段时期的视觉调制来帮助在成年早期的个人学习和识别大量不同的面孔，格曼说。
tuning:调制
It's amazing that any of her children lived to adulthood, but that is the way we ate until we learned better.
她的孩子们能活到成年期是令人令人惊奇的，但那就是我们的饮食方式直到我们后来了解更多。
amazing:令人惊奇
Learn some words about places some prep. and adv. How to give directions.
学习地点的一些单词，介词和副词，如何一些地方。
places:一些地方
Japan is the defending champion, having won 24 golds at home in Aomori four years ago, but China is expected to dominate this time, with South Korea and Kazakhstan also in the running (adv.
参加比赛，有赢的希望）。四年前日本在本土青森举行的亚洲冬运会上获得了最多的24枚金牌，此次他们要卫冕冠军。这次中国有信心冠军第一，韩国及哈萨克斯坦亦蓄势待发。
champion:冠军
Hitting the Sweet Spot: How Consumer insights Can Inspire Better Marketing and Adv.
击中甜蜜斑点：如何能激发消费者洞察更好的营销和高级。
Spot:斑点
Hitting the Sweet Spot: How Consumer insights Can Inspire Better Marketing and Adv.
击中甜蜜点：如何能激励消费者洞察更好的营销和高级。
Inspire:激励
By analyzing financing cost and financing income of asset securitization, cred - it risk is dispersed and security of financial system is adv.
通过对资产证券化的融资成本、融资收益的分析，分散了信用风险，并且提高了融资系统的安全性。
financing:融资
By analyzing financing cost and financing income of asset securitization, cred - it risk is dispersed and security of financial system is adv.
通过对资产证券化的融资成本、融资收益的分析，分散了信用风险，并且提高了融资系统的安全性。
financing:融资
By analyzing financing cost and financing income of asset securitization, cred - it risk is dispersed and security of financial system is adv.
通过对资产证券化的融资成本、融资收益的分析，分散了信用风险，并且提高了金融系统的安全。
security:安全
The intending administrative trial pattern in China should be neither litigant principle nor authority principle, and supposed to choose authoritylitigant principle that extracts the both adv.
在全球职权主义和诉讼官主义两大行政审判模式融合的大背景下，我国现行的强职权主义行政审判模式日益显示出其与生俱来的弊病而不宜继续沿用。
litigant:诉讼官
You'll have to book (up) well in advance if you want to see an excellent floor show.
如果你想看夜总会精彩的系列文娱表演，你得提前很多预订看。
see:看
You'll have to book (up) well in advance if you want to see an excellent floor show.
如果你想看夜总会精彩的系列展示表演，你得提前很多预订座位。
show:展示
Some customers, who have gone through this process or who have experience in hiring translation services, express their preferences (if any) in advance, before the translation process begins.
一些客户都经历过这个过程或有服务翻译服务的经验，他们在翻译过程开始之前，会提前表达自己的偏好（如有）。
services:服务
Along the way, we stayed in youth hostels and budget hotels, as well as with local families, traveling second class at a pace that suited us, without advance reservations or hard plans.
一路走来，我们不仅和当地家庭住在一起，还住过青年旅社和经济型旅馆，以适合我们的步调做二等提前，没有提前预订或严格的计划。
advance:提前
Just by itself, that's a major advance over tests that never execute some code at all!
相对那些根本不执行某以上代码的测试而言，这本身就是一个进步！
over:以上
Not all prices … at least not in the US and other advanced economies.
不是所有的价格…至少不在美国和其它的先进的经济经济。
economies:经济
Working with RAID is an advanced task, but it can be managed.
使用RAID任务是一种先进的任务，但它是可以管理的。
task:任务
To help our joint venture, we hope that you would keep supplying us with advanced management techniques and technologies.
为了帮助我们的合资企业，希望贵方能不断向我方提供先进的管理技术和技术。
techniques:技术
The goal is to allow browsers to implement more complex functionality if they like, without breaking the form in less advanced browsers.
这样做的目的是让浏览器实现更复杂的功能，同时如在不很先进的浏览器中不会被破坏。
like:如
In many cases, these techniques require advanced training in the approach, and some effort to perform correctly.
在许多情况下，这些技术要求进行高级技术培训和正确完成某些工作。
techniques:技术
Apple and Google are pushed not just by each other, but by the symbiotic advancement in chipsets and the system integration work of component vendors that I detailed above.
苹果和谷歌并不仅仅是互相推进，而是如我上面所详述的那样，由组成部分供货商们芯片和系统集成的共同发展推进的。
component:组成部分
Modernism facilitated the development of science and the industrial revolution and led to the greatest advancement of material power in the history of man: modernization.
现代主义促进了科学的发展，催生了工业革命，并在人类历史上，造就了材料生产力的最大进步：现代化。
material:材料
Another advantage is that this solution can handle cascading failures of application servers, which is only possible with more than one replica in a memory to memory configuration.
此解决方案的另一个优势是能够处理应用服务器的级联故障，而这在内存到内存配置中只有应用多个副本才有可能实现。
application:应用
Another advantage is that this solution can handle cascading failures of application servers, which is only possible with more than one replica in a memory to memory configuration.
此解决方案的另一个优势是能够处理应用服务器的级联故障，而这在内存到内存配置中只有使用多个复制品才有可能实现。
replica:复制品
Well, you’ll have another advantage and that will be no more scolding ’s from mom for leaving nails over the bed.
此外，它还有另外一个优点，那就是你再也不会因为把指甲遗留在床上而被妈妈欺骗了。
scolding:欺骗
The health gap between the advantaged and the disadvantaged has shrunk with each successive (Chinese) generation, Chen said.
陈飞年介绍，富人与穷人之间的健康差距在中国的代际之间正在逐步缩小。”这却与在美国的研究结果完全相反，在美国代际之间的健康差距正在逐步扩大。
shrunk:缩小
To the researchers' surprise, almost 45 per cent of the less advantaged group had suffered asthma compared with 27 per cent of the better off.
另一结果也让研究者感到吃惊：将近45%的领取福利金的人患有哮喘，而这一数字在条件更好一些的人中只有27%。
better:更好
I have found it advantageous to break the import process in two steps: syntax conversion and reorganization of data structure.
我发现将导入过程分成以下两个步骤是有利的：语法转换和数据结构的重新重组。
reorganization:重组
This similarity can be advantageous because you have fewer components to manage, but it can make the individual component more complex for creation, maintenance, and use.
这种相似性十分有利，因为需要管理的组件更少，但是可能会个人单个组件的创建、维护和使用更加复杂。
individual:个人
It would be advantageous to have a tool not only to help in problem determination efforts when problems occur, but also to help identify data errors before they impact customers.
拥有不仅可以在问题出现时帮助辨识问题，而且可以在数据错误影响客户之前帮助辨识数据错误的工具，这将是非常有利的。
identify:辨识
Out in the real world there's a good reason to favour your own group - normally it is also advantageous to yourself.
在现实世界中有一个很好的偏袒自己的群体的理由——一般来说这对你自己也是好的的。
good:好的
Teaching adolescents early about sex is advantageous because the younger one learns, the more likely that younger person is to take precautions when they do have an encounter.
对青少年进行性教学是非常有益的，他们学到了一些性知识，就更有可能在遇到一些风险时采取保护措施。
Teaching:教学
This is advantageous as regulators generally already have the power to seize control of an institution – so this is not new for either bank supervisors or bank investors.
这是有利条件，因为监管者通常已经有权获得一家机构的监管机构，所以，无论是对于银行监管者还是投资者而言，这都不会感到陌生。
regulators:监管机构
Thesame may have been true in evolution, as merely being dispersed inspace should have been advantageous and should have favoured mobility.
这在进化进化中可能已经真实存在，对生命体有利并且支持流动性，尽管只是分散在空间上。
evolution:进化
For these patients, our treatment options effectively go back to the era that predates the advent of antibiotics.
对于这类患者，我们的治疗选择实际上回到了抗生素出现以前的时代。
era:时代
Now, with increased screen resolutions and the advent of grid layouts, more designers are adapting this method to the web to make websites easier to use and to fit in more content.
现在，屏幕分辨率在增加，网格布局已到来，更多的布局师正在网页布局上适应这种方法，使得网站更易用，容纳的内容也更加多。
layouts:布局
The advent of social networks provides an effective mechanism for product managers to engage with customers without crisscrossing the globe.
社交网络的出现为产品经理提供了一个有效的机制，让他们不需要横渡全球就能与客户互动。
crisscrossing:横渡
Newspapers and magazines are proclaiming the advent of the "age of man" on their cover pages, artists are invoking the Anthropocene and even German governmental advisers have adopted the term.
一些报纸和杂志在封面上宣称通过的“人类的时代”的来临。艺术家们开始援引人类世，甚至德国政府顾问也已经采纳使用这个词。
adopted:通过的
Newspapers and magazines are proclaiming the advent of the "age of man" on their cover pages, artists are invoking the Anthropocene and even German governmental advisers have adopted the term.
一些报纸和杂志在封面上宣称着“人类的时代”的来临。艺术家们开始援引人类世，甚至德国政府顾问也已经采纳使用这个期限。
term:期限
He loved thefeeling of weightlessness and the excitement and adventure of it all.
不过他喜欢在水下无重量的感觉和冒险时带给他内心的那种兴奋。
weightlessness:无重量
To save yourself both of these, the only prerequisite is a sense of adventure.
两种开销都节约，唯一的先决条件就是要具备一种冒险感觉。
sense:感觉
One of the lures of adventure travel is the opportunity to share it with their daughters or granddaughters.
探险旅行的一个诱饵之处就是女性可以将这次旅行和她们的女儿或（外）孙女们分享。
lures:诱饵
Women want men that have a sense of adventure and an element of dangerabout them, not the guys who like to play it safe.
女人喜欢那些具有冒险精神且对她们有些危险感的男人们,而不是那些似乎相处起来很安全的男人们。
guys:男人们
Besides the good looks, they said they yearned for the sense of adventure and honour of the medieval era.
除了好看的外表，他们说他们更向往那种冒险精神和中世纪时代的人们的道义。
era:时代
Nowadays, there is an interesting motor race in an adventure playground in England.
往常，在英国冒险乐园有一个有趣的汽车种族。
race:种族
Space tourist and adventurer Richard Garriott, the son of an astronaut, will officiate at the ceremony during the 90 - minute flight.
持续时间大约90分钟的婚礼将由理查德.加里奥特主持，他本人就是一名太空旅游者和冒险家，其父亲也曾是一名宇航员。
tourist:旅游者
Space tourist and adventurer Richard Garriott, the son of an astronaut, will officiate at the ceremony during the 90 - minute flight.
持续时间大约90分钟的婚礼将由理查德.加里奥特主持，他本人就是一名太空宇航员和冒险家，其父亲也曾是一名宇航员。
astronaut:宇航员
Simon Mann, who goes on trial in Equatorial Guinea today, is an Old Etonian adventurer who has spent most of his decidedly mixed career in the murky world of special forces and mercenaries.
旧伊顿公学雇佣军西蒙·曼恩今天将在赤道几内亚接受审判，无可否认，他大部分形形色色的职业生涯都在充斥着特殊势力与金钱至上者的黑暗世界中度过了。
mercenaries:雇佣军
He was the fad of the hour, the adventurer who had stormed Parnassus while the gods nodded.
那只是他们一时心血来潮而已；他不过是个冒险家，趁着诸神打盹的同时冲上了帕纳萨斯山而已。
while:同时
The Central Bank was granted autonomy, charged with keeping inflation low and ensuring that banks eschew the adventurism that has damaged Britain and America.
中央银行获得自主权，负责保持低通胀并确保各家银行避开伤害英国和美国的冒险主义。
eschew:避开
In the fifth, they at first persisted in the military adventurist view, which opposed luring the enemy in deep, but later turned to military conservatism.
第五次反“围剿”时，干部的意见开头是坚持军事冒险主义反对诱敌深入的观点，后来是变成了军事保守主义。
persisted:坚持
The atmosphere on the streets, where a lot of walking sticks and sensible shoes can be seen, is generally not what one might call youthful and adventurous.
在洋溢着圣诞气息的街道上，能看到一大群拄着拐杖的理性游客，通常鞋子下，是看不到打电话和爱冒险的年轻人。
shoes:鞋子
With which observation he proceeded to recount to me his own adventurous wanderings on foot and horseback. Of any chance of discomfort or peril he had not a word to say.
从这看法继续，他接着向我讲述他自己步行和在马背上的冒险之旅，可对于这当中的艰难困苦和危险却只字未提。
proceeded:继续
With which observation he proceeded to recount to me his own adventurous wanderings on foot and horseback. Of any chance of discomfort or peril he had not a word to say.
从这看法谈起，他接着向我讲述他自己步行和在马背上的冒险游行，可对于这当中的艰难困苦和危险却只字未提。
wanderings:游行
They are intended to be adventurous enough to be interesting – even if I turn out to be wrong, they should at least be things to watch.
我想，预测必须足够大胆，才会显得有趣——即使结果证明我错了，它们至少也应该是值得关注的最小。
least:最小
A phrasal verb refers to a verb combined with an adverb or a preposition, or sometimes both, to give a new meaning.
短语动词仅指那些指有所改变的动词和副词或介词词组。
refers:指
The "modifier" (adverb or adjective in a sentence) is not required, usually.
通常不需要“形容词”（句子中的副词和形容词）。
adjective:形容词
The order of the two predicate verbs can not be changed, and the negative form is to put the negative adverb before the first verb.
两个谓语动词的次序不能改变，负形式是把负副词放在第一个谓语动词前边。
negative:负
The order of the two predicate verbs can not be changed, and the negative form is to put the negative adverb before the first verb.
两个谓语动词的次序不能改变，负形式是把负副词放在第一个谓语动词前边。
negative:负
Participial phrase, independent subjective structure, subjunctive mood and some phrase frames can all be regarded as the result of omitting different components of adverbial clause.
分词短语、独立主格结构、虚拟语气及某些习惯用语都可以被视为是状语从句不同成份省略的结果。
regarded:被视为
This paper reports a corpus -based study on the use of adverbial connectors by Chinese non- English major EFL learners with different English proficiency levels.
本文运用语料库的研究方法，对不同程度的中国非英语专业大学生使用连接形容词。现象进行了分析。
adverbial:形容词
In addition, a verb Infinitive characteristics, can have their own object and adverbial form Infinitive phrase.
另外，无限不定式具有无限特点，可以有自己的宾语和状语，组成无限不定式短语。
Infinitive:无限
In addition, a verb Infinitive characteristics, can have their own object and adverbial form Infinitive phrase.
另外，无限不定式具有无限特点，可以有自己的宾语和状语，组成无限不定式短语。
Infinitive:无限
The header of a DP is an adverb, and the whole phrase plays the adverbial role in a sentence.
形容词短语以形容词为核心词，同时整个短语在句子中，仍然为形容词的功能。
adverbial:形容词
Based on more comparable corpora, the present study verified some of the previous findings about the use of adverbial connectors by Chinese learners.
基于可比性更强的学习者和本族语语料库，本研究对中国学习者英语议论文中连接形容词。使用情况进行了调查分析。
adverbial:形容词
Lots of factors contribute to teenagers' experimentation with alcohol and drugs. Genes play a significant role, as do peer relationships. And the teenage years can be adversarial.
许多因素都有助于青少年酒精和抽烟的实验。基因扮演了一个重要的角色，如同同龄人之间的人际关系那么重要。青少年时期可能是对抗的。
alcohol:酒精
My point is not to argue with the ethics of this stance; it's just to observe that security consistently crumbles when developers and end - users adopt such adversarial stances toward each other.
我在这里不是要讨论这种立场的道德问题；只是注意到，在开发人员和最终用户采取这种互相对立的姿态时，安全性正在不断地被破坏。
stance:立场
My point is not to argue with the ethics of this stance; it's just to observe that security consistently crumbles when developers and end - users adopt such adversarial stances toward each other.
我在这里不是要讨论这种态度的道德问题；只是注意到，在开发人员和最终用户采取这种互相对立的姿态时，安全正在不断地被破坏。
security:安全
My point is not to argue with the ethics of this stance; it's just to observe that security consistently crumbles when developers and end - users adopt such adversarial stances toward each other.
我在这里不是要讨论这种态度的道德问题；只是注意到，在开发人员和最终用户接受这种互相对立的姿态时，安全性正在不断地被破坏。
adopt:接受
My point is not to argue with the ethics of this stance; it's just to observe that security consistently crumbles when developers and end - users adopt such adversarial stances toward each other.
我在这里不是要讨论这种状态的道德问题；只是注意到，在开发人员和最终用户采取这种互相对立的姿态时，安全性正在不断地被破坏。
stances:状态
The game was deliberately rigged to subject volunteers to stress, frustration, provocation, and taunting from their adversary.
游戏被设计成有意使受试者感到来自对手的压力、阻挠、计数和嘲笑。
taunting:计数
Currently, discrimination because of sex is defined as adverse action against another person, which would not have occurred had the person been of another sex.
如今，性别歧视定义定义为做出对另一性别的人的反对行为，如果那个人是相反的性别就不会发生这种歧视了。
defined:定义
As a result, people invest in banks - the stock of banks - because they understand that these people have a long-term relationship with business and they are immune from the adverse selection.
结果呢,人们就会投资于银行,即购买银行的股票,因为他们知道,银行家和商务保持着长期的关系,他们可以免受逆向选择之害
business:商务
They like being around other people more, they have more sex per month, and they have more resilience to adverse events.
她们更喜欢有陪伴，每月有更多的性生活，并且对不良事件的回复能力更强。
have:有
They like being around other people more, they have more sex per month, and they have more resilience to adverse events.
她们更喜欢有陪伴，每月有更多的性生活，并且对不良事件的回复能力更强。
have:有
In 1979 and 1980, I seemed to have an affinity for adverse fallout.
在1979年和1980年，我似乎对各种不利的副作用有亲属关系。
affinity:亲属关系
If the time gap is large, interruption thresholds could reach the level that could be exploited by a hacker, causing an adverse impact on the uptime availability.
如果时间间隔较大，则中断阈值可能达到可被黑客被剥削的程度，于是对正常运行时间有效性造成不利影响。
exploited:被剥削
While there are some people who will push forward through adversity, many people will give up at the first signs of failure.
然而有些人他们是通过逆境来前进，而许多人会在失败的征兆第一次出现的期间放弃。
While:期间
One of the reasons why I blog here at Adversity University is to turn my own personal experiences into solutions for you and make new connections along the way.
首先，我创建“逆境大学博客”的为什么?是通过分享我的个人经历，帮助你们解决自己问题，同时用这种方法结识更多的朋友。
why:为什么?
Although not the first brand to claim its advert can be viewed on Google Earth, the KFC logo is certainly one of the most ambitious.
尽管不是第一个声称能在谷歌地图上看到其广告的品牌，肯德基的标志无疑是最具野心的标志之一。
logo:标志
It was a great advert, funny and cute, but we think the epic symbolism of Star Wars is better suited to what Volkswagen is threatening to do to our planet.
这是一个极好的广告，非常有趣可爱。然而我们认为星战的史诗性象征主义更能体现大众是如何威胁我们的星球的。
symbolism:象征主义
If you want to sell your product you must advertise it.
如果你要出售自己的产品,你就必须做广告。
sell:出售
Indeed, a recent study of high school students showed that 85 percent could easily recognize the tunes used to advertise leading soft drinks and fast-food restaurants.
确实，最近一次对于高中学生的研究发现85%的人能够轻易地识别畅销软饮料和快餐厅广告所用的乐曲。
tunes:乐曲
Surely you ’ve seen or heard the news item: Blair River, a colorful character who promoted and helped advertise the Heart Attack Grill, a notorious burger joint in Arizona, died the other day.
你们当然已经看过或听过这项新闻：布莱尔·里弗 ——一个提倡和帮助亚利桑那州臭名昭著汉堡店心脏病烧烤格里尔做广告的多色多彩人物 ——几天前死了。
Grill:格里尔
Shafer tells the Taunton Daily Gazette the lack of employers means the task force won't have enough money to properly advertise the fair.
沙佛告诉陶顿每日公报由于缺乏招聘的公司少了，所以该项目也无法筹集到足够的钱，为招聘会做广告。
lack:缺乏
If a Google AdWords advertisement contains a libel, then the target of the libel can go after the advertiser in court.
如果谷歌广告词广告包含诽谤文字，那么可以在法庭上追问广告者的诽谤目标。
libel:诽谤
If a Google AdWords advertisement contains a libel, then the target of the libel can go after the advertiser in court.
如果谷歌广告词广告包含诽谤文字，那么可以在法庭上追问广告者的诽谤目标。
libel:诽谤
They argue that if there are nocigarette advertisement on TV, no cigarettes available everywhere, and no adequate pocket money, teenagers are unlikely to take up the habit of smoking.
如果电视上没有香烟广告，香烟不是到处可买得到，孩子的零用钱不是很多的话，青少年不太可能染上香烟的习惯。
cigarettes:香烟
Or they may work for advertisers, running the online side of an advertiser's business and tracking each ad's performance.
或者他们也可以为广告商工作，负责广告商的在线业务，跟踪每一个广告的广告效果。
ad:广告
Though some question whether viewers will be willing to fork over the money, the $9. 99 per month service is a critical addition to its otherwise advertiser - supported business model.
尽管有人质疑用户是否愿意支付这笔费用，但每月9.99美元的服务依然为其由广告商支持的业务模式提供了另一种自愿。
willing:自愿
Only one advertiser sponsors a player ’s game experiences per session – that means one corporate logo appears in the background of each game.
每次只有一个广告主可以在一个玩家的游戏中投放广告–意味着在每个游戏中，只会出现一个公司的广告标志。
logo:标志
I am not an advertiser and I’m not invested in making better ads.
我不是广告主，我并没有在投资以制造更好的广告。
making:制造
An advertiser or a politician or talk show host given to [bull] "does not reject the authority of the truth, as the liar does, and oppose himself to it," he writes.
惯于扯淡的广告商，政客还有脱口秀主持人“并不会排斥真话的权威，说谎者常常这样做，去站到它的对立面，”他写道。
truth:真话
We launch a big advertising campaign to promote our new toothpaste.
我们发动了一场声势浩大的广告广告，旨在推销新型牙膏。
advertising:广告
We hired an advertising company for help to sell our product.
我们雇用了一家广告公司来出售我们的产品。
sell:出售
To someone like me, who comes here for a month or so every year, the exhibition had a touch of propaganda about it, or, at least, of advertising.
对于像我这样每年都要光顾这里数月的人来说，这个展览感觉有一种广告的味道，或者起码来说是一次广告。
advertising:广告
So every year, the advertising agency gets busy dreaming up its latest extravaganza.
因此，广告公司每年都会忙于做梦他们的最新盛典。
dreaming:做梦
That conspiracy theory spread partly because the same do-good advertising agency that marketed iodized salt also marketed condoms.
这种阴谋论产生的原因是广告碘盐的热情的广告公司同时也广告避孕套。
advertising:广告
Likewise, Suntory is stuffed with an IT - services firm, a chain of fitness clubs, silverware and jewellery shops, an advertising agency and a flower company of its own.
同样地，三得利也拥有一家IT服务公司、链健身俱乐部、多家银器和珠宝商店、一家广告机构以及自己的一家花卉公司。
chain:链
Likewise, Suntory is stuffed with an IT - services firm, a chain of fitness clubs, silverware and jewellery shops, an advertising agency and a flower company of its own.
同样地，三得利也拥有一家IT服务公司、一系列健身俱乐部、多家银器和珠宝商店、一家广告公司以及自己的一家花卉公司。
company:公司
The Federal Trade Commission in April of 1974 issued a "proposed complaint "against the California Milk Producers Advisory Board and their advertising agency.
1974年4月，联邦商务板对加里福利亚牛奶场顾问会及其广告公司提出“建议性投诉”。
Board:板
While companies track every data point of an advertising campaign, they often ignore the return on investment on their training dollars.
公司往往会跟踪每一场广告宣传训练的每一个数据点，但却常常忽视培训开支的投资回报问题。
training:训练
Dressed in a sheer lace frock and stiletto boots, the 35 -year-old strikes a series of poses alongside a metal megaphone in a new advertising campaign.
最近举行的广告广告活动中，这位35岁的歌星穿着蕾丝罩袍和皮靴，在金属麦克风旁边展示了一系列造型。
advertising:广告
Already well known, Delibes’s Flower Duet was made ever-increasingly popular by British Airway ’s use of the work in a fairly recent advertising campaign.
已经众所周知德里布的《花之二重唱》由于被英国航空较近的一个广告宣传使用中引用到而名噪一时。
use:使用
Already well known, Delibes’s Flower Duet was made ever-increasingly popular by British Airway ’s use of the work in a fairly recent advertising campaign.
已经众所周知德里布的《花之二重唱》由于被英国航空较近的一个广告宣传工作中引用到而名噪一时。
work:工作
The Chinese government has launched a global advertising campaign in an effort to lift the reputation of Chinese - made goods.
近日，我国政府推出一系列全球广告广告活动，试图提升"中国制造"的国际形象。
advertising:广告
The Chinese government has launched a global advertising campaign in an effort to lift the reputation of Chinese - made goods.
近日，我国政府推出一系列全球广告推广努力，试图提升"中国制造"的国际形象。
effort:努力
Perhaps as a security strategy during the next phase of the brand, she is the “face ” of the perfume, and will appear in the advertising campaign (clothed) with her head thrown back to expose her neck.
也许在打造品牌的下一个阶段，为保险起见，她自己会充当香水的“代言人”，会在广告宣传中亲自披挂上阵（当然是穿衣服的）：头往后仰，香脖露面来。
expose:露面
The shoot formed part of a newspaper advertising campaign by CAP48, a non-profit organization which works to highlight disability issues across France and Belgium.
该照片是为非盈利组织CAP48在报纸上刊登的一则慈善广告而拍摄的，该组织在法国和比利时就残疾人进行广告。
advertising:广告
This is easy for Apple to manage, as newspapers inexorably ease from editorial to advertorial.
对苹果来说，这很容易成功，就像报纸无情地缓解社论式偏向。
advertorial:偏向
If the newspaper / magazine doesn’t print your editorial, buy ad space and run it as an advertorial instead.
如果报纸或杂志不采用你的评论，就买下一片偏向空间，把你的评论当作偏向一样进行运作。
advertorial:偏向
The advertorial essentially are advertisement which are wearing the news coat. Chinese press are facing the challenge of the advertorial's overflow.
从本质上讲，“软文”就是披着“新闻”外衣的商业性偏向，“软文”的泛滥使我国报业的传媒公信力受到极大挑战。
advertorial:偏向
The advertorial essentially are advertisement which are wearing the news coat. Chinese press are facing the challenge of the advertorial's overflow.
从本质上讲，“软文”就是披着“新闻”外衣的商业性偏向，“软文”的泛滥使我国报业的传媒公信力受到极大挑战。
advertorial:偏向
From the standpoint of communication and conduct, the generation of the advertorial which is indispensable to the crossing interaction of the news, public and the advertisement.
从传播行为角度看，“软文”的产生离不开新闻、公关、偏向三种不同传播行为的交叉互动。
advertorial:偏向
This text is mainly constituted by the following 5 parts: The first part looked back the past research result of the advertorial, auto advertisement and auto advertorial.
本文由五个部分组成：第一部分介绍了本文的研究背景，并回顾了其他学者和业界人士对软文偏向、汽车偏向以及汽车软文偏向的研究成果。
advertorial:偏向
This text is mainly constituted by the following 5 parts: The first part looked back the past research result of the advertorial, auto advertisement and auto advertorial.
本文由五个部分组成：第一部分介绍了本文的研究背景，并回顾了其他学者和业界人士对软文偏向、汽车偏向以及汽车软文偏向的研究成果。
advertorial:偏向
So the next time you find yourself looking for advice on how to stay motivated in whatever you do, look inside yourself, and ask why and if you really care.
所以下次你发现自己在如何保持积极性在你有动机的任何事上的问题上寻找建议，回头看看你自己，问问自己为什么和自己是否真的在意。
motivated:有动机
My only other advice is to cherish every moment with those you love at every stage of your journey, as I have done this summer.
我唯一一个额外的建议就是在你人生旅途的每一段，珍珍惜与你所珍惜的每一个瞬间，正像我在今年夏天所做的那样。
cherish:珍惜
This was the kind of advice column that Esther Lederer wrote. She wrote it under the name of Ann Landers.
这那种建议就是由专栏作家以斯贴.莱德尔写的，她采用安.兰德丝这个笔名。
kind:那种
As you can see, the advice involved in the column is to accept this, embrace it and, in some cases, “match their moves .” In other words, come to recognize the concept of “mirroring .”
如你所见，专栏中的建议是应该认清这一点，不用怀疑，而在某些状态下，“跟着他们移动”，换句话说，就是要懂得“反射”的概念。
recognize:认清
As you can see, the advice involved in the column is to accept this, embrace it and, in some cases, “match their moves.
正如你所见，在这方面的参与建议就是接受它，相信它，在某些情况下，“和他们的行动相符”。
involved:参与
Lian Yue, a well-known columnist with “Shanghai Weekly,” has been giving love advice for ten years.
连岳，《上海一周》上知名的专栏作家，当过10年爱顾问。
love:爱
E. Jean Carroll, Elle magazine advice columnist: I love the concept of re - gifting —I think we should do it with our men!
JeanCarroll，《Elle》杂志咨询专栏作家：我喜欢重复送礼的概念——我们应该把这一做法实践在男朋友身上！
concept:概念
Consider calling a domestic violence hot line for advice and creating a plan to leave your abuser.
考虑拨打家庭暴力热线以寻求建议，并且制作一个计划离开你的施虐者。
Consider:考虑
But when pushed, he boils it down to a simple line of advice for the ladies: "If you're not interested in a guy then don't laugh at his jokes ."
不过在几经劝说，他把它归结为对女士的一条简单建议：“如果你对某个男士不感兴趣，那在他开玩笑时就别笑。”
guy:男士
With the old Confederacy now the heart of the Republican base boasting about the party ’s Civil War - era legacy is no longer advisable.
鉴于老的邦联现在已经成为共和党的基础核心，吹嘘共和党内战时期的遗产不再成为可取的方针。
old:老
With the old Confederacy now the heart of the Republican base boasting about the party ’s Civil War - era legacy is no longer advisable.
鉴于过去的邦联现在已经成为共和党的基础核心，吹嘘共和党内战时代的遗产不再成为可取的方针。
era:时代
It was advisable for an old couple to adopt an orphan, as they had no children of their own.
对一对老夫妇来说，因为没有亲生孤儿而收养一个孤儿是适当的。
orphan:孤儿
Wherefore, I strongly advise you, my lords, to put aside all care and solicitude and to receive readily the most holy Body and Blood of our Lord Jesus Christ in holy commemoration of Him.
为此，我强烈地建议你们，大人，把（对此世的）忧虑和渴望放到一边并接受我们的主基督在祂神圣的纪念仪式中已经是最神圣的身体和血。
solicitude:忧虑
Wherefore, I strongly advise you, my lords, to put aside all care and solicitude and to receive readily the most holy Body and Blood of our Lord Jesus Christ in holy commemoration of Him.
为此，我强烈地建议你们，大人，把（对此世的）关心和渴望放到一边并接受我们的主基督在祂神圣的纪念纪念中已经是最神圣的身体和血。
commemoration:纪念
After all, if you can identify the join points needing annotations, you can write a pointcut and advise those join points directly.
总之，如果可以辨识需要注释的连接点，那么就可以编写一个切入点，并直接通知这些连接点。
identify:辨识
After all, if you can identify the join points needing annotations, you can write a pointcut and advise those join points directly.
总之，如果可以确定需要注释的加入，那么就可以编写一个切入点，并直接通知这些加入。
join:加入
After all, if you can identify the join points needing annotations, you can write a pointcut and advise those join points directly.
总之，如果可以确定需要注释的加入，那么就可以编写一个切入点，并直接通知这些加入。
join:加入
If you accept our counteroffer, we ’ll advise our users to buy from you.
如您能接受我们的还盘，我们就劝用户向你方买。
buy:买
They were in the same navy blazers with brass buttons and the same button- down shirts with the same top button ill-advisedly undone to reveal the same section of loose neck.
两人都穿着海军蓝的运动闪电器，闪电器上面都是铜纽扣；两人里面都穿着同样的衬衫，衬衫最上面一颗纽扣都没扣上，所以都不雅地露出脖子的同样部位，而且两人的脖子都显得松弛。
blazers:闪电器
They were in the same navy blazers with brass buttons and the same button- down shirts with the same top button ill-advisedly undone to reveal the same section of loose neck.
两人都穿着海军蓝的运动夹克，夹克上面都是铜纽扣；两人里面都穿着同样的衬衫，衬衫最上面一颗纽扣都没扣上，所以都不雅地露出脖子的同样顶部，而且两人的脖子都显得松弛。
top:顶部
The committees are taking your proposal under advisement, and will give you a decision shortly.
委员会正在仔细咨询你的建议，并将很快对此做出决定。
advisement:咨询
The diagnosis of autoimmune inner ear disease depends on the synthetic advisement of case history, clinical manifestation, immunological checking and treatment reaction.
自身免疫性内耳病的诊断依赖于对病史、临床表现、免疫学检查和免疫治疗反应的综合咨询。
advisement:咨询
After argument, the appellate court will normally "take the case under advisement "and issue a written decision.
经过辩论后，上诉法庭将正式的对案件进行周密咨询并且制作一个书面决议。
advisement:咨询
The widespread application of Internet technology not only impacts the markets of advisement of the traditional media formats, but also basically changes the peoples' reading habits.
互联网技术的广泛应用不仅冲击了传统媒体的广告市场，而且从根本上改变了人们阅读格式的方式。
formats:格式
Finally, the experience of using two-dimensional animation to design the publish interest advertisement about environment advisement was stated.
最后，阐述了自己利用二维动画进行环保类广告的设计心得。
advertisement:广告
The database and application program not only provide useful information for researchers but also can serve as an efficient advisement for the company and products.
这个环氧树脂数据库及应用系统的建立除了为研究人员提供快捷的数据库服务，在一定程度上可以对企业的产品进行有效的宣传。
database:数据库
We have been putting our all efforts in achieving the best effect for your advisement.
我们将尽最大最好的使您的广告呈现最佳效果。
best:最好的
S. "I have learned about the American educational system, pedagogy, deaf and hard of hearing student advisement and placement, and educational research methods," she said.
“我学习和了解了美国教育系统，教育学，聋学生升学和安置办法，和教育科研教育学”，她说。
pedagogy:教育学
In the past, I did that by holding down two jobs - one as a legal ethics adviser, the other as a Territorial Army soldier.
过去我就是通过拥有两份工作做到这点，一个是作为一名法律伦理顾问，另一个是一名陆军领土。
Territorial:领土
I am not a stockbroker or an investment advisor or CEO of a big company.
我并不是一个股票股票经纪人或投资顾问或大公司里的行政总裁。
stockbroker:股票经纪人
Upgrade Advisor identifies feature and configuration changes that might affect your upgrade, and it provides links to documentation that describes each identified issue and how to resolve it.
升级顾问还会识别那些可能会影响到升级的特性和配置变更，并提供描述每个识别问题和解决方法的文档链接。
identifies:识别
Upgrade Advisor identifies feature and configuration changes that might affect your upgrade, and it provides links to documentation that describes each identified issue and how to resolve it.
升级顾问还会已确定的那些可能会影响到升级的特性和配置变更，并提供描述每个已确定的问题和解决方法的文档链接。
identified:已确定的
When you purchase stocks, or equities, as your advisor might put it, you become a part owner of the business.
当你买入股票或者等价物，你的顾问会告诉你说你已经成为了商务的部分所有者。
business:商务
As my national security advisor, he had to deal with the British on many other issues that could be adversely affected by the visa.
作为我的英国人安全顾问，托尼需要在许多其它问题上与英国人打交道，签证问题可能会对这些问题产生不利的影响。
British:英国人
He would become an advisor on my team. On more than one occasion, his insight and his personal connection with Arafat would prove invaluable.
他成了我团队中的一个顾问，他的洞察和他与阿拉法特的私人关系曾不止一次地起了很大作用。
insight:洞察
In his memoirs, de Gaulle's advisor Foccart insisted upon the importance of maintaining deeply personal relationships with African presidents, far beyond what protocol requires.
戴高乐的顾问佛卡尔在他的论文集里强调与非洲总统维持远超过协议要求的深厚的非洲人关系的重要性。
African:非洲人
Ask how it arrived at this number and, if possible, work with your financial advisor to find a market research firm that can do an independent analysis.
要问问这一数量是如何确定的，如有可能，和你的金融顾问一起，找一家能作独立分析市场研究机构。
research:研究
Ask how it arrived at this number and, if possible, work with your financial advisor to find a market research firm that can do an independent analysis.
要问问这一数量是如何确定的，如有可能，和你的金融顾问一起，找一家能作独立分析市场分析机构。
analysis:分析
About that advisory board: We have to do something about health care costs which means that we have to find a way to start saying no.
现介绍这个咨询板：我们不得不与医疗费用打交道，也就是说我们必须找到一种开始说不的途径。
board:板
The board made its decision after its Genetic Modifications Advisory Committee (GMAC) analysed the risk factors for the experiment.
这个板在转基因顾问板（GMAC）分析了实验的风险因素之后做出了决定。
board:板
In 2006, with the review still incomplete, an independent FDA advisory panel of doctors and dentists rejected the agency's position that there is no reason for concern about the use of amalgam.
2006年，审查仍未完成，一个独立的美国食品药品食品药品监督管理局医生咨询小组和牙医拒绝接受该机构的立场，即没有理由担心汞合金的使用。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
My advisory board matters – if you mention you’re advisors too much, there’s something wrong with the team.
我的顾问板很重要——如果你过多提及你的顾问，你的团队一定有问题。
board:板
According to the BabyCenter Advisory Board, shaving is not medically necessary for birth, but “is believed to make the birth more hygienic and to lessen the risk of infection.
根据婴儿中心咨询板的材料，剃毛并不是生育环节必须的程序，但是“这被认为更卫生，可以减少感染的风险。”
Board:板
Numerous safeguards are in place to manage conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts of interest among members of WHO advisory groups and expert committees.
安排了许多保障保障措施以管理世卫组织各咨询小组和专家委员会成员的利益冲突或疑似利益冲突。
safeguards:保障措施
But that does not mean the advocacy of high moral standards should also be separated from material rewards.
但是这并不是说宣传崇高的道德标准就应该与物质奖励相分离。
advocacy:宣传
Instead, the idea of each country taking ownership is being explored, along with advocacy and immediate action to quell rumours.
反而，各个国家的所属权概念正形成，因此一道宣传和立即采取制止这种谣言传播的行动。
advocacy:宣传
Support the creation and activities of mental health service user, family and advocacy organizations.
支持精神卫生服务使用者、家属和倡导组织的建立和支持。
Support:支持
Support the creation and activities of mental health service user, family and advocacy organizations.
支持精神卫生服务使用者、家属和倡导组织的建立和创造。
creation:创造
Support the creation and activities of mental health service user, family and advocacy organizations.
宣传精神卫生服务使用者、家属和倡导组织的建立和活动。
advocacy:宣传
An “advocacy team ” of friends and relatives should be mustered to help protect the hospitalized parent; a wider“ circle of concern ” should be tapped for moral support.
要让亲友组成一个“辩护团队”，去帮助保护入院治疗的双亲；同时要有一个广泛的“关注圈”作为道义上的宣传。
advocacy:宣传
The results of the MCE support planning and advocacy for child health interventions by ministries of health in developing countries, and by national and international partners in development.
多国评价的结果宣传在发展中国家通过卫生部来计划和倡导儿童卫生干预措施，并且要依靠国家和国际发展伙伴。
advocacy:宣传
Some news organizations prohibit certain kinds of political or philanthropic activities, such as running for political office or volunteering with an advocacy group.
一些新闻机构禁止记者参加某些各种类型的政治或慈善活动，例如竞选官职或为倡导组织提供志愿服务。
kinds:各种类型
Both the strength and continued value of Snow's analysis lies in his advocacy that all societies, both rich and poor, should recognise and accept science as an important strand of their culture.
斯诺的分析的活力和仍然存在的价值在于它倡导所有社会无论贫富都应该承认并接受科学继续它们的文化的重要组成部分。
continued:继续
Both the strength and continued value of Snow's analysis lies in his advocacy that all societies, both rich and poor, should recognise and accept science as an important strand of their culture.
斯诺的分析的活力和仍然存在的承认在于它倡导所有社会无论贫富都应该承认并接受科学作为它们的文化的重要组成部分。
recognise:承认
Both the strength and continued value of Snow's analysis lies in his advocacy that all societies, both rich and poor, should recognise and accept science as an important strand of their culture.
斯诺的分析的活力和仍然存在的价值在于它倡导所有文化无论贫富都应该承认并接受科学作为它们的文化的重要组成部分。
culture:文化
Since then, the Day has become a vehicle to launch national and regional awareness and advocacy campaigns to encourage blood donation and safer practices in blood transfusion.
自那时以来，这一天已成为一个载体，启动国家和区域认识和宣传实践，以鼓励献血和更安全的输血方法。
practices:实践
On this centenary, we celebrate the significant progress that has been achieved through determined advocacy, practical action and enlightened policy making.
在这个百年百年里，我们庆祝通过坚定的宣传、讲究实际的行动和开明的决策所取得的重大进步。
centenary:百年
For those who have begun their cloud journey, this skepticism has turned into advocacy.
已经开始了云之旅行的那些人，已从怀疑转变成了拥护。
journey:旅行
For those who have begun their cloud journey, this skepticism has turned into advocacy.
已经开始了云之旅的那些人，已从怀疑转变成了宣传。
advocacy:宣传
Moreover, we should advocate a more frugal lifestyle so as to reduce the growing scale of waste pollution.
此外，我们应该提倡一种更加节俭的生活方式，以减少垃圾污染的增长规模。
reduce:减少
We advocate seeking a proper solution for these frictions and problems on the basis of equal consultation.
对待这些问题和摩擦，我们主张双方应在平等协商的基础上寻找妥善解决。
seeking:寻找
Agile methods advocate eliminating all artifacts that are not absolutely necessary to quickly produce quality code for execution on some target.
敏捷的方法提倡去除所有对于为了在辩护目标上执行而快速地生成质量代码不是绝对必要的工件。
advocate:辩护
Yet discussions between the two rival groups, under the aegis of the Egyptians, have been stuttering along for more than a year without getting anywhere.
而且在埃及支持下的两个敌对政治派别的 stuttering一路也是磕磕绊绊，持续一年有余，毫无进展。
stuttering:stuttering
Twice an omnibus bill passed the House of Representatives under the aegis of its managers, Congressmen from western States in which agricultural interests were dominant.
来自西部各州的国会议员看重农业利益，有两次混合议案在经理的庇护下通过了众议院。
managers:经理
Raytheon's AN / SPY - 1 radar transmitters and MK99 Fire Control System, both key components of the Aegis system, have been in continual production for 30 years as part of the U. S.
雷神公司AN/SPY-1雷达发射机和MK99火控系统是宙斯盾系统两个关键部件，作为美国海军宙斯盾造船项目的组件，一直持续生产了30年。
components:组件
Raytheon's AN / SPY - 1 radar transmitters and MK99 Fire Control System, both key components of the Aegis system, have been in continual production for 30 years as part of the U. S.
雷神公司AN/SPY-1雷达发射机和MK99火控系统是宙斯盾系统两个关键部件，生产美国海军宙斯盾造船项目的一部分，一直持续生产了30年。
production:生产
MTV ’s 1991 Aeon Flux cartoon morphed into a big-budget action vehicle for Charlize Theron, who took on the wiry heroine after winning her Best Actress Oscar.
由1991年MTV电视频道的同名卡通剧改编而成的动作大片《魔力女战士》（AeonFlux）让女主角查理兹·塞隆（CharlizeTheron）胜利者揽得了奥斯卡最佳影后的奖项。
winning:胜利者
MTV ’s 1991 Aeon Flux cartoon morphed into a big-budget action vehicle for Charlize Theron, who took on the wiry heroine after winning her Best Actress Oscar.
由1991年MTV电视频道的同名卡通剧改编而成的动作大片《魔力女战士》（AeonFlux）让女主角查理兹·塞隆（CharlizeTheron）成功揽得了奥斯卡最佳影后的奥斯卡。
Oscar:奥斯卡
Even Japan's second biggest retail chain, Aeon, rail companies and the nation's biggest farmers association, Japan Agriculture are getting into the business, he notes.
他指出，甚至连日本第二大连锁零售商务永旺集团、铁路公司和日本最大的农民协会“日本农业”都在涉足这一行业。
business:商务
Plagued by on -set accidents, Aeon Flux fizzled commercially, but at least the filmmakers took a stab at casting an A - list actress smack in the middle of the action.
由于拍摄成本过于高昂，这部电影在商业上注定是失败的，但至少导演敢起用一位天后级的女演员女演员动作片，这种胆识值得肯定。
actress:女演员
As night administerr, I attenuatek I can aerate my time to enabiding that night opearmament run at top ability, and at the aforementioned time help you to plan your amplification.
作为夜间服务部经理，我想我能最大限度天时用我的时间来保障宾馆夜间服务工作以最高效力运行，同时我还能赞助放大你们的业务。
amplification:放大
Result success cure 52, die 8, produce complication 4, place of group of treatment of Chinese rhubarb combination needs machinery to aerate time is apparently short at using Chinese rhubarb form.
结果成功救治52时间，死亡8时间，发生并发症4时间，大黄联合治疗组所需机械通气时间明显短于未用大黄组。
time:时间
Aerial photography can produce some very inspirational photographs that provide us a beautiful view of our surroundings from a perspective we never get the chance to see ourselves.
航空摄影可以拍出一些非常具有启发性的照片，能提供提供我们观察周围环境的美丽视角，在这种视角下，我们从来没机会看到自己。
provide:提供
Until then, only estimates were available about the extent of soil contamination through aerial surveys and above- ground radiation monitoring.
在这次调查之前，只能通过航空调查和地表辐射监测来估计土壤污染范围。
extent:范围
Until then, only estimates were available about the extent of soil contamination through aerial surveys and above- ground radiation monitoring.
在这次调查之前，只能空中航空调查和地表辐射监测来估计土壤污染程度。
aerial:空中
His team is using aerial drones designed to track tiny reflective pieces of glass that have been attached to the backs of individual locusts with a drop of glue.
他的小组使用的是“空中无人驾驶飞机”，追踪蝗虫个体后背上的一块反射玻璃。这个玻璃是用一小滴胶水粘上去的。
drones:无人驾驶飞机
His team is using aerial drones designed to track tiny reflective pieces of glass that have been attached to the backs of individual locusts with a drop of glue.
他的小组使用的是“空中雄蜂”，追踪蝗虫有后背上的一块反射玻璃。这个玻璃是用一小滴胶水粘上去的。
have:有
A rat - like rodent, this opens itself out into a sort of aerial handbag to glide silently through the forests of Borneo in the dark.
此刻，一只长相酷似老鼠的老鼠打开自己的身体，像一只悬在空中的手提袋静静地滑翔，穿过婆罗洲的丛林，消失在黑暗之中。
rat:老鼠
A rat - like rodent, this opens itself out into a sort of aerial handbag to glide silently through the forests of Borneo in the dark.
此刻，一只长相酷似老鼠的啮齿动物打开自己的身体，像一只悬在空中的手提袋静静地滑翔，空中婆罗洲的丛林，消失在黑暗之中。
aerial:空中
Aerie as the frightened little girl in the circus would be amazed at her transformation.
那些把艾黎团里位受惊吓女孩，她蜕感非常惊奇。
amazed:惊奇
When asked about her past, AERIE becomes silent for a time, obviously saddened by the memory.
当被问起她的过去过去，艾黎沉默了好一阵子，显然是为过去的回忆感到伤感。
past:过去
A man who can do stunts in an aero -- plane finds the pleasure so great that for the sake of it he is willing to risk his life.
能驾驶飞机进行特技飞行的人会从中获得极大的快乐，以至为此甘愿冒风险。
risk:风险
Women who reported drinking moderate amounts of alcohol suffered an increased risk of cancers of the breast, liver, rectum and, among current smokers, the upper aero - digestive tract.
报告中指出，酒精适量的女性患乳腺癌，肝癌，直肠癌的风险会更加，如果当中有吸烟者的话，更会增加患上上呼吸-消化道癌症的风险。
alcohol:酒精
Aero - acoustics simulations are increasingly being performed to reduce environmental noise generated by rotorcraft and fixed wing aircraft in high-lift configurations.
空气声学模拟越来越多的被用于减少由旋转翼飞机和固定翼飞机产生的环境噪音，尤其是针对那些大型飞机。
reduce:减少
By means of the share platform for meteorological scientific research data, the product of the aero - detection cloud physics dataset was applied within a certain region.
借助于“气象科研数据共享平台”，“飞机探测云物理数据数据”产品已在一定范围内得到广泛应用。
data:数据
Readers will fly alongside the Vulcan for 20 minutes before The Blades break away for aerobatics and formation flying.
刀锋特技空力学队表演特技空力学和编队空力学后刀锋特技空力学队空力学员将陪同读者与火神空力学20分钟.
aerobatics:空力学
The batteries take one hour to charge and can provide enough power for 15 minutes of autonomous aerobatics at speeds of up to 250kph and a climb rate of around 5. 3m per second.
电池可以在完成1小时的充电后，并能在航速250公里/小时的情况下提供15分钟的空力学，同时满足5.3米/秒的爬升速度。
aerobatics:空力学
Many designers prefer to use wooden spars in acrobatic aircraft because the wood will better withstand the bending loads imposed during aerobatics.
很多设计师偏好用木制桁杂技飞机，因为木头会更好地承受载荷的弯曲特技飞行期间实施。
prefer:偏好
So Betty Skelton decided to use her flight skills in aerobatics, performing difficult turns, drops, and other exercises.
因此，贝蒂斯凯尔顿决定使用她的空力学技巧，在特技空力学表演很难转弯，滴，和其他练习。
aerobatics:空力学
So Betty Skelton decided to use her flight skills in aerobatics, performing difficult turns, drops, and other exercises.
因此，贝蒂斯凯尔顿决定使用她的飞行技巧，在特技飞行表演很难轮流，滴，和其他练习。
turns:轮流
The Bayi (August 1) Aerobatics Team began rehearsals at an airport in Beijing Tuesday to prepare for air shows marking the 60th anniversary of China's PLA air force.
为庆祝我空军成立60周年，八一空力学表演队3日在北京某机场进行首次预演。
Aerobatics:空力学
The Bayi (August 1) Aerobatics Team began rehearsals at an airport in Beijing Tuesday to prepare for air shows marking the 60th anniversary of China's PLA air force.
为庆祝我空军成立60周年，八一飞行表演队3纪念日在北京某机场进行首次预演。
anniversary:纪念日
Aerobatics become easier, and its easier to slow the airplane down for a smooth landing.
特技飞行变得更加容易，它更容易慢一下飞机顺利降落。
slow:慢
Aerobatics become easier, and its easier to slow the airplane down for a smooth landing.
特技飞行变得更加容易，它更容易减缓一下飞机顺利慢。
slow:慢
As well as serving as a military training aircraft, the Yak - 152K will also be suitable for primary training and aerobatics in flying schools and clubs.
除了服役当作一种军用教练机，雅可-152K也将会是适用于空力学训练学校和俱乐部的主要训练和特技空力学。
aerobatics:空力学
At present, athletics gymnastics including athletics gymnastics, the artistic aerobatics, healthily holds, the skill, jumps the bed five movements.
目前，竞技性体操包括竞技体操、艺术体操、健美操、技巧、蹦床五项体操。
gymnastics:体操
At present, athletics gymnastics including athletics gymnastics, the artistic aerobatics, healthily holds, the skill, jumps the bed five movements.
目前，竞技性体操包括竞技体操、艺术体操、健美操、技巧、蹦床五项体操。
gymnastics:体操
Skysurfing is a type of skydiving in which the skydiver wears a board attached to his or her feet and performs surfing -style aerobatics during free - fall.
空中冲浪顾名思义，就是空中跳伞运动的一种类型，运动员脚上套上冲浪板然后在特自由落下时表演特技飞行。
type:类型
Landing in the take -off venue, do aerobatics in flying and students' single flight is prohibited without the trainers' permission;
未经起飞场教练同意，禁止起飞场原点降落、做特技空力学或放飞学员单独一人空力学；
aerobatics:空力学
Feel the thrill of flying in a world class, aerobatics competition aircraft through the Grand Canyon!
感受世界级空力学的震撼，特技飞机与战斗机在大峡谷竞飞。
aerobatics:空力学
The aerobatics of insects are truly amazing, but what enables these creatures to excel in flight beyond any human flying machines?
昆虫的空力学特技确实令人赞叹不已。可是这些昆虫在空力学方面是怎样胜过人类的空力学器的呢？
aerobatics:空力学
Jonathan can't wait to get to high speed aerobatics and pushing the envelope.
Jonathan急切地学会高速空力学特技并使之达到极限。
aerobatics:空力学
When a Parisian theatre audience found in its midst Adolphe Pégoud – one of the first pilots to display aerobatics and loops – they stopped the show until he gave them a talk on aviation!
阿道夫·佩恩在巴黎一家剧院上演空力学特技时，观众们一再打断，直至演员开始讲述自己的空力学经历。
aerobatics:空力学
The race may still be months away, but now is the time to start building your aerobic base with steady, comfortable runs – focusing on time and distance.
距离种族可能还有数月，但现在正是开始构建稳定的、充裕的有氧长跑基础的时候了，重点在于跑步的时间和距离。
race:种族
The race may still be months away, but now is the time to start building your aerobic base with steady, comfortable runs – focusing on time and distance.
距离比赛可能还有数月，但现在正是开始建筑稳定的、充裕的有氧长跑基础的时候了，重点在于跑步的时间和距离。
building:建筑
But to impact your risk of chronic conditions and to attain good health, you must perform actual aerobic exercise.
但是为了应对慢性病的风险状态和有效实现身体健康，你必须做真正的有氧运动。
risk:风险
When you use your muscles beyond what they can handle, either through aerobic exercise or weight bearing exercise, it causes your body to build new muscle tissue.
当你用你的肌肉做些有难度的使用时，不论是有氧运动还是负重运动，都会让你的身体建立新的肌肉组织。
use:使用
Walking at a very brisk pace. Jogging, running, bicycling, swimming, and rowing are all aerobic exercises.
用非常快捷的闪烁步行、慢跑、跑步、骑自行车、游泳和划船都是有氧运动。
brisk:闪烁
Walking at a very brisk pace. Jogging, running, bicycling, swimming, and rowing are all aerobic exercises.
用非常快捷的速度步行、慢跑、跑步、骑自行车、游泳和划船都是有氧划船。
rowing:划船
Aerobic exercise, such as running or cycling, is known to increase the number of mitochondria in muscle cells.
他说：“众所周知，有氧骑自行车，例如跑步或骑车，可以增加细胞内线粒体的数量。
cycling:骑自行车
After two weeks, the H .I.T. riders, with less than 20 minutes of hard effort behind them, had increased their aerobic capacity as much as riders who had pedaled leisurely for more than 10 hours.
两周以后，这些高强度间歇训练者，总共进行了不到20分钟的高强度训练，他们的有氧能量增加程度已经和那些悠闲的踏步了超过10小时的人相同了。
pedaled:踏步
Regular aerobic exercise will not only help you lose weight and improve cardiovascular health, it will also help reduce stress, boost your energy levels and instill a sense of overall well - being.
有规律的有氧运动不仅能帮你减重还能改善心血管健康，提升舒压，提升你的活力水平，并逐步在总体上获得健康的感觉。
boost:提升
Many of the sets have been created in the old aerodrome -turned- magic land that is Leavesden Studios.
很多场景都在一片由旧飞机场改造为魔法世界的机场上完成，这就是Leavesden工作室的创造。
aerodrome:机场
ALTERNATE AERODROME, An aerodrome to which an aircraft may proceed when it becomes either impossible or inadvisable to proceed to or land at the aerodrome of intended landing.
备用机场，当不可能或不适宜在预选机场着陆时，可作着陆使用的阿埃罗德鲁姆。
AERODROME:阿埃罗德鲁姆
ALTERNATE AERODROME, An aerodrome to which an aircraft may proceed when it becomes either impossible or inadvisable to proceed to or land at the aerodrome of intended landing.
备用机场，当不可能或不适宜在预选机场着陆时，可作着陆使用的机场。
aerodrome:机场
ALTERNATE AERODROME, An aerodrome to which an aircraft may proceed when it becomes either impossible or inadvisable to proceed to or land at the aerodrome of intended landing.
备用机场，当不可能或不适宜在预选机场着陆时，可作着陆使用的机场。
aerodrome:机场
This document provides minimum requirements and reference material applicable to the content, origination, publication, updating, and enhancement of aerodrome mapping information.
这份文件提供的最低要求和参考材料适用的资料，起源，出版，更新，和增强的机场映射信息。
information:资料
Discusses the successfully application of GPS position technology in aerodrome construction control network reconstruction, analyses the applied methods and advantage of the new surveyor technology.
论述GPS定位技术在机场施工控制网改建中的成功技术，分析介绍新测绘技术的技术方法及优越性。
technology:技术
Discusses the successfully application of GPS position technology in aerodrome construction control network reconstruction, analyses the applied methods and advantage of the new surveyor technology.
论述GPS定位技术在机场施工控制网改建中的成功技术，分析介绍新测绘技术的技术方法及优越性。
technology:技术
For example, an AMDB is used by a system that does not display own ship position relative to the aerodrome.
例如，使用一个例如数据库系统不显示集体所有制的相对位置的机场。
example:例如
Unless you work in an aerodynamic lab, you don't understand how much more energy it takes to push a car through the air at 75 mph than at 65 mph, but it's huge.
除非你在空气动力学实验室实验室，否则没有人知道汽车在空气的阻力下行驶时，75英里的时速比65英里要多消耗多少能量，事实是这个差距非常大。
lab:实验室
Dr Choi and Dr Park believe there are still more interesting aerodynamic tricks to be learnt from flying fish.
蔡博士及朴博士相信仍可从飞鱼身上学到更多有趣的飞行动力学技巧。
flying:飞行
Roof racks increase the car ’s weight and reduce aerodynamic efficiency, which increases the amount of fuel burnt to power the car.
行李架增加车子的重量，减少空气动力学功效，那会增加车辆燃烧的燃料量。
reduce:减少
Sure enough, they found a way to fill 50 per cent more bags using clever aerodynamic tricks with air pulses to speed up crisps on the production line.
最后，他们发现了一种更精巧地方法，利用空气的空气动力学原理来加速生产线上薯片的移动，使封装的速度提高了50%。
air:空气
But considering the development effort invested in aerodynamics, composite construction and engines it is easy to forget that tyres are still a race car ’s biggest single performance variable.
但是看着在空气动力学、复合结构以及发动机它上投入的大量研发，很容易让人忘记轮胎仍然是决定赛车性能最重要的因素。
it:它
But it wasn't until he joined the Air Force that he learned about aerodynamics and he realized he was doing science during those pan - flinging sessions.
但当他加入了空军之后事情发生了变化，他学会了航空动力学之后他意识到他在玩那些闪烁派盘的战斗时实际上是在研究科学。
flinging:闪烁
Aerodynamics are improved by means of covered wheels and a touching of glass on the body.
被包裹的轮胎和与车身紧密触摸的玻璃体现了空气动力学原理。
touching:触摸
Perhaps the most interesting change, however, was the introduction of ‘moveable aerodynamics ’, with the driver able to make limited adjustments to the front wing from the cockpit during a race.
也许最有趣的改变是“可漂移的空气动力学”的推行后，车手可以在赛道上种族时对前翼进行有限度的调整。
race:种族
Boeing's research in India will break new ground in aero structures, aerodynamics and electronic networks with a team of senior researchers, scientists and engineers.
在印度，波音公司将与资深研究人员、研究人员和工程师一起开创印度航空构造学、空气动力学以及电子网络的新天地。
researchers:研究人员
But it was a birdlike tail that really amped up the aerodynamics, dampening the drag from the body and wings, as well as boosting the lift that lags under vehicle weight and cargo load.
的确鸟儿尾巴一样的飞机尾部改善了空气动力学性能，缓解了机体和机翼的阻力，同时还大大的高了向上的力，缓释了由于飞机本身和货物重量而产生的向下的力。
up:高
But it was a birdlike tail that really amped up the aerodynamics, dampening the drag from the body and wings, as well as boosting the lift that lags under vehicle weight and cargo load.
的确鸟儿尾巴一样的飞机尾部改善了空气动力学性能，缓解了机体和机翼的拖拉，同时还大大的增加了向上的力，缓释了由于飞机本身和货物重量而产生的向下的力。
drag:拖拉
But it was a birdlike tail that really amped up the aerodynamics, dampening the drag from the body and wings, as well as boosting the lift that lags under vehicle weight and cargo load.
的确鸟儿尾巴一样的飞机尾部改善了空气动力学性能，缓解了机体和机翼的阻力，同时还大大的增加了向上的力，拖延了由于飞机本身和货物重量而产生的向下的力。
lags:拖延
But it was a birdlike tail that really amped up the aerodynamics, dampening the drag from the body and wings, as well as boosting the lift that lags under vehicle weight and cargo load.
的确鸟儿尾巴一样的飞机尾部改善了空气动力学性能，缓解了机体和机翼的阻力，同时还大大的增加了向上的力，缓释了由于飞机本身和货物负载而产生的向下的力。
load:负载
This jet's integration of stealth technology and slippery aerodynamics is faithfully expressed in its contrasting angular Positional silhouette and graceful Curvature control surfaces.
这架飞机集隐身技术和光滑的空气动力学于一身，这个特性通过它拥有鲜明折角的肖像画和优雅的表面曲率的对比忠实地表现了出来。
silhouette:肖像画
The German aeronautical pioneer, nicknamed "the flying man," died after a glider crash in August 1896.
这位德国的飞行先驱，绰号“飞人”，于1896年在一架飞行器坠毁事故中死去。
flying:飞行
Area 51 was created so that U.S. Cold Warriors with the highest security clearances could pursue cutting-edge aeronautical projects away from prying eyes.
51区创建的宗旨是使具有最高安全的美国冷战分子可以在不受窥视的情况下开发尖端的航空计划。
security:安全
The Head of WMO's Aeronautical Meteorological Division, Herbert Tuempel, says there is no reason to fear international air travel unless there is a change in the current radiological situation.
世界气象组织航空气象在那儿的负责人廷佩尔说，除非当前的辐射情况变化，否则没有必要担心国际航空出行。
there:在那儿
The Head of WMO's Aeronautical Meteorological Division, Herbert Tuempel, says there is no reason to fear international air travel unless there is a change in the current radiological situation.
世界气象组织航空气象在那儿的负责人廷佩尔说，除非当前的辐射情况变化，否则没有必要担心国际航空出行。
there:在那儿
INPROX is developing the sensors under supervision of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) under terms of a Space Act Agreement (SAA) with NASA Glenn Research Center.
根据美国中心航空航天管理局（NASA）格伦研究中心太空法案协议的条款，INPROX公司对传感器的开发接受NASA的监督。
Center:中心
The U.S. delegation to IPCC includes experts from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the State Department.
美国参与小组的代表有来自国家航空航天局(NASA)、国家海洋和大气层NOAA(NOAA)及美国国务院等部门的专家。
NOAA:NOAA
This is the usual justification for antitrust laws and such regulatory agencies as the Interstate Commerce Commission and the Civil Aeronautics Board.
这也是反托拉斯法以及美国州际贸易板、民用航空局等管制机构存在的理由。
Board:板
He or she may never have left his or her city, stepped into an aeroplane or changed address.
他（她）可以从来没有离开过自己的城市，没坐过一次飞机，没换过一次左。
left:左
Ornithocheirus boasted a wingspan of 40 feet, equivalent to that of a small aeroplane.
打开双翼的鸟掌龙有40英尺长，相当一部小型飞机的翼span。
wingspan:翼span
And the majority of men and women think both sexes are equally capable of handling challenging and traditionally male tasks, such as making a safe emergency landing in an aeroplane.
不论男女，大多数受访者认为男性和女性在应对挑战、完成传统上应由男性完成的任务时，能力相当，比如开飞机时安全男士。
men:男士
The model depicts aerosol optical thickness, a measure of the amount of light that the aerosols scatter and absorb, and a proxy for the number of particles in the air.
这个模型描述了空气的光学厚度（一个衡量光在空气里分散和吸收的物理量）以及空气代替空气分子的程度。
air:空气
To avoid damage, replace all aerosol products with their equivalents in stick or powder form.
为避免带来损坏，将所有气溶胶类产品用同等的粉末或粉状产品替代。
powder:粉末
The environment was noxious, the air full of acid and metallic aerosol particles.
湖周围的环境是有毒的，空气中充满了酸性和金属的空气微粒。
air:空气
They cannot see air molecules directly, but they are able to track aerosol particles that are tossed around by the currents.
激光无法直接探测气体分子，但可以跟踪被气流推动的空气粒子。
air:空气
M. tuberculosis in aerosol is classified by WHO as a Risk Group organism, requiring biosafety level 3 laboratory safety precautions.
气溶胶中的结核分枝杆菌被世卫组织归类为风险生物群，需要采取3级生物安全实验室安全措施。
Risk:风险
M. tuberculosis in aerosol is classified by WHO as a Risk Group organism, requiring biosafety level 3 laboratory safety precautions.
气溶胶中的结核分枝杆菌被世卫组织归类为危险生物群，需要采取3级生物安全实验室生物安全。
biosafety:生物安全
EPA primarily curbs particulate air pollution by limiting primary aerosol emissions from diesel exhaust, he notes, so "controlling particles may not be sufficient.
他指出，EPA（美国环保局）主要通过限制柴油车辆排放的初级空气来减少大气颗粒物污染，所以“控制颗粒物可能还不够。
air:空气
EPA primarily curbs particulate air pollution by limiting primary aerosol emissions from diesel exhaust, he notes, so "controlling particles may not be sufficient.
他指出，EPA（美国环保局）主要通过限制柴油车辆排放的初级排气来减少大气颗粒物污染，所以“控制颗粒物可能还不够。
exhaust:排气
A woman is more likely to hold a seat on a Fortune 500 company board (15%) serve as a member of the clergy (15%) or work as an aerospace engineer (10%) than she is to direct a Hollywood movie (7%).
相比于执导好莱坞影片（7%），一名妇女更有可能在《财富》500强公司的董事会里拥有一席之地（15%），更有可能成为一名神职人员（15%），或者更有可能担任座位工程师（10%）。
seat:座位
But it is also making a new passenger jet with help from General Electric Company and other US aerospace companies.
但是，在通用电气公司以及其他美国航空公司的帮助下，它也从事客机的制造工作。
making:制造
It was - you look at some of the television programs, there was a lot of emphasis on science and technology, on aerospace.
看一眼现在的电视节目，你就会发现一些节目非常重视关于它及宇宙航空知识的传播。
It:它
Aerospace historian Peter Merlin, who has examined this crash site and several others involving secret aircraft, said he's pieced together at least part of the cover - up story.
航天历史学家彼得·梅林仔细查看过该失事地点和其他几处秘密飞机的失事地点，他说他至少发现了掩盖经过的航空航天。
Aerospace:航空航天
The base is home to the 309th Aerospace Maintenance And Regeneration Group (309 AMARG) which carries out repairs to the craft and even gets some of them flying again.
驻守该基地的是第309家飞行维护与再生部队（309AMARG），其任务是对飞行器进行维修，他们甚至能让其中飞机起死回生。
flying:飞行
"There was some debate over whether to dynamite the large sections of wreckage, to make identification by unauthorized personnel more difficult," said independent aerospace historian Peter Merlin.
“对于是否应炸掉大片残骸区域以使未经授权的人员更加难以识别失事在那儿存在一些争议，”独立航天历史学家彼得·梅林说。
There:在那儿
"There was some debate over whether to dynamite the large sections of wreckage, to make identification by unauthorized personnel more difficult," said independent aerospace historian Peter Merlin.
“对于是否应炸掉大片残骸航空航天以使未经授权的人员更加难以识别失事地点存在一些争议，”独立航天历史学家彼得·梅林说。
aerospace:航空航天
The project's "greenliner "— depicted in design illustrations as a flying saucer — would also reduce other pollutants and noise, in line with recommendations from the European Aerospace Commission, ACARE.
项目中的“绿色飞机”在设计图中被描绘成一个飞碟，它可以减少各种污染物质和噪音，符合欧洲飞行研究顾问委员会推荐指标。
flying:飞行
It was understood that Ye was speaking in his capacity as an academic at an aerospace engineering forum at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, rather than unveiling official policy.
值得玩味的是，叶培建的上述发言是他在中国科学院航天它论坛上以学者的身份作出的，而非官方政策发布场合
It:它
They are the aesthete's choice: a non-warring blend, at last, of Catalan and Castilian elements, of Barcelona and Real Madrid – the great incompatibles of international team construction.
他们是审美家的上选：加泰罗尼亚与卡斯蒂利亚，巴萨与皇马，本是水火不容的在，却和平地融为一体。
at:在
This thesis aims to prove that Hardy is a misunderstood aesthete.
本文旨在证明哈代是一个证明误解的唯美主义者。
prove:证明
But an attitude of formalism may with equal justice be adopted toward the physical conceptual scheme, in turn, by the pure aesthete or phenomena1ist.
但是纯粹的审美家或现象主义者又可以同样正当地对物理的概念结构通过的形式主义的态度。
adopted:通过的
Every rapper in Berlin is an aesthete when compared to my son.
跟我的儿子比起来，任何一位柏林的说唱吉他手都算是言语文雅。
rapper:吉他手
As the leading aesthete, Oscar Wilde is one of the most prominent English writers at the end of 19th century, but his real success with the larger public is as a dramatist.
奥斯卡·王尔德是19世纪末叶英国重要的唯美主义戏剧家，他的最大成就是戏剧创作。
dramatist:戏剧家
It's not even up for discussion: adding a skylight to any building or home immediately ups the aesthetic value to the space.
在任何一个建筑或家庭中高一个天窗，对空间的美学价值都会立即提高这是毋庸置疑的。
up:高
It's not even up for discussion: adding a skylight to any building or home immediately ups the aesthetic value to the space.
在任何一个建筑或家庭中升值一个天窗，对空间的美学价值都会立即提高这是毋庸置疑的。
ups:升值
Aside from the aesthetic differences, the only physical difference was an additional piece of foam inside the cheaper HD555 headphones, blocking about 50% of the outside- facing vents.
撇开美学的差别，唯一的物理差别就是在较便宜的HD555耳机内部多了一块泡沫，封锁了约50%的外向通风孔。
blocking:封锁
If patients are disinclined to take a tablet they consider bitter or sour or because they simply do not like the color, then a change of aesthetics might be needed.
如果病人不愿服用他们考虑苦或酸的药片，或者他们拒绝服药的原因只是不喜欢药片的颜色，那么就非常有必要对药物进行“美学上的修饰”—换个颜色。
consider:考虑
Aesthetics, aside the real power of F#'s pattern matching is the diverse range of values and types you can pattern match over.
抛开F#模式匹配的强大功能来看，所谓的美学就是你匹配匹配一系列变化的值和类型。
matching:匹配
This era of web layouts paid little attention to semantics and web accessibility, often opting for aesthetics over good markup structure.
这个时代的网页设计还不太关注语义化和可用性方面的问题，主要还在追求良好的结构美学。
era:时代
This era of web layouts paid little attention to semantics and web accessibility, often opting for aesthetics over good markup structure.
这个时期的网页布局还不太关注语义化和可用性方面的问题，主要还在追求良好的结构美学。
layouts:布局
Further field and laboratory investigations are being performed to identify the aetiology.
正在开展进一步现场和实验室调查以查明动物学。
aetiology:动物学
The histological diagnosis of ileitis correlated with endoscopic windings in 93.5%, In addition aetiology of acute and chronic ileitis was discussed.
组织学诊断的回肠炎与内镜相关的符合率93．5％?。此外，对急、慢性回肠炎的病因学做了讨论。
correlated:相关
Methods Venous blood and terminal blood of 500 sick children were detected respectively aetiology of pneumonia in the same time with ELISA, the result of qualitative analysis was compared.
方法采用酶联免疫吸附（ELISA）法对肺炎患儿500时间标本同时进行静脉血和末梢血病原学检测，对两种方法的检测结果进行比较。
time:时间
The aetiology is multifactorial and the syndrome is frequently complicated by secondary involvement of many organ systems.
动物学是多因素和继而许多器官系统参与的常常是复杂的综合征。
aetiology:动物学
Our aim was to investigate changes in the population - based incidence of intracerebral haemorrhage according to age and likely aetiology.
我们的目的是调查以为人群基础的、依据年龄和可能的病因学的、颅内出血的发病率变化。
aim:目的
Methods Total 298 renal hypertension are recruited. We collect clinical and histological dates and analysis the aetiology and treatment of hypertension.
方法收集298例肾实质性高血压患者的临床和病理资料，分析其动物学及降压治疗状况。
aetiology:动物学
The aetiology of RSS is still unclear but it has been correlated with the degrees of gene methylation.
目前，导致RSS的动物学仍不明瞭，但近来研究显示可能与部分基因的甲基化程度有关。
aetiology:动物学
Result This example patient does not had obvious symptom before having illness coming on, the physical examination was checked and aetiology diagnoses had made by egg from excrement sample.
结果该例患者发病前无明显症状，体检检查从粪便标本中检获到虫卵，病原学诊断诊断为微小膜壳绦虫感染。
diagnoses:诊断
Paraphrase:The body can become unhealthy because of the control of pain with ignorance of its aetiology.
身体会为忽视动物学而对疾病加以控制这一行为付出巨大代价。
aetiology:动物学
And to analyse the aetiology, clinical presentation and differential diagnosis of adrenal hematoma.
分析肾上腺血肿的动物学、临床特征及鉴别诊断。
aetiology:动物学
Objective :To investigate the aetiology of constipation and evaluate the diagnostic value of defecography retrospectively.
目的：通过回顾性比较分析用排粪造影法探讨便秘动物学及临床应用价值。
aetiology:动物学
With the further investigation on the periodontitis aetiology, the importance of the subgingival microbiological detection becomes more significant.
牙周病病因学调查逐步深入，凸显出龈下微生物检测的重要性。
investigation:调查
The specific aetiology of this syndrome is unknown, and there is no single diagnostic test.
该症候群的明确动物学或特殊行为模式仍然未知，也没有单一的诊断方式。
aetiology:动物学
Neuromyelitis optica (NMO) is a severe inflammatory CNS disorder of putative autoimmune aetiology, which predominantly affects the spinal cord and optic nerves.
视神经脊髓炎（NMO）是一种严重的中枢神经CNS炎症性疾病，推测病因是自身免疫性，它主要影响到脊髓和视神经。
CNS:CNS
Neuromyelitis optica (NMO) is a severe inflammatory CNS disorder of putative autoimmune aetiology, which predominantly affects the spinal cord and optic nerves.
视神经脊髓炎（NMO）是一种严重的中枢神经系统炎症性疾病，推测动物学是自身免疫性，它主要影响到脊髓和视神经。
aetiology:动物学
They are being rolled out in workplaces, allowing employees in disparate locales to communicate more easily and letting managers supervise employees from afar.
它们在工作场所推出，使身在不同地点的员工能够更轻松地交流，并让经理在远处监管员工。
managers:经理
By the time a couple call me, however, all they focus on is the affair, which they believe is the problem.
然而，当这对夫妻咨询我时，双方情事的焦点都在这桩外遇，他们相信这就是问题所在。
affair:情事
XP considers design so important that it should be a constant affair.
XP考虑设计非常重要，因此应该是一个持续的事务。
considers:考虑
Consider it, and be sure you know what your habits are, and how they affect you.
考虑一下，明确地了解你自己的习惯，以及它们是怎样影响你的。
Consider:考虑
Here are some of the more common issues that affect people who are overweight, along with ideas on what to do.
下面是一些影响超重/超重人群的常见问题。同时，还有我们提供的帮助和对问题的想法。
overweight:超重
First of all a negative one, my friend: it would never be guilty of affectation.
首先是一个负的，我的朋友：它永远不会有矫揉造作的罪过。
negative:负
For affectation is seen, as you know, when the soul, or moving force, appears at some point other than the centre of gravity of the movement.
因为矫揉造作，正如你知道的那样，是在灵魂，或移动的力，在运动的重心之外的点上出现的时候，才出现发现的。
appears:出现
He added that while he had respect for the French habit, and that in Russia where men also kiss each other in greeting, this was not the German way and it was an affectation.
他还说，虽然他很尊重法国人的习惯，在俄罗斯男人之间问候同时也互相亲吻，但这太过矫揉造作，不是德国人该有的问候方式。
while:同时
Nevertheless, we note her nudity, which instead of covering she seems to reveal with a certain affectation.
（遮住她的脸，只看眼睛）尽管如此，我们注意到她裸露的部分，但似乎衣服盖住的部分亦流露出一种吸引力。
seems:似乎
So when you consider the damage and all the people affected we say the amount is not big.
考虑到这些损害以及所有受到影响的人民，我们考虑这个数字并不大。
consider:考虑
She says the agency has provided tents to some of the affected families. But, this is only a stopgap measure.
她说联合国难民署已经提供了帐篷提供一些受到影响的家庭，但是这只是临时的应急措施。
provided:提供
Building commitment and agreement to the strategy and its implementation with those managers and staff affected by the strategy (both business and IT).
建筑物对策略的委托及协议，并且由那些受策略（业务和IT）影响的经理和员工执行。
Building:建筑物
The horror of dying no longer affected me as it had in the crevasse.
对死亡的恐怖对我的影响不像在裂缝里时那么大了。
horror:恐怖
It makes sense to leave the ovaries if there is no risk factors or pathology at the time of surgery, especially in young women since those are the ones who seem to be most affected.
斯科西亚说，“如果在手术时没有出现风险因素或病理原因，那么保留卵巢就是合理的，尤其是那些年轻妇女，因为她们似乎是受到影响最大的人群。”
risk:风险
It makes sense to leave the ovaries if there is no risk factors or pathology at the time of surgery, especially in young women since those are the ones who seem to be most affected.
斯科西亚说，“如果在手术时没有出现危险因素或病理因素，那么保留卵巢就是合理的，尤其是那些年轻妇女，因为她们似乎是受到影响最大的人群。”
factors:因素
Cloud computing is one such wave that is affecting almost everyone in the technology and business world.
云计算就是那样的东西，几乎影响了计算和业务世界的每一个人。
computing:计算
How will that be affecting the scope and scale of your job, your department, and your division?
这将如何会影响你的工作，你的部门，和你的部门范围和规模？
department:部门
You have to consider how your personality might be affecting your judgment.
这时你就要考虑自己的个性会如何影响自己的判断。
consider:考虑
However, the main intent is to expose a problem that may be affecting many current software projects and encourage readers to work on it.
然而，主要的意图是揭示可能正在影响许多当前的软件项目的问题，并鼓励读者在这个问题上做些项目。
projects:项目
This is a critical linkage point to tie the observation of new business insights (or visibility) based on the correlation of sensor events to affecting business process change.
这是一个关键性的链接点，可基于传感器事件的相关性联系新业务可见性的观察以影响业务过程的更改。
linkage:联系
This is a critical linkage point to tie the observation of new business insights (or visibility) based on the correlation of sensor events to affecting business process change.
这是一个关键性的链接点，可基于传感器事件的相关性连接新业务可见性的观察以影响业务过程的影响。
affecting:影响
So the next time the words, "I ’m too tired" come out of your mouth as they relate to sex, think about how they are affecting your sex life overall.
下次，“我太累了”这样的话从你的口中说出的时候，如果是和性爱相关的，先联系它会对你的性生活有怎样的影响。
relate:联系
A SNP is a variation in just one nucleotide of a genetic sequence; think of it as a spelling change affecting just one letter in an uncommonly long word.
一个SNP就是只在一个基因序列的一个核苷酸中发生的变异；就像一个拼写变异只影响一个罕见的长单词中的一个字母。
variation:变异
A SNP is a variation in just one nucleotide of a genetic sequence; think of it as a spelling change affecting just one letter in an uncommonly long word.
一个SNP就是只在一个基因序列的一个核苷酸中发生的变异；就像一个拼写影响只影响一个罕见的长单词中的一个字母。
affecting:影响
But of love I know only that mixture of desire, affection, and intelligence that binds me to this or that creature.
但是说到爱情，我的理解是把我和这样或那样的生物绑在一起的欲望、爱和智慧的混合体。
love:爱
Genuine love and affection poured in from all over the country.
人们对他真切的喜爱和爱从全国各地倾泻而来。
love:爱
The special day allows people to show their love and affection for their fathers.
这个特殊的节日可以让人们向父亲表达爱和爱。
love:爱
If you have love to give, and no current takers, you can get a whole lot of affection, loyalty and kindness from a new animal in your life.
如果你要寄托自己的爱，而眼下又无人承受，你完全可以从新养的动物身上体会有生活中的种种感情，忠诚和慈爱。
have:有
If you have love to give, and no current takers, you can get a whole lot of affection, loyalty and kindness from a new animal in your life.
如果你要寄托自己的爱，而眼下又无人承受，你完全可以从新养的动物身上体会个人生活中的种种爱，忠诚和慈爱。
love:爱
From the kiss of respect to platonic kiss to a passionate kiss like you see in the movies, bringing your lips in contact with someone else's is a sign of affection that most people enjoy.
从尊重之吻到理想之吻再到热情之吻，这些吻就像你从电影中看到的，你的嘴唇与别人的嘴唇吻在一起，这是情感的象征，大多数人都很享受。
kiss:吻
From the kiss of respect to platonic kiss to a passionate kiss like you see in the movies, bringing your lips in contact with someone else's is a sign of affection that most people enjoy.
从尊重之吻到理想之吻再到热情之吻，这些吻就像你从电影中看到的，你的嘴唇与别人的嘴唇吻在一起，这是情感的象征，大多数人都很享受。
kiss:吻
From the kiss of respect to platonic kiss to a passionate kiss like you see in the movies, bringing your lips in contact with someone else's is a sign of affection that most people enjoy.
从尊重之吻到理想之吻再到热情之吻，这些吻就像你从电影中看到的，你的嘴唇与别人的嘴唇吻在一起，这是情感的象征，大多数人都很享受。
kiss:吻
The tone is jaunty and affectionate, a blend of Yes Minister and The King's Speech, fuelled by flashbacks bobbing us back through authorised history.
影片的调子是轻快且深情的，是《是，部长》和《国王的音调》的混合，倒叙的方式把我们带回到那段真实的历史。
tone:音调
A guy who is faced with an overly affectionate girl generally wants to get OUT as fast as possible.
一个男士在面对一个过度深情的女孩时，一般都会尽可能快的摆脱她。
guy:男士
Happy couples are pleased to be seen together and are often in some kind of affectionate contact — hand on hand or hand on shoulder or knee or back of neck.
幸福伴侣们总是很高兴被看到在一起，那时他们常常有一些深情的联系——手牵手，或者手搭在肩上、膝盖或颈背。
contact:联系
Mehta submitted an affidavit filed by the food and drugs administration (FDA) department which said that necessary action is being taken against the guilty under the Drugs and Megical Remedies Act.
Mehta提交了一份食品与药品食品药品监督管理局的宣誓书，其声称已依据药品与巫术法案的采取了相关措施抵制不法行为。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
Murray is not the first physician to have provided propofol to Jackson, according to the search warrant affidavit.
Murray并不是第一个提供杰克逊提供异丙酚的医生，根据搜查令宣誓证言，杰克逊管麻醉剂叫“牛奶”。
provided:提供
An arrest warrant affidavit says a man told officers he had driven Johnson and another man to the shelter.
在一份逮捕令誓言书中写道，有一男子告诉警方，他曾开车送这名女性和另一名警官去那个动物庇护中心。
officers:警官
If we affiliate, we will have a better chance to win.
如果我们加入的话，赢的机会更大。
chance:机会
I decided to monetize this site with advertising and affiliate income after researching how various successful bloggers generated income.
在我研究了各位成功创收的博客之后，我决定通过广告和附属项目来产生。
generated:产生
Sometimes the registration tracking to AA can be overwritten if you click to another affiliate, though I’ve always received both the rebate and the miles.
有时候，如果你点击了另一个联营公司的话，AA上的注册信息会重复。不过，通常我都会既收到回馈，又收到的里程奖励。
received:收到的
This capability has been around for a while, but it's gotten a lot more attention ever since the Fox affiliate in Memphis aired a story about it a couple weeks ago.
这种它出现已经有一段时间了，几周前但随着福克斯下属机构播出的一条新闻而引起了人们的广泛关注。
it:它
This capability has been around for a while, but it's gotten a lot more attention ever since the Fox affiliate in Memphis aired a story about it a couple weeks ago.
这种它出现已经有一段时间了，几周前但随着福克斯下属机构播出的一条新闻而引起了人们的广泛关注。
it:它
Make sure that there are good affiliate programs that you can promote that deal with your topic - Do a little research, there are affiliate programs on everything.
确保有一个良好的联盟计划，这样你就可以促进你所选主题的发展。做一些小小的研究，这也对你的联盟计划有益。
research:研究
The next step is to generate the report and then incorporate it as an affiliated document of the master document.
紧接着的步骤就是产生这个报告，然后将它作为主报告的附属报告与主报告合并。
report:报告
My impression was that the Nobel Prize in Literature was given to people more or less affiliated with, let’s say, socialist ideas, and that was not my case.
我的印象是，诺贝尔文学奖或多或少授予那些，这样说吧，与社会主义的印象相关联的人，而我显然不在此列。
impression:印象
RNL Bio, affiliated with the stem cell lab of Seoul National University, said the puppies were born three weeks ago and would be sent to Japan in September for training.
首尔国立大学干细胞实验室附属RNL生物科技公司说，这几只嗅癌幼狗于三周前出生，并将于九月被送往日本接受训练。
puppies:幼狗
There are also other affiliated councils, or races, some formal members of the Andromeda Council, some not, willing to help the people of planet Earth in its process of evolution.
还有其他附属议会，或种族，有些是仙女座议会的正式成员，有些不是，都愿意帮助地球人类的进化进化。
evolution:进化
Instead, be completely open about your affiliation or ownership with the business in question, and explain exactly why you’re responding to any public criticism.
相反，完全公布你与被质疑企业的附属附属或所有权附属，并解释为什么你会回应所有的公众批评。
affiliation:附属
Instead, be completely open about your affiliation or ownership with the business in question, and explain exactly why you’re responding to any public criticism.
相反，完全公布你与被质疑商务的附属关系或所有权关系，并解释为什么你会回应所有的公众批评。
business:商务
While subscription is a non- normative part of the V3 specification, it fills a key role in enabling registry affiliation.
尽管订阅是V3规范中的非规范化部分，但它在支持注册中心附属附属上起了关键作用。
affiliation:附属
They looked at religious affiliation, life satisfaction, social support and positive versus negative states of mind in 150 countries around the world.
他们关注世界上150个国家中，宗教信仰与满意度、社会援助的附属和对心灵健康的正负面影响。
affiliation:附属
The earlier version also misidentified the affiliation of the scientists whose experiment was presented at the 2010 Society for Neuroscience meeting; it is Oklahoma State University.
较早版本还误认为是2010年神经科学社会会议上提出实验的科学家的隶属附属。实际上他们是俄克拉荷马州立大学的科学家。
affiliation:附属
The first question in any distributor affiliation is how much control the supplier should exercise over the relationship.
在任何分销关系中，第一个问题就是分销商应该对该关系有多大程度的控制。
distributor:分销商
The first question in any distributor affiliation is how much control the supplier should exercise over the relationship.
在任何分销附属中，第一个问题就是供应商应该对该附属有多大程度的控制。
affiliation:附属
Fecteau, in fact, reasoned that he could never forget he was an American and an Agency man — his captors threw it in his face so often that he never lost his sense of identity and affiliation.
事实上，费克图甚至说他从来没有办法忘记他是一名美国人，一名中情局特工，因为关押他的那些人经常当面这样称他，以至于他从未失去他的身份和归属感觉。
sense:感觉
Under the new proposal, highly educated and skilled workers would receive more consideration than those with family affiliation.
根据新的提议，受过高等教育和有技能的工人将比那些有家庭关系的接受更多的考虑。
receive:接受
Under the new proposal, highly educated and skilled workers would receive more consideration than those with family affiliation.
根据新的提议，受过高等教育和有技能的工人将比那些有家庭附属的获得更多的考虑。
affiliation:附属
There are two busy threads on the sending side, and only one of them gets its affinity set.
在发送端有两个繁忙的线程，并且其中仅有一个拥有其亲和力设置。
set:设置
Those women in the West who, like Gilbert, have harvested what the early feminists fought for have almost no affinity for women like Nujood — and like me when I was a little girl.
像吉伯特这样收获了早期女性主义奋斗果实的西方女性，几乎对像诺拉蒂这样的女性没有任何亲属关系——当我小的时候，对我也一样。
affinity:亲属关系
Those women in the West who, like Gilbert, have harvested what the early feminists fought for have almost no affinity for women like Nujood — and like me when I was a little girl.
像吉伯特这样收获了早期女孩主义奋斗果实的西方女孩，几乎对像诺拉蒂这样的女孩没有任何吸引力——当我小的时候，对我也一样。
girl:女孩
Community is an investment in the cultivation and fusion of affinity, interaction, advocacy and loyalty.
社区是对于培育和融入亲和力，相互影响，宣传和忠诚的投资。
advocacy:宣传
Willbold and his colleagues concentrated on investigating the ancient Greenland rocks for isotopes of tungsten, a metal that, like gold, has an affinity for bonding with iron.
维尔博尔德和他的同事们集中研究了古代格陵兰岩石里钨的同位素，它们同黄金一样，也具有粘接铁的亲属关系。
affinity:亲属关系
Our understanding of planet formation suggested that precious metals such as gold and tungsten should have moved into Earth's iron core long ago, due to the affinity they have for bonding with iron.
我们对地球形成的理解认为如黄金和钨等贵金属在很久以前因它们与铁粘合的亲属关系而移到了地球的铁核心。
affinity:亲属关系
When it comes to working in wood, the Japanese have long shown a conspicuous affinity.
当谈及到木工它时，日本很早就表现出了引人注目的吸引力。
it:它
When it comes to working in wood, the Japanese have long shown a conspicuous affinity.
当谈及到木工工艺时，日本很早就表现出了引人注目的亲属关系。
affinity:亲属关系
This feature is referred to as client affinity and can be beneficial if a partitioned workload already exists.
该特性称为客户端亲和，且如果一个分区的工作量负载已经存在，那么该特性很有益处。
workload:工作量
To affirm is to state that it is so, and as you maintain this attitude of mind as true, regardless of all evidence to the contrary, you will receive an answer to your prayer.
确认某件事就是宣称那件事是真实的。随着你保持这种精神状态，把它当作真实的，即使现实生活中完全是相反的，你将会接受对你的祈祷的回应。
receive:接受
We neither affirm nor deny it; we simply can’t comment on it as scientists.
我们不会肯定它，也不会否定它；作为科学家我们对此没有评论。
comment:评论
After changes have occurred this same wish could be answered in the affirmative.
在做出改变之后同样的希望才可以得到肯定的回答。
wish:希望
Again, affirmative answers to these questions may indicate that the effort should be structured as a program rather than as a project.
同样的，这些问题的答案如果是肯定的，那也许暗示着项目应该以一个规划而非一个项目的形式来进行建构。
project:项目
Furthermore, fair use is an affirmative defense, meaning that you would have to prove that your use was fair after you have been sued.
更近一步说，合理使用是一种积极抗辩，这意味着证明起诉后，你需要证明你的使用是合理的。
prove:证明
Price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless MOFCOM have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping.
商务部对倾销以及由倾销造成的损害引起的肯定的初裁决定前，不得寻求或者接受价格承诺。?
caused:引起的
According to the book Affirmative Action for the Rich published by Century Foundation, alumni preferences provide an admissions advantage to the children of alumni.
世纪基金会书新书《给富人的平权行动》，书中发现，大学偏好录取自己校友的孩子。
book:书
According to the book Affirmative Action for the Rich published by Century Foundation, alumni preferences provide an admissions advantage to the children of alumni.
世纪基金会出版新书《提供富人的平权行动》，书中发现，大学偏好录取自己校友的孩子。
provide:提供
As a black conservative, he occupies a visible perch, and has not been shy in advancing tough critiques of busing and affirmative action. Sowell gets noticed.
行动一名保守党成员，他的黑人身份令他备受关注，时常处于风口浪尖；他致力于积极推进社会种族融合以及改善社会不平等，勇于面对各方强硬的批评。
action:行动
While Americans have debated the fairness of “affirmative action ” preferences for minorities in hiring and college admissions, the 1960s ’ laws opened increasing workplace opportunities for minorities.
尽管美国人就企业招聘和大学招生方面优待少数族群的“平权行动”是否公平争论不休，但是二十世纪六十年代的法律还是为少数族群开启了越来越多的就业机会。
fairness:公平
She obeyed like one in a dream, and when she could affix no more he himself tucked a bud or two into her hat, and heaped her basket with others in the prodigality of his bounty.
她依从着他，就像在睡梦里一样，她的胸前戴不下了，但是德贝维尔还是又摘了一两个玫瑰的花蕾插进她的帽子里，而且还十分慷慨大方地在她的篮子里堆了一些其它的芽。
bud:芽
As people open their hearts to this natural disaster, the world is being asked not to forget the no less destructive man-made disasters that afflict fragile states across the globe.
当人们对这一自然灾害倾心相助时，世界也不应忘记那些折磨着全球脆弱打开的、破坏性不亚于自然灾害的人为灾害。
open:打开
For he doth not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men.
因他并不甘心使人悲伤，使人忧愁。
grieve:悲伤
Any theory would have to account for the persistence of PMS over substantial evolutionary time, as it appears to afflict baboons as well [16].
任何理论都必须要理论经前综合症越过充实的进化历程长久保持的原因，因为狒狒似乎也在遭受着它的折磨。
theory:理论
Any theory would have to account for the persistence of PMS over substantial evolutionary time, as it appears to afflict baboons as well [16].
任何理论都必须要解释经前PMS越过充实的进化历程长久保持的原因，因为狒狒似乎也在遭受着它的折磨。
PMS:PMS
An increasing number of students suffer from this mysterious affliction, which is marked by a sudden, unexpected drop in enthusiasm and academic performance in a once promising student.
不断有学生痛苦这种苦恼——一个本来被认为很有前途的学生，忽然间对学业失去了热情，成绩大大下降。
suffer:痛苦
That drink wine in bowls, and anoint themselves with the chief ointments: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph.
以大碗喝酒，用上等的油抹身。却不为约瑟的悲伤担忧。
grieved:悲伤
Their equation was I = PAT, which means that environmental impact is equal to population multiplied by affluence multiplied by technology.
他们的等式是I=PAT，这代表着环境受到的影响是富足和科技装备的人们造成的。
affluence:富足
In its place, Nature was totemized as the basis of the authenticity that technology and affluence had bleached out of existence.
取而代之的，自然已被图腾化为真实性的基础。这种真实性下，它的和富裕的存在，已经被剥离。
its:它的
In its place, Nature was totemized as the basis of the authenticity that technology and affluence had bleached out of existence.
取而代之的，自然已被图腾化为真实性的基础。这种真实性下，技术和富足的存在，已经被剥离。
affluence:富足
Those projections make it easy to assume that affluence and technology inflict more harm on the environment.
这些做法很容易就得出结论：富裕以及它对环境造成了更多的坏处。
it:它
Those projections make it easy to assume that affluence and technology inflict more harm on the environment.
这些做法很容易就得出结论：富足以及科技对环境造成了更多的坏处。
affluence:富足
These trends help explain why chronic diseases, once associated with affluence, now impose their heaviest burden on poor and disadvantaged populations.
这些趋势有助于解释为什么曾经与富足相关的慢性病现在对贫穷和弱势群体造成最沉重的负担。
affluence:富足
For a long time most commercial entertainments not set in the distant past or in some science- fiction superhero fantasyland have taken place in a realm of generic ease and relative affluence.
在很长一顿过去里，大多数没有很久很久以前或者科幻小说中的超级英雄，这种商业娱乐活动呈现出舒适而且比较富裕的生活。
past:过去
For a long time most commercial entertainments not set in the distant past or in some science- fiction superhero fantasyland have taken place in a realm of generic ease and relative affluence.
在很长一顿时间里，大多数没有很久很久以前或者科幻小说中的超级英雄，这种商业娱乐活动呈现出舒适而且比较富足的生活。
affluence:富足
Rising affluence levels in countries like India and China, he said, are causing the ranks of the middle class to swell on a scale that the world has never seen.
在像印度和中国这样的国家里富足程度的提高，他说，正导致中产阶级的规模以世界前所未见的速度膨胀。
affluence:富足
Rising affluence levels in countries like India and China, he said, are causing the ranks of the middle class to swell on a scale that the world has never seen.
在像印度和中国这样的中间里富裕程度的提高，他说，正导致中产阶级的规模以世界前所未见的速度膨胀。
middle:中间
But in the U.S., affluence did not lead to indulgence and decline.
但是，在美国，富足并没有使它走向放纵与衰落。
affluence:富足
In the field of health, public policy will remain imperfect as long as access to life - saving interventions is biased in favour of affluence.
在卫生领域内，只要偏向于为富足人群提供拯救生命的干预措施，公共政策就仍然不完善。
affluence:富足
The twixters aren't lazy, the argument goes, they're reaping the fruit of decades of American affluence and social liberation.
有评论称，这些徘徊者并不懒惰，他们是在收获美国几十年来美国的富足和社会自由的果实。
affluence:富足
A country that has become accustomed to reasonably fast growth and frothy affluence will probably have to adjust to slower growth and less retail fizz.
美国人已经习惯于较为快速的增长和相当泡沫的富足，以后将可能不得不体验适应经济增长放缓，零售消费减少。
affluence:富足
Eventually, with increased affluence, developed countries gradually were better able to afford a cleaner environment.
最终，随着富足的增加，渐渐地发达国家更能提供一个较干净的环境。
affluence:富足
But if you use it to live a reasonable life and to help others, you're going to find great happiness in a moderate level of material possessions and affluence.
但如果你使用它来维持合理的生活水平并帮助他人，那么在普通的材料水平及富裕条件下，也能收获巨大的幸福。
material:材料
But if you use it to live a reasonable life and to help others, you're going to find great happiness in a moderate level of material possessions and affluence.
但如果你使用它来维持合理的生活水平并帮助他人，那么在普通的物质水平及富足条件下，也能收获巨大的幸福。
affluence:富足
Heavy viewers think that affluence is the norm, vastly exaggerating the proportion of the population with swimming pools, maids, and other luxuries.
电视迷认为富足是一种常态，因为他们过分夸大了拥有多个游泳池，众多女仆以及其他奢侈品的富人的比例。
affluence:富足
Then China became affluence quickly, and there ’re more things which were too many to manage.
紧接着，中国很快富足起来，有了很多的东西，多得都不知道该怎么办了。
affluence:富足
There is also a clear correlation between growing affluence and rising cross-border mobility, not only for education and tourism, but for immigration purposes as well.
富足水平的提高也明显带动了跨境人员流动的增加，这种流动不仅限于求学和旅游，移民也是目的之一。
affluence:富足
If the euro zone crumbles, pulling more of those people toward affluence would surely become much harder.
如果欧元区瓦解，那其成员国迈向富足将更加难上加难了。
affluence:富足
With fast - growing levels of affluence, China, already the world's biggest car market, has become attractive to the world's biggest sports car brands.
随着富足阶层快速增长,已成为全球最大汽车市场的中国,对全球最大运动汽车品牌亦变得有吸引力.
affluence:富足
But now, as a joint result of affluence and our general leaning towards introspection, it has become the norm.
但现在，在社会富足与我们普遍自省倾向的共同作用下，这已成为常事。
affluence:富足
It is in these less affluent places that gender roles, family dynamics, and community character are changing in the wake of the crash.
在这些不太富裕的地方，随着经济崩溃，性别角色、家庭动力以及社区角色都在逐渐醒来改变。
wake:醒来
Standard Chartered intends to hire about 850 relationship managers for its consumer banking business over the next 18 months, to gain a larger market share of affluent customers in Asia.
渣打银行计划在18个月内为其顾客银行业务招聘约850名客户关系经理，以求在亚洲的富裕顾客群中取得更大市场份额。
customers:顾客
An American ’s life expectancy at birth is about 78 years, which is lower than in most other affluent countries.
美国人出生时的平均期望值寿命大约是78岁，这比大多数富裕国家的国民寿命要低。
expectancy:期望值
This means that their production models for a new medicine, medical device or diagnostic device is oriented towards the most affluent, deepening inequity and blocking development.
这就意味着它们的新药物、医疗器械或诊断装置是面向最富裕的人们的，这加深了不平等并阻碍了深化。
deepening:深化
The silver that countered it was proof of a successful company, as it proved to the audience that they could afford real silver or they had a wealthy backer.
银色能够克它是源于一家成功的公司的证明，这个公司向观众证实了他们有能力提供真正的银或者有很富得靠山。
proof:证明
The silver that countered it was proof of a successful company, as it proved to the audience that they could afford real silver or they had a wealthy backer.
银色证明克它是源于一家成功的公司的证据，这个公司向观众证实了他们有能力提供真正的银或者有很富得靠山。
proved:证明
No one everyone believed that the renal dialysis technology was a unique kind of technology, and it was because of that uniqueness that we believed it was affordable.
没有人认为，肾透析它是一种独特的它，而且由于这种独特性，我们就认为它是负担得起的。
it:它
No one everyone believed that the renal dialysis technology was a unique kind of technology, and it was because of that uniqueness that we believed it was affordable.
没有人认为，肾透析它是一种独特的它，而且由于这种独特性，我们就认为它是负担得起的。
it:它
WHO considers equitable access to safe and affordable medicines as vital to the attainment of the highest possible standard of health by all.
世卫组织考虑，公平获得安全的、可负担得起的药物是实现人人可以达到的最高健康水准的关键。
considers:考虑
With simple supplies like scrap book paper and paint, you can easily convert them into chic and affordable gift boxes, flower vases or handy dispensers.
用废书刊剪报或者油漆，你可以很容易地将其转换成别致的并且负担得起的礼品盒，花瓶或简易分类罐。
paint:油漆
In the meantime, China’s middle class aspirants look at all the empty apartments, blaming the government that they can’t buy affordable housing so that they can get a job and get married.
与此同时，中国中产阶级也在关注那些空无一人的公寓，指责政府不能让他们买到负担得起的公寓，以便获得工作与结婚的机会。
apartments:公寓
Thus, we were able to discover experiences that would be killer apps five years into the future, when the magic of Moore's law would make our time machine experiences affordable.
当神奇的摩尔定律让我们的时光机变得可以负担得起的未来，我们就能够发现并开发在未来五年内极难的计算机应用程序。
future:未来
The Forestry Project will accelerate afforestation and improve management and exploitation of existing forests on 92 state forest farms in Guangdong, Heilongjiang and Sichuan Provinces.
本项目将促进广东、黑龙江和四川三省92家国营林场的造林项目，加强对现有森林的管理和开发利用。
Project:项目
The Forestry Project will accelerate afforestation and improve management and exploitation of existing forests on 92 state forest farms in Guangdong, Heilongjiang and Sichuan Provinces.
本项目将促进广东、黑龙江和四川三省92家国营林场的造林农场，加强对现有森林的管理和开发利用。
farms:农场
In response to the government call for "afforestation for ecology ", started in 1978, farmers have received financial support for tree- planting efforts.
1978年，为响应政府“造林绿化改善生态”的号召，农民开始植树造林并收到的财政补助。
received:收到的
combat land degradation and enhance coastal protection through, inter alia, intensified soil conservation, afforestation and reforestation activities;
特别通过加强土壤保持、植树造林和森林再造保护，防止土地退化，加强海岸保护；
protection:保护
The assault charge against the England midfielder have been dropped however, Gerrard still faces a charge for affray following a bar room brawl.
对于英格兰中场伤人的指控虽然不成立，但是杰拉德依旧面临对酒吧一系列由于攻击损坏的物品的做出赔偿的处罚。
assault:攻击
The crime of affray belongs to the section of crimes of endangering the order of social system.
寻衅滋事罪在刑法分则中属于分在“危害社会管理秩序罪”中。
belongs:属于
The crime of affray belongs to the section of crimes of endangering the order of social system.
寻衅滋事罪在刑法分则中危险分在“危害社会管理秩序罪”中。
endangering:危险
Instead of seeing every inconvenience or frustration as a personal affront, imagine a benign explanation.
与其把每一次困难或者沮丧的经历看到个人遭受的侮辱，倒不如设想一个善意的解释。
seeing:看到
As a coalition we need to have clear messages for the Afghan people, and those messages need to be communicated by our deeds as well as our words.
作为一只联合部队，我们需要给阿富汗人民以清楚的信息，这些信息需要通过我们的口头，以及我们的行动留言出去。
messages:留言
As a coalition we need to have clear messages for the Afghan people, and those messages need to be communicated by our deeds as well as our words.
作为一只联合部队，我们需要给阿富汗人民以清楚的信息，这些信息需要通过我们的口头，以及我们的行动留言出去。
messages:留言
Also, the Afghan culinary tradition is very tolerant in replacing meat in pilaf. You can change lamb in the meal with every kind of meat, except pork.
并且，在阿富汗的厨房传统中对于猪肉饭里猪肉类的更换是很宽容的，你可以把羊猪肉换成其它任何一种猪肉，猪猪肉除外。
pork:猪肉
AS ANY aficionado of whodunnits will know, lifting and analysing fingerprints is a tedious task.
任何悬疑小说迷都知道提取和分析指纹是件很乏味的任务。
task:任务
When growing bacterial cultures, biologists often mix cells in with nutrients in one big jar, then swirl, much like an aficionado over the latest vintage.
当作细菌培养时，生物学家通常将细胞和营养物质混合在一个大的广口瓶里，然后打旋，就像最近葡萄收获期的那些 vintage发烧友一样。
vintage:vintage
Some of the materials they used came from as far afield as Burma and the Far East.
一些他们使用的材料来自缅甸和远东这么远的地方。
materials:材料
Plenty of people came from further afield, like the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India, with a Delphic slogan: “We would rather sweat in peace than bleed in war.
许多诸如印度天主教大会主教的远道而来者，打着神谕如的标语：“我们宁愿在和平中流汗也不愿意在战争中流血”。
like:如
By then imperialists and traders had exported agriculture, cities and writing beyond the lucky latitudes as far afield as cold, rainy Britain in the northwest and hot, humid Cambodia in the southeast.
那个时候，帝国主义者和交易员输出农业，城市和书写技术，他们越过幸运纬度带，往西北到达阴冷的不列颠，往东南到达湿热的柬埔寨。
traders:交易员
Though national oil companies have forced the Western oil giants to look farther afield for new reserves, the oil prices, unlike gas prices, are supported by the state-owned firms that make up OPEC.
尽管国有的公司已经储备金西方石油巨头在更远的地域寻求新的油田，不同于天然气的价格，石油价格还是由欧佩克成员国的国有公司在支撑着。
reserves:储备金
Though national oil companies have forced the Western oil giants to look farther afield for new reserves, the oil prices, unlike gas prices, are supported by the state-owned firms that make up OPEC.
尽管气体的公司已经迫使西方石油巨头在更远的地域寻求新的油田，不同于天然气的价格，石油价格还是由欧佩克成员国的气体公司在支撑着。
gas:气体
Travellers may be going further afield next year as well – more than 23 percent said they look to buy a longer flight for the same price as one nearer to home.
明年，旅行者可能会离开家门前往更远的地方——超过23%的受访者表示，他们希望以与飞行距离更近的航班相同的价格，买更长途航班的机票。
buy:买
The night of our birth, a thunderstorm had cracked a tree in the courtyard of the new church, setting the building afire until it was no more than a charred sliver of steeple and smoking pews.
我们出生的那个晚上，雷暴劈倒了新教堂大院里的一棵树，整个建筑着了火，最后只剩下了焦焦了的尖塔裂片和冒着烟的教堂板凳。
charred:焦焦
Aflame, I tell you, with birth, aging & death, with sorrows, lamentations, pains, distresses, &despairs.
我告诉你们，燃起了生、老、死，燃起了忧、愁、悲伤、戚、惨。
sorrows:悲伤
New love, stirs the emotion, moves the soul and fires the blood setting hearts aflame.
新萌之爱，激起你的爱，触动你的灵魂，让血液着火，让两颗心燃烧。
love:爱
They defiled your sanctuary and set aflame the dwelling place of your name.
他们又纵火焚烧了你的圣殿，把你圣名的住处亵渎于地面。
dwelling:住处
Terror will seize them, pain and anguish will grip them; they will writhe like a woman in labor. They will look aghast at each other, their faces aflame.
他们必恐怖悲痛。愁苦必将他们抓住。他们疼痛，好像产难的妇人一样。彼此惊奇相看，脸如火焰。
Terror:恐怖
His contracts dried up, and to stay afloat, he used loans and credit cards, racking up $85, 000 in debt.
他的合同已经枯竭，为了生存下去，他开始使用贷款和信用卡，贷款达85000美元。
loans:贷款
Something larger is afoot, and it ’s not about science or technology.
一些大事正在进行中，而且不关于科学或者它。
it:它
Something larger is afoot, and it's not about science or technology. Rather, as human beings, we have changed how we fit the Internet into our lives.
一些大事正在进行中，而且不关于科学或者它。相反作为人类我们已经已经了我们将网络带入我们生活中的方式。
it:它
Our founders were concerned first and foremost with the potential for authoritarian tyranny, since there was a lot of that afoot in those days.
开国先贤们首先考虑到的是专制暴政的潜力，因为在当时的确有许多人正酝酿着要一手遮天。
potential:潜力
Our founders were concerned first and foremost with the potential for authoritarian tyranny, since there was a lot of that afoot in those days.
开国先贤们首先考虑到的是暴政暴政的可能性，因为在当时的确有许多人正酝酿着要一手遮天。
tyranny:暴政
Many of the activities that give us pleasure are things that we, as a species, need to survive, like the aforementioned eating and mating.
很多带给我们快乐的行为，是那些活动一种生物生存所必需的事情，比如前面提到的吃饭，和性行为。
activities:活动
While implementing this ContextMenu control, I first used the aforementioned technique and created and displayed a popup window.
当实现快捷菜单控件的期间，我首先选择了上述的创建并显示一个弹出窗口。
While:期间
The result is similar to the aforementioned pile of books: a multitude of documents on shared drives under cryptic file or folder names that are lucky ever to see the light of day.
这样所导致的结果与前面提到的将文件夹堆砌在一起的效果类似：共享驱动器上采用含混不清的文件或文件夹名称的大量文档难见天日。
folder:文件夹
Macintosh found that naphtha — a volatile, oily liquid created in the distillation the aforementioned coal tar, as well as petroleum — could be used to waterproof fabrics.
麦金托什发现，石脑油——在蒸馏前面提到的煤焦油以及石油的过程中所产生的一种易挥发的油状液体——可用于防水Macintosh。
Macintosh:Macintosh
Macintosh found that naphtha — a volatile, oily liquid created in the distillation the aforementioned coal tar, as well as petroleum — could be used to waterproof fabrics.
麦金托什发现，石脑油——在蒸馏前面提到的煤焦油以及石油的过程中所产生的一种易挥发的油状液体——可用于防水防水。
waterproof:防水
Nevertheless, trust companies are still required to clean up their previous property investment pursuant to the aforesaid new measures .“ Now
然而，根据上述新政策，信托公司仍然被要求清除以前的信任投资。 “现在，有很多信托公司申请开展房信任投资业务的牌照，但都没有获得批准，”柯卡生说。
trust:信任
Yet any jammer for the slammer would run afoul of the Communications Act of 1934, which prohibits intentional interference with radio signals.
然而如果有人在监狱实施信号干扰，就会违反1934年通过的信号法案。该法案禁止蓄意干扰无线电信号。
signals:信号
Other countries also try to help their clean energy industries, too, but not to the extent that China does — and not, so far at least, to the point of potentially running afoul of W .T.O. rules.
当然，其他国家也尝试帮助本国的清洁能源工业，但是远未达到中国这种范围——而且，至少迄今为止它们尚未违反世贸组织的相关条例。
extent:范围
Instead of trying to read minds and hitting a brick wall, you may have to take charge and risk running afoul of the suits.
与尝试揣摩心思并打不同，您可能必须负起责来并承担与主管发生冲突的风险。
hitting:打
When he tried to build two Earthship communities outside Taos, Reynolds ran afoul of building codes and lost his state and national architectural licenses (he has since gotten them back).
雷诺兹尝试在陶斯城外建筑两个地球之船社区时，违反了建筑法规，他的州和国家建筑师执照被吊销（后来恢复）。
building:建筑
It also included the entirety of CEO Andrew Mason's August memo to employees – a missive that arguably caused the daily deals company to run afoul of quiet period restrictions.
杂乱还披露了公司首席执行官安德鲁•梅森八月份发给员工的备忘录全文——这封信可以说使得这家团购公司打破了静默期的限制。
missive:杂乱
It also included the entirety of CEO Andrew Mason's August memo to employees – a missive that arguably caused the daily deals company to run afoul of quiet period restrictions.
文件还披露了公司首席执行官安德鲁•梅森八月份发给员工的备忘录全文——这封信可以说引起的这家团购公司打破了静默期的限制。
caused:引起的
If an object is needed, it is retrieved from the pool and not created afresh.
如果需要一个对象，就从池中已检索它，而不需要重新创建它。
retrieved:已检索
The mischief with us is that we have lost what we had, but have not the means of building up afresh on the European standard, with the result that our home - life has become joyless.
我们现在的症结是，我们失去了曾经拥有的，却未能按欧洲标准重新建筑，其结果是我们的家庭生活变得没有欢乐。
building:建筑
Mr Jobs is famously unsentimental, and took being forced out of Apple as an opportunity to think afresh.
赵博思先生的不感情用事是出了名的，他将被迫离开苹果公司接受一次重新思考的机会。
took:接受
Some African tribes did it as a means of taking the spirit, or part of their loved one, and incorporating it into their own being.
有一些非洲部落把它做为一种得到他们所爱的人的非洲人或一部分，并且与非洲人或这部分共生的方法。
African:非洲人
Thousands of African and other migrants have come to Israel through its desert border with Egypt over the last few years, fleeing conflict back home or searching for a better life in Israel.
在过去几年里，为了逃跑家乡战火或是打算在以色列寻求更好的生活，数千名非洲人和其他移民通过以埃边境的沙漠地带进入以色列。
fleeing:逃跑
The ape, intent on feeding, only then saw the African, started rapidly down, and as he passed the man, hit out at him, slashing away half his cheek and one eye as he did so.
而这时，只顾吃东西的大猩猩也发现了这个非洲人，它向下盯着这个人，在冲下树经过他的时候，击中了他，杀戮掉他的半边脸颊和一只眼睛。
slashing:杀戮
A silent killer lurks beneath the surface of this West African lake.
在这个西非洲湖泊的表面下潜伏一个无声的杀手。
lurks:潜伏
She also cited the 2008 race ’s significance as the first to produce a major party nomination of an African - American presidential candidate.
她还谈到了2008年总统竞选中首次提名一位非洲裔美国人作为主要政党总统候选人的重要被引用的。
cited:被引用的
And the fact that we have an African -American president who has a foreign policy style that lets other countries have their own processes is very, very well received.
而现在我们有了一位非洲裔总统，他的外交政策方式就是让其它国家决定自己的进程，这一点已经收到的别国的极好认可。
received:收到的
But the population of District Six was not African, it was largely the local “Cape Coloured ” people, mostly Afrikaans -speaking Muslims.
但是第六区居住的主要人不是非洲人，而是当地的“开普有色人种“，几乎都是讲南非荷兰语的穆斯林。
people:人
Commentary on the video in the Afrikaans language included sarcastic references to the university's policy of integrating the campus dormitories years after the end of apartheid in 1994.
录像上的参考资料用的是南非白人语言，其中语讽刺的提到了大学里的一项政策——1994年种族隔离政策结束后的几年里，大学宿舍实行（不同种族）混住。
references:参考资料
This online translator can find words in Dutch, Afrikaans, Russian, Portugese, Swedish, Japanese, Hungarian and more.
这个在线翻译器可以检索出荷兰词汇，布尔词汇，俄罗斯词汇，葡萄牙词汇，瑞典词汇，日本话，匈牙利词汇等版本。
words:词汇
This online translator can find words in Dutch, Afrikaans, Russian, Portugese, Swedish, Japanese, Hungarian and more.
这个在线翻译器可以检索出荷兰语，布尔语，俄罗斯语，葡萄牙语，瑞典语，日本词汇，匈牙利语等版本。
words:词汇
In a sense, then, Afrikaans is the ultimate repository of what Jacques Derrida, the recently deceased high priest of postmodernism, called "l'idéologie blanche ".
从已故中意义上来说，就如同最近逝世的后现代主义牧师JACQUESDERRIDA所言，布尔人是l'idéologieblanche最后的宝藏。
deceased:已故
In Vrede's most popular bar, I saw three black workers from a nearby pipeline project flirting with an Afrikaner waitress —a scene unimaginable in 1992.
在罗达镇最受欢迎的酒吧里，我看见3个在附近进行管路施工的黑人工人正与南非白人血统的女女服务员调情，这场景在1992年是不可想象的。
waitress:女服务员
Landman, 54, is in Malema's parlance a Boer, though he prefers Afrikaner, the name that South Africa's Dutch settlers gave themselves to show fealty to the African land they came to love.
兰德曼，54岁，就是马莱马所说的波尔人，虽然他本人更偏好被称为南非白人(Afrikaner)，这是南非荷兰殖民者给自己起的名称，用以向他们渐渐爱上的非洲土地表示忠诚。
prefers:偏好
Landman, 54, is in Malema's parlance a Boer, though he prefers Afrikaner, the name that South Africa's Dutch settlers gave themselves to show fealty to the African land they came to love.
兰德曼，54岁，就是马莱马所说的波尔人，虽然他本人更喜欢被称为南非白人(Afrikaner)，这是南非荷兰殖民者给自己起的名称，用以向他们渐渐爱上的非洲荷兰语表示忠诚。
Dutch:荷兰语
Landman, 54, is in Malema's parlance a Boer, though he prefers Afrikaner, the name that South Africa's Dutch settlers gave themselves to show fealty to the African land they came to love.
兰德曼，54岁，就是马莱马所说的波尔人，虽然他本人更喜欢被称为南非白人(Afrikaner)，这是南非荷兰殖民者给自己起的名称，用以向他们渐渐爱上的非洲土地表示虚伪。
fealty:虚伪
A year later, he urged his countrymen — black and white — to support their national rugby team, the sports obsession of the nation's Afrikaner population.
一年后，他让所有黑皮肤和白皮肤的农民共同支持国家足球队，因当时的球队全为南非白人队员。
countrymen:农民
It is considered one of the most African of all Afro - American religious blends.
人们考虑它是所有美国黑人宗教混合体中最具有非洲血统的。
considered:考虑
It is considered one of the most African of all Afro - American religious blends.
人们认为它是所有美国黑人宗教混合物中最具有非洲血统的。
blends:混合物
Its low sweep wing reduces drag and weight; the embedded engines sit aft of the wings.
它低水平的扫翼能够减少拖拉和重量；嵌入式引擎安置在在扫翼的尾部。
drag:拖拉
A ketch therefore uses three primary sails: the mainsail and head sail, as on a sloop, plus the mizzen sail aft.
因此，双桅主要管线船使用三面主要的主要管线：与单桅主要管线船一致的主主要管线，前主要管线，以及尾桅主要管线。
mainsail:主要管线
A ketch therefore uses three primary sails: the mainsail and head sail, as on a sloop, plus the mizzen sail aft.
因此，双米泽恩船使用三面主要的帆：与单米泽恩船一致的主帆，前帆，以及尾米泽恩。
mizzen:米泽恩
On the aft deck, the crew huddled together in rain slickers and gazed across the heaving seas to a yellow blur on the horizon.
船尾甲板上，船员纷纷披着雨衣，目光穿过波涛汹涌的海面，盯着远处地平线上浮出海洋的一个模糊的黄色物体的影子。
seas:海洋
He decided to square himself with his wife after their quarrel.
吵架之后，他决定与他的妻子言归于好。
quarrel:吵架
He's hosting the Oscars and also hosting the after - party! At his new bar! Where he'll sing!
他主持了奥斯卡奧斯卡獎礼和之后的奧斯卡獎晚宴！在他的新酒吧！他将会在那里开场！
Oscars:奧斯卡獎
In fact, this graduated into a family habit of after - dinner quizzes at the table about books read most recently and new words learned.
事实上，这一爱好渐渐变成一种家庭习惯，晚饭后大家围在餐桌旁互相测验近日所读的书以及新学的单词。
quizzes:测验
Your interests may have absolutely nothing to do with your job: most corporate jobs don’t take your passion for the arts or your after - work involvement in sports into account.
也许你的工作与你的兴趣爱毫不相干:大多数公司工作是不会把你对艺术的激情或是下班后的体育工作考虑在内。
job:工作
Your interests may have absolutely nothing to do with your job: most corporate jobs don’t take your passion for the arts or your after - work involvement in sports into account.
也许你的工作与你的兴趣爱毫不相干:大多数公司工作是不会把你对艺术的激情或是下班后的体育工作考虑在内。
jobs:工作
Your interests may have absolutely nothing to do with your job: most corporate jobs don’t take your passion for the arts or your after - work involvement in sports into account.
也许你的工作与你的兴趣爱毫不相干:大多数公司工作是不会把你对艺术的激情或是下班后的体育工作考虑在内。
work:工作
Older persons work in a paid or unpaid capacity, care for family members and friends, and carry out after - retirement work in organizations and associations.
老年人以获取报酬或者不获取报酬的方式照顾，他们照护家庭成员及朋友，在组织和协会做些退休后的照顾。
care:照顾
Older persons work in a paid or unpaid capacity, care for family members and friends, and carry out after - retirement work in organizations and associations.
老年人以获取报酬或者不获取报酬的方式工作，他们照护家庭成员及朋友，在协会和协会做些退休后的工作。
associations:协会
I may prefer the label “cautious ” to“ boring ” when applied to bankers, but neither exactly thrills me when applied to after - dinner speakers.
相比“乏味”，我可能更偏好用“谨慎”来形容银行家，但当应用在餐后演讲者身上时，这两种特质都无法令我兴奋。
prefer:偏好
It was important to establish that biodiversity was important in its own right, rather than as an after- thought to addressing climate change.
要确立生物生物多样性自身的重要地位，而不是将其视为应对气候变化的一项事后补救措施，这一点至关重要。
biodiversity:生物多样性
Egalitarianism: The tax system should try to achieve a more equal distribution of after-tax incomes.
平等主义：税收分配应该使得税后的收入达到一个更加相同的分配。
distribution:分配
1982 to 1984 I took a job working for a veterinary clinic during high school. At this Vet clinic I learned to vaccinate, medicate, assist in surgery and after care.
1982年到1984年我的高中时代去了一家兽医诊所照顾，在这家诊所我学到了免疫，药理，手术助理以及术后护理等知识。
care:照顾
He did many different jobs before. After taking care of France in the way he did it, I think you can do absolutely any other job.
在当上总统之前，他做过很多种照顾，在管理过这个国家之后，我认为他可以胜任任何类型的照顾。
care:照顾
To help pay the costs for the new baby, Santos is hoping his 10 -year-old stepdaughter will soon be able to get herself home from school and therefore won't need paid after - care service.
为了支付即将出生的宝贝的费用，桑托斯希望10岁的继女放学后可以自己回家，把宝贝放学后由人送回家的费用省下来。
baby:宝贝
After-care services aim at facilitating the ex- offenders' rehabilitation and reintegration into the society.
善后辅导的主要目的，在于便利释囚改过自新并重返社会。
facilitating:便利
She puts her love to good use by working at a after -school care centre in a local elementary school.
她把她的爱全部倾注于她在当地一所小学的校后护理中心的照顾上了。
care:照顾
Huiping loves to read, and she puts this love to good use13 by14 working in the after-school care center at her local elementary school.
惠萍热爱读书，她通过在当地一所小学的课后关怀中心照顾使自己的爱好起到了良好的作用。
care:照顾
She puts this love to good use by working in the after- school care centre at her local elementary school.
她在当地的一所小学的课后辅导中心照顾，使这个爱好得到较好的利用。
care:照顾
The respose was not caused by the effects of temperature, photosynthetic duration or pre - flowering photoperiodic after - effect but was typical photoperiodism.
这种反应属于典型的光周期效果，而不是由温度的替代作用、光合时间的改变或前期短日后效应引起的。
effect:效果
Nausea and vomit is one of the most familiar side -effect after chemotherapy, which result in the extensive appliance limiting of chemotherapy medicament.
恶心、呕吐是化疗中最常见的副作用之一，这使化疗药剂的广泛应用受到了限制。
medicament:药剂
Comparison of different methods of acupuncture stimulates Zusanli after the anti- inflammatory effect of the body.
比较不同针刺方法在刺激大鼠足三里穴位后对机体抗炎修复效应的刺激。
stimulates:刺激
While these exploding stars themselves last for mere minutes, their fading "afterglow" light remains observable with large telescopes for days or even weeks.
虽然超新星的爆发仅持续几分钟，但它们逐渐消退的“余辉”依然可以在甚至内甚至数星期内由大型望远镜观察到。
even:甚至
The address also reveals something of Jobs's humanity, something that tended to get lost in the afterglow of Apple's astonishing corporate resurgence.
这演讲亦揭示了一些乔布斯的人性，一些往往在苹果惊奇的企业复苏的馀辉中失去的东西。
astonishing:惊奇
In the daytime, in the hot mornings, these motors made a petulant, irritable sound; at night, in the still evening when the afterglow lit the water, they whined about one's ears like mosquitoes.
晚上，在炎热的上午，这些马达制造出一种不耐烦的、令人恼火的声音；夜晚，在黄昏，余晖映着湖面时，马达在耳边蚊虫般嗡嗡响着。
evening:晚上
On the home front, Newt Gingrich, basking in the afterglow of his big victory, kept up the withering personal attacks that had proved so successful in the campaign.
在国内政坛，纽特.金里奇正享受在巨大胜利带给他的喜悦中，他不断发起毁灭性的个人抨击，这种方式在大选中已证明证实是非常有效。
proved:证明
Oil fell for the first time in three days after a 2 percent surge on Tuesday and gold eased after hitting a record high, but the afterglow helped boost resource - linked shares.
油价三日来首次轻松低,周二上涨2%,金价录得历史高位后轻松软,但馀波影响仍推高资源相关类股.
eased:轻松
Alkaline earth aluminate plastic excited by high intensity light had the properties of high brightness, long afterglow time.
在高强度光的激发下，碱土铝酸盐亮度塑料辉度高，余辉时间长；
brightness:亮度
You can get a drink at plenty of places until 5 a. m. and even then there are a few after -hours places to go to.
甚至到了早上5一些地方，可以喝一杯的地方还有好多，而且喝完之后还有地方可去。
places:一些地方
You can get a drink at plenty of places until 5 a. m. and even then there are a few after -hours places to go to.
甚至到了早上5然后，可以喝一杯的地方还有好多，而且喝完之后还有地方可去。
then:然后
You can get a drink at plenty of places until 5 a. m. and even then there are a few after -hours places to go to.
甚至到了早上5一些地方，可以喝一杯的地方还有好多，而且喝完之后还有地方可去。
places:一些地方
After the initial shock of Mr. Jobs ’s letter sent Apple’s stock sharply lower in after -hours trading on Wednesday, investors were a little calmer on Thursday.
在乔博斯公开这初始不久，苹果的股价在周三工作日之后猛跌，投资商周四稍事冷静。
initial:初始
In our first contact with a set of propositions, we commence by appreciating their importance. That is what we all do in after - life.
当我们第一次接触某一组论点时，我们应先评断它们的重要，这也是我们所有人在后半生都要做的。
importance:重要
Are the souls of the dead aware of their after -earthly-life condition?
死人的灵魂能意识到死后的条件吗？
condition:条件
NEWBORN boy was airlifted by helicopter to Paisley after life - threatening complications set in following his birth at a rural hospital.
一个新生纽伯恩被直升飞机空运到佩斯利，因为他在乡村医院出生，但并发症威胁他的小生命。
NEWBORN:纽伯恩
NEWBORN boy was airlifted by helicopter to Paisley after life - threatening complications set in following his birth at a rural hospital.
一个新生婴儿威胁直升飞机空运到佩斯利，因为他在乡村医院出生，但并发症威胁他的小生命。
threatening:威胁
Metaphysics is a popular field of science, which explores concepts such as healing, death and the afterlife, the spirit world, tarot, meditation, astrology and the supernatural.
玄学是一个流行的科学科学，它所探索的概念有：康复、死亡和来世、精神世界、塔罗纸牌（算命用）、沉思默想、占星术和其他不可思议的现象等。
science:科学
Are the two mummified fetuses found in his tomb King Tutankhamun's own prematurely born children, or tokens of purity to accompany him into the afterlife?
陵墓中陪葬的两具木乃伊化的胎儿是图坦卡蒙亲生的早产儿，还是仅仅代表了某种纯洁的托克，以伴随他前往来世呢？
tokens:托克
Grave goods, including this plump- legged vessel, served the needs of the dead, letting ancestors perform afterlife ceremonies.
包括这只粗腿容器在内的随葬品应坟墓的需要让先祖举行来世的仪式。
Grave:坟墓
Most people prefer aftermarket headlights due to the higher visibility it produces at night.
大多数人更偏好售后前灯由于较高的知名度它产生在晚上。
prefer:偏好
As always, these elements are priced competitively to capture the aftermarket business.
一如往常，这些阿斯价格优势捕获售后市场业务。
As:阿斯
"But unlike the aftermath of those blasts, there were no ambulance sirens," he says. All Athar could hear was the sound of a car racing through the empty, quiet streets.
但不像往常那些爆炸后的后果，没有任何救护车的声音，他说，阿萨所能听到的只是一辆救护车穿过寂静无人的街道时的声音。
ambulance:救护车
It was, in some respects, for me anyway, it was harder than the immediate aftermath of 911, because 911 felt like an discrim event, like there was an attack, we recovered, there was a response.
就我个人而言，在某些方面，它比911后果还要严重，因为911像个能够辨别分析的后果，出现了一次袭击，我们恢复过来，我们有应对措施。
aftermath:后果
It was, in some respects, for me anyway, it was harder than the immediate aftermath of 911, because 911 felt like an discrim event, like there was an attack, we recovered, there was a response.
就我个人而言，在某些方面，它比911后果还要严重，因为911像个能够辨别分析的答复，出现了一次袭击，我们恢复过来，我们有应对措施。
response:答复
But, depending on the aftermath of the storm, that could be part of a new emergency - response normal – at least so long as the sting of Katrina remains.
但是，由于风暴带来的后果，这将可能成为新的应急反应的一个常规部分——至少只要“卡特里娜”带来的阵痛没视乎忘记前。
depending:视乎
What: This summer, the United States battled the aftermath of the largest offshore oil spill in the nation's history, and so did China.
事件：今年夏天，美国正努力与有史以来最严重的近海原油污染所带来的后果作战斗，中国也是如此。
battled:战斗
What: This summer, the United States battled the aftermath of the largest offshore oil spill in the nation's history, and so did China.
后果：今年夏天，美国正努力与有史以来最严重的近海原油污染所带来的后果作斗争，中国也是如此。
aftermath:后果
“Then we should go to the movies this afternoon, ” Mom smiled.
“那我们今天下午应该去看电影，”妈妈笑着说。
Mom:妈妈
My guidebook recommends afternoon tea at the Wedgewood, which happens to be where I'm staying.
我的导游书介绍最好在威基伍花布茶下午茶，而我正好住在那里。
tea:茶
Normally I do not finish working until afternoon tea, but yesterday I was all done and dusted after lunch.
通常我要到茶下午茶以后才干完工作，可昨天我午饭后就干完了。
tea:茶
In recent months, it reduced the hours of its free cafeteria service and suspended the traditional afternoon tea in its New York office.
最近数月，谷歌在纽约的部门减少了免费咖啡馆服务时间，暂停了传统的下午茶点服务。
cafeteria:咖啡馆
In fact, afternoon tea is more than just a drink – sometimes it's a complete meal.
事实上，下午茶对于英国人来说，远远不止是一种茶，有时候那便是一顿完整的餐饭。
tea:茶
The Bentonville, Ark., retailer is also placing in its Chongqing stores a customer complaint counter and'Customer Afternoon Tea Sessions' to promote customer feedback, the statement said.
声明说，沃尔玛还将在重庆门店设立顾客投诉台并组织“顾客下午茶”反馈，以鼓励顾客提供反馈。
feedback:反馈
Product range, reliable quality, our company for all three packs of products and good after-sales service.
产品种类齐全，质量可靠，本公司对所有产品实行三包和产品的售后服务。
Product:产品
Product range, reliable quality, our company for all three packs of products and good after-sales service.
产品种类齐全，质量可靠，本公司对所有产品实行三包和产品的售后服务。
products:产品
At the same time we work in peacetime accumulated certain experience, you can provide our customers with excellent after-sales service and technical services.
同时我们在平时的服务中积累了一定的经验，可以为我们的客户提供良好的售后服务以及技术服务。
service:服务
At the same time we work in peacetime accumulated certain experience, you can provide our customers with excellent after-sales service and technical services.
同时我们在平时的服务中积累了一定的经验，可以为我们的客户提供良好的售后服务以及技术服务。
services:服务
With abundant capital and rich experience for the majority of customers to provide high- quality products and good after-sales service.
凭借雄厚的资金和丰富的行业经验，为广大顾客提供了优质的产品和产品的售后服务。
products:产品
The after-school Islamic study group that bin Laden joined was initially offered to exceptional students with the promise of earning extra credit.
本拉登参加的课外伊斯兰学习小组最开始也只面向希望挣钱更多学分的优秀生开放。
earning:挣钱
If my son didn't have an after-school activity every day of the week, he'd sit around eating junk and playing video games.
这周，如果我儿子每天没有课后游戏，他就只会坐在那里吃着垃圾食品来打游戏。
games:游戏
While school funding is ring- fenced, many after - school activities are funded by local authority area -based grants which are already being targeted for cuts.
当学校的资金不能被动期间，很多由当地政府按区域拨款的课外活动已经成为削减的目标。
While:期间
After that the child has to be manoeuvred into the best school, homework needs to be closely supervised and there is a lot of ferrying around for after- school activities.
你要想法最好的让孩子在最好的学校学习，要监督他们做作业，要安排各种课外活动。
best:最好的
Academia High School should abolish its after- school performing - arts programs and replace them with computer - technology programs.
Academia高中应该废止其课外表演艺术课程而应该以计算机它的课程取而代之。
its:它的
Recipients of the Coming Up Taller Awards, the nation ’s honor for after- school arts and humanities programs for underserved children, receive $10,000 each.
每个获奖项目均将接受1万美元的奖金。这一全国性奖项的宗旨是鼓励为条件困难的学生提供课外人文艺术活动项目。
receive:接受
After - Shave lotion is established in 1992, our factory is specialized in producing shaving foam, shaving cream, After - shave Lotion, shaver and so on.
台州市路桥区皇家日化厂-剃须泡沫-剃须霜-须后露-剃须刀套装-组合剃须刀。
foam:泡沫
A man and a little boy entered a barbershop together. After the man received the full treatment - shave, shampoo, manicure, haircut, etc. - he placed the boy in the chair.
一个男人和一个小男孩一起走进一个理发店。在收到的全套服务---刮脸、洗头、修剪、理发等后，他把男孩放在椅子上。
received:收到的
In addition to smelling good, aftershave helps keep the skin smooth and in good condition, a concern for men who shave every day.
除了宜人的气味，须后水还有助于保持皮肤光滑和处于良好条件，对每天剃须的男士们的一种关爱。
condition:条件
In all cases, aftershave should be applied with cotton pads so that the oils on your fingers do not disturb the skin of your face.
任何情况下，都该将须后水滴到棉棒上再使用，这样你手指上的油才不会污染你脸上的皮肤。
oils:油
To make your own bay rum aftershave, you can soak two to four cups of bay leaves in enough rum to cover them.
配制你自己的月桂香味须后海湾，就用足够的朗姆酒浸泡二至四杯的月桂叶子。
bay:海湾
To make your own bay rum aftershave, you can soak two to four cups of bay leaves in enough rum to cover them.
配制你自己的月桂香味须后海湾，就用足够的朗姆酒浸泡二至四杯的月桂叶子。
bay:海湾
Men with very dry skin should add a moisturizer after using aftershave, or purchase a product which contains moisturizer.
皮肤特别干燥的男士应该在使用须后水后再用点儿润肤霜，或买那些包含润肤成分的产品。
contains:包含
Igor showed off his new purchases - a black cowboy hat, a fake Armani jacket, Gillette Mach 3 razors and a bottle of aftershave with an English logo, "Love Affairs ".
伊戈尔显示了一下他刚刚购买的几件东西——一顶黑色的牛仔帽、一件仿冒的阿玛尼夹克、一把吉列锋速3剃须刀、一瓶印有英文标识“风流韵事” （LoveAffairs）的刮胡膏。
showed:显示
A store keeper in Mianyang City, south of Qingchuan, said his store creaked in the aftershock and everyone fled.
青川南部的绵阳市一位店主说他的小店在余震的时候发出吱吱嘎嘎的皱皱眉头，大家都跑出去了。
creaked:皱皱眉头
A store keeper in Mianyang City, south of Qingchuan, said his store creaked in the aftershock and everyone fled.
青川南部的绵阳市一位店主说他的小店在余震的时候发出吱吱嘎嘎的响声，大家都逃离了。
fled:逃离
This time also allows you to feel the effects of the back bends more clearly and absorb the after- taste of these postures.
在这段时间里，你可以可以去感受后弯让感觉更加清晰，并且回味这些体式。
feel:感觉
It often needs storage of ten years or more to transform the the tea to be elegant in fragrance, rich in flavor and enduring in after -taste, thus greatly enhance the value of appreciation.
不过，当这些生普洱存放到某一段年期之后，其香气及味道亦随之变换，变得甘香醇厚，欣赏价值大幅提升。
transform:变换
It was found that the title compound added to tobacco was pyrolyzed to produce 2,5 -dimethylpyrazine and methyl pyrazine in tobacco smoke, giving cigarettes better after-taste and aroma.
卷烟香烟分析结果表明，加入到卷烟中的目标化合物能在卷烟燃吸时发生裂解反应，向卷烟香烟释放2，5二甲基吡嗪和一甲基吡嗪等吡嗪类致香成分。
cigarettes:香烟
This study prove the method that the granules can be directly -pressed after powder taste - mask coating by fluid- bed, and it is suitable for producing the orally dissolving tablets.
本研究证明，流化床粉末包衣掩味后压片的它适合于制备日腔速溶片。
it:它
Sweetmeats area has all sorts of cake, flummery, ice cream a few kinds, suit to eat to taste taste bud is pacified after the barbecue of full- bodied Xian Xiang most;
甜食区有各种蛋糕、布丁、雪糕几十种，最适合吃完味道浓郁咸香的烤肉后安抚味蕾；
Sweetmeats:甜食
Attribute it to changing fortunes or the bitter aftertaste of spilled oil, our architectural sights have now shifted to a more socially, environmentally conscious agenda.
财富的被转移，石油泄漏等大事件，让建筑师们开始在更关心社会和环境的角度思考建筑，看待建筑。
shifted:被转移
Last year ’s lending surge threatens a repeat, which would leave a sour aftertaste after the relative outperformance of China’s banks during the crisis.
去年的借贷危机似乎遭到了复制，这可能在金融危机又会为中国的银行带来不好的影响。
crisis:危机
Heartburn and breathlessness are pregnancy symptoms usually mentioned in passing as an afterthought.
事后想来，胃部灼热和呼吸困难是怀孕过程中经常被提到的心灼伤。
Heartburn:心灼伤
However, the fact that offline access is an afterthought and not an intrinsic component of Google’s solution tells you where offline and local syncing rank on the company ’s priority list.
然而，事实上，离线访问只是其事后的想法，并非谷歌解决方案的原生组成部分，离线和本地同步在该公司的优先级列表中的位置高低一目了然。
component:组成部分
Companies — and the government — must devote substantially more resources to security, making it integral to every new application, rather than patching it on as an afterthought.
公司以及政府必须投入更多的资源于安全上，将安全贯穿于每一个新的应用，而不是事后再做些修补。
patching:修补
As an afterthought I add as a courtesy, “I think you had better come with me.
过后我又礼貌地加了一句：“我觉得你还是跟着我比较更好。”
better:更好
Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.
耶稣回答回答，我所去的地方，你现在不能跟我去。后来却要跟我去。
answered:回答
Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.
耶稣回答说，我所跟进的地方，你现在不能跟我跟进。后来却要跟我跟进。
follow:跟进
Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.
耶稣回答说，我所跟进的地方，你现在不能跟我跟进。后来却要跟我跟进。
follow:跟进
"Afterwards, he invited me to come see his home movies of the trip," he recalls, "so right after Christmas I flew up to Providence, Rhode Island, where he teaches at Brown University.
他说：“随后，他邀请我看了家里拍摄的那次美国飞翔的电影。圣诞节一过，我就飞去罗得岛州，也就是他在布朗大学教书的地方。
flew:飞翔
He afterwards gathered the books and hurled them on the fire.
哈里顿随后就把这些书收集起来全闪烁到火里。
hurled:闪烁
The book also has a peculiar and fascinating afterword by Kerr himself, which provides some insight into what drove him to his solution.
这本书还有克尔本人所撰写的独特而吸引人的编后记, 提供我们提供了是哪些因素导致他得出他的结论.
provides:提供
Thomas Jefferson once said that if he had had more time he could have written shorter letters, "writes Clinton, whose afterword helps make the trade paperback even longer, 969 pages.
托马斯·杰斐逊曾经说过，如果时间充足的话，他的信会写得更短些。” 但是《我的生活》的普及做平装版却因为后记而更长了，有969页。
make:做
In the book's afterword, the prolific Judge Richard Posner takes on some of Friedman's arguments.
在本书的跋中，书甚丰的法官理查德·珀斯诺尔对弗里德曼的一些观点提出挑战。
book:书
Agape as political love means that unconditional, egalitarian love for one's neighbour can serve as the foundation for a new order.
神对世人的阿加佩作为政治之阿加佩时意味着对于邻里的无条件的，平等的阿加佩可以作为一个新秩序的基础。
Agape:阿加佩
One day, his wife came in to the kitchen to find her hubby drawing hundreds of alien -like faces with mouths agape.
一天，他的妻子来了厨房，发现丈夫画了数百张大张着嘴好似外星人的面孔。
came:来了
Agape is God's love and God is defined as love, and that involves what I call in the chapter in the first volume, "the divine bestow ".
阿加比是上帝的阿加佩，上帝就是阿加佩的化身，这牵扯到我在第一部的,一章里所说的“神圣的赐予
Agape:阿加佩
King believed that his Hindu predecessor's tactic of active non - cooperation to combat injustice perfectly complemented Jesus' unconditional command to love thy neighbor as thyself, "agape.
马丁认为这位印度先驱用积极的不合作运动来战斗不公正的策略完美地补充了耶稣所说的无条件地爱众人，即最圣洁的爱。
combat:战斗
King believed that his Hindu predecessor's tactic of active non - cooperation to combat injustice perfectly complemented Jesus' unconditional command to love thy neighbor as thyself, "agape.
马丁认为这位印度先驱用积极的不合作运动来对抗不公正的策略完美地补充了耶稣所说的无条件地阿加佩众人，即最圣洁的阿加佩。
agape:阿加佩
They are one of only three known shark species that filter feed, as baleen whales do, swimming slowly through plankton -rich water, maws agape.
人类已知只有三种鲨鱼是过滤取食的，鲸鲨就是其中一种。取食的时候，它们就像长须鲸一样大张着母牛，缓慢地游过长满了浮游生物的水域。
maws:母牛
If you become one, it's not because of anything you do, it's because of God's grace. God's grace is out flowing from his agape, here is bestow of love.
要是你成为罪人，不是因为你做了什么，而是因为上帝的慈悲，上帝的慈悲,来自于他的阿加比，这里就是阿加佩的赐予。
agape:阿加佩
AGAPE This is love without tension: it is calm and not frantic.
情AGAPE这种AGAPE没有紧张感：它平静怡然而非疯狂过激。
AGAPE:AGAPE
Whenever you do something good for an undeserving person, you are acting on the power of agape.
每当你善待一个不配的人，便是靠著神的阿加佩所赋予的能力行事。
agape:阿加佩
In his thoughts, there is still another per foliate motif —"Agape", he considered "agape" as "impossible possibility" and the ultimate dream of human beings as meaning pursuers.
在尼布尔的思想中，还有一个贯穿始终的主题“阿加佩”，这种“阿加佩”被视之为“不可能之可能性”，是人作为意义追求者的终极理想。
Agape:阿加佩
In his thoughts, there is still another per foliate motif —"Agape", he considered "agape" as "impossible possibility" and the ultimate dream of human beings as meaning pursuers.
在尼布尔的思想中，还有一个贯穿始终的主题“阿加佩”，这种“阿加佩”被视之为“不可能之可能性”，是人作为意义追求者的终极理想。
agape:阿加佩
Bamboo ’s the most common material, but they are also be made of various types of wood, as well as plastic, porcelain, animal bone, ivory, metal, coral, agate, and jade.
竹子是最常见的材料，但它们也可以用各种各样的竹，以及塑料，瓷器，动物的骨头，象牙，金属，珊瑚，玛瑙，玉器等做成。
Bamboo:竹
Bamboo ’s the most common material, but they are also be made of various types of wood, as well as plastic, porcelain, animal bone, ivory, metal, coral, agate, and jade.
竹子是最常见的材料，但它们也可以用各种各样的木材，以及塑料，瓷器，动物的骨头，象牙，是，珊瑚，玛瑙，玉器等做成。
be:是
Since agate is porous, it is usually dyed to enhance its natural color.
由于玛瑙是多孔的，它通常是染色，以提高其自然的染色。
dyed:染色
Syria was thy merchant by reason of the multitude of the wares of thy making: they occupied in thy fairs with emeralds, purple, and broidered work, and fine linen, and coral, and agate.
亚兰人因你的被占领很多，就作你的客商。他们用绿宝石，紫色布绣货，细麻布，珊瑚，红宝石兑换你的货物。
occupied:被占领
Further south, next is the day of Pinghu, a national secondary tourist destination, is fast building, if Taishan College is a fairy, then the days of Pinghu is narrow in its head hanging ribbon agate.
再向南，紧挨着的就是天平湖，是国家二级旅游圣地，正在快速建筑中，如果说泰山学院是一位仙子的话，那么狭长的天平湖就是挂在其头上的玛瑙飘带。
building:建筑
Piaget applied the technique of making thin timepieces into new designs; he was the first watchmaker to use precious stones like coral, pearl and agate in watch - making.
皮亚杰把制造薄型表的技术运用到新产品中；他还是首先将珊瑚石、珍珠、玛瑙等珍宝用于钟表制造的人。
making:制造
Piaget applied the technique of making thin timepieces into new designs; he was the first watchmaker to use precious stones like coral, pearl and agate in watch - making.
皮亚杰把制造薄型表的技术运用到新产品中；他还是首先将珊瑚石、珍珠、玛瑙等珍宝用于钟表制造的人。
making:制造
Thankfully in this day and age we can use cards to buy pretty much everything and can almost do without coins.
幸运的是在这个时代，我们几乎可以用信用卡买一切，几乎可以做到无硬币消费了。
buy:买
These regulations do not relate to children under the age of twelve.
这些规例不适用于十二岁以下儿童。
regulations:规例
But most of the victims in Mexico, the center of the outbreak where 48 people with swine flu have died, have been adults aged 20 to 49 with no known complicating factors.
但是在有48人因猪流感而死亡的爆发地——墨西哥，大部分的受害者，都是20到49岁的成年人，他们的死亡因素并没有什么复杂的因素。
factors:因素
Though we have always known that bones change over time, until now, the extent to which it causes an aged appearance was not appreciated.
尽管早已知道骨骼会随时间发生变化，可直到如今我们才开始重视其对面部老化的作用范围。
extent:范围
Men in older age groups were also more broody, with 27 per cent of single guys aged 35 to 44 wanted to have children. But the figure was just 16 per cent for women.
年龄更大一些的男人们们也比女人更想要小孩：年龄在35岁到44岁之间的单身男人们中有27%想要小孩，而同年龄段的女人只有16%想要小孩。
guys:男人们
Everyone read the two volumes of her memoirs published in her lifetime, but she died in poverty aged 38, with only Jack at her side.
丽蒂茜娅在世时读了两卷回忆录，读者众多，可她38岁去世时贫困潦倒，身边只有杰克陪伴。
read:读
People 18 to 29 are the most mobile age group, and their past migration patterns have defined the future of regions.
18-29岁的年轻人是流动性最高的年龄人物，他们过去的迁移模式决定了许多地区的未来发展。
People:人物
The age group that saw the fastest growth in social network use between 2008 and 2010 was the 55 to 64 crowd, according to a new survey from Pew Research, Newsweek reported.
据美国《新闻周刊》报道，皮尤研究中心最新研究显示，2008年到2010年间，社交网络的用户中数量增长最快的年龄群体是55岁到64岁之间的中老年人。
Research:研究
Overall infection rate is low, but high among people in their 20s - the most economically productive age group.
总体感染率较低，但在20多岁这一最具经济活力年龄组别人人的感染率较高。
people:人
Workers in that age group are less likely to be laid off, but those who do lose their jobs tend to be out of work far longer than younger workers.
年龄达到五十五岁的人一般不会照顾雇主裁掉，但这些人一旦失去了工作，他们再获取工作的可能性就远远小于比他们年轻的求职者。
tend:照顾
This probably works best for people in my age group where not all my friend have driver’s licences yet, so someone is always chauffeuring everyone around and taking something in return.
这方法估计对我这一年龄层的人来说最有用，因为我的很多朋友都还没有驾照，所以常常朋友就去当回车夫，然后就可以大大享用一顿。
friend:朋友
This probably works best for people in my age group where not all my friend have driver’s licences yet, so someone is always chauffeuring everyone around and taking something in return.
这方法估计对我这一年龄层的人来说最有用，因为我的很多朋友都还没有驾照，所以常常有就去当回车夫，然后就可以大大享用一顿。
have:有
The ageing process for some groups of people with disabilities begins earlier than usual.
老龄化过程在某些残疾人人中开始的时间要早于常人。
people:人
The test gives an indication of ageing within population groups, but does not accurately measure the life expectancy of an individual, because of natural differences in telomere length.
这项测试给出了关于人群组的老化的印证，但是却没有因染色体端粒的自然差异，确切的测量出一个人的期望值寿命。
expectancy:期望值
The test gives an indication of ageing within population groups, but does not accurately measure the life expectancy of an individual, because of natural differences in telomere length.
这项测试给出了关于人群组的老化的印证，但是却没有个人染色体端粒的自然差异，确切的测量出一个人的预期寿命。
individual:个人
The test gives an indication of ageing within population groups, but does not accurately measure the life expectancy of an individual, because of natural differences in telomere length.
这项测试给出了关于人群组的老化的印证，但是却没有因染色体泰罗米尔的自然差异，确切的测量出一个人的预期寿命。
telomere:泰罗米尔
But 26% of those asked said they had experienced ageism. This was not just the retired, but also those who were not working or who were not married.
26%的被访者表示自己经历过老年年龄主义，这不仅仅局限于是否已退休，工作状况和婚姻状况同样是导致年龄主义的因素。
ageism:年龄主义
The analysis found that people in the south-east of England were more likely to have experienced ageism.
分析还发现，居住在英格兰东南部的人们更容易遇到老年年龄主义的问题。
ageism:年龄主义
A new survey compiled for the University of Kent and the charity Age Concern showed ageism was rife in Britain where people, on average, see youth as ending at 49 and old age beginning at 65.
一份为肯特大学和“老年问题”慈善机构进行的调查显示英国普遍存在对老年人的年龄主义。在英国人们普遍认为到49岁就不再年轻了，而65岁是步入老年的标志。
ageism:年龄主义
Safer sex practices may not come so easily for them, yet the prominence and style of these articles underscores the sexual ageism that pervades our society.
安全的性生活也许对他们来说不是很容易接受，而这些论文的重点和文风更是加重了我们这个社会的性别年龄年龄主义问题。
ageism:年龄主义
Others scolded me for engaging in "ageism" given that I had used an image that glorifies the beauty of a young woman.
其他人则认定我用的一张图片宣扬了年轻女性的美丽，从而指责我涉嫌年龄年龄主义。
ageism:年龄主义
Because of ageism, Mr. Dishman says, many retailers aren’t ready to make space for such products and many companies don’t even want to develop them.
迪什曼先生说，因为市场上的年龄年龄主义，所以许多零售商都不愿意经营这类产品，许多公司甚至都不愿意开发这类产品。
ageism:年龄主义
More determinedly, a careful study in Australia confirmed that the effect wasn't simply racism or ageism in disguise.
更决然的是，在澳大利亚的一项很细致的研究证明这种结果不是单纯的在伪装下的种族年龄主义或是对老年人的年龄主义。
ageism:年龄主义
An updated wardrobe, newer hairstyle, or current cultural references could hedge against ageism, or they could make you look silly.
日益更新的衣柜、最新的发型或者是当前的流行文化都可以让你跨越年龄年龄主义的障碍，但是也可能会让你看起来很傻。
ageism:年龄主义
When faced with sexism, or ageism, or lookism, or even really aggressive Buddhism, ask yourself the following question: ‘Is this person in between me and what I want to do?’
当你在工作场所遇到性别性别主义、年龄性别主义、以貌取人的状况，甚至是极端佛教徒时，你不妨问自己这样一个问题：‘这家伙会妨碍我工作吗？’
sexism:性别主义
When faced with sexism, or ageism, or lookism, or even really aggressive Buddhism, ask yourself the following question: ‘Is this person in between me and what I want to do?’
当你在工作场所遇到性别年龄主义、年龄年龄主义、以貌取人的状况，甚至是极端佛教徒时，你不妨问自己这样一个问题：‘这家伙会妨碍我工作吗？’
ageism:年龄主义
We let her move in because we wanted to make a statement about ageism in America.
为了将美国老人受年龄主义的现象公诸于世，我们让她搬进来。
ageism:年龄主义
Margaret Morganroth Gullette, a scholar at the Women’s Studies Research Center at Brandeis University, is the author of “Agewise: Fighting the New Ageism in America .”
玛格丽特·摩根鲁斯·吉丽特，布兰代斯大学女性学习研究中心学者，《年龄的奥秘：与美国新的年龄年龄主义作战》的作者。
Ageism:年龄主义
Because of ageism, Mr. Dishman says, many retailers aren’t ready to make space for such products and many companies don ’t even want to develop them.
由于年龄年龄主义的关系，Dishman先生说，很多零售商根本不愿意把这种产品摆在货架上，许多公司也根本不愿意开发这样的产品。
ageism:年龄主义
I call ageism!" said a user with the screen name "thembithembi ."
年龄年龄主义吧？”一个网名叫做thembithembi的网友说。
ageism:年龄主义
Not only is there a call to action in the fight against ageism and elder abuse, but strategic planning and invigorated policy is long overdue.
不仅有没有在打击虐待长者年龄年龄主义和打击行动的呼吁，但战略规划和搞活政策是早就应该进行。
ageism:年龄主义
Note to the thought police: I realize that to not be "sexist" or "ageism ", I should not have chosen a teaser image of a beautiful young woman.
给思想警察的注释：我认识到不该成为性别年龄主义者或者年龄年龄主义者，我不应该选择年轻美女的配图。
ageism:年龄主义
Middle-aged workers are turning to face -lifts to compete with younger colleagues in what experts say is an increasingly ageism workplace.
在专家称为日益年龄年龄主义的职场中，中年就业者纷纷进行脸部拉皮，以便和年轻同事竞争。
ageism:年龄主义
A cruel fact should not be ignored, that he was now over 50, the United States of America do exist implicit ageism, middle-aged people again obtain employment situation is grim.
一个很残忍的事实不容忽视，那就是他已50开外，美国确实存在隐性的年龄年龄主义，中年人再就业的形势很严峻。
ageism:年龄主义
Interviewer: You've mentioned ageism as a growing concern but what other kinds of diversity should managers be aware of?
主持：你刚才提到了年龄年龄主义，那还有没有其他多元化方面的风险，是企业管理人员需要注意的呢？
ageism:年龄主义
HIV stigma within gay communities is expressed through social exclusion, ageism, rejection, violence, and discrimination based on physical appearance.
HIV在同性恋社区的年龄主义，是通过社交排斥，年龄年龄主义，抛弃，暴力以及根据外貌为基础的年龄主义表现的。
ageism:年龄主义
Jackson consciously tried to turn himself into an indeterminate mix of human types, into a sort of ageless arch-person, blending black and white, male and female, adult and child.
杰克逊有意将自己变成不同类型的混合，一个没有年龄界限的超人，融合黑与白、男和女、成人与儿童。
mix:混合
During such a shift, the biology went from a state of ageless unity and honor to one of dishonor or aging, disease and deformity.
在这样一个改变期间，生物体从不老的统一尊重的统一进入了一个无尊重或老化死亡及残疾的统一。
unity:统一
If any film can rival the World Cup in terms of anticipation by a global legion of fans, it is the new, third installment in the romance of teenager Bella and her beloved, ageless vampire, Edward.
如果可以媲美任何电影方面的预料由全球球迷军团的世界杯，这是新的，在小将贝拉和她的爱人，不老的吸血鬼爱德华的浪漫第三批。
anticipation:预料
Year - zero face is a term for the ageless visage created with fillers, Botox, chemical peels, and the like.
Year-zeroface （岁月无痕脸）指通过填充剂、肉毒杆菌、化学换肤等方式打造出来的让人看不出实际年龄的完美面孔。
visage:面孔
For one thing, many companies here set an upper age limit for fresh graduate hires; at 26, many consider him too old to apply.
有一件事是很多公司都设定了较高的年龄限制为了减少刚毕业大学生的雇佣；对于26岁，很多人考虑他太老以致不能投简历。
consider:考虑
It seems like the producers really want a 15 -year-old to go far to justify lowering the age limit, though, and I think they think they’ve found it in Thia.
但是她只有15岁，我认为她应该再老几年来展示她的才华，但是看起来制作人似乎很想让一个15岁的走得更远以展示没有年龄限制，他们任何Thia来证明是最合适不老了。
old:老
The age limit is intended to guarantee that not only past work is rewarded. The Fields Medal is also intended to encourage the winners to make further contributions.
年龄限制是为了保证菲尔兹奖不仅是对科学家过去成就的奖牌，还在于鼓励获奖者继续努力，做出更大的贡献。
Medal:奖牌
The age limit is intended to guarantee that not only past work is rewarded. The Fields Medal is also intended to encourage the winners to make further contributions.
年龄限制是为了保证菲尔兹奖不仅是对科学家过去成就的奖励，还在于更进一步获奖者继续努力，做出更大的贡献。
further:更进一步
The age limit is intended to guarantee that not only past work is rewarded. The Fields Medal is also intended to encourage the winners to make further contributions.
年龄限制是为了保证菲尔兹奖不仅是对科学家过去成就的奖励，还在于鼓励获奖者继续捐款，做出更大的贡献。
contributions:捐款
But after going to the adoption agency and meeting the family that would be raising her baby, she became more comfortable with it.
但是去了收养机构，与那个将抚养她宝贝的家庭见面之后，她对于这个决定心里更好受了一点。
baby:宝贝
But about half of the gross debt in Japan consists of debts that one government agency owes to another, debts that in fact cancel each other out.
不过在日本，总债务中的大约一半左右由政府机构之间的债务组成，这些债务实际上会彼此抵消。
debt:债务
But about half of the gross debt in Japan consists of debts that one government agency owes to another, debts that in fact cancel each other out.
不过在日本，总债务中的大约一半左右由政府机构之间的债务组成，这些债务实际上会彼此抵消。
debts:债务
But about half of the gross debt in Japan consists of debts that one government agency owes to another, debts that in fact cancel each other out.
不过在日本，总债务中的大约一半左右由政府机构之间的债务组成，这些债务实际上会彼此抵消。
debts:债务
Before he accepts and attends daily or weekly meetings, he understands the agenda and goal of the meeting and how they mesh with his current intent.
在他接受并参加每日或每周的会议之前，他会了解会议的日程和意图，以及他们如何能接受他当前的意图。
intent:意图
I made sure each of them felt like his or her project was important on my agenda.
我使他们每个人都确信在我的日程项目事项中他（她）的项目是重要的。
project:项目
If you make us your agent in China, we will try our best to push and publicize your products.
如果指定我们做你们在中国的代理的话，我们将会最好的推销和宣传你方产品。
best:最好的
The novelist and agent gave me their impressions of the device and how it will, if at all, change the way readers consume books.
小说家和代理人给出了他们对这个设备的印象，谈论了它，如果可能，对读者在书籍上的消费方式的影响。
impressions:印象
Jason Calacanis, an entrepreneur and noted agent provocateur, recently argued that there is a simple solution to the woes of both Microsoft and big media companies.
近期，著名的密探和企业家—贾森·卡拉坎尼斯已注意到，应对微软和巨大媒体公司共同对手的方法很简单。
noted:已注意到
The Ming dynasty, finding series, was ordered to chase nine agent provocateur order "ghost king seven steal ".
明朝刑部，大内密探龙龙九，系列追捕「鬼王七盗」。
series:系列
It is no ground for the exercise of discretion to exclude that the evidence was obtained as a result of the activities of an agent provocateur.
证据是由挑拨者的行为获得的，并非行使酌情权剔除的理由。
obtained:获得的
Only a fraction of the clinics restrict services to children over 16 - the legal age of consent.
仅有以上学校将咨询年龄限制在16岁（英国性行为最低法定年龄）以上。
over:以上
A second conclusion concerns the age- old maxim never to deploy a force without giving it a clear military mission.
第二个结论与那句古老的箴言有关：在分配清晰的军事任务给军事之前，绝不要将军事部署出去。
military:军事
But even the default of an agglomeration of smaller countries would end any hope of an open international economy and inaugurate an age of financial nationalism.
不过，即使是中小打开的集中违约，也将彻底终结建立开放式国际经济的希望，并拉开金融民族主义时代的序幕。
open:打开
Deeper integration will boost intra- industry trade within global and regional production networks, encourage agglomeration economies, reduce costs and increase international competitiveness.
深化一体化提升推进全球和区域生产网络内的产业内贸易，鼓励发展聚集经济，降低成本，提升国际竞争力。
boost:提升
He retains a tight control, but is quick to point out that WPP is an amorphous agglomeration of 12 different companies.
他紧紧保留着WPP ，又很快指出它确是12个公司松散地抱团组成。
retains:保留
The sinter process directly influence the output and the quality of the agglomeration, so as to the smelting.
烧结过程的好坏直接影响到烧结块的输出和质量，从而影响到高炉的熔炼。
output:输出
The king sought to aggrandize himself at the expense of his people.
国王以牺牲百姓为开支来扩大自己的权势。
expense:开支
An enterprise shall not aggrandize itself at the expense of environment.
企业不应以环境为开支增强自身的实力。
expense:开支
The varied instruments of trade and commerce banded together into galaxy - spanning organizations meant to aggrandize their profits.
各式各样的商贸机构结成延伸全银河的组织以扩大利润。
spanning:延伸
In developing countries, nuclear technology has often been viewed as a passport to the first world and to the bureaucratic self aggrandizement of the nuclear establishment.
在发展中国家，核技术常常被被看通向发达国家以及核机构的官僚自我吹捧的一个通行证。
viewed:被看
Accordingly, the place that in Macao such economic standard precedes relatively, aggrandizement floor of high end should be put in larger market space and development latent capacity in.
因此，在澳门这样的经济地板相对领先的地方，中高端的强化地板应该存在较大的市场空间和发展潜力。
floor:地板
Accordingly, the place that in Macao such economic standard precedes relatively, aggrandizement floor of high end should be put in larger market space and development latent capacity in.
因此，在澳门这样的经济高相对领先的地方，中高端的强化地板应该存在较大的市场空间和发展潜力。
high:高
It is necessary to allow the litigants to sign a litigation contract to some extent because of the limitation lies in judgment and the aggrandizement of litigant's procedure subjective position.
审判局限性的存在，以及强化诉讼人程序主体地位的理念，使得民事诉讼在一定范围内允许诉讼人订立诉讼契约成为必要。
litigants:诉讼人
It is necessary to allow the litigants to sign a litigation contract to some extent because of the limitation lies in judgment and the aggrandizement of litigant's procedure subjective position.
审判局限性的存在，以及强化诉讼官程序主体地位的理念，使得民事诉讼在一定范围内允许诉讼官订立诉讼契约成为必要。
litigant:诉讼官
Living room carpet chooses the technology with adornment more powerful sex commonly abb piece blanket will dot talk region, with aggrandizement space area and emotional appeal.
起居室地毯一般选用装饰性较强的工艺羊毛块毯来装饰会谈区，以强化空间区域和情调。
adornment:装饰
The price of beaverboard of upriver resource high density of aggrandizement floor is steep add, go up record of big creation history.
强化地板的上游资源高密度纤维板价格陡增，夸大之大创造历史纪录。
aggrandizement:夸大
The price of beaverboard of upriver resource high density of aggrandizement floor is steep add, go up record of big creation history.
强化地板的上游资源高密度纤维板价格陡增，高之大创造历史纪录。
up:高
The customer that hesitates between the floor is turned not less in solid Mu Hejiang, chose aggrandizement floor board finally below price pressure.
不少在实木和强化地板之间犹豫的顾客，在价格压力下最终选择了强化地板。
customer:顾客
In addition, subsidies that encourage the production of marketed goods at the expense of other ecosystem services can aggravate their degradation.
此外，鼓励以其他生态系统服务为开支进行商品生产的补贴会加重环境的退化。
expense:开支
If you manage to aggravate someone accidentally, or even if you suspect that you might have, make sure you apologise.
如果你无意间激怒怀疑或觉得冒犯了怀疑，一定要道歉。这一点都不费事，并能使你免除一场暴力对抗。
suspect:怀疑
If you manage to aggravate someone accidentally, or even if you suspect that you might have, make sure you apologise.
如果你无意间激怒有或觉得冒犯了有，一定要道歉。这一点都不费事，并能使你免除一场暴力对抗。
have:有
Last week as he began his trip to Africa, Pope Benedict angered many AIDS activists when he rejected the use of condoms to fight the disease, saying condoms aggravate the problem.
本笃十六世上星期开始非洲之行之际激怒了许多艾滋病使用人士。教皇拒绝承认使用避孕套可以防止艾滋病，说避孕套加剧了艾滋病的问题。
use:使用
That could aggravate one of continental Europe's big problems: workers who flit between jobs and are unable to plan their future, start a family or buy a house because of constant uncertainty.
那可能加剧欧洲大陆的一大问题恶化：由于经常出现的不确定性，没有固定职位的员工不能为未来做好规划，建立家庭或买住宅。
buy:买
Neither the development of inter- Korean relations nor the country's reunification can be expected when both sides remain hostile toward each other and the military tension is aggravated.
如果朝鲜半岛双方依旧彼此敌视，加剧军事冲突。那么我们既不能发展朝鲜半岛双方的关系，也不能实现重新统一。
reunification:重新统一
William Case, a physical therapist in Houston, Texas, said an aggravated neck or shoulder can lead to upper back problems, meaning pain may then be felt while working at a computer or playing sports.
德克萨斯州休斯敦的治疗治疗师威廉姆·凯斯说，颈部和肩膀问题的加重会影响到上背部，也就是说，坐在电脑前工作及进行体育运动时可能会感到上背部疼痛。
therapist:治疗师
William Case, a physical therapist in Houston, Texas, said an aggravated neck or shoulder can lead to upper back problems, meaning pain may then be felt while working at a computer or playing sports.
德克萨斯州休斯敦的治疗专家威廉姆·凯斯说，颈部和肩膀问题的加重会影响到上背部，也就是说，坐在电脑前工作及进行体育运动同时可能会感到上背部疼痛。
while:同时
Some modules and submodules collect data from run time entities, while the others aggregate the data over the run time entities.
一些模块和子模块是从运行时实体数据数据的，另一些聚集来自这些运行时实体的数据。
data:数据
Some modules and submodules collect data from run time entities, while the others aggregate the data over the run time entities.
一些模块和子模块是从运行同时实体收集数据的，另一些聚集来自这些运行同时实体的数据。
while:同时
Some modules and submodules collect data from run time entities, while the others aggregate the data over the run time entities.
一些模块和子模块是从运行时实体数据数据的，另一些聚集来自这些运行时实体的数据。
data:数据
The response of the WSRP producer to this request is an HTML fragment that the consumer (typically a portal) can aggregate into a full document, such as a portal page.
WSRP生产者对这个请求的响应是HTML片段，消费者（通常是门户）可以将其聚合成一个完整的文档，例如门户页面。
consumer:消费者
Unlike straightforward extract and load operations, transformation is the most complicated piece, as there is a need to understand, convert, aggregate, and calculate data.
与直接的提取和加载操作不同，转换是最复杂的片子。因为在此过程中需要对数据进行理解、转换、聚集和计算。
piece:片子
Because their systems are not integrated, most enterprises lack the ability to effectively aggregate data, and therefore, must implement lots of costly custom code to satisfy business requirements.
由于系统没有集成，大多数企业缺乏有效地聚合数据的能力，因此必须实现许多代价昂贵的自定义代码来满足业务缺乏。
lack:缺乏
Because their systems are not integrated, most enterprises lack the ability to effectively aggregate data, and therefore, must implement lots of costly custom code to satisfy business requirements.
由于系统没有集成，大多数商务缺乏有效地聚合数据的能力，因此必须实现许多代价昂贵的自定义代码来满足业务需求。
business:商务
Before completion, it outputs aggregate data for the individual end points, as well as summary information for all monitored endpoints.
在终点运行之前，它输出各个端点的聚合数据以及监视的所有端点的汇总信息。
endpoints:终点
This aggregate function will provide the current row number as BIRT processes each data row.
当BIRT处理每个数据排列时，这个聚合函数将提供当前排列数。
row:排列
This aggregate function will provide the current row number as BIRT processes each data row.
当BIRT处理每个数据排列时，这个聚合函数将提供当前排列数。
row:排列
After determining the active page, the portal uses the layout of the page to aggregate the content of the defined applications, to place the output, and to integrate everything into a complete page.
在确定使用的页面后，门户使用该页面的布局来聚集被定义的应用程序的内容、放置输出并把所有的东西集成到一个完整的页面。
uses:使用
After determining the active page, the portal uses the layout of the page to aggregate the content of the defined applications, to place the output, and to integrate everything into a complete page.
在确定活动的页面后，门户使用该页面的布局来聚集定义定义的应用程序的内容、放置输出并把所有的东西集成到一个完整的页面。
defined:定义
After determining the active page, the portal uses the layout of the page to aggregate the content of the defined applications, to place the output, and to integrate everything into a complete page.
在确定活动的页面后，门户应用该页面的布局来聚集被定义的应用程序的内容、放置输出并把所有的东西集成到一个完整的页面。
applications:应用
The dashboards (Figure 1) can display data at both the individual instance level and the aggregate level, and offer sophisticated dimensional analysis.
仪表板（1號1）可同时在各个实例级别和聚合级别显示数据，提供复杂的多维分析。
1:1號
They represent an aggregate state of a set of database objects, in our case, nicknames or servers.
在我们的例子中，这些指示器表示数据库对象（如别名或服务器）设置的聚合状态。
set:设置
The emotional body is very sensitive to fear, to anger and aggression and to all strong sentiments which easily pull you out of your center.
情绪身体对于恐惧，愤怒，侵犯以及其它所有强烈恐惧都很敏感，而这些很容易将你拉离你的中心。
fear:恐惧
The emotional body is very sensitive to fear, to anger and aggression and to all strong sentiments which easily pull you out of your center.
情绪身体对于恐惧，愤怒，侵犯以及其它所有强烈愤怒都很敏感，而这些很容易将你拉离你的中心。
anger:愤怒
In the study, volunteers viewed photos of faces of men who had previously had their aggressive behaviour analysed.
这项研究要求志愿者观察以前进行过攻击性行为分析志愿人员的脸部照片。
volunteers:志愿人员
The company ’s information security team detected the attack almost immediately, and took aggressive actions to protect all systems and data.
该公司的信息安全团队几乎立即发现了攻击，并采取积极的攻击来保护所有系统和数据。
attack:攻击
Cheney told the Iraqi leaders with whom he met that they must be aggressive in seeking solutions to these matters.
切尼在访问期间对他所会晤的伊拉克领导人表示，他们必须积极寻找解决这些问题。
seeking:寻找
"I went on a cycling trip around Copenhagen with a friend visiting from London recently, and she was terrified by the mass of cyclists and the aggressive way they behaved ," said Hadju.
“最近，我和一个从伦敦来参观我的朋友进行了一个环哥本哈根的自行车旅行，她被大量的骑自行车的人和他们攻击性的行为吓到了，”豪伊杜说道。
visiting:参观
"I went on a cycling trip around Copenhagen with a friend visiting from London recently, and she was terrified by the mass of cyclists and the aggressive way they behaved ," said Hadju.
“最近，我和一个从伦敦来拜访我的朋友进行了一个环哥本哈根的自行车旅行，她被大量的骑自行车的人和他们攻击性的行为惊恐到了，”豪伊杜说道。
terrified:惊恐
This aggressive type of humor is used to criticize and manipulate others through teasing, sarcasm and ridicule.
这种好斗型讽刺主要是通过戏弄、讽刺和嘲笑来批评和操纵他人。
sarcasm:讽刺
Another beneficial outcome the authors entertain sees humanity triumph over a more powerful alien aggressor, or even being saved by a second group of ETs.
创作人考虑的另一个有利的结果就是目睹人类获胜于更强大的外星侵略者，或是甚至被又一个第二群ET保存。
saved:保存
The agreement came in the lead-up to last week's forum in Moscow, "The Arctic — Territory of Dialogue ," and was seen as part of Russia's push to shed its image as the Arctic aggressor.
这个和议是上周在莫斯科举行的名为“北极，对话的领土”的论坛促成的，也被认为是俄罗斯极力摆脱北极侵略者称号的部分努力。
Territory:领土
That booming trade prompted Australia to reconsider its stance towards China, previously seen as a communist aggressor.
这次贸易繁荣促使澳大利亚重新考虑其面对中国的立场，他们以前把中国发出的共产主义侵略者。
prompted:发出的
But this initiative backfired when some aggrieved players used the information to track down and reveal personal details about him.
但是此举的效果事与愿违，一些愤愤不平的玩家利用这些详情进行追踪，公开了他个人的详细详情。
details:详情
The Dutch international had every right to feel aggrieved for being dismissed having attempted a shot barely one second after being flagged and whistled up for offside.
荷兰是拥有一切理由对于被罚下场感到愤愤不平，因为他只是几乎在越位举旗与哨响后同时射门，却被罚下场。
being:是
The Dutch international had every right to feel aggrieved for being dismissed having attempted a shot barely one second after being flagged and whistled up for offside.
荷兰是拥有一切理由对于被罚下场感到愤愤不平，因为他只是几乎在越位举旗与哨响后同时射门，却被罚下场。
being:是
It could open the door for other aggrieved trading nations to eventually seek legal redress at the World Trade Organization.
世贸组织将向受不公平贸易侵害的打开敞开大门。
open:打开
There's already plenty of aggro being generated over the Buy American clause in the US stimulus plan: this new decision could be explosive.
美国经济刺激方案中的“买美国货”条款已经引起了诸多争议：而欧盟的这一新决定可能产生爆炸性的后果。
Buy:买
Shield Toss: Throws shield at a target dealing 2000 damage and stuns the target for 6s. Not main aggro.
盾牌投球：向目标投球盾牌，造成2000点伤害，晕眩目标6秒钟，非主要攻击。
Toss:投球
Yells on aggro: Come, friends. Your bodies gonna feed ma hatchlings, and your souls are going to feed me with power!
来吧，朋友。你的尸体将会成为我幼崽的食物，而你的朋友，则会成为我力量的来源！
friends:朋友
Yells on aggro: Come, friends. Your bodies gonna feed ma hatchlings, and your souls are going to feed me with power!
来吧，朋友。你的尸体将会成为我幼崽的饲料，而你的灵魂，则会成为我力量的来源！
feed:饲料
Yells on aggro: Come, friends. Your bodies gonna feed ma hatchlings, and your souls are going to feed me with power!
来吧，朋友。你的尸体将会成为我幼崽的饲料，而你的灵魂，则会成为我力量的来源！
feed:饲料
The whole life of the person come down be destine and meekly tolerate insult negative heavy, be want continuously of with desire aggro, particularly man, ever smoke cigarette of man!
人一生下来就是注定要忍辱负重，就是要不断的与欲望抗争，尤其是男人，曾经香烟的男人！
cigarette:香烟
Call Whelps: Every 30 seconds during stage two, Glothrok the Vile will cause one group of three whelps to become aggro and charge a single target.
召唤幼兽：在第二阶段中每30秒，戈洛挲克就会召唤出一群幼兽充当目标。
charge:充当
Database mavens will no doubt be aghast at this apparent retrograde into mainframe history.
数据库马文斯无疑会惊骇于这种向大型机历史的明显倒退。
mavens:马文斯
This is just one example of how you can keep your teams agile while still maintaining necessary governance.
这只是当您仍然维持必要的管理同时，如何能够使您的小组保持敏捷的一个例子。
while:同时
If you are already practicing Agile, or in the process of adopting a few practices, what rhythms are present?
如果你已经在实施敏捷，或者正在采用一些实践，那你目前的项目中有哪些现在呢？
present:现在
In mouse studies, people just count the number of dead animals without asking which deaths might be unrelated to aging, he said.
他表示：在鼠类研究中，人们仅仅清点已死动物的计数，而不会去分析哪些死亡与衰老无关。
count:计数
Before you see the plastic surgeon, before you plunk down half a paycheck on that pricey anti- aging cream, in fact, before you do anything, put on sunscreen.
在你去看整形外科医生之前，在你花掉一半薪水在昂贵的抗衰老霜上之前，事实上，在你采取一切行动之前，先涂上防晒霜。
surgeon:外科医生
While this loss of stature is attributed partially to shrinking bones and the other physiological effects of aging, some researchers say this is no coincidence at all.
虽然身高缩小的部分原因是衰老所产生的骨骼收缩以及其他生理现象，但一些研究人员说这绝非巧合。
shrinking:缩小
We need to further reduce our ratio of public debt to GDP to give us the flexibility to meet the demands of our aging population.
我们需要进一步减少公债占国内生产总值的比率，亦带来更多的灵活性，来满足人口老龄化的要求。
reduce:减少
The study findings were published recently in both the Journal of Gerontology: Psychological Sciences and Psychology and Aging.
这项研究发现最近刊登在老年病学期刊《心理心理学》和《心理学和老龄化》上。
Psychology:心理学
Then, with the handle either still attached or removed, the ball becomes a plaything that users can roll, kick and have fun with to agitate the clothing within.
滚至水源那么，可以取下手柄，也可以不取下手柄。这种洗衣机变成可以滚，可以踢的球，同时也可以嬉戏着搅动衣物。
Then:那么
In the meantime, people like Allen Frances will agitate for the number of diagnoses and their scope to be reduced.
届时，像艾伦·福朗瑟斯一样的人们将会因书中诊断词条的数量和减少余地而忧虑。
reduced:减少
The lack of co -ordination on the part of these hikers, particularly after being forewarned, indicates an intent to agitate and create publicity regarding international policies on Iran.
这几个旅行者拒绝合作，对他们的预告不起作用，因此他们有可能故意这么做，为的是制造国际社会对于伊朗的公众舆论。
forewarned:预告
It has a calming effect on agitated people, or people obsessed with one particular thing, which in this case is committing suicide.
蓝色对于情绪激动的人或执意要做某事的人具有镇静的作用，具体到我们的事情就是自杀。
thing:事情
Shrapnel cracks the windshield of a van parked nearby, and the shopkeepers, quietly watching from a distance until now, become agitated for the first time.
爆炸的弹片击碎了停在附近的卡车的挡风玻璃，于是直到刚才都一直静静地在远处监视这一切的店主们头一回表现出几分焦虑。
watching:监视
I shall not be at peace ,' moaned Catherine, recalled to a sense of physical weakness by the violent, unequal throbbing of her heart, which beat visibly and audibly under this excess of agitation.
“我不会得到安息的，”凯瑟琳哀哭着，感到她身体的衰弱，因为在这场过度的激动下，她的心猛烈地、不规则地跳动着，甚至跳得能感觉出来。
sense:感觉
We often heard that someone were broken down for over- work, but as a matter of fact, it's almost caused by the torture of agitation or worrying.
我们常常听人说，人们某人工作过度而垮下来，但是实际上十有八九是某人为饱受担忧或焦虑的折磨。
someone:某人
We often heard that someone were broken down for over- work, but as a matter of fact, it's almost caused by the torture of agitation or worrying.
我们常常听人说，人们因工作过度而垮下来，但是实际上十有八九是因为饱受物质或焦虑的折磨。
matter:物质
Did the judge feel it impossible to release my client on her own recognizance because of the gravity of the charges and the risk of public agitation?
难道法官认为我的当事人支付她自己的保证金都不能得到释放是因为该项指控的严重性和公众不安情绪的风险吗？
risk:风险
So before coming to Canada, there were the years of angst, agitation, and excitement -- all that I grew up with, being formative elements, shaping one ’s perspective, if you like.
因此，去加拿大之前的那些年里，忧虑、不安和激动一直裹挟着我，诚如你说的，与之成长的这一切因素，塑造人的视角。
angst:忧虑
Symptoms of a mixed state often include agitation, trouble sleeping, significant change in appetite, psychosis, and suicidal thinking.
混合态的症状常常包括焦躁激越，睡眠麻烦，食欲上的重大改变，精神病以及自杀想法。
trouble:麻烦
Symptoms of a mixed state often include agitation, trouble sleeping, significant change in appetite, psychosis, and suicidal thinking.
混合态的症状常常包括焦躁激越，睡着困难，食欲上的重大改变，精神病以及自杀想法。
sleeping:睡着
The experiment shows that the adsorption and the electric potential measure are influenced by the magnetic field produced by the electromagnetic agitator.
实验结果表明，电磁搅拌器所产生的磁场对氟的吸附及电极电位测定均有一定的受影响。
influenced:受影响
Of all the misconceptions about her work, the one that riles Gordimer the most is that, while writing under apartheid, she felt obliged to use her fiction for liberal agitprop.
在所有对她作品误解中最让戈迪墨恼火的是每当写种族隔离的主题同时，她都被认为在帮自由主义做宣传。
while:同时
Seemingly, every glorious, brilliant star in the heavens was caught up in the glittering, snow - frosted branches of their beloved pine, and it was aglow with heavenly candles.
那挂满雪和霜的松树闪烁像是挂满了闪闪发光的星星，并且像是闪烁着蜡烛般的光。
glittering:闪烁
Scalp is aglow very urticant, often have dander. Why to meet such?
头皮发红很痒，常常有斯卡普。为什么会这样?。
Scalp:斯卡普
Joy is the holy fire that keeps our purpose warm and our intelligence aglow.
喜乐是一团圣洁的火焰，保持我们对目的的熟诚，并使我们的智慧发亮。
purpose:目的
Why place of my T word grew black much beans, but after was being squeezed with the hand, should come up against the sun to be met only aglow or nigrescent?
为什么我T字部位长了黑多豆豆，但紧缩了之后，只要碰到太阳就会发红或发黑？
squeezed:紧缩
At Thursday's AGM at Emirates Stadium, Wenger said he was "convinced that we have a chance to qualify [for the Champions League] again".
在周四的酋长球场比赛中，温格说：“我相信我们有冠军欧洲冠军联赛的机会。”
Champions:冠军
By 2020, the AGM - 65 Maverick missile, a primary weapon on A - 10s, will be out of the inventory, although replacements are being developed.
到了2020年，曾经作为A-10战机主要武器的AGM-65小牛式空对地导弹，将在武器库存上消失，其替代品正在研制当中。
inventory:库存
The pore structure of AGM should match with that of negative active material.
AGM隔板的孔隙与负极活性材料的孔隙应当互相匹配；
material:材料
Deploy a vast array of air-to- ground weaponry including the AGM - 65 Maverick, AGM - 88 HARM, cluster bombs, slick and high drag bombs and laser guided ordnance.
部署各种各样空对地武器包括股东-65捉摸不定，股东-88伤害，集束炸弹，圆滑和高拖拉炸弹和激光制导弹药。
drag:拖拉
This, Nielsen speculates, may be because younger consumers are platform agnostic: to them, video is video, whether viewed online or via cable TV, for which they already pay.
尼尔森推测，这可能是由于更加年轻的消费者是平台的不可知论者：对他们来说，视频就是视频，无论是来自网上还是来自他们已经付费的电缆。
cable:电缆
America remains a free religious society; in contrast, China is religiously atheistic, Europe agnostic, and the Middle East intolerant.
美国仍旧属于宗教自由的社会；相反，中国是无神论的中，欧洲提倡不可知论，而中东则是不容异己。
Middle:中
One would think that Woolf, as an agnostic, would have little time for religious imagery yet ironically she is found to utilise the iconography of religion to highlight its paradoxes.
 agnostic认为，作为不可知论者的伍尔夫不会费心思在宗教隐喻上，具有讽刺意味的是，伍尔夫利用宗教研究来强调其悖论。
agnostic:agnostic
One would think that Woolf, as an agnostic, would have little time for religious imagery yet ironically she is found to utilise the iconography of religion to highlight its paradoxes.
有认为，作为不可知论者的伍尔夫不会费心思在宗教隐喻上，具有讽刺意味的是，伍尔夫利用宗教研究来强调其悖论。
have:有
Many of these are essentially selective state schools in disguise, barely troubling the happy hypocrisies of British live - and - let - live agnosticism.
目前许多信仰学校本质上只是活挑选出来改头换面了一下的公立学校，配合着英国“自己活也让别人活”（live-and-let-live）的不可知论者自娱的虚伪。
live:活
Many of these are essentially selective state schools in disguise, barely troubling the happy hypocrisies of British live - and - let - live agnosticism.
目前许多信仰学校本质上只是活挑选出来改头换面了一下的公立学校，配合着英国“自己活也让别人活”（live-and-let-live）的不可知论者自娱的虚伪。
live:活
However, there are other applications, particularly at the enterprise level, that require the sort of added infrastructure and transport agnosticism that SOAP still promises to deliver.
不过，有很多其他应用程序（特别在企业级）需要SOAP所承诺的基础基础设施扩展和传输独立性。
infrastructure:基础设施
In history of philosophy, there always exists a controversy between the cognosciblism and the agnosticism about the relation of thinking and existence.
在思维和存在的关系问题上，哲学史上一直存在着两种争论的观点：可知论和不可知论。
controversy:争论
There are all the good ideas brought over from when the Merb team joined the party and brought a focus on framework agnosticism, slimmer and faster internals, and a handful of tasty APIs.
Merb团队加入后带来的都是些很棒的主意，包括关注到框架中晦涩难懂的以上，更快更轻量级的内部实现，以及一些“美味可口”的API。
over:以上
While the trials in general have grabbed attention, residents have been agog at details of 46 -year-old Xie's case, with several expressing amazement that a woman could head a "black society".
而审判本身也引起了广泛关注。当地居民惊讶于女人可以领导“黑社会”的事实，急切想得知更多关于这位46岁“女老大”的详情。
details:详情
Well, agonize no more -- because a study in the journal Science suggests that simply washing your hands after making a tough choice can keep you from second -guessing.
嘿，别再痛苦啦！在做出艰难的选择后只要洗洗手就能让你摆脱事后的自我批评呢。--这可是《科学》杂志上的一项研究推荐的方法哦！
agonize:痛苦
I’m sorry but those decisions you agonize over just don’t make any difference. The color you paint your house, whether you should let your child do x, where you go on vacation, etc.
原谅我这么说，但是那些令你痛苦的决定真的改变不了什么，比如你把房间刷成什么颜色，你是否应该让孩子做某事，你在哪里度假等等。
agonize:痛苦
We agonize over the decision, but sometimes agonizing does not help. Sometimes we must simply choose.
我们为做决定苦苦思索，但有时这样的权衡毫无帮助，而只能凭直觉去决定。
decision:决定
If you agonize over falling asleep, you might find it even tougher to nod off.
如果你降落困难，那么你会发现想打个盹都很难。
falling:降落
But the writing on our genetic parchment is much older, and that algorithm says: "Be fruitful and multiply — and agonize about keeping your mate along the way ."
这在我们的遗传记录中更加古老，遗传算法表明：“大量繁衍后代——与配偶在人生道路上相处感到焦虑。”
algorithm:算法
Boards of directors have long agonized over how much to borrow and different companies seem to have different cultures.
董事会一直似乎该借多少钱的问题所困扰着,不同的国家有着不同的文化
seem:似乎
We've all agonized over difficult decisions. Go to college or backpack around Europe? Buy or rent? Apple pie or death by chocolate?
我们都曾为艰难的抉择痛苦过。是去上大学还是去欧洲背包游？购买还是租用？来个苹果派还是死神巧克力蛋糕？
agonized:痛苦
We've all agonized over difficult decisions. Go to college or backpack around Europe? Buy or rent? Apple pie or death by chocolate?
我们都曾为艰难的决定苦恼过。是去上大学还是去欧洲背包游？购买还是租用？来个苹果派还是死神巧克力蛋糕？
decisions:决定
We've all agonized over difficult decisions. Go to college or backpack around Europe? Buy or rent? Apple pie or death by chocolate?
我们都曾为艰难的抉择苦恼过。是去上大学还是去欧洲背包游？买还是租用？来个苹果派还是死神巧克力蛋糕？
Buy:买
When the media focus our attention on the aftermath of tsunamis and other disasters, it is easy to empty our wallets for the agonized sufferers.
当媒体把我们的注意力吸引到海啸和其它海啸的灾后救助时，很容易让我们倾囊救助痛苦中的受害者。
tsunamis:海啸
All of us have suffered these kinds of frustrations and agonized over such broken promises.
我们都曾经受过这种沮丧，面对别人的失言而难过万分。
frustrations:沮丧
Oh, for the old days of prearranged marriage; boys never agonized over asking a girl out, afraid she'd say no and more afraid she'd say yes.
哦，对于老包办婚姻，男孩子从不会为约女孩子出去而焦虑不安，哪像现在，又怕女方拒绝，而更怕女方接受。
old:老
In despair, I confided in my mother, telling her about the way I was agonizing over the memoir, my fear of getting it wrong, of hurting people.
在绝望之中，我向母亲作了倾诉，告诉她我在为写回忆录痛苦、我害怕写错、害怕伤害他人。
agonizing:痛苦
At school, I always cleaned up after myself, but now that I’m home from college, I frequently find myself leaving a mess and then agonizing about it.
在学校的时候，我总是自己做家务。但是现在从大学毕业回家，我发现自己经常把家里弄的乱哄哄的还为此极度痛苦。
agonizing:痛苦
Watching this patient suffer, not from his disease but because of what we did to him in the name of helping him, was agonizing.
监视他所受的痛苦，我们也及其痛心，特别是这样的疼痛来自我们对他的治疗而不是病的本身。
Watching:监视
Watching this patient suffer, not from his disease but because of what we did to him in the name of helping him, was agonizing.
看着他所受的痛苦，我们也及其痛心，特别是这样的痛苦来自我们对他的治疗而不是病的本身。
agonizing:痛苦
Delivery: Waiting for new toys to arrive can be the most agonizing part of the process, but you should use this time to get space and applications ready.
交付：等待新设备送到可能是这个过程中最让人痛苦的部分，但应该应用这段时间来准备空间和应用程序。
applications:应用
"Mommy's OK ," I yelled." Come out and talk to ..." An agonizing groan finished my sentence. Another contraction.
我叫喊着：“妈妈没什么事。走出来，跟…说。”一段痛苦的呻吟完成了我的语句。又一阵宫缩。
finished:完成
For anyone who feels bound up with this world's fate, the clash of civilizations has something agonizing about it.
对任何一个感到与世界的命运紧密相连的人，文明的冲突有种让他痛苦的东西。
agonizing:痛苦
Rarely, couples face the agonizing problem of knowing they could pass a genetic trait to a child of a specific sex — usually a boy.
很少会有夫妇会遇到这样令人痛苦的问题，要了解他们能将某基因特征遗传给特定性别的婴儿-尤其是男孩。
agonizing:痛苦
I am much less certain that it benefits a person not to feel sadness or agony about the normal losses we all experience in life if the person is not clinically depressed.
但如果没有被确诊为抑郁的话，那我对它能否帮助那些人正常失去---我们都会在生活中经历----而感到悲伤和痛苦的人就不是那么肯定了。
person:人
I am much less certain that it benefits a person not to feel sadness or agony about the normal losses we all experience in life if the person is not clinically depressed.
但如果没有被确诊为抑郁的话，那我对它能否帮助那些人正常失去---我们都会在生活中经历----而感到悲伤和痛苦的人就不是那么肯定了。
person:人
But sometimes, once in many days, or perchance in many months, she felt an eye - a human eye - upon the ignominious brand, that seemed to give a momentary relief, as if half of her agony were shared.
但也有时候——好多天有这么一次，或者要好几个月才有这么一次，她会感到一双眼睛——一双人类的眼睛望着她那耻辱的印记，似乎能给她片刻的救济，象是分担了她的一半痛苦。
relief:救济
We sympathize with the fear, though not with the agony of the sufferer.
尽管我们不会和不幸者一样同情，但是我们会同情他的恐惧。
sympathize:同情
Some psychotherapists have held that prolonged sadness and agony in response to loss is the result of anger turned inward.
一些精神心理治疗师们认为，这种应对失去的绵长悲伤与痛苦是转向内心的愤怒的结果。
psychotherapists:心理治疗师
Some psychotherapists have held that prolonged sadness and agony in response to loss is the result of anger turned inward.
一些精神治疗师们认为，这种应对失去的绵长悲伤与痛苦是转向内心的愤怒的答复。
response:答复
It is inconceivable, the agony with which this public veneration tortured him!
公众对他的景仰是如何折磨着他，那被酷刑是难以想见的！
tortured:被酷刑
The reason that Zhang gave her parents has plunged a home filled with warmth and laughter into distress and agony.
而张娜娜向父母交代的理由使得这原本充满温馨和欢笑的一家陷入沮丧和悲伤中。
distress:悲伤
The study also found that within each group there are usually clearly defined roles such as the agony aunt, the homemaker, the career girl, the socialiteand the quiet one.
研究还发现，在每个朋友圈中，通常都有明确的角色定位，比如知心大姐、家居女、职场女孩、社交名媛和乖乖女。
girl:女孩
So writes relationship psychologist and "agony aunt" Susan Quilliam in an essay published in the latest edition of the Journal of Family Planning and Reproductive Health Care.
大多数心理学家与“知心姐姐”苏珊·奎利姆在最新的华尔街日报两性专栏里论文讨论了这个问题。
essay:论文
So writes relationship psychologist and "agony aunt" Susan Quilliam in an essay published in the latest edition of the Journal of Family Planning and Reproductive Health Care.
大多数心理学家与“知心姐姐”苏珊·奎利姆在最新的华尔街日报两性专栏里期刊讨论了这个问题。
Journal:期刊
Agoraphobia is a type of anxiety disorder in which you avoid situations that you're afraid might cause you to panic.
广场恐慌是一种焦虑性障碍，在此基础上患者会有回避（患者认为）会让自己陷入恐慌中的情形的倾向。
panic:恐慌
Written and directed by Australian filmmaker Adam Elliot, the film spans 20 years as the two delve into subjects including psychiatry, autism, taxidermy, kleptomania and agoraphobia.
电影导演兼编剧是澳大利亚电影人亚当・艾略特（AdamElliot）。影片主题横跨20年，两位主角探讨了精神疾病、孤独症、动物标本剥制、盗窃癖、旷野恐惧症等问题。
subjects:主题
It is often connected with a pre existing panic disorder in the adult that then grows into agoraphobia as the individual fears that if they leave the house they will experience panic attacks.
这通常和成人预先存在着的惊慌混乱有着联系，接着成长为个人的外在恐慌，似乎一离开房间他们就会遭到惊恐的袭击。
panic:恐慌
It is often connected with a pre existing panic disorder in the adult that then grows into agoraphobia as the individual fears that if they leave the house they will experience panic attacks.
这通常和成人预先存在着的惊慌混乱有着联系，接着成长为成年人的外在恐惧，似乎一离开房间他们就会遭到惊恐的袭击。
adult:成年人
It is often connected with a pre existing panic disorder in the adult that then grows into agoraphobia as the individual fears that if they leave the house they will experience panic attacks.
这通常和成人预先存在着的惊慌混乱有着联系，接着成长为个人的外在恐慌，似乎一离开房间他们就会遭到惊恐的袭击。
panic:恐慌
Choosing to live in narrow spaces can lead to a form of mental agoraphobia, and that brings its own terrors.
选择生活在狭窄的空间，可以导致不敢面对开阔的视野，给自己带来恐怖。
terrors:恐怖
Choosing to live in narrow spaces can lead to a form of mental agoraphobia, and that brings its own terrors.
选择生活在狭窄的范围里，会导致某种精神上的对于陌生环境的恐惧症，并由此产生相应的恐怖心理。
terrors:恐怖
Choosing to live in narrow spaces leads to a form of mental agoraphobia, and that brings its own terrors.
选择在狭小的空间生活会导致精神上的恐旷症（对于陌生人、事物的恐怖），而且会带来它自身形成的恐怖。
terrors:恐怖
Those with mild TBI developed PTSD, panic disorder, agoraphobia, or social phobia twice as often as those with no TBI.
患有轻度创伤性脑损伤的患者与无轻度创伤性脑损伤的患者相比，有两倍的PTSD，惊恐性障碍，广场恐怖症或社交恐慌的患病几率。
panic:恐慌
Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is generally viewed as the most effective form of psychotherapy for treating panic attacks, panic disorder, and agoraphobia.
感知行为疗法（CBT）通常被被看是最有效的治疗惊恐袭击、惊恐紊乱和广场综合症的心理疗法。
viewed:被看
Agoraphobia is translated as "fear of the marketplace." It was traditionally thought to involve a fear of public places and open spaces.
广场综合症被译做：“对集市的恐惧”过去它被认为和对公共场所及空旷地恐惧参与。
involve:参与
Choosing to live in narrow spaces can lead to a form of mental agoraphobia, and that brings its own terrors.
选择在一个狭窄的地方生活会导致精神上的陌生环境恐惧症，和随之而来的恐怖。
terrors:恐怖
Choosing to live in narrow spaces can lead to a form of mental agoraphobia, and that brings its own terrors.
选择生活在一个狭小的空间会导致恐怖空旷症，他本身就会带来一些恐怖怖。
terrors:恐怖
The Limits to Growth cannot mimic the emergence of the industrial evolution from the agrarian age.
“增长的极限”没有能力模拟出农耕时代进入工业社会的自然发展进化。
evolution:进化
It may also be linked to expectations that the U.S. is on the cusp of a change that would make it more agreeable.
也可能跟期望值有关：人们期望美国正处于变革的剪切，可能变得更加令人愉快。
cusp:剪切
A study which looked at the link between personality and wages has found that'agreeable' workers earn significantly less than their meaner colleagues.
这项旨在寻找性格和找到之间关系的研究发现，“让人愉快的”工作者明显比他们更卑鄙的同事要挣得少。
found:找到
But he is, beyond all comparison, the most agreeable man I ever saw -- and if he becomes really attached to me -- I believe it will be better that he should not.
不过在我所看见的人当中，他的确是最可爱的一个，任谁也比不上他；如果他真会爱上我──我相信他还是不要爱上我的更好。
better:更好
Sometimes conversation with a lady who ’s hot for you isn’t so agreeable.
有时，跟一个你觉得很辣的女士交谈并不总是一个愉快的经历。
lady:女士
The employers and the union leaders have agreed an acceptable formula for wages.
雇主和工会雇主已就工资问题达成了一个可行方案。
employers:雇主
The importance of agricultural biodiversity is not yet sufficiently recognised and that [having a programme] would have been an opportunity.
农业生物生物多样性的重要性尚未被充分认识到，而且[有这样一个项目]将是一个机遇。
biodiversity:生物多样性
I think it is critical that we start investing in infrastructure that is going to help some of the smaller countries really build on their agricultural bases to lift their state of development.
我认为关键在于我们开始对基础设施投资，这些基础设施将升降一些更小的国家真正建立它们的农业基础，从而提升它们的发展状态。
lift:升降
Thadani runs workshops and seminars on how to be a small-scale agriculturalist -- and the workshops are growing in popularity.
Thadani开办了关于怎样成为一名小小农夫的讲习班和研讨会，讲习班很受欢迎。
agriculturalist:农夫
In 2003, Dutch agriculturalist Marc de Ruiter saw dairy farmers in windswept Shanxi province literally pouring their milk down the drain because there was not enough demand.
2003年，荷兰农夫雷一鸣看到，风中山西省奶农，在把实实在在的牛奶倒进了水沟里，因为那里没有足够的需求。
agriculturalist:农夫
In March a senior agriculturalist, Yuan Longping, accused officials in some areas of exaggerating the size of grain reserves in order to get more subsidies for storing them.
今年三月，高级农夫袁隆平就指责过，有些地方的官员为了获取更多的储备补贴而夸大粮食的储备规模。
agriculturalist:农夫
Janelle and Billy bendert Max from a bounded amoroso pikestaff agriculturalist in 1983.
1983年，詹妮尔和比利在一名甘蔗农夫手中买下了马克斯。
agriculturalist:农夫
To combat the rise of these diseases, policies in other sectors, like food, agriculture, and trade, must change.
为与这些疾病的升高做斗争，像是食品、农业和贸易等部门的政策必须做出改变。
rise:升高
But if you talk to agriculture experts and commodity analysts, most of them will tell you that the role of speculation in high food prices is overstated.
但只要你向农业分析家与商品分析者们询问，他们多数会告诉你：投机活动在高物价里所扮演的角色被过分夸大了。
analysts:分析家
Technical and logistical support and materials for the rehabilitation of small irrigation schemes, market roads, and agro - processing and storage facilities are also needed.
还需要为康复小型灌溉设施、市场道路和农产品加工及储存设施，提供技术和后勤支持及器材。
rehabilitation:康复
It also speeds up payments to agro - dealers and helps them build better links with the wholesaler suppliers.
他还加速了对农业批发商的支付，帮助他们与批发供应商建立更好的联系。
wholesaler:批发商
And Borlaug, now 93, is an agronomist who has spent his life in labs and nonprofits, seldom walking onto the media stage, and hence into our consciousness, at all.
而博洛格，现年93岁，一个农学家，把一辈子的时间都花在了实验室里和非营利非营利机构中，极少走上媒体，也就压根没走进过我们的视线。
nonprofits:非营利机构
Yuan Longping is a world -famous agronomist with the reputation of "the Father of Hybrid Rice ".
袁隆平是世界著名的农学家，名誉“杂交水稻之父”。
reputation:名誉
The icebergs then ran aground, melted and dropped their rocky burdens on the seabed, where subsequent uplift raised them above the waves.
冰山搁浅后融化，在海床上留下了这些岩石，随后海床的提升使它们得以露出海面。
uplift:提升
Researchers have predicted that the peanut diet could reduce heart - disease risk even more than could the AHA diet.
研究人员已经预测，与AHA推荐饮食相比，花生食谱在减少心脏病发病机率上更有效。
reduce:减少
Have you ever had an "aha" moment while running, when you changed your way of thinking -- whether about running or something else going on in your life?
你是否在跑步的时候有过这样的"顿悟同时" 当你改变你的思路无论是关于运动还是你生活中的其他事情?
while:同时
If he continues to keep ahead, he will win the race.
如果他继续保持领先地位，他将赢得这场种族。
race:种族
You are the key to your own happiness, so go ahead, unlock it once and for all.
你自己便是自己的快乐的钥匙，因此，往前走，马上解锁那把锁。
unlock:解锁
It is by far the most successful and most popular of all the AI techniques in the history of board game programming.
在棋盘游戏程序历史中，它是所有人工智能它中最为成功和广受欢迎的一项。
It:它
Sound off below and let us know whether you buy into this future of music and art, or whether this AI composer just doesn't wash.
发表你的观点，让我们知道你是否愿意买这个未来的音乐艺术作品，还是认为这个人工智能作曲家仅仅是昙花一现。
buy:买
AI was just one facet of cybernetics, but while it got most of the government and university money, the rest of cybernetics' vast agenda withered.
人工智能只是控制论研究的一方面，但是，当它得到政府和大学的大部分资金同时，控制论其余大量待研究的课题就消失了。
while:同时
As we reported on 12 February, you need to be a very smart AI programmer trapped in a very boring job.
正如我们在2月12日人工智能报道的一样，你必须是一个被恼人的工作围困的非常聪明的人工智能程序设计员。
AI:人工智能
Doug had worked at the White House for five years while putting himself through graduate and law school at night, and in the spring had become my last presidential aide.
道格在白宫已经工作五年了，利用晚上同时间完成了研究生和法学院的课程，在春天同时成为了我的最后一位总统助手。
while:同时
The House is expected to approve the credit card bill with the gun amendment included, but to allow lawmakers to go on record as voting against the amendment, said a senior House aide.
众议院预计将批准信用卡法案和持枪权修正案，但允许立法者公开表明观点，如可以对修正案投反对票，参议院高级助手说。
approve:批准
Baseball Hall of Famer Jackie Robinson, the first black to play in the major leagues, resigned his post as an aide to Rockefeller because he could not back a Republican ticket he saw as racist.
棒球名人杰基.罗宾逊是全美职业棒球联盟第一个黑人球员，辞去了他作为洛克菲勒助手的职位，因为他不能支持一个在他看来是“种族主义者”的共和党竞选班子。
leagues:联盟
Baseball Hall of Famer Jackie Robinson, the first black to play in the major leagues, resigned his post as an aide to Rockefeller because he could not back a Republican ticket he saw as racist.
棒球名人杰基.罗宾逊是全美职业棒球联合会第一个黑人球员，辞职了他作为洛克菲勒助手的职位，因为他不能支持一个在他看来是“种族主义者”的共和党竞选班子。
resigned:辞职
Baseball Hall of Famer Jackie Robinson, the first black to play in the major leagues, resigned his post as an aide to Rockefeller because he could not back a Republican ticket he saw as racist.
棒球名人杰基.罗宾逊是全美职业棒球联合会第一个黑人球员，辞去了他作为洛克菲勒助手的邮寄，因为他不能支持一个在他看来是“种族主义者”的共和党竞选班子。
post:邮寄
The chief Aide -de-Camp who sat in the front passenger seat ordered no security measures against further attacks.
坐在车上前排驾驶座旁的总统府侍卫长，并未立即对可能新的攻击行动采取安全。
security:安全
The chief Aide -de-Camp who sat in the front passenger seat ordered no security measures against further attacks.
坐在车上前排驾驶座旁的总统府侍卫长，并未立即对可能新的攻击攻击采取安全措施。
attacks:攻击
The author traces Hamilton's personal and professional developments from his challenging youth through his rise to power as George Washington's aide -de-camp.
通过记述汉密尔顿从充满挑战与艰辛的青年时代到升高为乔治·华盛顿的得力助手，作者探寻了期间汉密尔顿个人性格以及事业的发展。
rise:升高
AIDS is by no means beaten, but now it may be on the run.
爱滋病现在不可能被被打败，但是它可能已处于逃遁状态。
beaten:被打败
This issue is not about who is to blame, he tells us, but instead about saving lives and developing the best AIDS programs possible.
他告诉我们，这些问题不是为了指出谁该受到谴责，而是拯救生命和最好的研究出最好的爱滋病防治方法。
best:最好的
These are aids to finding articles on any subject. They list subject heading, with various titles of articles under them, together with the location of each article.
这些都可帮助你在任意主题上能发现相关文章。他们列出主标题，而主标题之下有文章的各式小标题还有每篇文章的所在位置。
finding:发现
It heals wounds, cuts, burns, and sunburns rapidly as it aids in the formation of scar tissues.
它可以迅速治愈枪伤口，刀伤口，烧伤口和晒伤口，因为它有助于瘢痕组织的形成。
wounds:伤口
We hope to motivate the participants and equip them with scientific knowledge and skills on how to protect themselves and their partners from HIV/AIDS.
我们希望激励参与者，并向他们装备如何保护自己和他们的伙伴不受艾滋病感染的科学知识和技能。
equip:装备
I read him checklists, learning words like “aileron, ” “magnetos, ” and“ pitot ” that no one else in my first - grade class knew.
我给他念设备检查清单，学会了很多其他一年级学生都不认识的词，像“副翼”、“磁发电机”和“空速管”。
checklists:检查清单
I read him checklists, learning words like “aileron, ” “magnetos, ” and“ pitot ” that no one else in my first - grade class knew.
我给他念设备清单，学会了很多其他一年级学生都不认识的词，像“副翼”、“磁磁石”和“空速管”。
magnetos:磁石
Roche and Aileron said they would focus on five target diseases.
罗氏公司和副翼医疗公司称他们将集中注意力于五个目标疾病。
focus:集中注意力
The company has agreed to pay $25 million now and up to $1. 1 billion later to Aileron Therapeutics of Cambridge, Mass., for developing a new type of drug technology called “stapled peptides .”
瑞士治疗巨头罗氏公司抛出了一个重磅炸弹，就是他们的一项试验技术可能能够治疗许多疾病。该公司已经同意支付2500万美元给位于马萨诸塞州的剑桥副翼医疗公司，委托其开发一种新的称之为“钉肽”的药物技术，并将继续追加投资11亿美元。
Therapeutics:治疗
Officials with both companies said Aileron would receive the full $1. 1 billion only if its products succeeded in all five therapeutic areas.
两家公司的官员称该产品要在所有五个领域的试验必须都获得成功，副翼才能完全接受那11亿美元。
receive:接受
The drag caused by the aileron deflection and rolling angular velocity has a strong impact on the value of RSD.
拖拉特性中，由副翼偏度及滚转角速度引起的拖拉对RSD值起了重大作用。
drag:拖拉
It has plenty of aileron deflection and will rotate quite quickly in both directions while hovering.
飞机的副翼有很大的方向，所以飞机在悬停时，向左向右的滚转都很容易。
directions:方向
It has plenty of aileron deflection and will rotate quite quickly in both directions while hovering.
飞机的副翼有很大的行程，所以飞机在悬停同时，向左向右的滚转都很容易。
while:同时
Lift is lost on the wing where the aileron is raised, but it increases on the side where the lowered aileron increases the camber of the wing.
副翼扬起的时候机翼的胜利就会减小，但是副翼降下的一边会升高机翼的弯曲度。
raised:升高
AILERON FORCE LIMITER, An electro- mechanical device for limiting the control wheel movement by the autopilot during autopilot operation.
副翼操纵力限制器，一种机电装置。在自动驾驶工作期间，用来限制驾驶盘的操作量。
operation:操作
With the Junker type aileron, this is not the case if full advantage of the possible "funnel effect" is achieved by careful design of the hinge point location and careful construction.
与容克类型副翼，这是情况并非如此，如果充分利用可能的“漏斗效应”所取得的仔细设计的铰链点的位置和小心地施工。
type:类型
Another shoe dropped shortly after Marshall was indicted on charges of swindling his ailing mother out of millions of dollars in cash and property.
紧接着，在马歇尔被告诈骗自己患病母亲的亿万美元的现金和财产后，另一只鞋子马上就掉下来了。
indicted:被告
Her ailing brain comprehended nothing, but the only thing which she did not doubt was that he had come to get her.
她的病脑完全不能被理解当时的事，她以为他是为了她来的，她受不了那副凶相。
comprehended:被理解
If you are not sure which doctor is best for your ailment, Li will even recommend one based on experience and can arrange all the paperwork for an extra fee.
如果你不确定找哪位医生看病最好，李启才还能凭经验帮你推荐，并安排好所有文件工作。当然，这都是需要额外收费的。
paperwork:文件工作
President for only 14 months before dying of a sudden stomach ailment in 1850, Taylor hailed from a plantation family that owned thousands of acres and hundreds of slaves in Kentucky.
1850年，泰勒总统上台仅14个月就死于突发性胃病。这位总统出身于一个经营种植园的家庭，在肯塔基州拥有数千英亩种植园，和数百名奴隶。
plantation:种植园
It's far beyond reach of our ability to obtain such aim.
按我们的能力这种目的是不可企及的。
aim:目的
Whenever you have an aim you must sacrifice something of freedom to attain it.
无论何时，只要有目的，你就要牺牲一定的自由以达到它。
aim:目的
Whenever you have an aim you must sacrifice something of freedom to attain it.
不论什么时候，只要你有一个目的，就得牺牲一定的自由去实现它。
aim:目的
But his aim, was not to destroy democracy, but to strengthen it.
但他的目的，并不是要摧毁民主，而是为了加强它
aim:目的
Above all, aim for things that are truly important to you, not what you think you ought to do or what others expect of you.
最重要的是，你要把那些对你真正重要的事情作为目的，而不是那些你认为自己应该做或者其他人希望你做的事。
aim:目的
In this phase, you aim to reduce differences between you and the organiztional environment by changing either the environment or your behaviour.
在这个阶段，你的目的是通过改变环境或者自身行为来减少你和企业氛围的差别。
aim:目的
While training for Skeet, we shoot the target and then aim for the fragments in the second round, "he said.
当训练双向飞碟期间，我们射击完飞碟，然后在下一个回合中以飞碟碎片为目标，”他说。
While:期间
While training for Skeet, we shoot the target and then aim for the fragments in the second round, "he said.
当训练双向飞碟时，我们斯基特完飞碟，然后在下一个回合中以飞碟碎片为目标，”他说。
Skeet:斯基特
While training for Skeet, we shoot the target and then aim for the fragments in the second round, "he said.
当训练双向飞碟时，我们射击完飞碟，然后在下一个回合中以飞碟碎片为目的，”他说。
aim:目的
We aim to bring that magic into the life of software developers so they can spread it around to everybody else.
我们的目的就是将魔法带到软件开发人员的生活中，使魔法可以蔓延到每个人的身上。
aim:目的
While health may not be the main aim of policies in these sectors, they have strong bearing on health and health equity.
虽然卫生可能不是这些部门政策的主要目的，但这些政策对卫生和卫生公平性具有很大影响。
aim:目的
My mind had nothing in it but hot vapour, and vapour - filled bubbles frothed and eddied round a vortex of lazy fancy, aimless and unmeaning.
我什么也不想，好像只有一团团热蒸汽，和漫溢着热蒸汽的 frothed，围绕着拥有慵懒的完美，而又漫无目的，几乎没有什么存在的意义的一个旋涡转圈。
frothed:frothed
I was afraid if I came back for a third year, I might drift into a comfortable but aimless academic life that would disappoint me in the end.
我担心如果来了牛津上第三学年，我可能会渐渐地贪图舒适的学术生活，失去了目标，而且最终会令自己失望。
came:来了
My mind had nothing in it but hot vapour, and vapour - filled bubbles frothed and eddied round a vortex of lazy fancy, aimless and unmeaning.
我没有把它们放在心上，但是热蒸汽以及充满气 frothed的蒸汽在懒惰的幻想的漩涡周围发着 frothed和打着旋，毫无目的，也没意义。
frothed:frothed
I winced if he said, "ain't" in front of my friends.
如果他说，我在朋友面前“不是这样”，我前面肌肉就会抽搐起来。
front:前面
This may be fine for your application (after all, 40Mb / sec IO ain't bad!), but you'd probably have identical peak IO performance from a RAID - 0 volume that used only three drives.
对于您的应用程序来说这可能相当不错（毕竟，40兆字节/秒的IO 并不是太差！） ，但其峰值IO性能可能仅与应用三个驱动器的RAID-0卷的峰值IO性能相同。
application:应用
The three inventors claim their flying machine could be used for inspecting pipelines, as an air ambulance or for taking aerial photographs - as well as just for fun.
这三位发明者称他们的飞行器能够用于管道检查，空中救护或拍摄飞行照片，或仅供娱乐。
flying:飞行
The latest incident occurred over Sydney's south yesterday morning when an air ambulance helicopter was targeted.
这起激光事件发生在昨晚的南悉尼，一个救生直升机被激光指向。
targeted:指向
The simulation of the air distribution in theisolation ambulance was carried on by the similar way.
利用类似方法对负压救护车的内部空气状况进行了模拟分析。
air:空气
As early as 1996, auto manufacturers began installing MVEDRs as part of car and light truck airbag modules.
早在1996年，汽车制造商将其作为轿车和轻型卡车安全气囊模块的一部分安装安装MVEDRs。
installing:安装
A big source of inspiration was the logo itself, as Airbag incorporated its colors, style and major elements whenever possible.
灵感最大的来源就是他本身的Logo，而Airbag也在不断的把他的颜色、形式和主要的如不停的组合起来。
as:如
An airbag that deploys a second later than it should is worse than no airbag at all.
晚一秒钟展开气囊比没有气囊的情况更更糟。
worse:更糟
Since then, the city has sold large plots of the former air base to other developers, while earmarking yet other parcels for future sale to help pay for the new business district.
从那个同时起，武汉已经向其它开发商出售了这座前空军基地的大片土地，同时又在其它地块上打上标记，以便将来出售支付新商业区开发费用。
while:同时
Since then, the city has sold large plots of the former air base to other developers, while earmarking yet other parcels for future sale to help pay for the new business district.
从那个未来起，武汉已经向其它开发商出售了这座前空军基地的大片土地，同时又在其它地块上打上标记，以便将来出售支付新商业区开发费用。
future:未来
The doctor said 22 people were killed in two days of fighting at the air base and an adjacent civilian airport.
这位医生说有22人在这场已经持续2天的发生在空军基地和邻近的一个民用机场的战斗中战斗。
fighting:战斗
Analysts have portrayed Kyrgyzstan's decision this week to close the last remaining US air base in Central Asia - vital for operations in Afghanistan - as being the work of the Kremlin.
分析师已经描绘了吉尔吉斯坦本周的决定，它将关掉在中亚保留的最后的美国空军基地—对于控制阿富汗起到关键作用—克里姆林宫做出一定中央。
Central:中央
Ty was evacuated to a military hospital at Balad Air Base, where surgeons worked to save his life.
泰被送往巴拉德空军基地的一家军医院，那里的外科医生暂时保住了他的性命。
surgeons:外科医生
Visiting Japan, Robert Gates, the American defence secretary, urged his hosts to honour a 2006 agreement to move an American airbase to another part of the island of Okinawa.
美国国防部长罗伯特•盖茨参观日本时敦促其达成2006年的协议，即将美军空军基地移到冲绳岛的另一个地方。
Visiting:参观
TOKYO - Relocating a contentious U.S. airbase from southern Japan to Guam is "unreasonable" from the standpoint of national security, Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama told a radio program.
日本首相鸠山由纪夫在无线电中说，从国家安全的角度来看，搬迁具有争议的美国空军基地从日本南部到关岛，这一做法是“不合理的”。
radio:无线电
The US remains the most potent military force in the western Pacific with 60,000 troops, a military airbase in Okinawa and one forward - deployed carrier fleet.
美国在西太平洋地区拥有的60,000 人的军事，仍然是美国最有力的军事力量，这支军事包括驻扎在冲绳空军基地的军事和一个前沿部署航母舰队。
military:军事
The US remains the most potent military force in the western Pacific with 60,000 troops, a military airbase in Okinawa and one forward - deployed carrier fleet.
美国在西太平洋地区拥有的60,000 人的军事，仍然是美国最有力的军事力量，这支军事包括驻扎在冲绳空军基地的军事和一个前沿部署航母舰队。
military:军事
When the airbed fully inflated, return the pump to the housing of airbed to stop the inflation.
当气床充停止后，把泵返回气床内，停止充气。
stop:停止
Any kinds of PVC product could be repaired by the glue. Could be used for Waterbed, tube, Airbed, buoy, floating boat, raincoat, rain shoes and other plastic products …etc.
本修补胶为免贴皮料高级修补胶水，可直接修补在任何PVC类之产品上，修补水床、水管、空气床、浮动、浮船、雨衣、雨鞋、充气玩具等PVC制品修补方式简单。
floating:浮动
These networks will connect ground, naval, airborne and satellite assets into an interactive mesh of battlefield information and decision-making.
这些网络将连接地面、海上、空中和卫星卫星，组成一个战场信息和决策的互动网络。
satellite:卫星
The risk of catching tuberculosis (TB) and other airborne diseases may be reduced simply by opening windows and doors, according to a study in Peru.
在秘鲁进行的一项研究表明，只要打开门窗就可能减少感染结核病和和其它空气传播疾病的风险。
reduced:减少
The engine has transformed the face ofwarfare, from the early days of steam locomotive troop transports tofuture electric or hybrid engines lofting up stealthy airborne robots.
从早期的蒸汽火车的部队运输，到未来装置电动或混合动力引擎的隐身空中机器人，引擎变形着战争的面貌。
transformed:变形
The rubber diaphragms used by train brakes could pass the air pressure in the air brake distribution valve, and straightly affected the brake property and running safety.
铁道车辆分配动机的橡胶隔膜在空气分配动分配阀中起传递空气压力的作用，直接影响分配动性能和行车安全。
distribution:分配
The DB - PB AIR SHOWER PASS BOX characterizes as double lock between the air brake and door, which enable the box has a better airflow prevention ability than trsditional pass box.
PB型风淋室传递箱具有气闸及门互锁的双重作用，因此较普通传递箱，防止内外空气贯穿的性能更好。
AIR:空气
The DB - PB AIR SHOWER PASS BOX characterizes as double lock between the air brake and door, which enable the box has a better airflow prevention ability than trsditional pass box.
PB型风淋室传递箱具有气闸及门互锁的双重作用，因此较普通传递箱，防止内外空气贯穿的性能更好。
air:空气
The descent needs descent spaceflight clothes and air brake cabin which are novel products and are not be validated by flying.
出舱需要舱外航天服，还需要空气舱，这些产品都是新研制的，没有经过飞行验证。
air:空气
The descent needs descent spaceflight clothes and air brake cabin which are novel products and are not be validated by flying.
出舱需要舱外航天服，还需要气闸舱，这些产品都是新研制的，没有核证飞行验证。
validated:核证
The safety switch controlling the ignition circuit in gas engine and flameout magnetic valve in diesel engine is used in air brake system to realize the automatic protect.
为保证车辆的安全运行，在气压制动系统中施加安全保护开关，开关发动机的点火电路（汽油机）或熄火电磁阀电路（柴油机），可实现低气压时的自动保护。
switch:开关
By- wire brake control is the developing trend of modern automotive brake control technology by -wire brake control systems will replace the typical hydraulic brake systems and air brake systems.
现代汽车制动控制技术正朝着线控制动控制趋势发展，线控制动系统将取代以液压或气压为主的传统制动控制系统。
trend:趋势
Carry on air brake, cushion type and other particular design, manufacturing.
承接空气式、缓冲式的特殊设计、制造。
air:空气
Carry on air brake, cushion type and other particular design, manufacturing.
承接气闸类型、缓冲类型的特殊设计、制造。
type:类型
The DB- PB AIR SHOWER PASS BOX characterizes as double lock between the air brake and door, which enable the box has a better airflow prevention ability than trsditional pass box.
型风淋室传递箱具有气闸及门互锁的双重作用，因此较普通传递箱，防止内外空气贯穿的性能更好。
AIR:空气
The DB- PB AIR SHOWER PASS BOX characterizes as double lock between the air brake and door, which enable the box has a better airflow prevention ability than trsditional pass box.
型风淋室传递箱具有气闸及门互锁的双重作用，因此较普通传递箱，防止内外空气贯穿的性能更好。
air:空气
In view of 120 - 1 air brake fault characteristics, it used fault tree analytic method union logic code way to establish knowledge rule - set.
针对120-1空气制动机的故障特点，本文利用故障树分析法结合逻辑编码的方式建立知识规则设置。
set:设置
When used as automotive air brake lines, no forming operation is needed anymore.
汽车制动管路采用尼龙管后，管子不再需要线条工序。
lines:线条
The braking force distributions in different cases of compound brake and air brake have been compared, and the brake cylinder pressure for motor car and the trailer is calculated.
通过比选分配复合分配动和纯空气分配动等不同工况的分配动力，计算动力车和拖车的分配动缸压力。
distributions:分配
Based with AT89S8252, a test bench was designed to examine the performance of leaking of the air brake chambers. This device was equipped with USB interface.
以AT89S8252单片机为处理器，针对膜片式双腔制动空气，开发了一种具有USB接口的、测试制动空气漏气状况的自动试验台。
air:空气
The operation principle of the twin circuit air brake system and the twin circuit air - oil brake system together with the characteristics of the major components are described in this paper.
本文阐述了轮式装载机双管路空气制动系统和双管路空气顶油制动系统的制动原理及主要部件的工作原理与性能。
air:空气
The operation principle of the twin circuit air brake system and the twin circuit air - oil brake system together with the characteristics of the major components are described in this paper.
本文阐述了轮式装载机双管路空气制动系统和双管路空气顶油制动系统的制动原理及主要部件的工作原理与性能。
air:空气
The operation principle of the twin circuit air brake system and the twin circuit air - oil brake system together with the characteristics of the major components are described in this paper.
本文阐述了轮式装载机双管路气制动系统和双管路气顶油制动系统的制动原理及主要组件的工作原理与性能。
components:组件
HAD 10B the hydraulic control, air brake reliably gathered from the liquid. The intake filter provides additional protection, sewages using thread, to meet the piping.
HAD10B液压控制，空气制动可靠地排出聚集的液体。进气口滤网提供额外的保护，排污口采用螺纹接口型，便于排液管道连接。
air:空气
Dru is an aviation airbrush artist who mostly paints realistic aircrafts. Painting below is one of Dru's top paintings.
德鲁是一个飞机画家，他的绘画工具主要是油漆吹毛机，主要画各种超级写实的飞机。
airbrush:吹毛机
Similarly, if you were building the engine, you wouldn't want the airbrush, and be told you could now'prime coat the surfaces of the frame'.
同样，如果发动机归你装配，也不会需要吹毛机，并被告知现在该“为外壳打底漆”了。
airbrush:吹毛机
ONE of the first things Nicolas Sarkozy did upon taking office as president of France in May was to visit the headquarters of Airbus, in Toulouse.
尼古拉斯·萨尔科齐五月就任法国总统之后的总部做的事情之一，就是访问空中客车公司在图卢兹的总部。
headquarters:总部
To make more room for passengers, Airbus plans to put the carts in the lower hold; automatic conveyors and elevators will deliver them to the two passenger decks.
空中客车国际财团为了给乘客提供更多的空间，计划将饮食推车放置底层意志，由自动传送带及升降机将饮食车送至两层乘客意志。
will:意志
This is how software with billions of lines of code have been written for complex systems like the Airbus 380 or the F - 22, the most advanced fighter plane in the world.
那些为复杂系统（如空客380或F-22，后者是世界上最高级的战斗机）服务、拥有数十亿行软件的软件就是这样被编写出来的。
software:软件
Located in an apartment building above the street -level mayhem, it has an air-con dorm, neat, small fan rooms, a green balcony and comfortable communal lounge.
坐落在远离嘈杂街区的公寓宿舍之上，有带空调的卧室、整洁、小巧的扇形房间、绿色的阳台和舒适的公用休闲室。
dorm:宿舍
Located in an apartment building above the street -level mayhem, it has an air-con dorm, neat, small fan rooms, a green balcony and comfortable communal lounge.
坐落在远离嘈杂街区的房间大楼之上，有带空调的卧室、整洁、小巧的扇形房间、绿色的阳台和舒适的公用休闲室。
rooms:房间
Located in an apartment building above the street -level mayhem, it has an air-con dorm, neat, small fan rooms, a green balcony and comfortable communal lounge.
休息室在远离嘈杂街区的公寓大楼之上，有带空调的卧室、整洁、小巧的扇形房间、绿色的阳台和舒适的公用休闲室。
lounge:休息室
This delightful hostel is set within a ramshackle historical home and what it might lack in modern gadgets (ie air-con) it more than makes up for in character.
这家舒适的旅馆是在一个古老的房子基础上建立的，因此这里可能没有现代化的设备（如空调）。然而这里的风格显著。
hostel:旅馆
Facilities: private bathroom, air-con, TV, telephone, and Internet access, cable TV access.
设施：卫生间，空调，电视，电话，电缆接口，网线端口。
cable:电缆
And because Indians tend to run the air-con all the time, the motors are designed to be quiet.
因为印度人一般都会全天运行空调，所以发动机照顾设计成静音的。
tend:照顾
But of course the air -con is running so it will be cool, and get a spacious vehicle to enjoy moments much better.
但当然啦，要有空调以便空气是凉爽的并且要有一个宽敞的车才能享受更更好的时刻。
better:更好
In ftake air-con tion- throughout history people of m different cultures haudio-videoe regarded love as a noblest of human emotions.
事实上，纵观历史，不同文明背景的人都把爱被视为是人类最高尚的情感。
regarded:被视为
In ftake air-con tion- throughout history people of m different cultures haudio-videoe regarded love as a noblest of human emotions.
事实上，纵观历史，不同文明背景的人都把爱看成是人类最高尚的爱。
love:爱
This paper develops a new method to evaluate air velocity in air conditioned room by means of frequency spectrum analysis and correlation analysis based on random process theory, With this method.
本文以随机过程理论为依据，用频谱分析和相关分析为手段，提供了一个评价空调房间空气速度的新方法。
air:空气
This paper develops a new method to evaluate air velocity in air conditioned room by means of frequency spectrum analysis and correlation analysis based on random process theory, With this method.
本文以随机过程理论为依据，用频谱分析和相关分析为手段，提供了一个评价空调房间空气速度的新方法。
air:空气
The feasibility of application of heat pump type air conditioner sets on air conditioned passenger cars is analyzed from the interests of technology and economy.
从技术与经济意义上对热泵类型空调机组应用于空调客车上的可行性进行了分析。
type:类型
The feasibility of application of heat pump type air conditioner sets on air conditioned passenger cars is analyzed from the interests of technology and economy.
从技术与经济意义上对热泵式空调机组技术于空调客车上的可行性进行了分析。
technology:技术
Main cab is sound dampened, air conditioned with ergonomically designed controls for all work functions as well as track travel.
该隔音主司机室带有符合人体工学设计的空调，并可操作包括轨道旅行在内的所有作业。
travel:旅行
The air conditioned bedrooms at the hotel are equipped with modern conveniences that make your stay a comfortable one.
客人们装备了空调是高雅的家具和装备良好，设施，使您的逗留愉快的一间卧室的选择。
equipped:装备
Central air conditioner, automatic fire alarm, closed circuit TV watching system, communication network, public broadcasting and cable TV are all available in the exhibition hall.
展览大厅配有中央空调、自动火警、闭路电视、通讯网络、广播和电缆。
cable:电缆
For its existence as a big city, Phoenix depends on the air conditioner and imported water.
它作为一个大城市能够取决于存在，靠的是空调和从外面运来的水。
depends:取决于
But natural cooling techniques have been used for as long as humans have been building homes; after all, the modern air conditioner is a relatively recent invention.
但是，尽管现代空调器是一种相对新兴的发明，自然冷却技术的使用却和人类建筑房屋的历史一样久远。
building:建筑
A: At highway speeds you are best off closing the windows and sunroof, because opening them often causes enough drag to offset any savings from turning off the air conditioner.
答：当在高速公路上行驶时，你最好把车窗和天窗都关上，否则通常会带来相当大的拖拉，抵消掉不开空调省下的油钱。
drag:拖拉
We met up with a paper fan maker who had just bought a new fridge to add to his recent purchases: a TV, an air conditioner, a washer, and a microwave.
我见到一个造纸洗手，他刚刚买了一台冰箱，这是他近期一些列的购买计划这一。他们已经购买了一台电视，一台空调，一台洗衣机和一台微波炉。
washer:洗手
This type of construction is an enormous electricity saver, and in fact, many require no heat or air conditioning, since the earth maintains a nearly unwavering temperature in the home year round.
这种类型的建筑是一个强大的热者。事实上，自从地球一年四季保持了一个几近恒温的室内温度后，很多人不再需要热气和空调。
heat:热
Just as Americans are fascinated by China, a similar fascination exists in China about our lifestyle, our cars, homes, popular culture, and air conditioning — but not our political system.
就像美国人迷恋于中国一样，中国人也向往我们的生活方式、汽车、家庭、流行文化还有空调——但不包括我们的政治体系。
fascination:迷恋
Natural wind especially the crosswind has serious effect on the safety and economic operation of direct air- cooled units.
自然风特别是横向越风直接空冷机组的安全、经济运行有着重要的影响。
crosswind:越风
The results indicate that the air temperature of air- cooled radiator's inlet and outlet declines remarkably in the air- cooled cell which contains spray humidification device.
结果表明，含有雾化增湿装置的空冷单元，空冷散热器入口和出口的空气温度都有明显的下降。
declines:下降
It is important to establish the performance evaluation method by investigating the influences of various operating parameters on the direct air- cooled condenser performance.
研究操作空冷凝汽器性能的影响因素，从而制定空冷凝汽器性能考核评价方法具有重要意义。
operating:操作
Programing in FORTRAN, this paper has realized fast prediction of temperature distribution in forced air-cooled sealed box based on thermal analysis software CAL.
本文以CAL软件为基础，结合FORTRAN语言编程计算，实现了强迫热密封机箱内温度分布的快速预测。
thermal:热
It can be a help for the engineering design to deeply analyze the structure behavior and have an examination research on the typical joints and members in the air - cooled condenser structure system.
深入分析空气冷凝器支架结构的结构性能，对其结构体系和典型节点、构件进行试验研究，可为它提供有益建议。
It:它
It is of great importance to investigate the performance of air- cooled steam condensers at various operating conditions for the running improvement of the direct air- cooled units in China.
掌握火电站空冷凝汽器在各种工况下的运行特性，对于提高我国操作空冷机组的运行水平具有重要意义。
operating:操作
The aircraft is powered by a 360hp air-cooled, four -stroke, petrol (gasoline) piston engine.
飞机由一台360马力风冷、四冲程汽油活塞发动机有动力动力。
powered:有动力
Express appreciation. Many years ago, I was a junior U .S. Navy pilot in the Mediterranean, serving on our newest nuclear aircraft carrier with the most modern aircraft in the U .S. Navy.
许多年前，我是一个在地中海海军的一个美国海军初级飞行员，在我们最先进的核航空母舰上海军，有航母上有美国空军中最现代飞机。
Navy:海军
Express appreciation. Many years ago, I was a junior U .S. Navy pilot in the Mediterranean, serving on our newest nuclear aircraft carrier with the most modern aircraft in the U .S. Navy.
许多年前，我是一个在地中海海军的一个美国海军初级飞行员，在我们最先进的核航空母舰上海军，有航母上有美国空军中最现代飞机。
Navy:海军
A logical Indian response to this latest demand would be to tell the Russians that they can keep their hulk and either find a new supplier or accelerate the Indian indigenous aircraft carrier program.
印度合乎逻辑的反应应该是，告诉不断需求追加预算的俄国人，要么印度打算去寻找新的航母改造商或加速印度国产航空母舰的建造计划。
demand:需求
It was not immediately clear if the American and South Korean flotilla, which included the United States aircraft carrier George Washington, had sailed into that area.
所以，倘若美国和韩国船队，包括乔治·华盛顿号航空母舰在内的船队驶入上述海域，该行为也不会立即就获得允许。
flotilla:船队
Earlier this month, China sent its first aircraft carrier on sea trials, a move that advertised Beijing's ambitions to become a global naval power.
本月早些时候，中国第一艘航空母舰出海试航，此举将中国野心成为全球海上大国的雄心壮志诏告天下。
ambitions:野心
The ￡30 million project is part of the UK Military Flying Training System (UKMFTS), which will revamp training for military air crew over the next 25 years.
该3000万英镑项目是英国军事飞行训练系统（UKMFTS）的一部分 ，在今后的25年将重新调整军事飛行的训练。
Flying:飛行
The ￡30 million project is part of the UK Military Flying Training System (UKMFTS), which will revamp training for military air crew over the next 25 years.
该3000万英镑项目是英国军事飞行训练系统（UKMFTS）的一部分 ，在今后的25年将重amp调整军事空勤人员的训练。
revamp:重amp
The ￡30 million project is part of the UK Military Flying Training System (UKMFTS), which will revamp training for military air crew over the next 25 years.
该3000万英镑项目是英国军事飞行训练系统（UKMFTS）的以上 ，在今后的25年将重新调整军事空勤人员的训练。
over:以上
Tests on three helicopter aircrews returning to the carrier after conducting missions near Sendai meanwhile "identified low levels of radioactivity on 17 air crew members," the statement said.
声明表示：”对返回仙台附近执行完救灾任务后返回航空母舰的3个机组人员检测后，发现17个机组人员都遭受到轻微的核辐射。
returning:返回
Sully has always kept in mind the air - crew ejection study he learned about in his military days.
萨伦伯格一直牢记着在军事服役时学的飞行人员弹射研究。
military:军事
Training is simulated air cabin crew an important professional skills courses to enhance the professional skills of students and to strengthen the sense of service useful.
客舱模拟实训是空中乘务专业一门重要的专业技能课，对于提高学生的专业操作技能和强化服务感觉很有益处。
sense:感觉
The new trainers will prepare fast jet aircrew for flying front -line aircraft with a modern cockpit environment of digital displays sophisticated navigation and advanced avionics.
新的教练机将为前线飞行飞机配备快速喷气飞机空勤人员，以及数字显示的精密导航和先进飞行电子设备的现代驾驶舱环境。
flying:飞行
Live video can be sent to the flight deck displays, giving aircrew accurate situational awareness during airborne refuelling.
实况视频可以生活发送回机内的显示器，可以使驾驶员在进行加油时可以获得精确的态势感知能力。
Live:生活
The new system also includes Cubic's Individual Combat Aircrew Display System, or ICADS (tm), used in nine nations throughout the world for ACMI debriefs.
新系统也包括库比克个人戰鬥成员显示系统，或称为ICADS（tm），该系统已用于全球9个国家的ACMI任务执行情况汇报软件。
Combat:戰鬥
Aircrew members under the influence of alcoholic drinks, narcotics or other drugs which would affect their working capabilities shall not perform flight duties.
民用航空器机组人员受到酒类饮料、麻醉剂或者其他麻醉品的影响，损及工作能力的，不得执行飞行任务。
narcotics:麻醉品
Along with the development of our country's infrastructure, more and more high quality highways have been emerging in many areas such as soft clay ground, airdrome, etc.
随着我国基本建设的发展，在软粘土地区兴建高速公路、机场跑道等高等级公路同益增加。
highways:公路
A method is provided for the arithmetic of bomb consuming go conventional missile damage airdrome target, and this model deserves military applied value in practice.
为常规导弹武器打击机场目标耗量的最优算法提供了一种方法，具有一定的目标。
target:目标
The Tower Simulator System attaches texture on the 3D -module that is constructed by tri-module- tool, so there are a lot of airdrome pictures used in the system.
塔台模拟机利用在三维建模工具塔的3D模型上进行纹理贴图来渲染生成机场环境，这要用到大量的机场图片。
Tower:塔
The Tower Simulator System attaches texture on the 3D -module that is constructed by tri-module- tool, so there are a lot of airdrome pictures used in the system.
塔台模拟机利用在三维建模工具构造的3D模型上进行纹理贴图来渲染生成机场环境，这要用到大量的机场3D。
3D:3D
The influence of the field airdrome environment on air force logistics is analyzed in the paper.
分析了机场机场环境对后勤保障影响的问题。
airdrome:机场
Investigation of airdrome runway based on detection of region of interest.
基于兴趣区检测的远距离机场目标识别调查。
Investigation:调查
Based on old reconnaissance photos, I made the following airdrome plan on Google Earth. The various facilities were represented by symbols of different shape or colors.
利用空照图绘制的花莲港南飞行机场平面图如下，不同的设施已用不同形状或颜色的符号标出。
airdrome:机场
In the following 1969 CORONA satellite image, Batei Airdrome was visible, although the taxiway on the east side had vanished.
在下面这张1969年拍摄的CORONA卫星照片中，八块飞行机场的轮廓依然清晰可见，只有最东边的一条疏散道消失不见。
Airdrome:机场
It can obviously reduce parachute area and shock - load of equipment to use the buffering devices of air- drop to land.
利用着陆缓冲装置可以明显地减少降落伞的面积，同时大幅度地减少空投载荷着陆所承受的冲击载荷。
reduce:减少
In the paper, flow pattern and pressure drop for air - water two- phase flow in rolling horizontal and vertical pipes were studied experimentally at room temperature condition.
通过改变管径、雷诺数、摇摆幅值和摇摆阶段，分析了这些因素对摇摆状态下的单相摩擦系数的影响。
phase:阶段
In the paper, flow pattern and pressure drop for air - water two- phase flow in rolling horizontal and vertical pipes were studied experimentally at room temperature condition.
通过改变管径、雷诺数、摇摆幅值和摇摆周期，分析了这些因素对摇摆条件下的单相摩擦系数的影响。
condition:条件
Dispersion characteristics of oil drop size in air - lift internal loop reactor were studied.
本文研究了空气内环流反应器中油滴的分散特性。
air:空气
Correlations for the air - side and water- side pressure drop are obtained under evaporatively cooled conditions.
在蒸发冷却时获得的了空气侧和热水侧的阻力降关联式。
obtained:获得的
Experiments of heat transfer and pressure drop in a corrugated plate air-cooled heat exchanger were conducted with variable supply air and hot water flow rates.
在可冷却风量和热水流量的实验条件下，对波纹板式空冷器的阻力与传热特性进行实验研究。
cooled:冷却
The gas phase pressure drop characteristic was studied using air - water. The dry and wet bed gas phase pressure drop were measured respectively under different gas flux, liquid flux and rotating speed.
以空气和水为实验物系，采用改变气、液流量和转速的方法，分别研究三角形螺旋填料旋转床的干、湿床空气压降；
air:空气
Prospects the application of hydrocarbon refrigerants to automobile air-conditioners and considers that they may be a drop-in substitute for R12.
同时，展望了碳氢制冷剂在汽车空调中的应用前景，考虑其有可能成为R12的直接充注替代物。
considers:考虑
For most attendees from the U.S., their total airfare, hotel, and conference registration is less than the cost of just registering for other major conferences.
对于来自美国的大多数出席者而言，他们的机票费、酒店和注册费用之和甚至比其他主要会议的注册费用还要低。
attendees:出席者
Bookmark travel sites for finding inexpensive airfare, hotel etc., and book at least two weeks in advance.
发现便宜的机票和旅店等时要及时做好记号，然后至少提前两周去预定。
finding:发现
He says BFS would be capable of powering airfare search and pricing on metasearch and airline websites, but there are no plans to unveil at this time.
他表示，BFS有能力向元搜索网站和航空公司网站电源机票搜索和定价引擎的技术支持，但Expedia现阶段没有相关计划。
powering:电源
The Museum is located at the edge of the airfield. In general, exhibits are in good condition, although almost all of them need small repairs and the painting.
这座博物馆位于一个机场的边缘。总体来说，展览品条件良好，尽管这些展览品几乎都需要进行小维修和喷漆。
condition:条件
As an analyst noted last week, China is like a plane with engine trouble circling round an airfield until the fuel runs out.
正如上周一个分析师指出的，中国就像引擎出去的飞机在机场盘旋，直到燃料耗尽。
out:出去
The cassettes were then transported to a disused airfield in Suffolk where they were sprayed and cured before delivery to the site in Stevenage.
这些盒子之后被交货到位于萨福克的一处废弃机场进行喷涂和加工，再交货到位于斯蒂夫尼奇的基地。
delivery:交货
It appeared they had pushed the boundaries too far in 2006 when Hammond nearly died while filming a stunt at Elvington airfield near York.
2006年哈蒙德在英国约克郡的埃尔维顿机场拍摄汽车特技同时差点殒命，看来有同时候他们玩得过火了点。
while:同时
Over the years, China has increased its military presence on the islands, building a military airfield and an intelligence monitoring facility that can be used for operations in the South China Sea.
近年来，中国在各岛屿上增加驻军，建筑军用机场以及可以用来监视整个南海地区活动的情报监督设备。
building:建筑
South African Airforce bosses scrambled a helicopter to pick up the passenger after the blunder near Langebaanweg airfield, 80 miles north of Cape Town.
在开普敦北面80英里处的朗厄班韦赫机场附近犯了如此一个大错后，南非空军的领导们迅速派出一架直升机疯狂接那个乘客。
scrambled:疯狂
The Times also obtained a copy of the image, whose co- ordinates confirm that it is the Shamsi airfield, also known as Bandari, about 200 miles southwest of the Pakistani city of Quetta.
泰晤士报也获得的了该图片，图片的坐标证实其为沙姆西机场，，该机场又被称作班得瑞，位于巴基斯坦城市奎达西南约200英里。
obtained:获得的
"We are going to take care of you ." A U .S. trauma doctor leans in and offers comforting words to a serviceman with massive wounds to both lower legs at an airfield in Kandahar, Afghanistan.
阿富汗坎大哈一处简易机场，一名美国创伤科医生正在俯下身安慰一名两侧小腿均大面积伤口的士兵，“我们会好好给你治疗的！”
wounds:伤口
This airflow pushes waste toward the bottom of the toilet, drawing it into a bag, holding solid waste, but letting the air through.
这样一来，排泄物会被空气抽到马桶底部的一个袋中，固体部分被收集起来，空气则被过滤掉。
air:空气
Although the new model better illustrates how spiders "fly ," there is still room for refinement, and the team plans to observe spiders in turbulent airflow inside wind tunnels to improve the model.
尽管新模式能更好地解释蜘蛛为何能“飞”，这里仍存在精炼的空间。研究小组计划通过观察处于风道中强气流�的蜘蛛进一步改进这一模式。
refinement:精炼
The vest detects the orientation and position of the helium atoms and sends the data to a computer, which turns it into an image of airflow through the lung.
背心能够探测到氦原子方向和定位，然后把数据传给计算机，再转化成一副气流流经肺部的图像。
orientation:定位
The outer small turning vanes are now more straight (1) and lower, while the endplate itself is more curved towards the outside (3) at the rear to better direct airflow away from the front tyres.
向外曲线的小叶片（1）现在更直更低，同时尾盘端板本身（3）也在后端加大了向外弯曲，以更好得引到来自前胎的气流。
curved:曲线
Up to 20 percent of the top airflow should bleed off down the sidewalls.
高达20%的顶部气流应由侧壁向下空气流动。
airflow:空气流动
Cannery Row, at the time, had the biggest industrial canning operation on the west coast.
那时的坎纳里鲁夫，有着西海岸最大的工业化罐头罐头。
Cannery:罐头
Rolf Bolin, who was a professor at the Hopkin's Marine Station where I work, wrote in the 1940s that the fumes from the scum floating on the inlets of the baywere so bad they turned lead-based paints black.
我所工作的霍普金的海洋研究站的罗尔夫·博林教授，在二十世纪40年代指出，海湾入口里浮沫所散发的臭气特别难闻那里有含铅的黑油漆。
paints:油漆
What'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here, and they will accumulate in the drunkest, stingiest people.
接下来发生的事情就是保丽龙花生会开始在我们的人里流通，并且它们会集中在最吝啬的醉鬼身上。
people:人
The dolphins eat the fish that have PCBs from the plankton, and those PCBs, being fat-soluble, accumulate in these dolphins.
海豚吃了从浮游生物那里得到了PCB分子的小鱼，这些脂肪溶性的PCB分子就富集在了海豚体内。
fat:脂肪
This is whale meat that I photographed in a grocery store in Tokyo.
这是我在东京一家肉类拍到的鲸鱼肉。
meat:肉类
And that huge load was passing into the people that ate this meat.
这些有害物质都流入到肉类这些肉的人身体内。
meat:肉类
That's a tragedy for those populations, but it's also a tragedy for the people eating them, because they don't know that that's toxic meat.
对海豚来说这是一场悲剧，但对肉类它们的人类来说同样是一场悲剧，因为他们并不知道这是有毒的肉。
meat:肉类
And for the very first time in my scientific career, I broke scientific protocol, which is that you take the data and publish them in scientific journals and then begin to talk about them.
在我科学生涯中，我第一次打破了科学的协议，就是公布数据并发布在科学杂志上，然后再谈论它们。
publish:公布
They cannot feed their offspring, their children, their breast milk because of the accumulation of these toxins in their food chain, in their part of the world's ocean pyramid.
她们不能用她们的乳汁来喂养她们的孩子们因为富集的毒素在她们的饲料之中，在她们世界中的一部分在海洋金字塔饲料里。
feed:饲料
And if you can see on some surfing sites,in fact, not only do you see what the waves are like or what the weather's like, but on some surf rider sites, you see a little flashing poo alert.
如果你登录一些冲浪网站，实际上不光能看到冲浪和天气如何，有一些冲浪者网站，还会有一些闪烁的警示。
surf:冲浪
This is just a simple list of some of the types of poisons that come out of these harmful algal blooms: shellfish poisoning,fish ciguatera,
这是几种有毒毒药的清单说明了这些有毒海藻的危害：贝毒、甲藻鱼毒、
poisons:毒药
and they can carry on their little legs some of the cholera bacteria that then leads to human disease.
弧菌会依附在它们细小的腿上然后使人类疾病。
disease:疾病
BJ: So every moment it's on the stage, it's making the struggle.
贝索 琼斯：所以每时每刻在舞台上，它都会试着斗争活下去。
struggle:斗争
It was just called "Tall Horse," which was a life-sized giraffe.
名字叫做“高马”的，是一个真长颈鹿高的木偶
Tall:高
and it did work; it walked and it was able to be ridden.
它居然真的能动，能行走能骑
walked:行走
and it did work; it walked and it was able to be ridden.
它居然真的能动，能迷路能骑
ridden:迷路
And we went back to Cape Town and redesigned the horse completely.
我们回到克珀城，重新重新设计了整匹马。
redesigned:重新设计
there was no contact for the whole duration of the time,
在整个工作持续时间没有任何联系，
duration:持续时间
If you were lucky there was a public phone hanging in the corridor or somewhere.
你要是很幸运，在走廊在那儿或某在那儿可以用一个公共电话。
there:在那儿
If you were lucky there was a public phone hanging in the corridor or somewhere.
你要是很幸运，在走廊某处或某某处可以用一个公共电话。
somewhere:某处
And this has become such a norm of our professional lives,
这已成为我们职业生涯标准，
norm:标准
They were living on top of the workshops where they were working.
他们生活在他们工作坊的车间。
workshops:工作坊
which has some value in community building -- lots of it --
这对社区建筑具有重大意义-
building:建筑
and he provided a really stable home for me and my siblings
他提供我和兄弟姐妹们提供了一个安稳的家，
provided:提供
There goes my dog who led me to the park in my wedding.
我的狗正把我牵到婚礼举行的在那儿。
There:在那儿
I was going to be an artist and be a sculptor.
我会成为一名雕塑家， 一名雕刻家
sculptor:雕塑家
Everybody advised me not to be a nonprofit, but they were all wrong.
每个人都劝我不要成立一个非营利的非营利性，但他们都错了。
nonprofit:非营利性
And the reason being a nonprofit is important is actually twofold.
作为非营利非营利性，它的重要性是有两个原因。
nonprofit:非营利性
There are many reasons, but the two that merit the little bit of time is:
原因有很多，但这两个美德我们花时间去讲述。
merit:美德
We were using it at lunch today in the sunlight, and the more sunlight the better.
今天午餐的时候我们在日光下使用它，而且日光越足效果越更好。
better:更好
And so, we have to drop in satellite dishes. We put in generators.
所以我们要在那里设置卫星天线。我们要设置发电卫星。
satellite:卫星
Again, when you're a nonprofit, you look at children as a mission, not as a market.
再一次地，当你是非盈利非营利性时，你把孩子们看成是一个使命，而不是一个市场。
nonprofit:非营利性
This was a period in my life where I was traveling 330 days per year.
那一段年份我一年大概有330天都是在旅行。
year:年份
Use your mailing lists. People in this room have extraordinary mailing lists.
利用你的邮寄列表。在座的各位都有不同寻常的邮寄列表。
mailing:邮寄
Use your mailing lists. People in this room have extraordinary mailing lists.
利用你的邮寄列表。在座的各位都有不同寻常的邮寄列表。
mailing:邮寄
I just want to end with one last one. This one is not even
我想以一个最新的消息来最后我的演讲。这件事情
last:最后
And it's been slow coming, and we're only making about 5,000 a week,
进程有些慢，我们每周只能制造五千台，
making:制造
And when I look out in the future, I can't imagine a world, 500 years from now,
当我展望未来的未来，我无法想象从现在起的五百年后，
future:未来
assuming we're still around, I can't imagine the world not being populated with robots.
假设我们仍然存在，我无法想象这个世界不有人口的机器人所占据。
populated:有人口的
LEGO Mindstorms, Furbies -- who here -- did anyone here have a Furby?
比如LEGO头脑风暴和Furbies（两者都是电子机器人雷戈）——这里谁曾买过Furby？
LEGO:雷戈
At the bottom right is one that I built in my lab
右下角是我10年前在自己的实验室里建造的机器人，
built:建造
we didn't even have our own creation event, here on earth,
我们在地球上甚至没有自己的创造创造，
creation:创造
And here the standard scenario is that we create these things,
这里标准的情景就是我们创造了他们，
scenario:情景
While she's doing these graceful arabesques and plies and what have you,
当她做着优雅的舞姿期间
While:期间
And this is the scene that greeted me when I landed there.
这也正是我登陆后迎接我的景象
landed:登陆
And one piece of engineering that I want to leave you with
我想给大家真是的就是这项工程中的片子
piece:片子
And we, as now the elite, parents, librarians, professionals, whatever it is,
而我们， 社会精英、家长、图书管理员、图书馆员、以及其他各界人士，
librarians:图书馆员
a bunch of our activities are, in fact, in trying to get the best we have to offer
事实上已经开展了一系列的活动，从而尽可能地提供最好的事实
fact:事实
I think that's one of the reasons why the Kindle is so great.
也许这就是Kindle之所以如此伟大的的一个原因
great:伟大的
fly them to Uganda, buy a car, set up the first Internet connection
飞往乌干达，并在那里买了一辆车，
buy:买
But it actually turns out to be pretty hard to turn pages, and the volume isn't there.
但是要想做到翻页还是很困难的，所以完成的音量还是不够大
volume:音量
So anyway -- so we ended up making our own book scanner,
不论如何，我们制造了属于自己的图书扫描器
making:制造
We've now got eight of these scanning centers in three countries,
我们已经在三个中心建立了8个这样的扫描中心
centers:中心
that aren't served terribly well by the classic commercial publishing system.
它们还没有被传统的出版出版系统掌控
publishing:出版
We have about 40,000 concerts, everything the Grateful Dead ever did,
我们现在有大约4万场音乐会，包括GratefulDeal乐队曾经音乐会过的
concerts:音乐会
that you can then go and see old websites kind of the way they were.
你可以看到网站老的页面
old:老
Mostly, people want to see their old stuff out of this.
大部分人是希望看到他们老的页面
old:老
and publishing in the future, just as we basically benefited as we were growing up?
协调发展，使得双方都能成长获益，并从中受益？
benefited:获益
it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris.
它在你的脚步之后跳跃起来，努力抓住残片。
leaps:跳跃
they just determined that fungi use radiation as a source of energy,
刚刚确定真菌利用辐射作为辐射来源，
radiation:辐射
So, this one mushroom, in particular, has drawn our interest over time.
随着时间的拉着，这个蘑菇引起我们的特别兴趣。
drawn:拉着
We found one sample to be able to get into culture.
我们发现样品可以进行培养。
sample:样品
I then received my second patent -- and this is a big one.
然后我收到的了我的第二个专利——这是个大专利，
received:收到的
The Life Box -- you're gonna be getting a DVD of the TED conference --
生命盒——你会议从TED得到一份DVD——
conference:会议
because I pick up the phone and I call and say,
因为我只用打个呼叫，说，
call:呼叫
We stopped tilling, so that we could prevent greenhouse gasses from going into the air.
我们停止翻土，从而我们可能预防温室空气进入空气。
air:空气
And you can install this in your hive and replace that dead-out.
你可以把这包蜜蜂安装蜂箱中更新死光的蜂群。
install:安装
father to son, father to son, and these guys are hurting.
从父亲到子女都在忙着侍弄蜜蜂。
father:父亲
father to son, father to son, and these guys are hurting.
从父亲到子女都在忙着侍弄蜜蜂。
father:父亲
because having a meadow or living by a meadow is transformational.
因为拥有一片牧草地或者居住在牧草地旁边是完全不一样的。
meadow:牧草地
because having a meadow or living by a meadow is transformational.
因为拥有一片牧草地或者居住在牧草地旁边是完全不一样的。
meadow:牧草地
You never run out of that companion as you drink this wine, too.
当你喝下这个葡萄酒你也永远不会离开那个伴。
companion:伴
So I'm not saying that you should plant a meadow of pot,
所以我不是说你应该在花盆中种一片牧草地，
meadow:牧草地
And if we want to cure ourselves of NDD, or Nature Deficit Disorder,
所以如果我们想治愈我们的NDD或者大自然赤字
Deficit:赤字
includes beekeepers and it includes bees and it includes those meadows.
有养蜂人、蜂和那些草地。
meadows:草地
as you grow your meadow and as you keep your bees
种植牧草地、饲养蜜蜂
meadow:牧草地
She goes back to reading her book, which is unfortunately titled "Rape."
她继续看书，巧得很书标题《强奸》
titled:标题
Now in the meantime, the two Danish guys to the left of the camera,
这时候摄像头旁的两名丹麦男人们
guys:男人们
Looking at the entire facade -- there were 70 total windows --
我望着整栋楼的外墙－一共有70个窗户
facade:外墙
So I like that concept of using their own technology against them.
我很喜欢这个概念，用他们的技术应对对方
concept:概念
So there's a photograph that illustrates it a little bit better.
另外一张照片照的比较更好
better:更好
I think it's time for us to apply them to water.
我想是时候将这些它运用到水质检测了
it:它
And you might say it's about the reverse engineering of religions.
你可以叫它宗教版的”生物逆向它“
it:它
Now that very idea, I think, strikes terror in many people,
这个想法想必会让很多人恐怖
terror:恐怖
in high school, in public schools, in private schools and in home schooling.
都要学校教育学生认识世界各大宗学校教育
schooling:学校教育
that I'm shocked to think anybody would find that just ridiculous.
我很震惊有人会觉得这个想法荒唐
shocked:震惊
have grown in population, technology and intelligence to a position of terrible power.
除了数量激增，还发明出具有可怕智力的科技和文明
intelligence:智力
Here's another one -- "For instance, your brain can store 100 trillion facts.
另外一个例子是：“例如，你的大脑可以存储一百万亿个事实。
facts:事实
and make them my disciples. Baptize them in the name of the Father,
奉圣父、圣子、圣灵洗礼给他们受洗
Baptize:洗礼
I don't believe it and I think this idea, popular as it is -- not in this guise
我不相信这种模因所传递的思想，无论它多流行
believe:相信
they can actually hear amazing things. Your ears can hear 10 octaves.
但它们却能听见10个八度音阶，这很令人惊奇。
amazing:令人惊奇
Now we owe the idea that space can ring like a drum
宇宙能发出鼓一样环形的这个想法来自于
ring:环形
imagine two black holes that have lived a long life together.
想象两个已经一起生命了很长时间的黑洞。
life:生命
Now of course, your head would be squeezed and stretched unhelpfully,
当然，你会无助地发现你的头也伸展挤压和拉伸，
stretched:伸展
Now that chirp is very characteristic of black holes merging --
那个尖锐的尖叫是黑洞融合的标志 -
chirp:尖叫
not in terms of any status that you can command in the society,
也非你所拥有的社会条款。
terms:条款
Then we went on to the dreaded fractions. Again, he got it.
之后，我们又进入到可怕的那么。他又学会了。
Then:那么
and I say, "Well, let's see. You're having trouble taking left turns.
说，“奥，你左轮流有点问题，
turns:轮流
And you can go to the site right now. It's all free. Not trying to sell anything.
你现在就可以登录网站查找。全是免费的，我们不出售任何东西。
sell:出售
Or even better, "Let me get one of the green kids
或者更好说，“让我找个绿色的孩子
better:更好
And then you can see, eventually, they were able to get 10 in a row.
然后就像你所看到的一样，最后终于，他们得到了10然后，
then:然后
how much all of the labels maybe a lot of us have benefited from
现在我们已经获益各种标签
benefited:获益
As a physician, I have to try and define what's going on,
去一个医生，我必须尝试阐释这些现象
going:去
it's just going to be one of the LEDs that's flashing very fast.
只有一个发光LED快速的闪着光。
LEDs:LED
but what I'll show you next is updated science, it's updated technology.
接下来我要给你们看的是最新的科学，最新的它
it:它
These sausage-shaped things are the chromosomes, and we'll focus on them.
这些形状像香肠的是染色体，我们集中注意力讲一下他们
focus:集中注意力
But what we're going to focus on is this red region -- I've labeled it red here --
我们要集中注意力在这个红色区域，我把它标成红色
focus:集中注意力
Here is the old story -- we've already heard a little bit about it:
这里先说说老的老方式。这个我们已经知道了一些。
old:老
it won the first tournament, and even after everyone knew it won,
这个策略赢了第一场锦标赛，甚至在大家都知道这件事之后，
tournament:锦标赛
it won the second tournament -- that's known as tit for tat.
还赢了第二场锦标赛。这个策略就是以牙还牙。
tournament:锦标赛
a significant percentage would reject any offer that's not close to 50/50.
有显著的百分比的人会拒绝任何少于50/50的分配。
percentage:百分比
my four siblings -- my mom and I -- taken in 1977.
我的兄弟姐妹，妈妈和我在1977年的照片
mom:妈妈
who told her this, and then tutored her for two days intensively,
告诉她这些，并对她进行了两天的突击教导
tutored:教导
but I'm able to live with it, to cope with it,
但是我可以和它和平共处，我活处理好它，
live:活
From the very first rehearsal, I saw the bright future ahead.
从第一次试演开始，我就看到了光明的未来。
rehearsal:试演
When I arrived at the rehearsal, only 11 kids had shown up,
当我来到试演的场地，发现只来了11个孩子。
rehearsal:试演
illustrate this at least as best I can, in the world of entertainment.
我会尽我最好的来说明一些娱乐界的未来案例。
best:最好的
"My God! What a terrible image you get when you look at still pictures on TV."
“上帝呀，用电视来看仍旧是多么糟的一个场景呀”
still:仍旧
you have to just do it twice, you have to touch the screen
你只需要做两次. 你需要触摸屏幕,
touch:触摸
it's nice that they exist because it still is better than nothing.
它们的存在至少比什么都没有要更好.
better:更好
you make a film and it has a well-formed beginning, middle and end,
你可以电影一个有着很好开头,中间和结尾的电影.
film:电影
And of course, good education has got to be good entertainment,
当然，好的课程就是一种好的娱乐。
course:课程
whom they'd actually come to see -- not the computer room --
他们其实不是来看电脑电脑的，而是来见校长的
computer:电脑
120 kids -- three per desk -- one teacher, a little bit of chalk.
120个小孩子，三个人一张办公桌。 一个老师，一点粉笔。
desk:办公桌
my secretary would get his head out and bring it and set it on the desk,
我的秘书将把他的秘书拿出来，带过来然后放在桌子上。
secretary:秘书
my secretary would get his head out and bring it and set it on the desk,
我的秘书将把他的头拿出来，带过来然后放在办公桌上。
desk:办公桌
and the empty chair is that person and the spatiality is crucial.
然后那个人的椅子是空的。空间性就变的很关键了。
chair:椅子
that was molded in the face -- literally in the face of the person.
塑造成脸的成型，字面上是这个人的脸型。
molded:成型
Now, we also do some pretty amazing things with these phones.
目前，我们还在电话上做了一些非常令人惊奇事情
amazing:令人惊奇
And looking at that pattern. And what does that decline in social health
看那个模型。社交健康衰落意味着什么呢，
decline:衰落
because of our collecting data streams that we've actually never done before.
因为我们数据数据的方法是我们从来没有使用过的。
data:数据
it has nothing to do with whales, it's the Oregon Center for Aging and Technology --
这跟鲸鱼没有关系，这是俄勒冈州的老龄化它中心-
it:它
it has nothing to do with whales, it's the Oregon Center for Aging and Technology --
这跟鲸鱼没有关系，这是俄勒冈州的老龄化它中心-
it:它
It's not that innovation and technology is going to be the
创新和它不会成为
It:它
"Listen, I'm going back to the swamp mermaid. Can you call me in a little while?"
听着，我现在要提到沼泽美人鱼了。你一会再叫我，好吗？
swamp:沼泽
without heart and without love it's just -- it's all meaningless.
如果没有爱和爱，这些全都一无是处。
love:爱
So you wander around in the darkness, and you bump into something,
然后你在黑暗中漫步，你碰撞到了个东西，
wander:漫步
Let's see, starting with -- let's start with a gentleman first,
让我们看看，从 -- 从先生开始，
gentleman:先生
OK sir, what year was it, first of all? That's why I start with a gentleman first.
好的先生，先说下是哪一年？这就是为什么我要先从先生开始。
sir:先生
OK sir, what year was it, first of all? That's why I start with a gentleman first.
好的先生，先说下是哪一年？这就是为什么我要先从先生开始。
gentleman:先生
Anyone who's a musician has been profoundly influenced by Robert Moog.
任何一个音乐家都深受Robert Moog的受影响。
influenced:受影响
that the absence of play and a progressive suppression of developmentally normal play
发现玩耍的缺席和对正常发育的压抑
absence:缺席
that the absence of play and a progressive suppression of developmentally normal play
发现玩耍的缺乏和对正常镇压的压抑
suppression:镇压
And she begins to babble and coo and smile, and so does the baby.
然后她开始向宝贝说话，逗它和微笑，宝贝也做同样的事情。
baby:宝贝
jump up and down, wiggle around -- you're going to feel better.
跳上跳下，到处颤抖一下 -- 你会感觉好很多。
wiggle:颤抖
jump up and down, wiggle around -- you're going to feel better.
跳上跳下，到处动一下 -- 你会感觉更好很多。
better:更好
And he tried to figure out why. And he came to the conclusion, quite on his own,
他尝试的来了找出为什么。然后他得出一个结论，十分独特的结论，
came:来了
and that's his mom. Other situations wouldn't be quite so good.
这是他的妈妈，其他的一些情况不会像这么好。
mom:妈妈
These lionesses, seen from a distance, looked like they were fighting.
这些狮子座，从远处看，好像在争斗。
lionesses:狮子座
These lionesses, seen from a distance, looked like they were fighting.
这些狮子，从远处看，好像在战斗。
fighting:战斗
scream, be chaotic, and develop through that a lot of emotional regulation
尖叫，混乱的，会开发很多正常的情感
scream:尖叫
and they rehearse and they do some other things that help memory
他们排练，他们练习一些其他的事情，帮助记忆
rehearse:练习
So if we're going to study viral chatter, we need to
所以如果我们要研究病毒闲聊者，我们就需要
chatter:闲聊
And the basic objective of this work is not to just
此项工作最基本的目的不仅仅
objective:目的
They have a series of traps, of snares that they've set up
他们有一系列网罗的圈套和陷阱
snares:网罗
that we needed to get back to the lab within 48 hours.
我们需要将这些标本在48小时之内获得实验室。
get:获得
That's no longer the case. Logging roads provide access to urban areas.
事情已经不是这样子了。伐木道路建设提供这些村落提供了进城的的机会。
provide:提供
And somehow the idea that one would want to make art for the iPhone,
不知何故，为 iPhone 艺术艺术的想法，
art:艺术
And so I've been beginning, with a variety of different projects,
于是我便着手于一系列的项目，
projects:项目
And so those are the questions that are happening in the next projects.
这些问题基本上就是以下几个项目所要探讨的。
projects:项目
And you can see, just once again, how it's sort of finding my eyes
你可以看到，它又一次的发现了我的眼睛
finding:发现
are basically in the new realm of robotics -- for me, new for me.
在机器人技术领土基本上也都是新的，至少对我来说是新的。
realm:领土
I'd like to show you thing called Snout, which is --
我将为大家展示这个叫做长鼻的作品。
Snout:鼻
and it tries to look at the people who are moving around the most.
并且它在尽可能的朝那个尝试最多的人盯着看。
tries:尝试
But the truth is that I had a very happy childhood,
但是真话，我的童年非常愉快，
truth:真话
Now, what if my roommate knew about my friend Fumi Onda,
我的室友Fumi Onda是个无畏的女人，
roommate:室友
What if my roommate knew about my wonderfully ambitious hair braider,
给我辫辫子的室友最近刚刚成了自己的事业，开始售卖她的接发片，
roommate:室友
that actually if you could convert an entire country to electric cars,
如果你可以将整个国家转换到使用电力电，
electric:电
Alright? That's not something that we can finance or buy today.
对吧？那可不是我们今天可以买的汽车。
buy:买
First component is you charge the car whenever you stop --
第一个组成部分是每当你停车的时候，你让汽车充电－－
component:组成部分
If you park your car and didn't plug in the heater,
如果你把车插头了，不把暖气开着，
plug:插头
that you'd do swapping less times than you stop at a gas station.
你交换电池的频率比你加油的频率要低。
swapping:交换
We were asked in the past when we bought an electric car
过往当我们决定买一辆电力电，
electric:电
Nobody wants to buy a mini well when they buy a car.
买车的时候， 没有任何人想买一口小型井。
buy:买
Nobody wants to buy a mini well when they buy a car.
买车的时候， 没有任何人想买一口小型井。
buy:买
And I had to quit and come and do this thing called A Better Place.
我于是退出了SAP CEO的竞选，开始了这个名为“更比特的地方”的案子。
Better:比特
So if you want to buy a gasoline car in Denmark, it costs you about 60,000 Euros.
因此如果你在丹麦想买一辆汽油汽车，价钱大概是6万欧元左右。
buy:买
That is oh point oh well percent of the rest of the world.
那只是世界耗油量微不足道的休息。
rest:休息
You're looking at a world where cars are matched with windmills.
这将是一个汽车与风车风机相组合的世界。
windmills:风机
are the same old arguments that had been refuted again and again,
和那些被一次又一次的否定老的论据是一模一样的，
old:老
People like Kenneth Miller could be called a "godsend" to the evolution lobby --
像Kenneth Miller这样的人可以说是上帝赐给进化论游说人物的礼物 --
People:人物
Now, it may sound as though I'm about to preach atheism,
也许我现在听起来像是在为无神论宣教，
preach:宣教
there is no reason why those ideas shouldn't be as open to debate
我们并没有不去公开的讨论那些宗教的概念的为什么?
why:为什么?
there is no reason why those ideas shouldn't be as open to debate
我们并没有不去公开的辩论那些宗教的概念的理由
debate:辩论
easily capable of financing a massive research survey to settle the question,
可以轻易的资助一个大规模的研究研究来这个问题找个定论，
research:研究
belief in a personal God dropped to a shattering seven percent.
相信神的百分比剧减至百分之七。
percent:百分比
to stick on our banner than "tooth fairy" or "teapot agnostic."
牙仙子和茶壶不可知论者的更恰当的称号来往在我们的旗帜上
banner:旗帜
This has the advantage of a worldwide network of well-organized associations
它的优势是有着一个有协会良好的协会组成的世界性网络
associations:协会
But the truth of the matter is that this is going on.
但真话是打击行动正在进行。
truth:真话
become more democratic, be more open to change and to information.
使我们的打开更民主，更加与时俱进。
open:打开
out of businesses it had nothing -- it had no business being in.
权力退出商务，政府完全不应该掺杂到商业运作里
business:商务
we went from 4,500 landlines to 32 million GSM lines, and counting.
我们的4500条地上通讯线变为了3200万条全球移动通讯陆路线，而且还在增加，
landlines:陆路线
There's no issue with fighting malaria and putting money in that
这并不是说在战斗疟疾和拯救儿童的性命投入是不必的。
fighting:战斗
that they can buy the drugs to fight the disease themselves.
他们可以自行买药物以对抗疾病。?
buy:买
That's the critical change that is being inverted by the Net.
在区区15年间，从1万美金到250万美金，这就是网络所带来的关键逆转
inverted:逆转
Four and a half million users around the world, contributing their
它由来自全球的四百五十多万用户计算机用户组成
users:用户
It used to be wireless was one person owned the license, they transmitted in an
以前的无线它是一个人拥有授权，然后在一定区域里进行信息传输
It:它
Instead, what we see are social frameworks for all of the critical things that we use
今天，我们看到这种新的社会合作框架已经渗入到我们最重要的经济使用中
use:使用
So next time you open the paper, and you see an intellectual property decision,
所以，以后大家翻开报纸看到知识分子关于知识产权决定
intellectual:知识分子
that were present less than a billionth of a second after the universe began,
十亿分之一秒现在的状态
present:现在
about the value of science and engineering at the edge. It's easy to refute.
前沿科学和它的辩论，但这些很容易被反驳
It:它
- which has been hijacked by a phalanx of bandits and crooks
——被一大群土匪和匪徒劫持，
bandits:匪徒
is where a lot of the development aid and resources went into.
获得了大量的发展援助和援助。
aid:援助
Even if you go to West Africa, you notice that market activity
甚至你到西非去，你会发现那里的市场市场
market:市场
And here's the unromantic truth -- and the city air makes you free,
真话是：城市能带给人更多的自由
truth:真话
We went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over,
我们来了进去后坐在小亭子里，女服务员也来了了过来。
came:来了
I gave my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home.
演讲完后就开到机场飞回老家了
airport:机场
and so we should address that. But it's part of the puzzle.
这样的话我们应该解决这个问题，但是这又是个伤脑筋的谜题。
puzzle:谜题
based on the short-term returns, you're going to get short-term decisions.
根据短期获得，你必须做出短期决策。
get:获得
Somebody said the test we're facing now, a scientist told me,
有个科学家告诉我，科学家说我们现在面对的检验是，
scientist:科学家
And you can tell that, really, only the smallest fragments of branches
你们可以看到，真的，只有分枝最小的碎片
fragments:碎片
This is the magnetically-levitating board that they mentioned in the commercial.
这就是商业中出现的磁悬浮滑板。
commercial:商业
KS: So I'm sure all you engineers know that even though aluminum is
KS：我相信大家都知道虽然铝是一种铝，
aluminum:铝
Shape-retaining is common in metal: you bend a piece of aluminum foil,
保持形状是铝的常性。你折起一片铝箔 ，
aluminum:铝
at the Directors Bureau to develop a commercial from the future
罗曼和他的团队在Directors Bureau一起制作了这段商业，
commercial:商业
KS: Now the way it works: there's a matrix of color dyes.
KS：它工作的方式是：一个染料染料的矩阵。
dyes:染料
But like in the milk commercial, if you know what odor you want to detect,
就像刚才的牛奶商业一样，如果你知道你想测到什么样的香味，
commercial:商业
of what was possible in the world. Prior to seeing this,
都改变了我们对这个世界上可能的的认识。没看这个之前，
possible:可能的
he answered me directly and he said, "Because chefs don't deserve my foie gras."
他直接回答我回答：因为厨师配不上我的肥鹅肝。
answered:回答
And they slaughtered them, used the fat throughout the winter for cooking.
他们把鹅被屠杀了，整个冬天就用这油来煮
slaughtered:被屠杀
So now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,
现在我前面着我最喜欢的一幅画
front:前面
who said, what is ugly is a bad sale, la laideur se vend mal, which is terrible.
他说：丑物售货员不好 ，很可怕。
vend:售货员
That's why I say that. I say that, because, I repeat, nothing exist if it's not in the good reason,
因此我才这样说。东西不应存在，如果没有好的为什么?，
why:为什么?
We're going to win because we don't play their dirty games.
我们将胜利，因为我们不会玩他们这种肮脏的游戏。
win:胜利
We're going to win because the tears that come from our eyes
我们将胜利，因为从我们眼中流出的热泪
win:胜利
We're going to win because we are willing to stand up for our dreams."
我们将胜利，因为我们愿意为我们的梦想而奋斗。“
win:胜利
The babies in the United States are getting a lot better,
在美国的婴儿掌握这些发音比较更好，
better:更好
But the Taiwanese babies are getting better, not the American babies.
但这次台湾婴儿表现更好，而不是美国的婴儿。
better:更好
He says, "You wait. I'll be back," and he walked away.
他说：“你等等，我快去快回，”他行走之后。
walked:行走
there was this Pakistani Muslim guy who tried to blow up a car bomb.
有个巴基斯坦穆斯林男士试图自我引爆炸毁一个汽车。
guy:男士
I was watching the news. I'm like, "Am I involved in this crap?"
我监视这些消息，我有种罪恶感觉，“是不是我也参与进了这种破烂事？”
watching:监视
they were like, "Before he did it, he converted to Islam."
比如“在他做这事之前，他已转换信仰成为伊斯兰教徒。”
converted:转换
I was walking by. The guy goes, "Psst. Habibi, my friend."
我正走过时，一个男士说，“嗨，嗨，我亲爱的朋友。”
guy:男士
to slow the kid down as he comes down the slide.
可以慢孩子下滑的速度，他就顺着滑梯慢慢下来。
slow:慢
15 years ago I received a phone call from a friend.
15年前，我接到一个朋友的呼叫。
call:呼叫
At the same time, while I was interviewing the Red Brigades,
同一同时间，当我在采访红色旅的成员同时，
while:同时
between the worlds of crime, terror, and illegal economy, and our economy.
黑色经济经济的关系。
economy:经济
between the worlds of crime, terror, and illegal economy, and our economy.
黑色经济经济的关系。
economy:经济
was better than this one they caught a few weeks earlier.
要比几个星期前他抓到的那要更好
better:更好
all our Eco-Heroes will log at least one green deed every day.
我们所有的生态英雄们每天至少做一件绿色环保的最小
least:最小
that even the city of New York was forced to go,
以至于连城市都不得不说
city:城市
rather than the real key, zipped home on their new superhighway,
而不是真钥匙，在新修的超级超级公路上狂飙回家
superhighway:超级公路
is making individual parts custom, that you can't do over and over again.
是出于以上的个性化，你无法重复制造
over:以上
is making individual parts custom, that you can't do over and over again.
是出于以上的个性化，你无法重复制造
over:以上
so the parts can all be cut at the same time.
所以所有的切断都能同时被裁剪
cut:切断
They're now building a 16-story building on the side of New York,
他们现在在纽约建筑一幢16层的楼
building:建筑
They're now building a 16-story building on the side of New York,
他们现在在纽约建筑一幢16层的楼
building:建筑
It's not to create a technological solution, it's to seduce you
不是创造一个它的答案，而是去诱惑你
It:它
It's not to create a technological solution, it's to seduce you
不是创造一个它的答案，而是去诱惑你
it:它
In the Guardian Tower of New York, converted to a W Union Square --
纽约的Guardian大厦，已经转换西联合广场
converted:转换
We're going to talk -- my -- a new lecture, just
我今天的讲课
lecture:讲课
down the hall. The two table tops of the same size.
正在跑过礼堂. 两张桌子是一样的尺寸
hall:礼堂
The circled node is the one we're trying to influence --
圈起来的症结点是我们试图想要环绕影响
circled:环绕
that my twin sister and I have been doing for the past three and half years.
做了三年半过去的项目。
past:过去
And I went and put a little announcement up on our site,
在我们的网站上我做了个小小的宣布，
announcement:宣布
But you get too many stitches on the needle. So she quickly realized
但这种方法会使针上面的缝纫过多。因此她很快意识到，
stitches:缝纫
And if you look, tucked away inside the inner surface of the temporal lobes --
你再看看，折叠在颞叶的皮层内部的里面
inside:里面
the brain sends commands to the arm, the front of the brain, saying, "Move,"
大脑向手臂发送指令，前脑命令“发送”，
sends:发送
and the arm was paralyzed, lying in a sling for a year, and then the arm was amputated.
手臂被麻痹了，挂截肢绷带一年，接截肢手臂被切断了。
amputated:截肢
And he started giggling, he says, "I can see my phantom."
他咯咯笑笑起来，说：“我看见我的幻肢了。”
giggling:笑笑
well, first of all, the guy can't just go around carrying a mirror to alleviate his pain --
首先, 病患不能只是四处承载, 带着镜子来减轻痛苦.
carrying:承载
about the main theme of this lecture, which is about creativity --
有关这个讲课的主题，与创造力有关。
lecture:讲课
Well, think about what artists, novelists and poets have in common,
好，想一下艺术家、小说家和诗人之间有什么共通的地方,
novelists:小说家
Well, think about what artists, novelists and poets have in common,
好，想一下艺术家、诗人和诗人之间有什么共通的地方,
poets:诗人
If you take 10,000 people at random, 9,999 have something in common:
如果你随机挑选出10000有，其中的9999有会有如下共性：
have:有
There's scant chance of life there -- that's because there's been no time
存在生命的机会甚微 - 因为在那无足够的时间
chance:机会
There's scant chance of life there -- that's because there's been no time
生命生命的可能性甚微 - 因为在那无足够的时间
life:生命
Stars are fueled by how the nuclei in those atoms react together.
恒星利用原子核的相互作用来燃油燃料。
fueled:燃油
The Bonobo, although shorter than us and their arms still longer,
尽管矮博諾博比我们矮，手臂也更长，
Bonobo:博諾博
Video: Narrator: The wild Bonobo lives in central Africa, in the jungle
记录片：野生矮博諾博生活在中非
Bonobo:博諾博
Video: Narrator: By raising Bonobos in a culture that is both Bonobo and human,
记录片：让矮婆罗洲人在人和矮婆罗洲人共同的环境下长大，
Bonobos:婆罗洲人
Video: Narrator: By raising Bonobos in a culture that is both Bonobo and human,
记录片：让矮博諾博在人和矮博諾博共同的环境下长大，
Bonobo:博諾博
In the wild, the parent Bonobo is known to groom its offspring.
野外成年的矮博諾博常常给它们的后代理毛。
Bonobo:博諾博
until we stood back and looked at it and rotated it.
直到我们站在远处旋转来看。
rotated:旋转
for permitting Bonobos to acquire language is not to teach them.
让矮婆罗洲人学会语言最重要的不是教它们。
Bonobos:婆罗洲人
Narrator: None of us, Bonobo or human, can possibly even imagine?
无论是矮博諾博还是人类都无法想像这些。
Bonobo:博諾博
First, all the individuals are only aware of their nearest neighbors.
第一，所有的邻居只知道最靠近自己的近邻的行为。
neighbors:邻居
The combined light from these beetles -- these are actually tiny beetles --
这些虫身上汇聚的光亮——这些蜜蜂啊——
beetles:蜜蜂
The combined light from these beetles -- these are actually tiny beetles --
这些虫身上汇聚的光亮——这些蜜蜂啊——
beetles:蜜蜂
went to Thailand and came back with tales of this unbelievable spectacle.
来了时讲述这一不可思议的景象时，
came:来了
and it's a very thin ribbon of steel, the world's --
它是一层非常薄的钢之”虹“，或许是世界上——
steel:钢
Interviewer: Well, at last the simulated bridge is finished, and I can make it wobble.
记者：好了。模拟桥终于桥了，我可以使它摆动。
bridge:桥
Some of the happiest days of my life have been spent ...
我天中最美好的几天
days:天
There's only been two concepts tried -- two by the U.S. and one by the Russians.
只尝试了两个概念 -- 美国尝试了两个，俄罗斯尝试了一个。
concepts:概念
showing how to go to Mars -- and this was before Sputnik.
展示如何登上火星 -- 这些事早于人造地球史普尼克号的制造。
Sputnik:史普尼克号
is the title of these innovation cycles. There is none here.
是这些发明创造周期的头衔。这里没有一个。
title:头衔
The first industry will be a high volume, a lot of players.
第一产业将会音量巨大，参与者众多。
volume:音量
It'll be very high volume; we think 100,000 people will fly by 2020.
它的音量会变得很大；我们认为到2020年将会有100000人进行太空飞行。
volume:音量
What's this? This is not a transportation system; it's just for fun."
这是什么？这不是运输系统，它只是用于有趣。“
fun:有趣
For a whole decade it was for fun -- we didn't even know what it was for.
对于整整一代来说，它是用于有趣--我们甚至不知道它是用于做什么的。
fun:有趣
a whole decade for fun, became everything -- our commerce, our research,
整整一代用其有趣，变成了每一件事情--我们的商业，我们的研究，
fun:有趣
OK, I look forward to a new "capitalist's space race," let's call it.
好，我期待一场新的资本主义太空种族，让我们呼唤它。
race:种族
You remember the space race in the '60s was for national prestige,
你们还记得60年代的太空种族是为了国家的声誉，
race:种族
Sputnik wasn't a technical loss, but it was a prestige loss.
史波尼克人造卫星不是它上的失败，但它有损声誉。
it:它
It's commercial. It can be defined as space tourism. They are also offering a trip
它是商业的。它可定义定义为空间旅行。他们也能提供
defined:定义
It's commercial. It can be defined as space tourism. They are also offering a trip
它是旅游业的。它可被定义为空间旅行。他们也能提供
tourism:旅游业
So to look for a way to prevent angiogenesis in cancer,
为了找到一种防止（饲养）癌症的血管血管新生的方法，
angiogenesis:血管新生
a little tour, starting from the very first puzzle I designed,
一起来回顾这20年的巡游， 从我的第一件作品开始
tour:巡游
You know, he does a lot of research before he writes a cartoon.
你们知道，在他创作一个漫画之前，他做大量的研究研究。
research:研究
"This is kind of like a jigsaw puzzle, except the pieces overlap."
“这有点像拼图游戏，除了重叠的碎片。”
pieces:碎片
So, here is the nine pieces. And you're supposed to put them into this grid.
这里是九个碎片而你要把它们放在这个框中。
pieces:碎片
Let's see how well we can do. There are three images.
让我们看看我们能玩到什么程度。这儿有三张三个。
three:三个
And she knew she risked death and she was literally gunned down
她知道这是在送命，并且遭到了连番被枪击
gunned:被枪击
"Of course I love my baby. How could I not love my baby?
“那当然。我怎么可能不喜爱自己的宝贝呢？
baby:宝贝
"Of course I love my baby. How could I not love my baby?
“那当然。我怎么可能不喜爱自己的宝贝呢？
baby:宝贝
And in that time she saved many girls. And when we met her
她保存了许多少女的生命。当我见到她的时候
saved:保存
So, we got her a Jeep. And then she saved 4,500 girls.
于是我们就为她买了一辆吉普车。她一共保存了4500条生命。
saved:保存
And then we asked her, "Okay, what else do you need?"
后来我们又问她，“你还需要然后什么？”
then:然后
and then take those two resulting lines and bring them back into the same process, a recursive process.
然后对剩下的两条线段带来同样的操作，周而复始。
bring:带来
So he realized he had a set whose number of elements was larger than infinity.
于是他意识到，他拥有一个集合——这个集合的他个数比无穷还要多。
he:他
So he realized he had a set whose number of elements was larger than infinity.
于是他意识到，他拥有一个集合——这个集合的他个数比无穷还要多。
he:他
So he realized he had a set whose number of elements was larger than infinity.
于是他意识到，他拥有一个设置——这个设置的元素个数比无穷还要多。
set:设置
it's a conscious pattern. It is not unconscious like a termite mound fractal.
这些房屋的分形源自主动的模式，不像白蚁窝那样毫无意义。
pattern:模式
and then you have the chief's ring here towards the back
最终属于酋长（家族）的环形就在大环形的尾端，
chief:酋长
a ring of ring of rings with the chief's extended family here, the chief's immediate family here,
一个由环形组成的环形组成的环形，酋长的旁系亲属住这儿，直系亲属住这儿，
chief:酋长
a ring of ring of rings with the chief's extended family here, the chief's immediate family here,
一个由环形组成的环形组成的环形，酋长的旁系亲属住这儿，直系亲属住这儿，
chief:酋长
And of course the spirit people have a little miniature village in their village, right?
当然，这些有居住的村子里也有一个更小的村子，对吧？
have:有
and here's that replicating line -- a self-replicating line that unfolds into the fractal.
而这就是那条不断复制的曲线--一条不断自我复制并最终延展成分骨折的螺旋。
fractal:骨折
So some of these things, I'd wander around the streets of Dakar
对于这些东西，如果我在达喀尔（Dakar)的街上漫步
wander:漫步
asking people, "What's the algorithm? What's the rule for making this?"
并且问当地人“有什么算法吗？构造这些的算法是什么？”，
algorithm:算法
and it almost exactly matches the scaling exponent for the relationship between wind speed and height
这个标度指数几乎跟风力它手册中
it:它
So these guys are right on target for a practical use of scaling technology.
所以，这些当地人把分形很好地技术在了实际中。
technology:技术
and they got very excited when they saw the Cantor set.
当他们听说康托设置，显得异常兴奋。
set:设置
And so he took me through the initiation ritual for a Bamana priest.
于是他带我完成了Bamana教的入会开始。
initiation:开始
This is a geomantic chart drawn for King Richard II in 1390.
这是一幅在1390年为理查二世（King Richard II）绘制的占卜二。
II:二
let's use a one and a zero, and we can count by powers of two."
而是使用数字0和1，于是我们可以把它们作二进制计数对待。”
count:计数
So let me end with just a few words about applications that we've found for this.
请让我简单地用这些分形的实际应用结束这场词汇。
words:词汇
because if you try to impose a grid structure postal system on a fractal village,
因为一个方格网格的邮递系统很难适应
grid:网格
because if you try to impose a grid structure postal system on a fractal village,
因为一个方格骨折的邮递系统很难适应
fractal:骨折
? Jill Sobule: At a conference in Monterey by the big, big jellyfish tank, ?
在蒙特瑞会议期间, 在一个大大的海蛰缸旁边
conference:会议
? Sweeney: At a conference in Monterey next to the big, big jellyfish tank, ?
在蒙特瑞会议期间, 在一个大大的海蛰缸旁边
conference:会议
It's a technique where they can mix materials together and mold any shape
利用这种它他们可以把材料混合起来，铸成任意形状
It:它
So, you can put those properties in. It inspired them to show off
所以你可以把那些性质加进来。这项它给了他们可以卖弄的灵感
It:它
Like if we had a piece of tape now, we'd peel it this way.
比方说像我们这么胶带一条带子
tape:胶带
Here's a legged version and a tractor version, or a bulldozer version.
这里有带腿型的、 bulldozer型的和推土机型的
bulldozer:bulldozer
and you ask them questions on totally objective criteria like GPAs,
你问他们问题，按完全客观的GPAs平均成绩来算，
GPAs:GPAs
And I said, "So are you and your husband thinking about having a baby?"
我说，“那么你和你丈夫考虑要宝贝了？”
baby:宝贝
even some forms of cancer -- when you think of smoking.
甚至某些癌症--如果人吸烟表格。
forms:表格
In this case, this patient is slightly at risk of diabetes
这个病人中的病人有轻微患糖尿病的危险，
patient:病人
In this case, this patient is slightly at risk of diabetes
这个案例中的病人有轻微患糖尿病的风险，
risk:风险
Although it's really nothing more than a literary conceit; it's not a technology.
尽管事实上它只不过是一个文学的幻想--并非它--
it:它
Although it's really nothing more than a literary conceit; it's not a technology.
尽管事实上它只不过是一个文学的幻想--并非它--
it:它
in which a group of very clever species, mostly edible grasses, had exploited us,
其中有一组非常聪明的物种，大多数是可实用的禾草类，被剥削了我们，
exploited:被剥削
and that when we mowed them we were cruelly suppressing the species
当我们修剪它们时，我们残忍的压制着这些物种
mowed:修剪
which is -- and this is in the realm of intellectual history --
也就是说--在思想文化史的领土里--
realm:领土
and we have these technological inputs and we get the food out of it
我们通过它输入，继而从中得到食物，
it:它
and I took away from this some of the most hopeful news about our relationship to nature
然后我从那带走了这些新闻，也许是关于人与自然关系的最有利的新闻
news:新闻
and that is the relationship between his cattle and his chickens, his laying hens.
是牛和母鸡（产卵母鸡）之间的关系。
hens:母鸡
he's not a sheep farmer, he's not a cattle rancher; he's a grass farmer,
也不是养羊的，他的农场也并非经营牛，他是一位种草的牧场主，
rancher:牧场主
- because there is no technology involved here except for those fences,
-因为在这里几乎没有技术到任何科技，除了那几个栅栏而已，
technology:技术
There we are in Monterey -- hopefully I can get it right.
那儿就是我们现在在那儿的城市蒙特雷--希望我说对了。
There:在那儿
But partly, we want to make the world a better place,
但是部分原因是：我们想要把这个世界变成一个更加更好的地方，
better:更好
There are a variety of demographics. I won't bore you with these.
这里有各种不同的人口学。我不会让你们看这些无聊的数据的。
demographics:人口学
And in News' case, you know, they had a couple of people
而Google新闻这个案例，他们开始时有两三个人做了一阵子，
News:新闻
And now it's a real, full-blown project with more people on it.
现在， 这已经是一个真正全面开发的项目，很多人都在为此项目。
project:项目
some of them will really work and turn out, such as News.
其中的一些就一定会奏效，可以成功，就像Google新闻一样。
News:新闻
And so in our search results, we never accept payment for our search results.
因此，在我们的搜索结果中， 我们从来不接受支付支付的搜索结果。
payment:支付
that it doesn't just influence our behavior, it's influenced our entire culture.
以至于它不仅受影响到我们的行为，还受影响了整个文化。
influenced:受影响
is how do you use games to drive traffic and drive business to local businesses,
想出利用游戏的手法，对当地商务进行操作，
business:商务
They had a leader board, where, if you recommended the best stories,
当你推荐的领导者故事上了网站首页，
leader:领导者
And the list looked something like this a little while ago.
这个单子在前不久的同时看起来是这样的。
while:同时
Well, since I couldn't have my tea the way I wanted it,
好吧，既然茶不到想茶的加糖绿茶，
tea:茶
and they were doing their best to help me save face.
他们只是尽最大最好的帮我保住面子。
best:最好的
But they were onto something and they got better at it.
但他们已经有所成绩 并且越来越更好
better:更好
built at MIT's Lincoln Lab. Jay Forrester was building this for the Navy,
建设了MIT的林肯试验室，Jay Forester为海军建筑了它
building:建筑
This new computer, built to become the nerve center of a defense network,
这个新型的电脑 将会成为我们这个防御网络的中枢神经
network:网络
And it was rigged, and it became unraveled when this man,
这个节目后来因为伪造而解散
rigged:伪造
And when I say that code expresses our hopes and aspirations,
当我说代码符号表达了我们的希望和愿望的时候
aspirations:愿望
You think he's a nice balding guy, but he's just declared war
你觉得他是个挺可爱的秃顶男士 但是他刚刚宣布一场战争
guy:男士
Man 2: Never had scientists been put under such pressure and demand.
没有科学家让给自己那么多需求和承受那么多压力
demand:需求
Narrator: Eventually, the race to the future took on added momentum
最终这场种族却在未来又树立起一座纪念碑
race:种族
the long tail, the role of the audience, open systems, social networks.
长尾 受众的角色 开放的网络 社区网络
networks:网络
powered 100 percent by the user experience on the home page --
它的动力完全由用户在主页分享的经验有动力
powered:有动力
you get a little closer, and you arrive at a nice little composition
当你靠近看，你会发现它是一些好的在的结合
at:在
Down the road, there was another building, a nice visual structure:
沿着这条路走下去，有另外一个建筑，看起来建筑很好：
building:建筑
You've captured it for a moment, and finding this little still life's
你在一瞬间捕捉了它，发现这张静态的仍旧让你感觉
still:仍旧
He reached down. He pulled a lever. And the chair sank down.
他俯下身。拉了拉操作杠杆。然后这把椅子就降下去了。
lever:杠杆
this is what those piles of burning, smoldering coal waste look like.
你就会了解它们都是产生于就像这些一堆堆正在吸烟的煤渣。
smoldering:吸烟
buy a phonebook for a country you've never been to -- call folks at random
买一本你从没去过的国家的呼叫本，随机的拨打
call:呼叫
So, even a straight line, defined with calculus, is a curve.
所以，即使是曲线，用微积分来定义则也必定是一种曲线，
curve:曲线
The titanium's several thousand dollars, but the forms are very cheap.
钛钛要花几千美金，但产生形体则很廉价。
titanium:钛
We were one of the finalists for the World Trade Center site design.
我们的作品曾进入纽约世贸大楼原址决赛选手图案决选。
finalists:决赛选手
sort of coming into this field of health sciences and medicine.
健康科学和医学科学中的角色。
sciences:科学
So, I'm going to begin by applying this idea to diarrheal diseases.
所以，我将从把这些观点应用于痢疾病菌去（我的演讲的）开始。
going:去
and see whether or not the ones that tend to be
看看它们照顾更倾向于
tend:照顾
And he picks which joint he wants to move with those chin switches.
他用下巴那边的开关来开关关节移动
switches:开关
You can move each finger. You can move your thumb, your wrist.
能动拇指，能动大拇指和手腕
thumb:拇指
And you can imagine sleeping on Fernandina your first night there
你可以想象，当你睡着在芬南代的第一个晚上，
sleeping:睡着
And some of you consider them almost part of your family.
有些人甚至考虑它们几乎是家庭的一部分。
consider:考虑
because it must have arisen a long time ago in evolution
一定在很久以前的进化进化中就出现了
evolution:进化
like the insulin and the IGF hormones and the TOR pathway,
就像胰岛素和IGF-1胰岛素和TOR传递
insulin:胰岛素
Someone came up to them and said, "You're the chosen one.
有人来了到他们面前说，“你就是被选中的那个人。
came:来了
why a lot of people have trouble seeing themselves as leaders
为什么许多人很麻烦把自己视为领导者。
trouble:麻烦
Groups who have charitable status in Canada aren't allowed to do advocacy.
在加拿大，拥有慈善组织的团体不允许拥护有候选者。
have:有
Groups who have charitable status in Canada aren't allowed to do advocacy.
在加拿大，拥有慈善组织的团体不允许宣传某个候选者。
advocacy:宣传
So it seems that the only trait that survives decapitation is vanity.
如此看来，断头之后，好像只有虚荣心这一个人格特征似乎保存下来。
seems:似乎
simply by looking at which of the blue LEDs lights up.
只要看看哪颗蓝色发光LED亮起来就行了。
LEDs:LED
and it swings it one way to yaw left, and it swings its other way to yaw right.
向一边甩动尤左，向另一边甩动，尤右。
yaw:尤
and it swings it one way to yaw left, and it swings its other way to yaw right.
向一边甩动尤左，向另一边甩动，尤右。
yaw:尤
To do this though, we need to redesign education in a major way,
要做到这点，我们需要从根本上从新重新设计我们的教育，
redesign:重新设计
give you one wish in the world, what would it be?
给你一个希望，你的希望会是什么。
wish:希望
And now, since we only have one wish -- unlike last year they had three wishes --
那么现在，因为我们只有一个希望可以实现而并非像去年那样有三个，
wish:希望
And now, since we only have one wish -- unlike last year they had three wishes --
那么现在，因为我们只有一个希望可以实现而并非像去年那样有三个，
wishes:希望
and so I went there and I met some amazing women there.
所以我去了那里，我见到了一些令人令人惊奇的女人
amazing:令人惊奇
yet live with this strength of spirit and sense of humor
他们活生存下来不只是因为她们坚强的精神和幽默感
live:活
and this showed American soldiers in uniform strewn about a floor,
这次展示了美国士兵穿着军装散发在地上
strewn:散发
We see that there are Palestinians who suffered a lot, who lost children,
我受苦巴勒斯坦人也遭受了太多不幸，他们失去了孩子们
suffered:受苦
So I guess I'm supposed to give you my one-sentence wish,
所以我猜你们已经了解到我的这个希望了
wish:希望
But if there is matter in the environment, such as the Sun,
但在有物质存在的环境下， 比如说太阳，
environment:环境
because it rolls along a valley in the environment that's curved
是因为它滚筒的曲面是
rolls:滚筒
And just like the vibrating strings that you just saw in a cello
就好像你看到的大提琴上的提琴
cello:提琴
this is what the ultra-microscopic landscape of the universe looks like.
这就是宇宙中极微观世界的景观
landscape:景观
In the remaining time, I'd like to tell you two features of them.
在接下来的时间里，我会向你们展示这些额外特点的两个特点
features:特点
Consider this. If you look at the instrument, a French horn,
请这样来考虑。如果你看着这件乐器，一个法国圆号
Consider:考虑
So, if we knew exactly what the extra dimensions look like --
如果我们准确地知道额外维度的如
like:如
And this is an experiment that may test for them in our lifetime.
也许在我们的有生之年就能看到这个测试证实了他们的存在
test:测试
because we live there, and we get a feeling about it
因为我们住在那，并且我们活感受的到
live:活
I want to add a third element. I want to add model.
我想加入第三个我，一个模型
I:我
I want to add a third element. I want to add model.
我想加入第三个我，一个模型
I:我
In the history of the past 50 years, the smoking risk
在历史50年里，吸烟的危害
history:历史
In the history of the past 50 years, the smoking risk
在过去50年里，吸烟的风险
risk:风险
And I want to close with two quick stories to illustrate this.
接近前我想以两个小故事来说明这点
close:接近
And honestly, even though I love the designs that we were building,
实话说，尽管我爱我们所建筑的设计，
building:建筑
NGOs were not only standing in the streets, crying their slogans,
非政府非政府组织不再仅仅站在街头，高呼口号，
NGOs:非政府组织
I find the last two words under "Near Antonyms," particularly unsettling:
这个 Antonyms条中"接近反义 Antonyms"中的两个 Antonyms尤其让我很不好受
Antonyms:Antonyms
And, certainly, I'm not trying to diminish the impact, the weight, of a person's struggle.
当然，我不是斗争贬低人们与逆境作斗争的价值和意义
struggle:斗争
Adversity is just change that we haven't adapted ourselves to yet.
逆境是一种适应，而我们只不过还没来得及对其适应
adapted:适应
and would you want to meet that poor, beige person if they existed?
如果真的有那种希望的、面黄肌瘦的所谓的“正统人”，你会对他们感兴趣么
want:希望
I hear this guy, his voice behind me say, "Well, if it isn't Aimee Mullins."
在我的身后传来了一个男士的声音“唉？这不是艾米?慕林斯么”
guy:男士
and he was using it, and integrating it into teaching resident students,
基恩大夫在用我的故事教学当地的学生们
teaching:教学
While I was in Easter Island, comet McNaught was there also,
当我在复活节岛期间，麦克诺特彗星也在那里，
While:期间
While I was at Microsoft, I took a leave of absence
当我还在微软的期间，
While:期间
than the other things I do, because you get to hike around in the badlands.
它和我所作的其他事不同，因为我会在 badlands远足。
badlands:badlands
that it did tend to crowd out most of the other things in my life.
那时候我生活中的其他事物都照顾挤出去了。
tend:照顾
and I didn't think this was a very likely one to call back,
我以为这个呼叫是不会再来的。
call:呼叫
if any of you know what happened on this momentous date?
你们当中是否有人知道在哪个重大的日期发生了什么
date:日期
Super Bowl. I heard it over here. It was the date of the Super Bowl.
超级碗。我从那听见了。那正是超级碗的日期
date:日期
A whole group of people communicating that way, talking that way.
一整个人的人都这样交流，这样谈话
people:人
I happened to be in the elevator collecting data for this book.
我刚好在那个电梯里，为本书数据数据
data:数据
"While you were off doing your research, I was off doing more surgeries
当你做研究期间，我做了更多的手术
While:期间
I had a vision of 10 girls sitting in a cabin
我视觉到十个女孩坐在一个小屋里
vision:视觉
the counselor came up to me with a concerned expression on her face
我们的顾问满脸忧虑的向我来了了过来
came:来了
you will start aping the beliefs of the people around you
你会开始阿平你周围的人的信仰
aping:阿平
is that it can only be helpful if it is useful, of course,
显然，它有用才会有益，
it:它
is that it can only be helpful if it is useful, of course,
显然，它有用才会有益，
it:它
how many of these products are able to provide people connectivity, in a useful way,
有多少这些产品是能够提供提供人们连接，用一种有用的方式。
provide:提供
where we are going to aim, that by the year 2015,
我们的目的是，到2015年之前，
aim:目的
educational institutions, a myriad of other companies and, frankly, even competitors.
教育公司，和大量的其他公司，以及，坦白说来，我们的竞争者。
companies:公司
the progress has been rather slow. As a matter of fact,
进展进程还十分缓慢。实际上，
progress:进展
Let's take a small segment of this, of this unconnected world,
让我们考虑这个未连接起来的世界的一个分段，
segment:分段
for at least one full day without having to recharge it.
至少一整天都不需要再重新充电。
recharge:重新充电
what I call the survival level of living, the success level of living
我称为生存水准的生存，成功水准的生存，
survival:生存
I think that comes down to this issue of meaning, of significance, of purpose.
我认为追根究底这就是我要讲的人生的意义，意义，或者说目的。
significance:意义
There are people -- a lady came up to me the other day,
有一些人——有一天一个女士来了我面前，
came:来了
And I began to think about what I call the "stewardship of affluence"
我开始思考我称之为富足引导
affluence:富足
to make the world a little bit better place for the next generation?
让这个世界变得稍微更好一点给下一代吗？
better:更好
to take care of this planet and make it just a little bit better for the next generation?"
照顾更好这个地球，使它只是稍微更好那么一点点留给下一代？”
better:更好
So, we started doing that, and each year we would raise our tithe 1 percent.
所以我们那时候开始这么做，每一年我们提高捐献1%。
raise:提高
In the book I talk about how you're wired to do certain things, you're shaped.
在书里面，我讲到你是怎样被搭建去有形某些事情，怎样被塑造的。
shaped:有形
The bottom line is, God gets pleasure watching you be you. Why?
其实最根本的是：上帝从监视你做自己该做的事情中得到快乐。为什么？
watching:监视
Realizing you're wrong can feel like all of that and a lot of other things, right?
感觉到你犯错了就会有刚刚所说的这些感觉，不是吗？
feel:感觉
But the thing is, the coyote runs off the cliff right after him.
但土牛仔也会跟着牠一起跳崖
coyote:牛仔
stitches her back up, sends her out to the recovery room.
缝纫，将她送进恢复室
stitches:缝纫
when it turns out those people have all the same facts that we do
如果这些人和我们获得的事实一样多
facts:事实
Now, it's not just that this guy fed a huge amount
现在，不仅仅是这个人的它让世界上大量
it:它
we're missing a whole lot of things at the top of the pyramid.
我们就失去了位于金字塔顶部的整个顶部。
top:顶部
actually had a means of measuring the intangibles in their business.
有办法衡量这些在商务中的无形资产.
business:商务
that's giving people cancer in places like "Cancer Alley" and shortening lives
像在“癌症巷道”一样给人们带来癌症，缩短了人们的寿命，
Alley:巷道
It's bad enough on a highway, what's it going to be like to be in the air?
在高速公路已经够糟糕了，空中交通会是什么样子？
highway:公路
Now I would argue, actually, if you look at the fact that on the highways today,
所以我要指出的是，如果你看一看公路的现状——
highways:公路
We do have a little bit of a reputation in the United States."
我们在美国确实有一些名誉。”
reputation:名誉
and to minimize the impact of our death on the environment.
最大程度最小化我们的死给环境带来的影响
minimize:最小化
We flew the area. We imaged it. We sent in people. We took pictures of interiors,
我们飞到那个内部,拍下照片, 发给大家. 我们在灾区深入拍摄图片.
interiors:内部
An ortho-view, a nadir-view. How do you keep the precision of the fidelity of the imagery
一个鸟瞰视角, 一个垂直俯视. 你要如何保持图像的忠实的同时
fidelity:忠实
of one of the great intellectual flowerings of the last 500 years,
花朵和传播
flowerings:花朵
this is all a little side project that hadn't been officially part of their job description.
这是一个小的副业项目，不是正式工作的侧面。
side:侧面
this is all a little side project that hadn't been officially part of their job description.
这是一个小的副业项目，不是正式项目的一部分。
project:项目
I'll give you some examples of what modern progress has made possible for us.
我来给你们举些例子看看当代社会的进步进展让我们变得有可能做些什么事。
progress:进展
to make a very large number of your own salad dressings,
如果碰巧那175种色拉衣服都不和你的口味，
dressings:衣服
we have with respect to work, is that we have to make a decision,
给我们带来的就是我们必须在决定中做出决定，
decision:决定
every minute that we're watching our kid mutilate a soccer game,
我们还是在监视孩子在场上争抢的同时
watching:监视
it's certainly going to make the experience of your kid's soccer game
你对孩子的这场足球的体验还是
soccer:足球
You really want to get the decision right if it's for all eternity, right?
当你进入极乐世界永恒，你一定很希望你做出的决定是正确的，是不是？
eternity:永恒
this imagined alternative induces you to regret the decision you made,
这种想象中的另外决定引得你对你已经做出的决定感到后悔，
decision:决定
and this regret subtracts from the satisfaction you get out of the decision you made,
这种后悔心情让你对你原先做出的决定的满意度打了折扣，
decision:决定
So I went to replace my jeans after years and years of wearing these old ones,
就这么，穿了这许多年的旧牛仔裤，我终于上街去要买条新的了。
jeans:牛仔裤
and I walked out of the store -- truth! -- with the best-fitting jeans I had ever had.
最后，说实话，我带着一条我从未有过的最合身的牛仔裤走出店门。
jeans:牛仔裤
And so the net result is that we do better in general, objectively,
最后的净效果就是，尽管客观上我们做得比以往更好了，
better:更好
what enables all of this choice in industrial societies is material affluence.
给我们这个工业化社会带来这么多选择的，是材料的极大丰富。
material:材料
Income redistribution will make everyone better off -- not just poor people --
产品的再再分配会使得所有人，不仅仅是穷人，的生活好起来，
redistribution:再分配
Income redistribution will make everyone better off -- not just poor people --
产品的再分配会使得所有人，不仅仅是穷人，的生活更好起来，
better:更好
first I'm going to tell you a bit about the past.
但是首先我要用一点过去讲讲我过去的经历
past:过去
to Big Sur, and to, actually, here where we are today, in Monterey,
到大瑟尔，再到我们今天在这儿的蒙特雷
here:在这儿
to see if maybe I could go work in their lab. And hardly anyone responded.
看看有没有可能在他们的实验室里实验室，几乎没有人给我答复
lab:实验室
But I mean, why would they respond to a 14-year-old, anyway?
但是，他们也没有为什么?理会一个14岁的小丫头片子，对吧？
why:为什么?
when you feed fruit flies heavy metals -- that it really, really impaired the nervous system.
如果给果蝇的饲料中加入重金属——将会导致很严重的神经系统损伤
feed:饲料
and it was amazing -- because it turned out that it was very rare.
结果令我令人惊奇——因为它确实是非常罕见的。
amazing:令人惊奇
when a piece -- breaks off and travels through the blood stream
片子癌细胞脱落，并随着血液流动
piece:片子
it's a very complex system -- and there's something called the chemokine network.
是一个非常复杂的网络，包含所谓的”趋化因子网络“。
network:网络
who's never heard this story -- in front of an audience -- before,
未曾听过。以前从未现场前面着观众讲这个故事，
front:前面
so I said, "Could I sleep in my sleeping bag in the evenings?"
于是我征询她们晚上我可不可以就用睡着袋睡着在那里。
sleeping:睡着
And this man came to the door and kind of barked something in Korean.
随后一个男人来了出来，对着贤淑嚷了几句韩文。
came:来了
So the guy kind of reluctantly let us in and we sat down on the floor.
终于那个男士很不情愿的让我们进屋，于是我们坐了下来。
guy:男士
I said, "I don't know if it's the right decision or not,
我也不知道这对她来说是不是一个好的决定，
decision:决定
This may be one of those myth-buster things that we'll have to clear up here, in a minute.
这很有可能是有杜撰的流言之一，事后再釐清不迟。
have:有
So, his son said, "Dad, I have a sleeping bag, I'll sleep on the floor."
这时提姆说：“爸爸，我有个睡着袋，我可以睡着在地板上。”
sleeping:睡着
We said, "That was so great, we saved this little girl's life."
我俩说，“这真是太棒了，我们从苦难中保存了这个小女孩啊。”
saved:保存
how famous they were going to be when this book was done.
如果我这本书书了他们会有多出名
book:书
This is Sydney, who's going to be three years old in a couple of days.
这是她的孩子悉尼，再老几天就快三岁了。
old:老
So that's what we are building from the left side of the river.
这就是我们在河的左岸所建筑的
building:建筑
The ones with the highest income, the better off -- I wouldn't say rich --
收入最高的人，处境较更好的人，我不会叫他们富人
better:更好
And we hope that when we act on global problems in the future
并且希望将来在解决全球性问题未来
future:未来
Right. As with the printing press, if it's really a revolution,
就像印刷一样，如果这真的是一个革命，
revolution:革命
in the journey of wheat, let's go back and look at these 12 stages.
我们回顾一下全麦旅行的12个阶段。
journey:旅行
And so, we're going to be on our own journey today from wheat to eat,
所以我们今天的全麦旅行，就是从麦子，到吃，
journey:旅行
And at that point, the wheat has suffered the ultimate indignity.
此时麦粒们刚受苦了天大的侮辱。
suffered:受苦
And so, as we get to stage 12 and we partake of that,
在步骤十二，我们参加了它，
partake:参加
is an extremely powerful, great strategy for getting on in the world,
它非常有用，对伟大的也很有帮助，
great:伟大的
I think babies and children are actually more conscious than we are as adults.
我认为婴儿的意识事实上比我们大人的要强得多。
babies:婴儿
of getting a taste of that kind of baby consciousness as adults,
也想体验一下宝贝的那种知觉，
baby:宝贝
I don't want to say too much about how wonderful babies are.
婴儿有多好我也不多说了。
babies:婴儿
and was hoping for something that walked in a straight line,
满怀希望能得到一个行走直线的动画人，
walked:行走
So, what you'll see in a moment is a very simple biped
你马上将要看到的是一个非常简单的两足双脚
biped:双脚
Now, at this stage, it also became clear that this could be very exciting
并且那个阶段我们确信这个它将会
it:它
Now, at this stage, we decided to start a company and move this further,
现在，从这个阶段，我们移动成立一个公司，开始进一步的研究，
move:移动
And that's our first product that we're going to release in a couple of weeks.
这是我们的第一个释放，几周后会上市。
release:释放
There are much worse videos than this, by the way, which I have taken out, but ...
很多片断更更糟，我都不能给你们看。
worse:更糟
It's a very simple behavior that shows you the power of this approach.
这是个非常简单的特技但是你可以看到这个它的潜力。
It:它
jumps off a dam in Switzerland and then is caught by a bungee.
在瑞士跳入一个大水库，然后被蹦极班吉救了。
bungee:班吉
to help aid surgeons who work on children with cerebral palsy,
用在帮助那些治疗儿童脑瘫的外科医生
surgeons:外科医生
Now, what we want to do with our software is allow our surgeons to have a tool.
现在，我们想做的是用我们的软件，帮助外科医生预测。
surgeons:外科医生
I've always been a technology nut, and I absolutely love it.
我一直都是个它控 这工作太棒了
it:它
People are feeling overwhelmed. They're feeling like it's too much technology too fast.
人们感到在被淹没 他们觉得有太多它 更新太快
it:它
Another one, a guy called -- this is absolutely true! --
另一个男士的真实故事!
guy:男士
So we must admit that some of the blame falls squarely at the feet of the users.
因此我们必须承认我们无法责备用户
blame:责备
It's not like the rest of the screen is so full of other components
屏幕上剩下的地方并非满是其他休息
rest:休息
Palm is also, especially in the old days, wonderful about this.
Palm也是 尤其是在老 精于此道
old:老
it's too long, and it has to be redesigned.' So I'm the tap counter."
那就太长了, 需要重新重新设计.' 所以我是点击计数员."
redesigned:重新设计
$10 a month to have a watch that has to be recharged every night,
每个月付$10 每晚都要跟你的手机一样重新充电
recharged:重新充电
It's funny -- when Steve Jobs came back to Apple in 1997,
有意思的是 -- 当史蒂夫乔布斯1997年来了苹果
came:来了
I still wear sandals in any weather. It's just that these days,
我仍不管季节穿 sandals. 只不过眼下?
sandals:sandals
People did not think it was worth putting a price on it.
人们不认同它的价格
price:价格
When you have a digital camera, how do you get the pictures back to your computer?
当你有台数码相机 你会如何将照片放获得电脑中?
get:获得
a much longer thing. So if somebody sends me a fan letter, I'll say,
很长一段. 如果更长发给我一封粉丝信 我会说
longer:更长
And so that's what they did. This cult of doing things right is starting to spread.
于是他们做到了. 这种把事做正确的崇拜也在开始传播
cult:崇拜
And then I signed a book contract to write more gloomy thoughts about this
在那之后我又签了一份约稿，要把这些让人忧郁的想法结集书，
book:书
I got up the next morning and walked out of the city,
我第二天早晨起来后行走在城市当中，
walked:行走
And I walked down the middle, up to the train station,
我一路行走到地铁车站，
walked:行走
that we can do things with different properties -- lighter, stronger --
我们能利用它们的一些特殊一些事情，比如更轻、更坚固，来做一些事情，
things:一些事情
we have a chance to help really reduce the risk of a pandemic.
我们就有机会真正减少流行病的风险，
reduce:减少
So I have a really cool day job-- I get to do some really amazing stuff.
于是我有了非常酷的日常工作--着手处理一些令人令人惊奇的事物
amazing:令人惊奇
of the biology and mineralogy and geo-microbiology that we do there,
矿物学和矿物学微生物学方面的内在价值
mineralogy:矿物学
what I thought the chances of life on Mars would be,
关于火星上生命生命的机率有多大的问题
life:生命
there is a very high chance of our kind of life.
哪里就非常有可能生命着类似我们这样的生命
life:生命
and other things might want to eat you, or consume you.
所以有可能被他们消耗
consume:消耗
In some of the other amazing caves that we work in --
有一些令人令人惊奇的洞穴
amazing:令人惊奇
as a natural outgrowth of the work that we do in caves.
作为一项我们在洞穴方面工作的生育率
outgrowth:生育率
that there's material that can be exchanged between those two planets.
这两个星球上的材料是可以进行交换的
material:材料
This will be a fascinating puzzle as we go into the next half-century,
进入下半个世纪后这将成为一个具有吸引力的谜题
puzzle:谜题
I don't think that whether or not you're getting a compliment
我不认为被人赞美与否
compliment:赞美
these have four axis shafts which minimize loss of club speed
这套球具的四轴杆身可有效最小化挥杆速度损失
minimize:最小化
and we had to hire a security guard and all these things.
我们不得不雇佣保安
hire:雇佣
I switched lanes on the highway and the driver, this chaperone, said,
我在高速公路上换公路时，陪驾车手说
highway:公路
While I was working at the U.N., I met this girl. Her name is Lauren Bush.
当我在联合国工作期间，遇见了这个女孩。她叫劳伦?布什。
While:期间
and people argue whether or not organic can feed the world,
而且人们总是争论有机饲料是否可以填饱世界。
feed:饲料
and I've gathered a coalition of a few organizations to start.
而且我已召集几个联盟来共同合作，一同开始。
coalition:联盟
And if I could summarize that all up into one single sketch it would be this.
要把刚才说的都总结一下，变成一张一个，就会使这样。
one:一个
Here you see the chairs being spun around to go from proscenium or end stage
这是看的方向从面对舞台变成
see:看
Here you see the chairs being spun around to go from proscenium or end stage
这是椅子的方向从面对舞台变成
chairs:椅子
Here you see the chairs being spun around to go from proscenium or end stage
这是座椅的方向从面对天台变成
proscenium:天台
in which the proscenium can entirely fly out of the space.
自由变换的天台。
proscenium:天台
dominated by better, then bad, then good, then guilty, and so on.
有很更好、坏、不错以及罪恶等等。
better:更好
Last May, I spent nine days living up in Barrow, Alaska,
去年5月，我在阿拉斯加的Barrow天了9天，
days:天
it throws a harpoon at it, and then hauls the whale up
他们会向鲸鱼投掷一个鱼叉，然后将它运载量
hauls:运载量
So here I am sleeping on the airplane heading up to Alaska.
这是在飞往阿拉斯加的飞机上睡着了拍的相片。
sleeping:睡着
This is the ice starting to freeze over. The snow fence they built.
这是积雪凝固的效果。他们用雪建起的栅栏。
fence:栅栏
And when they made a wish, I would write their wish
当他们许了愿后，我会把他们的希望
wish:希望
And when they made a wish, I would write their wish
当他们许了愿后，我会把他们的希望
wish:希望
A 17-year-old student. Her wish was to have been born a boy.
一个17岁的学生。她的希望是能生下来时是个男孩。
wish:希望
This guy was breaking rocks with a hammer in the hot sunlight,
这个男士在烈日炎炎之下仍坚持用锤子击碎岩石挖掘，
guy:男士
He travels from farm to farm each day trying to find work,
他在农场与农场间流动试图找到农场，
farm:农场
He travels from farm to farm each day trying to find work,
他在农场与农场间流动试图找到农场，
farm:农场
and then he tries to sleep at whatever farm he gets work at.
并且，他就住在他为之农场的农场里。
farm:农场
So his wish was to come with me, so that he had somewhere to live.
他的希望是可以跟随着我，这样他就有可以住的地方了。
wish:希望
His wish was to make some money and open a store.
他的希望是挣些钱然后开一家商店。
wish:希望
"You know, maybe I'll live, maybe I'll die, but I don't have a wish."
“正如你知道的，也许我会活着，也许我会死去，我没有什么希望。”
wish:希望
would you prefer to live in the cave for 40 years,
你是更偏好在洞穴中生活四十年，
prefer:偏好
and I make lots of different kinds of art with the computer.
我也用电脑表现了很多不同做的艺术。
make:做
Of course, it's also a great liberating force that makes possible,
当然，它也是一种强大的释放力量，这能实现（其）可能的，
possible:可能的
Secondly, we need to aim off of the optimism of the generals.
其次，我们需要将目的瞄准在那些将军身上的乐观面。
aim:目的
the last Democrat to actually win -- how he did in '96,
最后一位胜利的民主党人，他在96年的表现，
win:胜利
We know that race was a factor, and the reason why we know that
我们知道种族确实是一个因素，而我们明白这个道理的因素
factor:因素
We know that race was a factor, and the reason why we know that
我们知道种族确实是一个因素，而我们明白这个为什么?的原因
why:为什么?
even if the problem is pernicious and as intractable as racism.
即使这个问题带有潜移默化的伤害，即使它像种族问题一样问题处理。
problem:问题
Well I adored my mom, so I said, "Yes, Mama. I'll do that."
我很崇拜我妈妈，我说：“好，姥姥，我会。”
adored:崇拜
one day my brother came home and he had this six-pack of beer --
一天我哥哥带来了家半打啤酒——
came:来了
And he had a sip of this beer and he gave some to my sister and she had some,
他叹息了一口啤酒，递给我妹妹，她也叹息了
sip:叹息
We do. As rational as we are, as committed to intellect as we are.
我们不得不。承诺理智的社会，这么聪明的社会
committed:承诺
I gave her my whole rap, and when I finished she looked at me
我做了一个全本无删减的演讲，当我完成时，她盯着我
finished:完成
And as soon as I walked inside, the judge saw me coming in.
我一走进行走，法官看见我就说：
walked:行走
no one will believe you till they get a CAT scan, MRI
没人会相信你丢了个肢体，除非你做了CAT扫描，磁共振MRI
MRI:MRI
which you can think of as an ultrasound of its day --
那是当时的超声波它的－
its:它的
no matter what ailed you, you went to see the barber surgeon
不管你病得多么厉害，去了理发外科医生那儿
surgeon:外科医生
and I want to close by reading you a short passage that I wrote
我想以我写的一段话接近
close:接近
and fringe groups and cults and claims of all kinds between --
边缘科学、邪教和种种索赔 -
claims:索赔
So that's just a fun little example here of the sorts of things we do.
所以，这只是个有趣的小例子告诉你我们，工作的一些事情。
things:一些事情
I have an opinion of this myself because of the business I'm in,
因为工作的关系，我自己对这有有的见解。
have:有
Are UFOs alien spaceships or perceptual cognitive mistakes -- or even fakes?
幽浮比较可能是外星人的太空船或是感官认知的错误或甚至是假的。
spaceships:太空船
You just have somebody off on the side with a hubcap ready to go.
你只需要有在旁边准备掷出轮盖就可以了。
have:有
So one of the problems of explaining why people believe weird things
所以，要解释人为何会相信奇异现象的问题之一，
problems:问题
He charged five bucks a head to come see the nun bun
他收一个人头五块钱来让人看这块修女布恩，
bun:布恩
Just to give you a size -- that's Dawkins, me and The Amazing Randi,
顺便让你知道，我们的人力，那是道金斯、我和令人惊人的瑞迪。
Amazing:惊人
So we walked around the backside, just to see what was going on here,
所以我们就绕到背后行走看看，这到底是怎么回事。
walked:行走
And then I'm going to finish up with another example of this
接下来我想要以另一个类似的例子来去结束，
going:去
Lots of people are used to having a spiritual tribe, or a church tribe,
过去有许多人有教堂上的部落,或教会部落.
church:教堂
She doesn't do it by quietly building one house at a time.
她没有安静的去只建筑一个房屋.
building:建筑
Not fighting the organization that's fighting it -- fighting with them, leading them,
不是与医疗机构战斗, 而是同这些机构一起, 领导他们,
fighting:战斗
Not fighting the organization that's fighting it -- fighting with them, leading them,
不是与医疗机构战斗, 而是同这些机构一起, 领导他们,
fighting:战斗
Not fighting the organization that's fighting it -- fighting with them, leading them,
不是与医疗机构战斗, 而是同这些机构一起, 领导他们,
fighting:战斗
Throughout its history, Islam has borrowed and adapted from other civilizations
在整个历史中，伊斯兰不断借鉴和适应着其它伊斯兰教.
Islam:伊斯兰教
I never read a speech or a talk or a lecture.
无论是多长时间的讲课
lecture:讲课
How should one live in order not to feel regret when one is dying?
人要怎样活才能不在死亡感到后悔呢？
dying:死亡
He is viewed by many as the founder of the probability theory,
他被很多人被看“概率论”的奠基人，
viewed:被看
and a few of the possibilities that we're working to bring out of the laboratory.
我们的后续研究正在实验室中带来。
bring:带来
What's up TED people? Let me hear you make some noise.
怎么样TED的朋友们？让我听听你们的噪音。
noise:噪音
an abandoned puppy I found back in the rain, back in 1998.
是我在1998年在雨中捡到的被遗弃的狗仔
puppy:狗仔
only to be gunned down a few blocks from our home.
在离我家几个街区远的地方被被枪击
gunned:被枪击
In the late '40s, my dad -- a Pullman porter, son of a slave --
40年代后期，我的爸爸——一个帕尔曼酒店的服务生，奴隶的儿子——
dad:爸爸
This is Lafayette Avenue -- and as redesigned by Matthews-Nielsen landscape architects.
这是Lafayette大道——由Matthews-Nielsen景观重新设计师重新重新设计
redesigned:重新设计
then the people that have both a financial and personal stake in their environment.
然后人们也具有财务资本和有技能资本
have:有
The Sheridan Expressway is an underutilized relic of the Robert Moses era,
Sheridan高速公路是Robert Moses时代遗留下来的，而且没有被充分使用
era:时代
Anyway, the demonstration project is a springboard for our own green roof installation business,
总之，这项示范项目是我们的绿色屋顶设施项目的安装
installation:安装
but there is scant coordination between city agencies on how to
但是，城市部门直接缺乏合作
city:城市
His administration narrowed key municipal thoroughfares from five lanes to three,
他把主要的市内路面交通从五路面交通变成了三路面交通
thoroughfares:路面交通
We might have come to this conference from very, very different stations in life,
我们可能从生命中不同的站点来到了这个会议
conference:会议
And information will tell her when to go to market with which product.
她还需要资料，何时带何种农产品去市场
information:资料
50 years ago, he gave a series of a bunch of different lectures.
50年前 他给了一系列的讲座
lectures:讲座
it's much easier for all those impressions to randomly fluctuate into your brain
让这些印象通过不规则的涨落进入你的大脑
impressions:印象
This is me with my dad when I was a little boy.
这是我和我爸爸小时候的相片
dad:爸爸
I can augment the world around me with this digital information.
在真实世界中用数字资料环绕我
information:资料
and putting over here a second part from a second place --
放在这里, 当成第二部以上 --
over:以上
the evolution of the pancreas or the eye or the fingernails.
如胰腺、眼睛或指指甲的进化。
fingernails:指指甲
but a vehicle where a blind person can make active decisions and drive.
而是一辆盲人能主动做出决定并驾驭的一辆车。
decisions:决定
we actually put red LED's on the driver so that you can see what's happening.
我们实际在驾驶员身上安装了红色发光LED，所以他能看到什么正在发生。
LED:LED
until it's proven as safe as, or safer than, today's vehicle.
除非它证明证明和如今的汽车一样驾驶安全，或者更安全而言。
proven:证明
Here's my favorite bonehead concept from the 1990s in the Pentagon:
以下是自上世纪90年代以来我最喜欢的“五角大楼的骨头概念”
bonehead:骨头
you can't ask the same 19-year-old to do it all, day in and day out.
你不能要求同样是19岁的人来做所有的事情，老一天算一天
old:老
Frankly, we do it better than anybody and we still suck at it.
坦白说，我们已经比其他任何人做的都要更好了，但我们仍然举步维艰
better:更好
They can debate it. They can write it on a piece of paper.
他们会辩论你问题，然后写下来
debate:辩论
I've been told by the Revolution of Military Affairs crowd for years,
多年来倡导军事革命的人们一种跟我讲
Revolution:革命
that the Brits were beaten, and we won, and that the country was born.
他们只记得英国佬被打败，美国人取得了胜利，新的英国人由此诞生
Brits:英国人
that the Brits were beaten, and we won, and that the country was born.
他们只记得英国佬被被打败，美国人取得了胜利，新的国家由此诞生
beaten:被打败
And so I agree very emphatically that the pain of childbirth is not remembered.
因此，对于新生命出生期的痛楚不为人们所记忆这个观点，我是理解的
childbirth:出生
I wanted to just talk for one minute about the future of biotechnology,
我将用一分钟的未来来谈论生物科技的未来
future:未来
I think it has to happen before the technology becomes natural,
我认为这必将发生，因为它也会变成一种让人感觉见惯不怪的东西
it:它
What would they need in order to grow on the surface?
假如要在地表生长，需要怎样的需要呢？
need:需要
But still, it's a good chance. And of course, if it happens,
但我认为能够发现生物的机会是蛮大的。 而假如真的发现了
chance:机会
There was another object, this sort of towering piece of furniture
还有另一个物品，这个崇高的家具，
towering:崇高
So, all of these projects have a humanistic sense to them,
因此这些项目都有道意义，
have:有
Some of you might have heard about the New York City condom.
或许有听过纽约安全套。
have:有
which is actually a practice that I think is against Islam,
我认为它实际上是反对伊斯兰教练习的组织
practice:练习
that not every other Muslim nation in the Middle East had
中东地区的许多中
Middle:中
and is now one of the leading health NGO's in India.
现在是印度健康非政府非政府组织领导之一。
NGO:非政府组织
The two brothers one day decided to go on a race,
有一天，兄弟俩决定种族，看谁能用最快的速度绕世界三圈
race:种族
that separates the land of the living from the land of the dead.
印度神话中也有分开河，这条河像希腊神话中的冥河一样分开生死两界
separates:分开
So, you're not really sure how you stand in front of God.
所以你不知道神灵对你的评价是什么，你去庙宇时，只是想前面神灵，看到神灵显现
front:前面
And everybody asks me, "Which is the better way, this way or that way?"
大家都会问：这两种世界观，哪一种比较更好？
better:更好
believe me, this is better than trying to use your cellphone.
信我吧，这东西比手机更好多了
better:更好
But it's a hundred million dollars to put up one of those towers. Right?
但是你要塔那种大的信号塔的话估计得上亿美金吧？
towers:塔
is, when you're on a call an you move from Wi-Fi into cellular range,
就是，当你打着呼叫从无线网络移动到蜂窝网络的时候
call:呼叫
OK. Would you call me please right now? [Phone number given.]
太好了，你现在能给我打个呼叫么？（给出呼叫号，为保护隐私，声音被抹去。）
call:呼叫
So this is Grand Central at work -- it's a --
这就是Grand Central如何中央的 - 就是
Central:中央
You know, there's a lot of people wondering, "How on earth are they going to
可能很多人都想思索了“他们靠这东西
wondering:思索
And when you hear the white noise, your brain is immediately focused on it.
而且当你听到白噪音时，你的大脑马上就会专注于这个噪音
noise:噪音
and see if, overall, it's for the good or for the worse.
看总的来说是好结果还是更糟结果
worse:更糟
you know, you name it -- jewelry, bling-bling -- it had it all.
还有你所能想到的--布林，在那儿熠熠发光--所有这些。
bling:布林
you know, you name it -- jewelry, bling-bling -- it had it all.
还有你所能想到的--布林，在那儿熠熠发光--所有这些。
bling:布林
the biggest one, in terms of impact on the well-being of people
对城市人们生活是影响最大的，
being:是
Sudhir, on the other hand, got right back -- walked down to the housing project.
但是Sudhir，他回去了---他行走回了那幢房子。
walked:行走
But the thing that really makes the gang seem like McDonald's is its franchisees.
他们和麦当劳最大的相似之处就似乎专营权。
seem:似乎
Now if you managed to rise up -- say, and be that local leader,
如果你发达了，比如成为了领导者区域的头，
leader:领导者
Well, the reason it's such a bad job is that there's somebody
某人就在于，总有人，
somebody:某人
the way that the soldiers over in Iraq are fighting in a war.
与在伊拉克战斗的士兵差不多了。
fighting:战斗
But here's what he says about why they don't do that.
但他接着给出他们不会这样做的为什么?。
why:为什么?
and, I mean, you dig it, nobody, going to step on their turf.
你仔细想想，没有人会再踏上那片草坪一步。
turf:草坪
I've been working on a project for the last six years
在过去的六年里我一直从事于一项项目，
project:项目
And then at 11 o'clock they stopped talking about these little issues.
11然后他们停止讨论这些小问题。
then:然后
they were debating whether or not to send the Mermaid to China.
他们在辩论是否要把美人鱼送到中国去。
debating:辩论
But to conclude, if you want to see the Mermaid from May to December
总之结论就是，如果你结束在明年五月到十二月之间看到美人鱼，
conclude:结束
And we made this small movie that I'd like to show.
而且我们电影了这个小影片，我想给大家放一下。
movie:电影
There's two billions of people who will be severely affected by climate change -- so on.
二十亿人会受到气候受影响的严重影响 -- 等等， 等等。
affected:受影响
But of course, there's a problem in asking people to focus on problems.
当然， 把注意力集中注意力在问题上，本身就是一个问题，
focus:集中注意力
And also -- and that's, of course, where economics gets evil --
还有 -- 这就是为什么经济考虑课程人那么为难 --
course:课程
And what they basically did was come out with a prioritized list.
他们做的基本上就是优先级一张列明缓急次序的选单。
prioritized:优先级
They make that in some ways disgusting task of saying, which one should we do first,
经济学家做的，就是那在某些方面被认为是厌恶性的任务，他们决定哪些项目应优先处理，
task:任务
to an astounding number of about 2,400 billion dollars a year,
达至令人惊人的的二万四千亿美元一年，
astounding:惊人的
is actually much happier than the guy on the left --
实际上要远幸福于左边的男士
guy:男士
Then, of course, I looked at my mom and my dad --
然后，我看了看我的父亲和妈妈--
mom:妈妈
Then, of course, I looked at my mom and my dad --
然后，我看了看我的爸爸和母亲--
dad:爸爸
the aspiration and the ambition of the people who live there:
住在那里的人的抱负和渴望。
aspiration:渴望
women washing their babies, washing their clothes, hanging them out to dry.
女人们洗着她们的婴儿，洗着她们的衣服，把衣服凉出来。
babies:婴儿
I was struck immediately by the kindness and the gentleness in her face,
我马上就被她脸上的仁慈、平和打动了。
kindness:仁慈
She got married when she was 18, had a baby right away.
她18岁的时候结婚了，然后马上生了宝贝。
baby:宝贝
And she said, "You know, the poverty wasn't so bad. It was the humiliation
她说，”你知道，穷并不是太坏。那只是羞辱
humiliation:羞辱
There's a few things I learned while doing these 30-day challenges.
当我在30天做这些挑战性事情同时，我学到以下一些事。
while:同时
and how it could concentrate rays of light to a single focus.
知道抛物线可以将射线聚集到一点，
rays:射线
But then, in the second year of Caltech, they started grading.
但是接下来的第二年， 校方开始实行然后制。
then:然后
Hopefully, if we can reduce the amount of energy it takes to make the cells,
从乐观的角度来想， 如果我们能够减少过程所需能量，
reduce:减少
A lot of people are working on things to try and reduce that,
大量的人从事这项研究以期减少能耗，
reduce:减少
because a lot of new technologies had come in the 25 years since I had last looked at it.
过去25年产生的大量新它促使了这点。
it:它
They take all the parallel incoming rays and focus it to a single spot.
抛物线形状能够将照射在其表面的平行射线汇聚到一点。
rays:射线
what are we going to put at the center to convert sunlight to electricity?
那么如何进一步使这些阳光能转换成电能？
sunlight:阳光
So we tried to look at all the different heat engines that have been used in history
我们尝试历史检视历史上的不同引擎
history:历史
to try and convert sunlight to electricity, or heat to electricity.
实现阳光向电能的转换，即热能想电能的转换。
sunlight:阳光
So we looked at this engine, and this had some potential.
所以我们将目光投向蒸汽机，基于其潜力。
potential:潜力
That's basically the most fundamental heat engine you could possibly have.
大家热得到的最基本的热机。
heat:热
but now you're only shifting the air down to the hot end and up to the cold end,
但是能够做到将空气变换到热端，上移到冷端，
shifting:变换
It's just a small cylinder down here which holds the generator inside and all the linkage
这下面有个小的缸体， 里面是所有的里面和发生器
inside:里面
About a minute and a half or two minutes after the rays are striking the hot cap
一两分钟后，射线将聚焦在热端
rays:射线
And it's just amazing, walk in the elevator and there's lights on in the elevator.
非常令人令人惊奇，走进电梯，电梯里有灯照明。
amazing:令人惊奇
Headlines that look like this when they have to do with climate change,
事关气候变化时，报纸标题是这样的
Headlines:标题
This is Andrew Gatz, and he walked in through the door and I said,
这是Andrew Gatz, 他行走门.
walked:行走
and it was, you know, a complete and utter end of the world as we knew it.
我们都知道, 这跟完成一样.
complete:完成
and I picked up this book, "The Elements of Style," at a yard sale.
在一次二手书清仓甩卖中, 我挑选了这本书, 《风格我》（一本知名写作参考书）
I:我
and I picked up this book, "The Elements of Style," at a yard sale.
在一次二手书清仓甩卖中, 我挑选了这本书, 《风格在》（一本知名写作参考书）
at:在
and when I brought her a copy of "The Elements of Style,"
我带给她了一本《风格我》
I:我
They'll be cooking, cleaning, buying things, shopping, building. But they aren't here.
它们会做饭，打扫，买东西，购物，甚至是建筑房子。但直到今天，它们也没能进入我们的生活。
building:建筑
of a real beetle, and a Swiss watch, back from '88. You look at that --
上面有一只活蜜蜂，和一只88年的瑞士手表，你看——
beetle:蜜蜂
We can still make the pieces. We can make the right pieces.
我们都可以做出这些碎片，一模一样的碎片，
pieces:碎片
We can still make the pieces. We can make the right pieces.
我们都可以做出这些碎片，一模一样的碎片，
pieces:碎片
with lots of pieces of robots -- with bars, with motors, with neurons.
里面有组装机器人需要的各种碎片：条状的，带马达的，还有些带神经元的。
pieces:碎片
still not putting the world at large at any kind of risk.
这还没有把世界置于更大的风险之中。
risk:风险
the President of the United States, the head of Homeland Security?
美国总统，还是祖国安全部部长是总指挥呢？
Homeland:祖国
the pandemic is going to last for 18 to 24 months.
流行病将持续18-24个月。
pandemic:流行病
Laurie Garret: What factors determine the duration of a pandemic, we don't really know.
Laurie Garret：我们不是很清楚决定流行病持续时间长短的因素是什么。
pandemic:流行病
and also how they're communicating with other people outside of science.
以及他们是如何与这个科学外的人交流的
science:科学
It turns out that that particular one was the first live one of that ever taken alive.
它成为了第一条活活捕上来后还能存活下来的鱼
live:活
I had to focus all my energies towards going to find
我必须将精力都集中注意力地投入到
focus:集中注意力
we know a lot about that part up near the top,
我们对最上方的那顶部了解很多
top:顶部
Scuba divers can't get there, submarines go right on past it.
水肺潜水员到不了那里，潜艇又不在那里停留
submarines:潜艇
And of course, the third problem is the one I found out the hard way in Palau,
当然，第三个问题也就是我在帛琉群岛那段问题旅程所发现的
problem:问题
When you exhale your breath, it goes in the exhale counterlung:
当你呼吸的时候，气体进入呼出气囊
exhale:呼吸
When you exhale your breath, it goes in the exhale counterlung:
当你呼吸的时候，气体进入呼出气囊
exhale:呼吸
It's just pure mechanics, allowing you to cycle air through this breathing loop.
这只是纯粹的机械过程，使空气能在呼吸环里进行循环
air:空气
The second main component of a closed-circuit rebreather is the gas system.
闭路式换气器的第二个主要组成部分是气体系统
component:组成部分
In our applications, we generally put air inside this diluent gas supply,
现在，在这个装置里，我们就可以将空气输入稀释空气供应罐中
air:空气
People have asked me, "It must take a long time to get there?"
有问我，“到那儿一定花了不少时间吧？”
have:有
and there're also gray reef sharks and some hammerheads off in the distance.
不远之在那儿，几条灰礁鲨 和双髻鲨在游弋
there:在那儿
And I'm going to just close on a very somber note.
最后我以一张非常阴郁的片子去结束
going:去
And I'm going to just close on a very somber note.
最后我以一张非常阴郁的片子作为接近
close:接近
I wish you all the best of luck in maintaining that balance in your future endeavors.
祝你们好运，希望你们能最好的保持这样的平衡
best:最好的
One thing I wanted to say about film making is -- about this film --
关于这部电影的电影，我想说的是——
film:电影
One thing I wanted to say about film making is -- about this film --
关于这部电影的制造，我想说的是——
making:制造
One thing I wanted to say about film making is -- about this film --
关于这部电影的电影，我想说的是——
film:电影
And in making this film I felt that so many of the documentaries I've seen
而在制造这部电影的过程中，
making:制造
And in making this film I felt that so many of the documentaries I've seen
而在电影这部电影的过程中，
film:电影
And in making this film I felt that so many of the documentaries I've seen
而在制作这部纪录片的过程中，
documentaries:纪录片
So instead of doing the talking head thing, instead it's composed of scenes,
所以，编写的以往那种喋喋不休的纪录片，它由生活的一幕幕组成，
composed:编写的
They don't come back several times, so it really chronicles a journey.
没有回放，就像一部按时间顺序写成的旅行。
journey:旅行
it's been still photographed, but never photographed by a film crew.
它一直以来只出现在仍旧中，从未有摄像团队对它进行过拍摄。
still:仍旧
And I came home and I said to my father and mother,
来了家后我对父母说，
came:来了
And I came home and I said to my father and mother,
回到家后我对父亲说，
father:父亲
And I came home and I said to my father and mother,
回到家后我对母亲说，
mother:母亲
Shamsul Wares: It was almost impossible, building for a country like ours.
沙姆斯·维尔斯：在我们这样的国家搞建筑几乎是不可能的。
building:建筑
And, if even all of the planetary systems in our galaxy were devoid of life,
即使所有的行星系在我们的星系中都不生命生命，
life:生命
in the hot, high pressure thermal vents at the bottom of the ocean,
比如处在深海底炽热高压的热海洋火山口，
ocean:海洋
These extremophiles tell us that life may exist in many other environments.
这些嗜极菌的生命表明生命或许会出现在许多其他环境中。
life:生命
but detection of a signal tells us it's possible for us to have a long future.
侦测到的信号也给予了我们对一个长远未来之可能的的信心。
possible:可能的
by saying he had two principles he'd like to share for living,
两条生活原则来结束在牛津TED大会的说，
saying:说
and we don't yet know whether it's possible for technologies to persist.
我们也不知道它是否能够长存。
it:它
which is densely populated by organisms that have been honed for survival
生存之树上的
survival:生存
are equivalent to scooping a single glass of water from the oceans.
不过是沧海中的一杯海洋而已。
oceans:海洋
If you look very hard here you can see the signal from the Voyager 1 spacecraft,
如果你非常仔细地观察还能看到 Voyager1号飞船发出的信号，
Voyager:Voyager
that, as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself."
随着这个世界越发生长，我们集体的人性自会彰显。”
grows:生长
to hear about your ideas about how to fulfill this wish,
倾听大家关于如何来完成这个希望的意见，
wish:希望
This thesis is set out in a book called "Winning the Oil Endgame"
这个论点是在《赢下石油之战的终局博弈》中提出的
Endgame:终局
Let me focus a minute on the light vehicles, the cars and light trucks,
下面我用一分钟来集中注意力谈一下轻型汽车，轿车和轻型卡车。
focus:集中注意力
And yet we may not realize that in a standard sedan,
然而我们可能没有意识到，在标准西丹内部
sedan:西丹
only an eighth of it, half of that, goes to heat the tires on the road,
只占总热的1/8，其中一半还转化为轮胎摩擦地面的热量
heat:热
And this means we've just cracked the conundrum of safety and weight.
这意味着我们刚刚破获了安全和重量的谜题。
conundrum:谜题
make enough wind power to run every highway vehicle in the country.
风能可供所有高速公路的车运行使用。
highway:公路
There are smart ways to buy them and to aggregate that purchasing power
买新型车是一个明智之举，不仅能提高买力
buy:买
There are smart ways to buy them and to aggregate that purchasing power
采购新型车是一个明智之举，不仅能提高采购力
purchasing:采购
Then we need to retool the car industry and do retraining,
接下来，我们需要重新整备汽车产业，提高技能，进行再重新训练，
retraining:重新训练
In this eight-year period, 1977 to 85, when we last paid attention,
我们上次注意到，1977年到1985这8年年份，
year:年份
I was just coming out of a failed virtual reality business
我当时刚刚从一个出去的网络生意（虚拟现实）中走出来，
out:出去
Then we did what I consider to be the heart of the work:
然后我们进行了我考虑是这次研究的心脏工作--
consider:考虑
This is the stuff those reviewers don't know about and aren't listening to
这就是那些评论员不知道也不去知道的部分，
reviewers:评论员
Girl 6: Like, if you were a girl and you were really adventurous and a real big tomboy,
如同，假如你是一个汤姆博伊而且你真的假小子般喜欢探险
tomboy:汤姆博伊
And you can see how we've tried to incorporate the issues that matter to them
你可以了解我们如何将他们物质的融入到
matter:物质
And a sense of the choices that are available in their lives.
也是一种对生活中生命选择的感觉。
lives:生命
which was viewed as Vermeer's finest masterpiece, his best work --
这幅被被看弗美尔最优秀的杰作，他的极品--
viewed:被看
not just be more likely to eat carrots and drink milk,
更可能去吃胡萝卜和牛奶
milk:牛奶
but to get more pleasure from eating carrots and drinking milk --
而且更喜欢吃胡萝卜和牛奶
milk:牛奶
is you tell people, "Look, you could resell it, you could boast about it,
你告诉人们：“看，你可以再把毛衣再卖，你可以吹捧毛衣的价值
resell:再卖
These are from the Daily Mail. Every country in the world has a newspaper like this.
首先来看每日邮报。每个国家都有像这样的每日
Daily:每日
Now that's not the only reason that we think this person is an idiot.
这不是我们认为她是个蠢货的唯一人
person:人
when you drip a chemical extracted from some red grape skin
一个凳子上有个装提取癌细胞的碟子
extracted:提取
found that olive oil in combination with fruits, vegetables and pulses
表明橄榄油与橄榄油，蔬菜和豆子一起食用
olive:橄榄油
and half of them eat lots of fruit and veg and olive oil,
让一半人大量食用橄榄油蔬菜和橄榄油
olive:橄榄油
The placebo effect is one of the most fascinating things in the whole of medicine.
安慰效应是安慰剂上最不可思议的玩意之一
placebo:安慰剂
You can give the competing drug in too high a dose,
也可以将对照药物剂量控制在非常高的高
high:高
Everybody wanted to show that their drug was better than risperidone,
每个人都想展示他们的药比利培酮更好
better:更好
Around half of all of the trial data on antidepressants has been withheld,
针对抗抑郁症抗抑郁药的试验数据有一半左右都被保留
antidepressants:抗抑郁药
on the understanding that they will reduce the number of complications,
觉得这能减少并发症数
reduce:减少
so people all over the Middle East, not just in your country,
但在中东，不仅仅是你的中
Middle:中
and increased growth is going to push up demand for that.
随着经济增长的加快, 对资源的需求也会高.
up:高
crystallized in the wish that I'm about to make to you.
待会我会在叙述希望的时候具体说明
wish:希望
I found that I was lousy at bird watching and couldn't track frog calls either.
要我观鸟，我不在追踪；要我追踪青蛙，我也不擅长于此
track:追踪
if all solid materials except nematode worms were to be eliminated,
假如地球上除了线虫以外所有的固态材料都消失
materials:材料
including hard radiation strong enough and maintained long enough to crack the Pyrex vessels
包括经受足以穿透Pyrex皮雷克斯箱的强辐射的作用
Pyrex:皮雷克斯
The human juggernaut is permanently eroding Earth's ancient biosphere by a combination of forces
人类正在以不可抗拒的游击队，持续破坏着那些亿万年演化而成的生物系统
juggernaut:游击队
The HIPPO juggernaut we have created, if unabated, is destined --
人类如果不减弱这些游击队（HIPPO）
juggernaut:游击队
and I know there are people in this room who have expended significant effort on it in the past.
我知道这里也有曾为同类项目作出巨大贡献
have:有
It will transform the science of biology in ways of obvious benefit to humanity.
它将变换生物学的面貌，这样的变换也将为人类带来福音
transform:变换
and Zero can touch so many more people than I possibly could.
Zero能够触摸的人比我多得多。
touch:触摸
finding each other to better touch and define the human experience.
定义寻找人与人之间更好的交往与确定人们的经历。
define:定义
He gave entertainment, pleasure and relief to so many human beings
他将愉快、高兴与救济带给了
relief:救济
and I made it into a -- well, basically it's a product catalog of this one pig,
做成一目录 -- 列出了这头猪被制成的各类产品，
catalog:目录
hairs are used because, apparently, they're very suitable for making paintbrushes
很显然，猪毛是非常适合用来制造刷子的，
making:制造
Well, in both cases, the thing that is construed as being affected
在两种事情里，那个被解释为受影响的东西
thing:事情
When you construe it as "cause the mouse to have something,"
当你解释成“使老鼠拥有某物”
construe:解释
As when we say we "gather" our ideas, to "put" them "into" words,
当我们说"gather"（收集）我们的想法，并"'put' them 'into' word"（把它们付诸词汇）
words:词汇
And one of these Grebes came along while we were rowing.
我们划船的同时，来了一只北美鹓鷉。
while:同时
well, give me one of your big problems. Give me a design challenge,
提出一个你们最大的问题给我。给我一个你们在设计上遇到的难题，
problems:问题
How do we redesign the world that we make, the human-made world?
我们如何重新重新设计我们所制造的世界，这个人造世界？
redesign:重新设计
there are some amazing things coming up in the biological sciences.
生物科学界有了一些令人惊奇的发现。
amazing:令人惊奇
And that means finding a way to do what they do
这也就意味着，它们发现一种方法，
finding:发现
If I have a little extra time, I'll tell you about a case of crow infidelity
如果我还有更多演讲时间，我会告诉你们一个有关乌鸦背信的时间
time:时间
to interview people, thinking that if I walked in their words --
采访各式各样的人，想象如果我能行走他们的故事中--
walked:行走
if I walked in their words, that I could sort of absorb America.
如果我能行走他们的故事，我多少能够领悟这个国家（美国）。
walked:行走
Anybody out here old enough to know Studs Terkel, that old radio man?
现场有谁年龄稍大些，听说老那个老无线电工，Studs Terlek？
old:老
Anybody out here old enough to know Studs Terkel, that old radio man?
现场有谁年龄稍大些，听说老那个老无线电工，Studs Terlek？
old:老
You see in the old days we had robots, robots imitated humans.
老我们有机器人，机器人模仿人类。
old:老
So I'm going to talk to the baby. So I say to the baby,
我打算跟这个宝贝说话。于是我对这个宝贝说，
baby:宝贝
So I'm going to talk to the baby. So I say to the baby,
我打算跟这个宝贝说话。于是我对这个宝贝说，
baby:宝贝
And she said, "Well, personally, I still feel like I have to curtsey
他说，“就我有看来，我总是觉得在见到我的大学校长时
have:有
And I title things because I think people speak in organic poems,
我之所以加以头衔是因为我认为人们以组织化的方式讲话，
title:头衔
I thought I could really fix this man. So I had a baby by him -- insane --
我以为我可以治好这个男人。于是我给他生了一个宝贝--太疯狂了--
baby:宝贝
I could hear it, but I dared not to move. I didn't move.
我能听见，但是我却一勇敢都不敢勇敢。我没有勇敢。
dared:勇敢
And he just laid her right on the shoulder of the highway.
发现他把她正好摆在路肩（紧急停车公路）那里。
highway:公路
I was sitting here watching them the morning after the verdict,
在审判结束的那个早上，我坐在这里监视他们，
watching:监视
I was swallowing the bitterness, sitting here alone and watching them.
我吞食吞咽苦果，孤独一人坐在那里看吞咽他们。
swallowing:吞咽
I was swallowing the bitterness, sitting here alone and watching them.
我吞食着苦果，孤独一人坐在那里监视他们。
watching:监视
I was glad for them. At least they got something back, OK.
我为他们欣喜。至少他们赢得了一些最小。
least:最小
Women can talk; black men ski; white men build strong buildings;
女人们交谈着，黑人们在滑雪，白人在建筑物坚实的建筑
buildings:建筑物
and that is all I need, 'cause if I get that, I can unlock the air.
这正是我所需要的，因为，一旦我得到它，我就可以解锁天空的枷锁
unlock:解锁
because they're still trying to use demographics in order to understand them,
因为他们还试图使用旧的人口人口学说来了解大众，
demographics:人口学
She said, "You get the human subjects review board approval for this one."
她道“你该去弄人体试验复查板的批准。”
board:板
he said that he could differentiate between the semen of a young man,
他能区别青年男子和壮年男子的精液
differentiate:区别
I mean, it's a hobby of mine that I've been indulging in for the last few years,
这是我这几年来的一点小嗜好
hobby:嗜好
I mean, you see, everything seems to have been scattered aimlessly around the space.
所有东西都似乎随意的扔到这个空间里
seems:似乎
by using it to estimate how many pots of paint he's likely to need in the future.
估算出自己以后需要多少颜料
estimate:估算
Yeah? I would actually prefer to do it more this way.
是吗﹖但我比较偏好把它整理成这样
prefer:偏好
who wrote great works like, "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?"
他曾写出像 《Android是否会梦见机器羊？》这样精采的作品，
Androids:Android
please take your favorite TEDTalk and put that into six words.
最喜欢的最喜欢的TED演讲并总结成六个词汇。
favorite:最喜欢的
please take your favorite TEDTalk and put that into six words.
选择最喜欢的TED词汇并总结成六个词汇。
words:词汇
So here are some of the results that I received. I think they're quite nice.
我收到的些结果，很不错。
received:收到的
It's downright crazy to have 10 TEDTalks summarized into just six words.
把10个TED词汇用六个词汇总结，这太疯狂了。
words:词汇
and those talks can basically be summed up into just four words,
那些词汇能被4个词汇简单地总结出来，
words:词汇
I wanted to have a thousand TEDTalks summarized into just six words --
我想把一千个TED词汇总结成只有6个词汇---
words:词汇
Female Voice: See if you can inspire him to do any better.
女性声：再试试，看能不能教米洛做的更好。
Voice:声
about a piece of the culture of medicine that has to change.
有一部片子文化必须要开始改变。
piece:片子
We're near the end, we're getting close to the World Series.
常规赛季就快接近，世界职业棒球大赛即将开始。
close:接近
which was call my attending and run the story by him
拿起呼叫打给我的主治并让他看一下这个案例，
call:呼叫
why would they use a stick to extract termites from the ground
为什么它们要用根棍子把白蚁从为什么?里取出
why:为什么?
Okay, now replay this scene now, and you're approaching the one who has language.
好的，现在再重演这个场景， 你去找有语言的那个人
replay:重演
So Bill Gates, as he was staring out at the audience, he said,
比尔盖茨凝视这位观众，说，
staring:凝视
She got pregnant, ran to the bush to have the baby,
她怀孕了，试图在灌木丛中生下宝贝，
baby:宝贝
No, no! In terms of what we really need to do to put the brakes on
不，不！我们现在真正要做的是把刹车放到
brakes:刹车
This geo-engineering idea, in it's simplest form, is basically the following.
答案就是地球它的思想，简单地说，就是如下的观点：
it:它
Gave a bunch of physical reasons why it wouldn't do a very good compensation.
然后他又给出了物理学上一大堆为什么?来说明为什么用上述方法不能很好地补偿。
why:为什么?
That report that landed on President Johnson's desk when I was two years old --
当年递到约翰逊总统办公桌上的那份报告，那时我只有两岁，
desk:办公桌
Finally, we could make the particles migrate to over the poles,
最后，我们可以让微粒迁移到极地上空，
migrate:迁移
so we could arrange the climate engineering so it really focused on the poles.
这样的话我们就可以安排环境工程的问题集中在地球两极。
arrange:安排
This improved science and engineering will, whether we like it or not,
无论我们喜欢与否，先进的科学和它学会
it:它
Because sooner or later, we'll be confronted with decisions about this,
因为过不了多久我们就会面临这样一个决定，
decisions:决定
We might decide at that point that even though geo-engineering was uncertain
我们可以这么来看，即使在运用地球工程学过程中有很多不确定点，
point:点
and morally unhappy, that it's a lot better than not geo-engineering.
人们也一时难以接受，但是也总比不用的更好。
better:更好
It's saying that you do some geo-engineering for a little while
也就是说你应用地球它做点事情，为地球降温，
It:它
It's saying that you do some geo-engineering for a little while
也就是说你工程地球工程学做点事情，为地球降温，
engineering:工程
to take the worst of the heat off, not that you'd use it as a substitute for action.
而不是说把地球它当成其他措施的替代品。
it:它
Right now, you have a few enthusiasts talking about it, some in a positive side,
现在我们只有少数热衷者在讨论这个问题，侧面人持正面态度，
side:侧面
some in a negative side -- but that's a dangerous state to be in
侧面人持负面态度。但这正是一个极危险的处境，
side:侧面
So here's one last thought, which was said much, much better
最后演讲前我还有最后一个观点，
last:最后
A human standing in front of an unprotected capsule would die instantly.
如果一个人站在毫无任何保护措施的胶囊前，他将立刻死亡。
capsule:胶囊
And that red dot is a marking on the government-issue film.
那个红点就是官方制定胶片上的标记。
marking:标记
that distributes news and information to over 22 countries in the Arab world.
它为阿拉伯世界超过22个国家提供新闻和新闻。
news:新闻
you see life satisfaction going up with each rung of income.
生活满足感随收入的增长而高
up:高
I quit my job to focus on the real world problem:
我辞掉了工作集中注意力于实际的现实问题：
focus:集中注意力
First of all, we associate the click sound with a food reward,
首先，我们将点击与食品奖励联系起来，
click:点击
the use of fire, the use of shelters, and, of course, language,
火的使用、房屋的出现和语言语言，
language:语言
And remember that all our cereal crops are grasses as well.
记住所有的谷类作物也是谷物。
cereal:谷物
and we're finding at least hundreds, if not thousands, of these.
其实我们可以发现成千上百个例子
finding:发现
I work in a lab where we take cells out of their native environment.
在我实验室的实验室，我们把细胞从它们原本的生长环境中取出来
lab:实验室
And the superintendent walked up and said, "What are you doing?"
主管行走过去说，“你在做什么？”
walked:行走
But once in a while you get access to the control room,
有些同时候当你去控制室同时，
while:同时
And I want to share with you how I came to that place
我想跟大家分享我是如何来了到那里
came:来了
And then the next thing we do is we put a dot in the center of the circle.
然后我们会在圆心然后一个然后
then:然后
While I was producing in Los Angeles, I never thought about it for a second.
在洛杉矶的期间我从来没有想过这个问题
While:期间
Until it was stripped from me, I never thought about it.
直到它被被剥夺了
stripped:被剥夺
Look into those eyes. I'm not able to focus those eyes.
看看那双眼睛 我不能集中注意力它们
focus:集中注意力
And then I creep up to the point that I get a score of 79,
然后我慢慢恢复到79然后的水平
then:然后
Now just trying putting a few grains of sand between your teeth
现在视着把谷物沙子放进牙齿间
grains:谷物
If you press on a hose pipe in a sealed system,
如果在一个封印的软管上摁某处
sealed:封印
there's no way venture capital would come in for something like this.
没有人愿意在这个冒险上注入投资
venture:冒险
in Swedish college systems -- so, I thought, maybe they know everything
他们或许早已了解我准备教的思索
thought:思索
and all the rest of them move up into the corner,
而其他角都向左上角移动
corner:角
they take out of that about 74 percent. And the poorest 20 percent,
最富有的20%那部分人 得到了全部接受的74%
take:接受
And they are over here on this side. Quite an overlap between Africa and OECD.
他们在这边，很小以上与非洲重叠
over:以上
And they are over here on this side. Quite an overlap between Africa and OECD.
他们在这边，很小侧面与非洲重叠
side:侧面
I can split South Asia here. India's the big bubble in the middle.
下面分解南亚中间 印度是中间的蓝色大球
middle:中间
Data is often better than you think. Many people say data is bad.
大家总说数据不准确 数据其实比我们想象的更好很多
better:更好
And then Deng Xiaoping came and brought money to China, and brought them into the mainstream again.
他去世后邓小平给中国带来了金钱 同时把中国带来了世界的主流当中
came:来了
And if we move back again, here, and we put on trails on them, like this,
我们再回到过去 给每个球画出运动的追踪
trails:追踪
And it's a new technology coming in, but then amazingly, how well
互联网是一项新它 但令人惊讶的是
it:它
And boy, I was scared because I thought, you know, we may be scooped.
我当时就吓傻了，我以为他比我们被捕。
scooped:被捕
So there's a picture of Francis and I before I met the girl,
这是我和弗朗西斯的一张照片，是在我遇到那个女孩之前拍的，
girl:女孩
They were terrified of polio, and it would cause public panic.
他们十分恐慌脊髓灰质炎，它能引起公众惊恐
panic:恐慌
we were able to use genetic sequencing to look at the polio viruses,
我们都运用了基因序列的方法来观察查病毒
sequencing:序列
more places get infected that shouldn't have, and it just slows us down.
就意味着更多本不该被感染的地区受到感染，同时减慢我们的进度
slows:减慢
This means that quantum theory has got to be in some sense true.
这理论了量子理论只是一定程度上的准确。
theory:理论
was confounded by his continual failure to walk through the wall.
混乱接二连三的穿墙失败搞得狼狈不堪。
confounded:混乱
Victorians thought the waves had to be waves in some material medium:
维多利亚时代的人们认为波只能在以材料作为介质的环境下存在，
material:材料
could be extremely common, or it could originate once per star,
每个星系都起源一次的话，那生命体将会起源非常普遍
originate:起源
in which case it would have to be here. And somewhere up there
那这只会是我们在这儿的这个宇宙了。
here:在这儿
in which case it would have to be here. And somewhere up there
那这只会是我们某处的这个宇宙了。
somewhere:某处
in which case it would have to be here. And somewhere up there
那这只会是我们在那儿的这个宇宙了。
there:在那儿
[ Anyone inspired by the wish can help make it come true ]
[任何被这个希望触动的人都可以助其成真]
wish:希望
My TED wish. There's a vital story that needs to be told
我的TED希望。有一个极其重要的故事需要被了解
wish:希望
It's one of these rare cases where the U.S. is actually slightly better than [the U.K.],
这一点美国人做得比加拿大人稍更好一点
better:更好
My guess is at least one of them has something interesting to say.
他们中间至少有一个人能说出些有趣的最小吧
least:最小
This is Erik Hersman. You guys may have seen him around the conference.
他叫Erik Hersman, 也许你在会议上见过他了
conference:会议
nursing my wounds, enjoying my house, so on and so forth --
也许 我会伤口、在家休整或其他
wounds:伤口
if you were a guy and you wanted to impress a girl,
如果你是个男士，你想要给一个女孩留下深刻印象，
guy:男士
Can you imagine going to your closet, pulling out a mothball, and
你可以想象吗，走到你的衣橱，拿出一颗樟脑蝴蝶球然后
mothball:蝴蝶球
with a bolt of electricity off the end of his kite.
这是通过风筝传导的螺栓电流。
bolt:螺栓
And of course, in those days, there were no antidepressant drugs,
当然，在那个时候，没有抗抑郁的抗抑郁药，
antidepressant:抗抑郁药
had his life saved by two long courses of electroshock therapy.
2个长疗程的电击疗法保存了我的生命。
saved:保存
So, as things got worse, as we really began to hate each other,
所以事情变得越来越更糟，我们开始相互憎恨，
worse:更糟
Well, I was a grown man who had all of these rituals,
我曾是个有这些怪癖的男人，
man:男人
I was discharged from that hospital, and I joined a group of surgeons
我出院并加入外科外科医生团体
surgeons:外科医生
and they have always to do with my own personal experiences.
所有的都和我有的经历有关系.
have:有
who don't have even a single city that would be willing to welcome them.
处于没有一个城市愿意欢迎他们的阶段。
welcome:欢迎
The leader of the congress came up on stage and said,
大会主席来了到台前说
came:来了
So the recipe is simple: you take the silk solution, you pour it,
制作方法很简单：拿出丝绸溶液，接受容器
take:接受
The whole family came to settle in France in the '30s.
全家人在30年代来了到法国
came:来了
with some materials he invented a centrifuge using a bicycle wheel.
他用一个自行车车轮和其他材料造出离心分离轮
wheel:轮
to just bend the curves and understanding the accelerated pressure on the planet --
仅仅是改变弯曲走向和了解到这颗星球上的急剧增加的压力--
bend:弯曲
moving away from a situation where we simply are pushing ourselves
改变了我们只是单一地将我们自己推力
pushing:推力
I wanted to airbrush naked people on ice, for whiskey commercials,
在冰上吹毛机裸体的人，这是为威士忌做广告，
airbrush:吹毛机
Then you have this double take and see that it's actually something that existed in time.
当你弄着弄着突然就发觉这个的确是像有东西啊。
have:有
Because I was doing this while I was making these pictures,
因为我做这些图片同时我经常舔手指，
while:同时
So the first time I worked with colors was by making these mosaics of Pantone swatches.
所以我第一次用色彩创造就是用彩通（Pantone，美国彩色系统供应商，全球色彩标准权威）的色卡制造的马赛克图片。
making:制造
and the idea also entering another realm of representation that's very common to us today,
而这也涉及到今天我们很常见的另一种表现艺术的领土，
realm:领土
but not many people have a chance to watch somebody draw in --
但是不是很多人有机会看见有能吸引——
have:有
And we can begin to say how much variance do we find,
现在可以说我们找到了多少变量了
variance:变量
that allow very many DNA molecules to be sequenced very rapidly,
我们能够在很短的时间里将许多DNA分子序列化
sequenced:序列化
and you kind of lumber to the aircraft like this, in a line of people,
你在飞机中好像木头一样,人们如了一列
like:如
and I wasn't going to test the hypothesis that he'd be wrong.
我并不想做测试去证明他的假设是错的
test:测试
Moreover, I've come to realize that focusing only on negative outcomes
此外，我还意识到只集中于消极的结果
focusing:集中
encompass combinations of these characteristics, so I want to give you
包围了这些特点的结合，因此我想给你们
encompass:包围
The last few years have all seen the rise of innovations
过去的几年，我们已经看到了新概念的升高
rise:升高
worldwide access to the full gene sequence of the SARS virus.
全球可以获得SARS病毒的全部基因排列基因
gene:基因
will transform how we live on a scale that few really appreciate.
将在一定程度上变换我们的生活方式，但很少有人真正喜欢这样
transform:变换
that Witness is going to be opening up a Web portal
这个项目将开放网络门户
portal:门户
That's enough right there to start to build a compelling chronicle
那才是引人注目一个引人注目的编年史的正确的开始
compelling:引人注目
So Newcastle gave me a call. I said, "I'll do it from Delhi."
于是纽卡斯特大学给了我一个呼叫。我说，”我会从德里开始。“
call:呼叫
It's just been published in the British Journal of Educational Technology.
刚发表在《英国教育它杂志》上。
It:它
So how far can we go? One last little bit and I'll stop.
我们能够走多远？再说一点我就最后。
last:最后
meaning "to go forward with enthusiasm." And while we were doing it,
它意味着“热情地前进”。当我在这所信贷机构工作同时，
while:同时
I also found out that the bakery was nothing like a business,
我同时发现这间面包店不像一所商务，
business:商务
to keep these 20 women busy making little crafts and baked goods,
来使这二十位女人制造小工艺品和烘烤食品，
making:制造
but over time, the women learnt to sell on their own way.
但随着时间流逝，这群妇女习得用自己的方式来出售。
sell:出售
They buy it, they dry it and they bring it to this factory,
他们从这些农民手中买蒿属植物，然后将它们晒干并带至工厂，
buy:买
They buy it, they dry it and they bring it to this factory,
他们从这些农民手中购买蒿属工厂，然后将它们晒干并带至工厂，
factory:工厂
Acumen's been working with ABE for the past year, year and a half,
Acumen从去年开始和ABE合作，也有一年半的合作过去了，
past:过去
it had been produced only in East Asia. And as part of its social responsibility,
（这种它）只是在东亚生产使用，出于社会责任，
it:它
it had been produced only in East Asia. And as part of its social responsibility,
（这种它的）只是在东亚生产使用，出于社会责任，
its:它的
UNICEF came forward and said, "We'll buy most of the nets,
这时联合国儿童基金会挺身而出说：“我们将买大部分
buy:买
give the people the dignity of choice, and have a distribution system
从而使他们有选择的尊严，并且建立起一个分销分配
distribution:分配
Whenever I go to visit A to Z, I think of my grandmother, Stella.
每当我前往参观A to Z的时候，我都参观想起我的祖母斯特拉。
visit:参观
and they had nine children. Three of them died as babies.
然后他们生育了九个婴儿。其中三位早夭了。
babies:婴儿
And my wish, when I see those women, I meet those farmers,
而我的希望则是，当我见到那群每天勤恳工作的
wish:希望
There were incredibly difficult moments in the building of this thing.
在建筑这套机器的过程中，我们碰到过极其困难的时候。
building:建筑
than ever has occurred in the history of human life on earth.
地球人类生活历史上发生历史的都要多。
history:历史
on the earth more than doubles and we're up three-and-a-half times
已经高了不止一倍，自从我出生以来，我们已经是
up:高
What I call the human portion -- humans and their livestock and pets --
我称之为人类部分--人类和他们的宠物和宠物--
pets:宠物
- frame. And to make it really clear, I've put all four on one graph.
为了让它很明白，我把四张四放在一张里--
four:四
- frame. And to make it really clear, I've put all four on one graph.
为了让它很明白，我把四张一个放在一张里--
one:一个
PM: Yeah, the house lights and we'll see you all better
更好，灯亮了，我们可以更更好地看到你们
better:更好
In concluding, I want to get back to the big picture
总结一下，我结论回到大屏幕
concluding:结论
Every 25 years I do a picture. Here's the one --
我每25年画一张一个。这是一张--
one:一个
I painted this before we started in on making robotic versions
我画了这个之后开始制造机器版的
making:制造
there's nothing to it. And yet if I had not been making ornithopters
不带任何东西。如果我没有一直从事制造扑翼飞机
making:制造
And in order to build prosperity, we need security in place.
要重建繁荣，安全就要到位。
security:安全
So there is a reform agenda, and there is an inclusion agenda.
那么就要有一个改革议程，以及一个吸纳各方力量的议程。
agenda:议程
So there is a reform agenda, and there is an inclusion agenda.
那么就要有一个改革议程，以及一个吸纳各方力量的议程。
agenda:议程
So we have to be disciplined and focus on things that are critical.
所以我们应有秩序，集中注意力解决关键的事。
focus:集中注意力
which means a lot of technical assistance that follows the money.
即提供了钱之后，还要提供大量的技术支持来追踪钱的如:。
follows:如
and I walked in, and I sat down and had an interview.
我走进行走，我坐下，接受面试
walked:行走
And I admit the truth to them right up front: I don't know.
我一开始就告诉他们真话：我不知道
truth:真话
There was a parent visiting that day, just sitting in the back of the room.
那天是家长参观学校的日子，他们都坐在教室后面
visiting:参观
But I don't try to deny them that reality of being human.
但我从不剥夺他们身为人的真实是
being:是
how not to do what they consider to be the wrong thing.
如何不去做那些自己考虑错误的事
consider:考虑
you can put two matchsticks inside this, and you make a flexible joint.
把两个火柴火柴放进去，我们就得到了一个灵活的接头
matchsticks:火柴
If I spin this pulley, the small one's going to spin much faster.
当我旋转动大滑轮时，小的也开始旋转，但快得多
spin:旋转
If I spin this pulley, the small one's going to spin much faster.
当我旋转动大滑轮时，小的也开始旋转，但快得多
spin:旋转
All of our old newspapers, we cut them into little squares.
我们把旧报纸都分割成小四方形
squares:四方形
This beetle can detect a forest fire at 80 kilometers away.
这种蜜蜂可以侦测到远在80公里外的森林火灾
beetle:蜜蜂
you get these droplets of water forming on the beetle's shell.
蜜蜂的壳就能让水滴凝结在上面
beetle:蜜蜂
So returning to those big challenges that I mentioned at the beginning:
因此，让我们返回我在开始时提到的大的挑战
returning:返回
trying to figure out what primitives they could be built up from
尝试找出可以建造演变的主数据类型
built:建造
that science and other areas have built up over the centuries.
而科学以及其他科学于此已发展了数个世纪
science:科学
is there a general way to use it to make technology?
存在一个通用的办法来用它革新它吗？
it:它
and no process of incremental evolution would ever come up with.
也没有一个渐进式演化的进化能够找出
evolution:进化
But if you stack it up, you just see this amazing, staggering amount of
但是，如果将钱堆栈，你看到的仅仅是
stack:堆栈
And so there is an increase in people having to have their fillings replaced.
于是，越来越多的人不得不替换他们补牙所用的填料。
fillings:填料
that are kind of being taken ahold and marketers are starting to understand.
似乎开始被市场采用,而营销人员们也开始能理解。
marketers:营销人员
Also a wonderful byproduct of sort of a really lousy thing,
此外,在失业清况如此严重的事情下,
thing:事情
hens and chickens and ducks. And when you work out the math,
母鸡、母鸡和鸭子,当你计算经济成本时，
hens:母鸡
their core wound is their father died without ever saying he's proud of them.
他们最核心的伤口来自于他们父亲到死都未说过“他为他们而自豪”。
wound:伤口
Well, let me just say, that was a graphic. I just want to show this picture.
这是张图形，我只是想要展示这张照片。
graphic:图形
But that's not the prime candidate for life in the solar system.
但这不是太阳系最有可能有生命生命的星球。
life:生命
than there is in all the oceans of the Earth combined.
比地球上所有海洋里的海洋还要多。
oceans:海洋
It was taken by this thing, which is called the Voyager spacecraft.
它是由这个东西拍摄的，叫做 Voyager飞船。
Voyager:Voyager
And so when I came in and I started walking around, people --
因此当我开始步行来了各处的时候，
came:来了
because I thought that if I started walking, everyone would follow.
于是我就想如果我开始走路的话，大家都会跟我一起跟进。
follow:跟进
I walked all the way up to Port Townsend, Washington, where I built a wooden boat,
我一路行走到华盛顿的汤森港，在那儿我造了一艘木船，
walked:行走
I had 13 students when I first walked into the class.
我第一次行走教室的时候，那里有13个学生，
walked:行走
I put my banjo on and I walked all the way to the East Coast,
带上我的班卓琴， 一路行走到东海岸，
walked:行走
And as I walked off a little bit, they'd say, "Yeah, and shut up, too."
而当我刚行走了一小段之后，他们还会说 ：“对了，还有 闭上你的嘴。
walked:行走
I like to think of it as a kind of technological magic.
我喜欢把它看成一种它魔术
it:它
is that the world needs to have people in charge of that.
这个世界需要有来掌握这种事物
have:有
It's essentially got a battery, a button and an infrared LED,
它是由一节电池，一个开关和一个红外发光LED组成的。
LED:LED
we kind of buy our right to go on with our day.
我们好像在买我们继续生活的权利
buy:买
who had used that money that they had received to buy a few more goats.
那些牧羊人能够用他们收到的的贷款去买更多的山羊
received:收到的
And I think, at its core, it's deciding that you want your life to be better.
我认为，它的核心是一种让生活更更好的决心
better:更好
it's an amazing way, growing the number of people that we all have around us
一种令人令人惊奇的方式，让和我们有共同目标的人的数量
amazing:令人惊奇
that's what I believe will change the world and make tomorrow better than today.
我相信这种信念终将改变世界并让明天更更好
better:更好
how we looked like and how we behaved at different times,
在不同时间我们的相貌和我们的行为，
times:时间
who came to visit the National Museum of Ethiopia while I was working there.
当我在埃塞俄比亚的国家博物馆工作的同时，他造访了那里。
while:同时
for the first time, how infants looked over three million years ago.
距今300万年前的孤婴儿长什么样婴儿。
infants:婴儿
This is called the hyoid bone. It's a bone which is right here.
这个叫做舌骨。它就是长在这里的海奥伊德。
hyoid:海奥伊德
which is the joy and marvel of Sylvia's hope spot wish,
“西尔维娅的希望”能够获得成功的原因
wish:希望
"I think it all has to do with focusing yourself on one thing."
“我想成功就要使自己集中于一件事情”
focusing:集中
was a blog post authored earlier this year by Derek K. Miller,
是今年早些年份，戴瑞克·米勒发布的一个博客。
year:年份
based on all the content they created while they were alive?
基于他们活着同时创造的内容，那将会怎样？
while:同时
And, of course if you can build mice molars in Petri dishes,
当然如果你能在培养皿里制造老鼠摩拉尔
molars:摩拉尔
This is going on in Tony Atala's lab in Wake Forest
这是在维克丛林里的托尼阿塔拉实验室里醒目的
Wake:醒目
And one of the good things about this cure was that it was free,
而且用这个方法的一个好的就是它差不多是免费的，
good:好的
about another technology, which is probably better than anything we have,
这个新技术很可能比我们有的这两个方法都更好，
better:更好
indeed, what you see is that the car seats look a little bit better.
汽车安全看实际上还是稍微好些。
see:看
you won't see it in the recent crashes. The new car seats are far, far better."
你应该会发现新数据显示汽车看更安全。新的汽车安全看比旧的设计好得多了。
see:看
And I think this gives you a good idea of why parents think
我想着给你一个很好的为什么?为什么家长们觉得
why:为什么?
and it's got to work better than what we already have.
而且这个办法应该比我们现有的方法更好的多。
better:更好
just coming and never ending is amazing, and we're not amazed.
永远不会枯竭，真是令人令人惊奇，但我们好像并不觉得惊奇。
amazing:令人惊奇
just coming and never ending is amazing, and we're not amazed.
永远不会枯竭，真是令人惊奇，但我们好像并不觉得惊奇。
amazed:惊奇
And the second thing is, we're going to restructure its architecture.
第二，我们将重组它的重组。
restructure:重组
McLuhan was saying, "Machines are the extensions of the human senses."
他说，机器是人类感官（感觉）的延伸。
senses:感觉
So in the old one, if I wanted to go on to an airline Web page,
老，如果要到航空公司的网页，
old:老
Each time you go into there, you have to tell it again who you are
你每进一个就要再写一次你的资料，你是有，
have:有
It's always going to be there, and the closer it is, the better.
它永远都在，越近越更好。
better:更好
is that we have to begin to think about this as not just "the Web, only better,"
我们必须开始了解它不会是web，而会是有更好的东西。
have:有
I work in the mineral world. I work with more or less inert matter.
我在矿物世界工作，尽和些毫无生气的矿物打交道。
mineral:矿物
and you have to negotiate between this very private place where ideas take place
一边是非常有、自我的思想，另一边是外部世界
have:有
Architecture for me has been an investigation of a multiplicity of forces
对我来说建筑学就是调查调查各种力量
investigation:调查
And there it is, again, as it's starting to get resolved tectonically,
然后，是解决一些它问题
it:它
And there it is, again, as it's starting to get resolved tectonically,
然后，是解决一些它问题
it:它
And the building is no longer seen as an autonomous thing,
整座建筑不再是孤立的更长
longer:更长
into a complex, which is a piece of a city where we can see part of it
成为整个复杂设计中的片子的这样的理念，让地形作为城市的片子
piece:片子
The main idea was the gateway, where it breaks the site,
设计重点是楼的门廊，它将场地分成不同区域
gateway:门廊
This is the layer which actually touches the food you are swallowing
这层真正触摸到你吞咽下去
touches:触摸
tens of thousands of islands flung like jewels upon the southern sea.
成千上万的小岛像被散闪烁在南部海上的珠宝。
flung:闪烁
that a terrestrial explorer would follow a river to the sea.
就像地址学家追踪海入海。
sea:海
All life is suffering. That doesn't mean all life is negative.
生命即苦难。这并不代表我们就可以负生命。
negative:负
The gourd is a feminine aspect; the stick is a male.
葫芦的外表是雌性的，梗是女性的。
feminine:女性
and we followed the rest of the Arhuaco back to the sea,
我们让其他的Arhuaco跟随海上，
followed:跟随
I need to talk to you about what I consider one of the most egregious offenders
我需要和大家聊下我考虑在
consider:考虑
Even worse is when it finds its way into our natural environment --
更更糟的是当它进入我们的自然环境－
worse:更糟
And you count the number of times until the pattern head-tail-head appears
然后记下看到正反正情形出现时掷硬币的计数
count:计数
In fact, the average number of tosses till head-tail-head is 10
正反正情形下投掷硬币的次数是10次
tosses:投掷
When you toss a coin, you get a sequence of heads and tails.
投掷硬币的时候 你会得到一个正和反组成的序列
toss:投掷
When you look at DNA, there's a sequence of not two things -- heads and tails --
而当观察DNA时 会发现这不是两个在组成的序列--正反正--
at:在
and that is that modern genetics is a really exciting area of science.
那就是 现代基因学是一个很令人激动的科学科学
science:科学
And we'll hear some talks later in the conference specifically about that.
以后我们可能会议在某些大会议的演讲中听到这个部分
conference:会议
But it turns out that unlocking the secrets in the information generated by modern
但是若把现代实验它中发现的秘密公开，
it:它
is to weigh up the plausibility, or the likelihood, of two competing explanations.
权衡下面两种解释的可能或可能性
likelihood:可能
of a woman called Sally Clark, who had two babies who died suddenly.
一个女人叫做萨里?克拉克 她有两个婴儿 都突然去世
babies:婴儿
the chance of a second child dying from cot death aren't changed."
那么第二个婴儿发生猝死的概率也不会死亡。”
death:死亡
It's like saying, "If you toss a coin and get a head the first time,
这就像是在说：“如果你投掷硬币第一次是正
toss:投掷
So if you toss a coin twice, the chance of getting a head twice are a half --
所以如果你投掷两次硬币 第一次正的几率是二分之一
toss:投掷
All of quality control, which has had a major impact on industrial processing,
所有的质量控制 这些对工业处理的影响极其重要
processing:处理
there is a limitation to what a child who's deaf, an infant who was born deaf,
但一个失聪的婴儿，一个生来就失聪的婴儿，
infant:婴儿
music and melody is a very difficult thing to do --
旋律和旋律听起来就会非常困难。
melody:旋律
who I had the good fortune to work with for three years in my lab.
三年前我有幸和他在我的实验室里一同实验室。
lab:实验室
Truth of the matter is you can play the piano without a cochlear implant,
真理是，你没有人工耳蜗也可以弹钢琴，
Truth:真理
a type of DNA origami, where you take a long strand of DNA
一种类似折纸的DNA 折叠折叠，你可以将一股长条DNA
origami:折叠
you heat this whole thing up to about boiling. You cool it down
将其整个沸腾至接近沸腾。再待其冷却
boiling:沸腾
It'll approximate that shape. We do this for real in the test tube.
它大约就是那个形状。我们真的在试管中做这个测试。
test:测试
So that's DNA origami. That's one way. There are many ways
这就是 DNA 折叠折叠。而这只是目前
origami:折叠
I realized that my technologies had to make sense when I finished a project.
我感觉到在我完成我的项目时，这些技术要有意义。
sense:感觉
if you look at most business plans, they will actually succeed
如果你看一看大部分的商务计划书，他们其实是会成功的
business:商务
if given the opportunity to build what they say they're going to build --
如果给他们说让他们建造计划要建造的东西，
say:说
I've got a group of 10 people that work with me to gather data
我有一个10人的小组和我一起来数据数据，
data:数据
And I'm going to show you a small sample of this,
我要给你看一个这个的小样品，
sample:样品
And again, it forms the same straight line. You have a little bit of thickening in the line
再次，它线相同的直线。
line:线
And again, it forms the same straight line. You have a little bit of thickening in the line
再次，它线相同的直线。
line:线
There's one nano-engineered device that cures type 1 diabetes. It's blood cell-sized.
已经有纳米它的装置可以治愈1型糖尿病，而它只有血细胞的大小。
It:它
in applying psychoacoustic tests, gets very similar results to human auditory perception.
在音质测试的测试中，它得到了非常类似人类听觉的结果。
tests:测试
Wall Street noticed that this was a revolutionary technology, which it was,
华尔街注意到了这个革命性的它，的确，
it:它
It'll be millions of times more powerful than it is today.
它将会比现在的它强大数百万倍。
It:它
It'll be millions of times more powerful than it is today.
它将会比现在的它强大数百万倍。
it:它
And that, to a large extent, is what we want to do now.
而这在很大范围上 就是我们现在要做的
extent:范围
But I got a phone call from Bono in 1985 and, as you know,
但是我在1985年接到了波诺的呼叫
call:呼叫
But the thing that really amazed me, that I had no idea,
但最让我惊奇的是，我并不知道
amazed:惊奇
Woman: Life in the camp is never simple. Even today life is difficult.
女：在难民营里的甚至从不好过，直至今日也是如此。
Even:甚至
Jennifer: A soldier walked onto the road, asking where we'd been.
Jennifer:一个士兵走过来，问我们行走哪儿了。
walked:行走
And the one who was raping Evelyn came and defiled me also.
那个强暴Evelyn的人则来了过来侮辱我。
came:来了
who often put their lives at risk around the world, with cameras,
武装起世界各地的勇敢的、冒着风险的人们。
risk:风险
I think we can really transform the world in all sorts of ways.
我觉得我们真的可以从种种方面变换世界。
transform:变换
I want you to say, or I want you to convey,
我要你告诉我，传递传送我，
convey:传送
imagine walking up a staircase where some of the treads are missing,
就像你走到一个楼梯，发现有些踏步不见了，
treads:踏步
I want to know about them. Things that I can relate to:
我就联系更多的了解他们。通过我能够理解的事情：
relate:联系
And you're focused on me and why I'm such a great guy,
你专注在我的身上，集中为什么我是个很棒的人。
focused:集中
Step one: woman says, "I want to have a baby. Iskam baby."
第一步：女人说：“我想要个宝贝。”
baby:宝贝
Step one: woman says, "I want to have a baby. Iskam baby."
第一步：女人说：“我想要个宝贝。”
baby:宝贝
because I need to further my career or I just want to go have coffees.
我想进一步发展事业，或者我只是想偷闲喝咖啡
coffees:咖啡
that baba's been infected by the serious meme for 45 years.
爸爸已经受到了严肃梅姆基因45年的影响
meme:梅姆
But no, now our meme goes into work where we don't value play.
但不行啊，我们的梅姆基因使得我们不重视玩乐
meme:梅姆
They buy more of your service and they tell more of their friends,
他们会买更多的服务，并向自己的朋友推荐
buy:买
I don't care when you get in in the morning. I don't care when you leave.
我不管你是不是一大早来照顾，也不在乎你什么时候下班
care:照顾
I don't care when you get in in the morning. I don't care when you leave.
我不管你是不是一大早来照顾，也不在乎你什么时候下班
care:照顾
Why do I care if you get in at nine o'clock?
你是否九点钟来照顾与我何干呢？
care:照顾
I don't care if it's mountain biking or reading a book or playing a game.
不管是骑自行车山地自行车，阅读或玩游戏
biking:骑自行车
that eventually spawned a business idea between the two of us,
最终孕育我们两个产生了一个新的商务想法，
spawned:孕育
you can't say you didn't fall in love with your baby
你不能说你没有在你宝贝出生的第一
baby:宝贝
We were in the process of giving birth to our first child.
我们经历着我们出生孩子分娩的过程。
birth:出生
the baby was placed in my hands and I brought him over.
他们把宝贝放到我的手里， 我把他抱过来。
baby:宝贝
You can't talk about how lonely having a baby can be.
你不能说有个宝贝可能会让你感到孤独。
baby:宝贝
And we were able to cross this line, called the uncanny valley,
而我们能够越过这条线,把它线不可逾越的峡谷,
line:线
to a different kind of economy that's more suited to human needs,
到一个不同的，更适合人类需要的经济经济，
economy:经济
some of the green shoots of a very different kind of economy and capitalism
一种完全不同的经济经济和资本主义已萌生出绿芽
economy:经济
and linking them to whomever has got the most compelling needs.
把它们和有最强烈需求的人联系引人注目。
compelling:引人注目
of achieving a billion extra years of life for today's citizens.
为今天的公民多实现十亿年的寿命
achieving:实现
I'm not suggesting the crowds are about to storm the barricades
我不是建议人群去冲击障碍物
barricades:障碍物
quite possibly worse in a year's time than it is today.
很有可能一年后更加更糟。
worse:更糟
and considered the sailplanes as a sort of hobby and fun,
我把飞滑翔机当成是一个嗜好，
hobby:嗜好
And when all expenses were paid, the debt was handled, and everything was fine.
这样所有的费用都回来了，债也还清了，皆大欢喜。
expenses:费用
and we have not been involved in any human-powered flight since then --
我们之后再也没有做过和人力飞行器参与的东西。
involved:参与
the red line goes up. That's the humans and livestock and pets portion.
红线持续上升，这是人类，牲畜和家养宠物。
pets:宠物
Humans, livestock and pets are, now, 98 percent of the total world's mass
人类，宠物和宠物现在占了全世界空中和陆地上的
pets:宠物
and over the triangle, we now get to civilization and TV
三角形上，开始有人类文明，有电视
civilization:文明
as you walk through the air, it goes around your body, some has to go over you.
当你走路时，穿过空气，空气在你身体边流动，有些会到你上方去。
air:空气
And the words that I would like you to focus on
我想让你把焦点集中注意力在这两个词上
focus:集中注意力
and we have to find out how to manufacture them and do things of this kind,
并且我们必须找出怎么去制造出它们，并做这那种的事情
kind:那种
making a giant bowl in the rock where it drips in a stream.
因为他看见岩石中一个大石碗中有一条河流，这条河流是一滴一滴的河流日积月累而成的。
stream:河流
And then the Buddhists, of course, think that, because we've all had infinite previous lives,
佛教徒认为，人的生命是生命轮回的，是无止境的，
lives:生命
You gave me that expression; "the eternal mama," you said. That's wonderful.
也许你会把这定义为永恒的妈妈。这听起来太贴切了。
mama:妈妈
I used to meditate on George Bush. He's quite a cute mom in a female form.
我曾经也假想布什是我的妈妈，而且我把他想象成为一个相当可爱的女性形象的妈妈：
mom:妈妈
Then you move from there to remembering the kindness of mothers in general,
然后，在你的记忆中，妈妈的仁慈形象就有了一个大概的轮廓
kindness:仁慈
and that is to ask about the role of users and consumers
也就是问问消费者和消费者
consumers:消费者
that Jimmy was talking about, which is our new kinds of organization,
对于吉米所讲的各种类型东西的需求，也就是我们新的组织形式，
kinds:各种类型
there is a moment of birth when someone comes up with an idea.
某人想出一个那一刻就像是诞生婴儿的那一刻一样。
moment:那一刻
they use technology that's getting cheaper -- it's not just the Internet:
他们使用越来越便宜的它：不光是互联网，
it:它
where there is a radical depletion of oxygen in the oceans.
海洋含氧量急剧耗尽
depletion:耗尽
had just moved to a new city and taken on a new job.
刚刚被采纳到一个新城市，找了一份新工作。
taken:被采纳
Well what the problem is this tends to concentrate these genes.
这样一来，问题就产生了，因为这些基因指望聚集到了一起。
tends:指望
until there's, you know, like a bug that's dead on the window.
直到……打个比方吧……有一只错误的尸体粘在窗子上面。
bug:错误
at someone who is trying to drive their car and drink coffee
骂那些想法设法开车，咖啡，
coffee:咖啡
The smaller you make it the more quickly you can turn.
当半径越小时飞行器能转动越快
turn:转动
and trying to figure out how to best go through the hoop.
最好的预测怎么才能最有效地钻过去
best:最好的
It figures out where it is with respect to the features
弄明白了相对这些尊重，自己在哪里，
respect:尊重
Okay let me do this differently. Is anybody preferring the Wonderbread at all?
好吧，让我换个方式说。有人偏好神奇面包吗？
preferring:偏好
And while I'm starting to make some bread for you here,
而且就在我要开始给你们做些面包的同时，
while:同时
And the whiter the bread, in many countries, the better it is.
而且在很多国家，面包越白越更好。
better:更好
something to protect their crop and to bring it to a market.
一些保护他们作物的东西，然后带来他们的产品进入市场。
bring:带来
That's what we must aim for in the next 20 to 30 years.
我们必须在以后20到30年达到那个目的
aim:目的
Because that is the only way I'm going to get my story across to you.
因为只有这样我才能把故事传达给你们。
story:故事
about something so remarkable and so iconic in the rainforests there,
学习和研究雨林中这些标志性的生物，
rainforests:雨林
but it's the truth. It's just one of the filthiest cesspools you can imagine.
但这是真话。这是你能想象的最脏的河了。
truth:真话
And that is the truth. And that's what I try to get out.
这是真话。也是我想告诉大家的。
truth:真话
Whenever he eats the pit viper he gets this little venom rush.
每当它捕食蝮毒蛇的时候，它就过一把毒蛇毒瘾。
viper:毒蛇
This is a representative patient who at the time was 73 --
这是一个典型病人，病人当时73岁
patient:病人
This is a representative patient who at the time was 73 --
这是一个典型时间，病人当时73岁
time:时间
A year later, it's not as clogged; normally, it goes the other direction.
一年之后，它并不那么封锁了——而通常情况下它会变得更差。
clogged:封锁
because it makes such a big difference in their quality of life.
因为它极大地改善了人们的生活不同。
difference:不同
but it's really not natural because we found it could get better and better,
可是它的确又不是必然的，因为我们发现病情可以变得越来越更好，
better:更好
but it's really not natural because we found it could get better and better,
可是它的确又不是必然的，因为我们发现病情可以变得越来越更好，
better:更好
We also found that the more people change, the better they got.
我们也发现，人们改变得越多，他们变得越更好。
better:更好
There are lots of ways we have of avoiding and numbing and bypassing pain,
我们有许多可以消除、减轻和绕过疼痛的方法，
bypassing:绕过
These are not election returns; these are the percentage of people who are overweight.
这些不是选举反馈，这些是超重人群的百分比。
percentage:百分比
And it's the volume of food that affects satiety, rather than the type of food.
我们的饱足感与食物的音量有关，与食物的种类无关。
volume:音量
It also helps reduce the risk of the most common cancers
它也会帮助减少患最常见的癌症的机率，
reduce:减少
whether it's the deforestation of the Amazon, or making more protein available,
比如为了防止亚马逊森林被过度采伐，或为了制造更多的蛋白质
making:制造
they added it to a standard line of prostate tumor cells growing in tissue culture,
他们把样本加入一排标准的含有正在肿瘤的肿瘤细胞的组织培养液中，
tumor:肿瘤
And finally, we did MRI and MR spectroscopy scans on some of these patients,
最后，我们对其中一些病人做了核磁共振MRI和核磁共振光谱检测，
MRI:MRI
I'm here today representing a team of artists and technologists and filmmakers
今天我在这里代表了一队艺术家、技术专家和电影电影制作人
filmmakers:电影制作人
that worked together on a remarkable film project for the last four years.
在过去的四年里，他们在一起为一个了不起的电影项目项目。
project:项目
It's about a man who's born old and lives his life in reverse.
讲的是一个生下来就很老然后老着相反的生活。
old:老
It was beyond the technology of the day to depict a man aging backwards.
刻画一个人从老到年轻，这超越了当时的它能力。
It:它
and the fact that this guy is a global icon didn't help either,
事实上布拉德作为一个全球图标也没能帮上一把，
icon:图标
And they both believed this would make an amazing film, of course,
他们都相信这无疑会是一个令人令人惊奇的电影
amazing:令人惊奇
And I can remember, actually, when I got the phone call to congratulate us,
我可以记起来，事实上，但我收到祝贺我们的呼叫，
call:呼叫
So we had three main areas that we had to focus on.
我们有三个主要的需要集中注意力的地方。
focus:集中注意力
And then animators can take the data of the motion of those markers
然后动画师数据这些数据
data:数据
And as you can see, it gives you a pretty crappy performance.
正如你所看到的，这种它所生成的画面相当糟糕
it:它
And so we edited the footage that was shot on location
因此，我们编辑了这是录像画面上的位置
footage:录像
In 1995, we started working on a two-year investigative research project
在1995年我们发起了一个为期两年的研究研究课题
research:研究
And this is footage from a hidden camera in a button.
这是一段通过隐藏在纽扣里的摄像机录像到的画面
footage:录像
Now we had to start changing these people and converting them from using that
现在，我们要开始转换那些人，让他们停止以做那些事
converting:转换
I met a classmate who remains to be a friend of mine.
的一个同学，也是我现在的一位同学。
classmate:同学
While we are putting on our shoes or making a sandwich,
当我们穿鞋，或是做三明治的期间，
While:期间
and ask you to predict the next letter, what do you think that would be?
然后请你预言下一个字母，你们觉得会是什么呢？
predict:预言
which is why you find them in the very high range.
所以他们处在高高的范围里
high:高
And I feel like this whole evening has been very amazing to me.
我觉得这整个晚上都让我感到非常令人惊奇。
amazing:令人惊奇
I guess so. Because in a way, if a TEDster relates to all the interconnectedness
我有关是这样的。 因为在某种意义上，如果TED成员连接着所有的互联
relates:有关
I guess so. Because in a way, if a TEDster relates to all the interconnectedness
我想是这样的。 因为在某种意义上，如果TED成员互联性着所有的互联
interconnectedness:互联性
My bones are aching. I go from birth to death. I'm never satisfied.
我骨头痛苦。 我经历生死。 我从不满足。
aching:痛苦
saying they were going to give it to everyone, and then they were even worse.
宣称他们将把财富分给所有人，然后他们其实更更糟。
worse:更糟
that I had no freaking idea how I was going to cash.
我完全不知道如何现金的支票。
cash:现金
and we're going to figure out a way for him to do his art again.
我们会找出一个能让他再次艺术的方式。
art:艺术
but I just recognized something and associated myself with amazing people
但我只是相关一些事并把我自己和一些了不起的人联系起来
associated:相关
who was shot while at a demonstration with her father in Iran
在与她父亲示威同时，不幸被射杀的伊朗女孩。
while:同时
as one of the great institutions in our land and in the world.
最伟大的国际机构之一。
institutions:机构
So the great project of our generation, it seems to me,
所以在我看来，我们这一代最重要的它
it:它
Last words said to his mother who was also tortured to death:
对他同样被折磨致死的母亲所说的最后一句词汇：
words:词汇
That global ethic can infuse the fairness and responsibility that is necessary
全球性的道德观可以为这些机构注入公平、负责的理念，
fairness:公平
What I want you to do is to create a biologically inspired design.
我想让你做一个由生物受到启发灵感的设计。
inspired:受到启发
Extraordinary. No sensing, all the control is built right into the tuned legs.
非常棒。没有感知装置，所有的控制组件都装在这个谐调的腿中了。
sensing:感知
We found that they're for something else -- here's a segment of that spine.
后来我们发现它们有别的功效——这里是一根刺的分段
segment:分段
It's a secret. The animal effectively climbs by slipping and look --
这是个秘密。动物很有效的利用攀登，看——
climbs:攀登
And we discovered this glue may be an interesting two-phase mixture.
而且我们发现这些胶状物可能是两种混合物的混合物。
mixture:混合物
and listen for echoes from the sea floor in order to orient.
并倾听海底回声的回声来定位。
echoes:回声
All marine mammals use sound for communication to stay in touch.
所有海洋哺乳动物用声音来保持相互触摸。
touch:触摸
went down to the latitude of Miami and came back again.
它游至迈阿密同一纬度时，开始来了回游。
came:来了
and if the shipbuilding industry adopts them for building new ships,
并且造船业采用这些标准来造船船只，
shipbuilding:造船
and if the shipbuilding industry adopts them for building new ships,
并且造船业采用这些标准来建筑船只，
building:建筑
It you slow down, you reduce the amount of noise you make
如果放慢速度，会慢所产生的噪音
slow:慢
Second: you can tour the universe with astronomers as your guides.
第二，在浏览宇宙的巡游中可以让天文学家作为您的向导。
tour:巡游
you may be watching a tour and you can pause anywhere along the way,
你可以观看巡游，也可以随时随地停留，
tour:巡游
watching a totally overdressed Aaron Rodgers of the Green Bay Packers,
穿过衣服的密密实实的绿湾包装工的艾伦·罗杰
overdressed:穿过衣服
Again, I can use both of my hands to interact and move photos around.
再一次，我可以用我双手和照片交互，把照片挪来相互作用去。
interact:相互作用
I kind of cringe at the idea that we're going to introduce a whole new generation
要向大家介绍全新的与以往传统鼠标--窗口操作界面不同的全，
whole:全
- we'll be helped by things like graphics and visualization and inference tools,
因为有视觉化、可视化界面工具
visualization:视觉化
load in different data sets that NASA's collected over the years.
NASA多年数据的各种资料
data:数据
load in different data sets that NASA's collected over the years.
NASA多年数组的各种资料
sets:数组
you know. It's not just simply relegated to a kind of 2D panning and motion.
你知道。不 只是受限于简单的二维平面攀移与 panning。
panning:panning
I'm a little more interested in the kind of creative applications we can do with this.
我对于我们 可以应用这东西，所做的创意性应用更感兴趣
applications:应用
is follow the colored ball that I ask you to follow.
跟进盯着那些被我提到的有颜色的球
follow:跟进
is follow the colored ball that I ask you to follow.
跟进盯着那些被我提到的有颜色的球
follow:跟进
It's a much bigger piece that I do exploring the space of a geometric triangle.
这是片子更大的一个项目，我做了一个对集合三角空间的探索
piece:片子
And they influenced that, and this next piece, which I'll do a little segment of.
他们受影响了下一个我要说的章节，这章我要分开来说。
influenced:受影响
which were stones with designs that were used to roll over wet clay
它过去是石头，设计曾经用来滚动湿粘土，
roll:滚动
and I don't know if my hands are too beaten up to do it or not,
和我不知道是否我的双手它太差而无法做，
it:它
and so we're now focused more and more on human-centered design,
现在我们对人性化设计的中心越来越多
centered:中心
The battery-powered Spyfish sends the live video-feed through a slender cable.)
强劲的电池使得Spyfish活通过一根细长的缆线传送实时视频。）
live:活
and IDEO has donated their time to do this kind of work --
IDEO捐赠员工一定工作时间来完成这种工作。
donated:捐赠
We can't see what makes people tick, at least not without difficulty.
我们不能看到是什么支配着人的一举一动，至少不是一件轻松的最小。
least:最小
Wherever he went, at every stall he stopped he was closely followed
不管他跟随到哪里，在他停下来的每一处他都被一个
followed:跟随
I have no idea what any of you are thinking. Isn't that amazing?
我不知道你们中的任何一个人在想什么，这难道不令人令人惊奇吗？
amazing:令人惊奇
But we can't read each other's minds. I find that quite astonishing.
但是我们不能知道对方在想什么。我觉得这很让人惊奇。
astonishing:惊奇
is to send out powerful signals to the rest of us that it doesn't exist.
就是向外界信号这样一个强有力的信号：它不存在。
signals:信号
if a person shines a beam of light straight across your eyes,
如果直线在你的眼前正方发射出一道光，
straight:直线
"Why are we here?" and "What should we do about it while we are?
“我们为什么在这里？”和“当我们在这里同时我们应该怎么办？”
while:同时
as being the sum total of all thoughts and dreams, myths,
一个人类自从有自我意识以来通过梦
dreams:梦
that is based not on the idea of being self-consciously close to it,
这并不是因为他们自我地认识到这一点
self:自我
Whether it's the abode of a spirit or a pile of ore is irrelevant.
无论那座大山是神的住处 或者仅仅是一堆矿石 这都不重要
abode:住处
ELA: You can get at some pretty abstract concepts with this sort of thing.
你可以通过这个得到非常抽象的抽象
abstract:抽象
That's 12 percent of all the books that have ever been published.
其中12%的书已被书
books:书
Our media have to scream at us with these kinds of headlines
媒体不得不用这样的头条向我们“嘶吼”
headlines:头条
and you'll see the title of my talk and my two affiliations.
你们可以看到我演说的头衔和我的两个专业资格
title:头衔
but I have one recollection, which was pretty strong in my mind.
但我还记得一段挺强烈的回忆
recollection:回忆
he's a very proper British gentleman so, "What is conspicuously lacking
他是一个很传统的英国绅士， ”现在显著英国人缺少的是，
British:英国人
This is actually a symptom of the fact that we just don't have a theory.
种种症状都在说明我们根本没有一个好的理论
symptom:症状
This is actually a symptom of the fact that we just don't have a theory.
种种证据都在理论我们根本没有一个好的理论
theory:理论
We experience the world through a sequence of patterns, and we store them,
我们通过序列的模式来感受世界环境，然后贮存，
sequence:序列
It can run and hide. It has fears and emotions. It can eat you, you know.
会走会躲，会害怕会有恐惧，会吃人，
fears:恐惧
Then, if in that framework, you take a bunch of theoreticians.
然后，如果在框架里，我们找一群框架研究者，
framework:框架
Anyone who gets up and tells you their theory about how the brain works
如果有人理论大脑理论时，
theory:理论
are going to be a very fundamental technology, and it's going to lead
将会成为很基本的它，它将会在未来100年带领着
it:它
She is already out in the streets, working with the party
她已经串行于街头，和党派聚会一起
party:聚会
If the wind blows them over, they're like beetles stuck there on the ground.
一阵风吹来，他们就会像蜜蜂一样翻倒在地。
beetles:蜜蜂
besides getting to come to TED -- is that you get to say really fun words,
除了有说来 TED演讲以外，就是可以说很有趣的单词，
say:说
besides getting to come to TED -- is that you get to say really fun words,
除了有机会来 TED词汇以外，就是可以说很有趣的单词，
words:词汇
Our idea of what a dictionary is has not changed since her reign.
我们对字典的理解自维多利亚女王统治统治以来没有改变过。
reign:统治
because finding what you are looking for is so damned difficult.
其实是因为发现到你想发现的东西是如此困难。
finding:发现
How can you say that a sledgehammer is better than a ball-peen hammer?"
你怎么可以说这种雪橇hammer比那种雪橇hammer好？
sledgehammer:雪橇hammer
How can you say that a sledgehammer is better than a ball-peen hammer?"
你怎么可以说这种锤子比那种锤子更好？
better:更好
but maybe to count the cars that go by, then more eyeballs are better.
而是去数来往的车辆，那越多双眼睛越更好。
better:更好
So if you think of the word "set," a set can be a badger's burrow,
当你想到一个词“set”—“set”可以指獾的洞穴，
burrow:洞穴
a set can be one of the pleats in an Elizabethan ruff,
也可以指伊利沙白时代衣领上的提议——
pleats:提议
If you don't know the provenance or the source of the artifact,
如果你不知道原产地或源头，
provenance:原产地
If you don't know the provenance or the source of the artifact,
如果你不知道起源或原产地，
provenance:原产地
I'm here as a voice of the victims and survivors of human trafficking.
我是代表那些性奴隶贩卖的受害者以及幸存者
trafficking:贩卖
I had this company that I'd spent 15 years building. It's called Future;
我原来有个叫“未来”的公司，是我花了15年未來打造的。
Future:未來
and before the bloodshed was finished, 1,000 people had lost their jobs
而到这一腥风血雨完成前， 我们公司总共
finished:完成
and I believe that this conference can play a big part for all of us
我相信这个会议议会议成为我们生活中重要的一部分
conference:会议
And I discovered that while I'd been busy playing business games,
我发现，就在我沉溺于商业游戏的同时，
while:同时
Here's one the Russians are already building that floats on a barge.
这个是俄罗斯在装甲船上安装的。
barge:装甲船
For example, cellulosic ethanol, to power the entire U.S. vehicle fleet,
举例来说：这是产生能够满足整个美国车辆需要的纤维素乙醇
vehicle:车辆
it would be the size of Rhode Island to power the U.S. vehicle fleet.
产生满足美国车辆所需的能源大概只需要罗得岛大小的面积。
vehicle:车辆
And as usual, they had to buy nuclear power from France.
像往常一样，他们只好向法国买核能发的电。
buy:买
in that the natural ecosystems can't adjust to these rapid changes,
比如对天气的直接影响，或对生态系统的间接影响，生态系统无法应对剧烈调整的结果就是生态系统的全面崩溃
adjust:调整
Now, when I use the term "miracle," I don't mean something that's impossible.
虽然我用了“奇迹”期限，但这并不是说这件事是不可能的
term:期限
It breathes this uranium as it goes along, so it's kind of like a candle.
这种它就像蜡烛一样,逐渐烧尽铀废料
It:它
It breathes this uranium as it goes along, so it's kind of like a candle.
这种它就像蜡烛一样,逐渐烧尽铀废料
it:它
It breathes this uranium as it goes along, so it's kind of like a candle.
这种它就像蜡烛一样,逐渐烧尽铀废料
it:它
If you gave me only one wish for the next 50 years --
如果我能为下个50年许一个希望
wish:希望
This is an important wish, but it is one I think we can achieve.
这是一个重要的希望，并且我觉得这是一个可以实现的希望
wish:希望
CA: And so, to understand it right, this involves building deep into the ground
主持人：那么，是不是说，这需要往地下建筑
building:建筑
we will discover life on Mars and find that it is literally ubiquitous
我们会发现火星上生命的生命并且发现它们充斥于
life:生命
My plan is to actually buy puts on the precious metal market,
我的计划是在稀有金属市场购买期权，
plan:计划
My plan is to actually buy puts on the precious metal market,
我的想法是在稀有金属市场买期权，
buy:买
So, they took a bet that no one would win by January of '05,
所以他们打了个赌注没人会在1月5号前获胜，
bet:赌注
make a beeline for the moon and grab some real estate.
然后直冲月球去抢些财产。
estate:财产
And turns out 7-Up has just done a little commercial that's airing this month.
正好七喜刚拍完一个商业，准备这个月开始播出。
commercial:商业
when you announce it and teams start to begin doing trials.
当你宣布之后团队就开始审判。
trials:审判
So, as an organization, we put together a prize discovery process
发现一个组织，我们建立起一个奖项开发流程
discovery:发现
of how to come up with prizes and write the rules,
来规则如何设置一个奖项并拟定规则，
rules:规则
And how I set about that, I got some splinters of wood.
怎么做的呢？我找了一些碎裂缝，
splinters:裂缝
And I sliced the little splinters of wood with a broken shard of glass,
然后用一片碎玻璃把裂缝切成更小的木片，
splinters:裂缝
Well it looked like a little shanty shed when I'd finished.
完工后的公寓看起来就像个破旧的小贫民窟。
shanty:贫民窟
And I'm trying to remove it. And the static is interfering with everything.
我试图去除静电，因为它静态了所有的工作。
static:静态
When the sunlight comes through the window you see these little fibers.
当阳阳光进窗户的时候，你会看到一些细小的纤维。
sunlight:阳光
She could come to work in her pajamas and nobody would care.
她可以穿睡衣来照顾，并且没有人会在意
care:照顾
that a 60-sec film can be as powerful as a haiku
60秒电影可以跟三行俳句海库一样
haiku:海库
whose mission, and whose purpose in following the path of the prophet
我们的使命，我们的目的，就是追随先知之路，
purpose:目的
therefore, our objective and our mission must be to be sources of compassion,
因此，我们的目的，我们的使命必将是以慈悯为本，
objective:目的
After many years of training, of disciplining, of search and struggle,
经过多年的修炼，持戒，探寻和斗争，
struggle:斗争
In a teaching -- called a "hadith qudsi" in our tradition --
在一部教义里，被我们的哈迪斯称为库德西圣训，
hadith:哈迪斯
The next day I came to see him. I was like, "Doctor, that was a really good joke."
第二天我来了见他，我说：“医生，那个笑话真不错。”
came:来了
where they were twirling faster and faster until they tumbled to the ground,
一圈一圈越转越快，直到最后倒塌在地上
tumbled:倒塌
you can push them over and they go thud in the mud."
你就能把它们翻倒在泥。”
mud:泥
And when I have no more love left, I just drink milk,
我的爱用完了，我就牛奶，
milk:牛奶
that appears at the end of my book, "The Council of Dads,"
这封信出现收录在《爸爸军团》的结尾部分。
appears:出现
And I just want to mention briefly in passing -- I'm past my time limit --
我只想简短地提一下－我的过去过了－
past:过去
They're fighting to develop their own way of living within the forest
他们在战斗，想要保持自己在森林里的生活方式
fighting:战斗
If she has a bad run, and her score isn't good,
要是她这轮没玩好，跑太低，
run:跑
as those that we describe in ourselves as happiness, sadness, fear, despair.
类似于人类的恐惧，有时甚至是一样的。
fear:恐惧
They have a sense of humor, and these are the kind of things
它们也有幽默感，而正是这那种感知
kind:那种
and there are groups all over the place that I keep hearing about
有些团队的在那儿的地名我以前从来没听说过
there:在那儿
if we buy the things that are ethical for us to buy
如果我们只买该买的东西
buy:买
if we buy the things that are ethical for us to buy
如果我们只买该买的东西
buy:买
that collect all that cadmium neurotoxin that comes from your brake liners
聚集了来自汽车制动装置的所有的镉神经毒素
neurotoxin:神经毒素
actually this is one of the components of it that we've just recently been testing --
其实这是我们最近在试验的东西的一个组件
components:组件
You know, coyote in Central Park, a whale in the Gowanus Canal,
你知道，中央公园有丛林牛仔，河流港口有鲸
coyote:牛仔
Actually the theme of this conference, I think, has hit on really one of the major keys to pull that off --
我认为这次研讨会的主题，实际上就是策划出关键我，并予以实现
I:我
with how the stream and the meadow and the forest and the cliffs
河流、牧草地、森林和悬崖是怎样
meadow:牧草地
But every time I would return from my trips I'd return back to New York City.
但是每一次我旅行回来，到纽约市。
trips:旅行
if I could place this map in the grid of the city today,
把这张地图放在今日纽约市的网格上，
grid:网格
so that we can zoom in to where the Collect Pond is.
这样我们就可以放大蓄水池塘的位置。
Pond:池塘
to make these fantastic landscapes that we all see in the movies.
来电影这些只有在电影中才看得到的奇幻的自然景观。
movies:电影
And I think this is what we're learning about building cities in the future.
我认为，这是我们学习如何建筑未来城市的一种借鉴。
building:建筑
And I would personally say that we have to craft new political realities,
我有认为 我们需要重塑一种新的政治
have:有
OK, so, much, much better than the average crowd, I can tell you that.
更好 很更好 比我通常遇到的情况更好多了
better:更好
and somebody just came up with the idea of well, what if you rolled it. Right?
于是有人说 那能不能推着水桶来了呢
came:来了
it didn't have to be better than all other TV shows ever made;
根本不必做得比以前的更好
better:更好
It was a complicated piece of legislation, a lot of moving parts.
这个立法内容非常复杂，有很多灵活的片子
piece:片子
Then, I don't look it, but I was the Indian national squash champion
然而，我不喜欢，不过我曾是印度国家壁球冠军
champion:冠军
You have to be a cop-out or a wash-out or a dropout
必须是一个逃学，考试出去，或者辍学的人
out:出去
You have to be a cop-out or a wash-out or a dropout
必须是一个逃学，考试出去，或者辍学的人
out:出去
the puppet calls the teacher and the parent in front of the whole village
木偶就会叫老师和家长来，当着全村的前面，
front:前面
So he summoned me and said, "Can you train me 150 grandmothers?"
所以总统召唤了我，说，"你能帮我再培养150名老奶奶吗？"
summoned:召唤
This is allowing them to find the bonding nodes in any lattice of atoms.
这可以让他们在任何原子矩阵中去寻找节点的节点。
nodes:节点
and you can try to simulate them and tell me which one you think you might prefer.
你可以幻想这两种未来，看看你更偏好哪一种。
prefer:偏好
so that they can feel better about the worlds in which they find themselves.
让人们感到自己的生活更好。
better:更好
OK. Now I, like Ze Frank, can predict your next thought,
我像泽.法兰克（Ze Frank）一样可以预言你会想什么。
predict:预言
we all smile at them, but we kind of roll our eyes and say,
我们会冲他们微笑，同时会滚动着眼睛说：
roll:滚动
We're going to give you one as your prize to take home.
我们将把画去奖品给你。
going:去
I mean, you go out on a date with a guy,
你出去和一个男士约会，
guy:男士
When Lexus wants to sell you a car, they're telling you a story.
Lexus凌志通过讲故事向你出售它的车。
sell:出售
I'm yanking them in from the back. I'm doing double knots.
猛得从身后拉着安全带，锁了个双扣。
yanking:拉着
I'm yanking them in from the back. I'm doing double knots.
猛得从身后侧拉过双重，锁了个双扣。
double:双重
And she's still talking while she puts the car in park,
停车到位同时她还在喋喋不休呢，
while:同时
with kids like these; kids that hopefully will grow up to love rocketry
和这样的孩子一起拍的，这些孩子长大后会热爱火箭火箭，
rocketry:火箭
those fuel-efficient cars will reduce our fossil fuel needs by four percent.
这些高效燃油小轿车就会使人们对化石燃料的需求减少四成。
reduce:减少
I can drive my Toyota Element when I'm going to go on that surfing trip.
也可以换一台丰田我去海边冲浪。
I:我
I can drive my Toyota Element when I'm going to go on that surfing trip.
也可以换一台丰田我去海边冲浪。
I:我
And I think that we can apply social networks and online payment systems
我想我们可以通过完善社会网络通信网络以及在线支付网络
networks:网络
You know it's going to really transform how we feel about travel,
这一切将会变换我们传统意义上出行的观念。
transform:变换
One last piece about this, of course, is that it's enabled by wireless technologies.
这一切能够实现的基础就是无线它。
it:它
And what congestion pricing is is that it's a technology trial and a psychological trial
高峰期行车收费是一项它测试和心理测试，
it:它
I guess you guys might have Fast Pass here or Easy Lane --
我猜，你们当中会有拥有FastPass，或者EasyLane，
have:有
but this one particular slice of communications needs to be open source.
但是，这一个特殊的通信切片需要是开源的。
slice:切片
but when you flipped open a newspaper, when you turned on the TV,
每当你闪烁报纸，打开电视，
flipped:闪烁
I love the way that they can stare at a bug crossing the sidewalk.
我喜欢他们凝视一只小虫爬上人行道时专注的表情。
stare:凝视
I love the way that they can stare at a bug crossing the sidewalk.
我喜欢他们看着一只错误爬上人行道时专注的表情。
bug:错误
hitting a string of green lights on the way home from work.
下班后，走运打一路绿灯。
hitting:打
or the first time you pulled a 20-dollar bill out of your old jacket pocket
你也曾经从旧夹克口袋里掏出一张20元纸币，
jacket:夹克
When I was growing up, my dad used to love telling the story
我小时候，我爸爸很喜欢跟我讲
dad:爸爸
And my dad says he got off the plane and he went to this lunch
我爸爸说，他下了飞机，参加了这个午宴，
dad:爸爸
Things are amazing. There's just so many things to be happy about."
生活真是太奇妙了，充满了令人令人惊奇的事情。”
amazing:令人惊奇
So, I shelved it, and I made this other movie about a big ship that sinks.
所以我将这个想法放置一旁，转而电影了一部关于大船沉入海底的电影。
movie:电影
Nobody had ever looked inside the wreck. They didn't have the means to do it,
在此之前，没有人看过残骸的内部。他们没有所需要的它，
it:它
And the fact is that there were immediate wounds and needs that needed to be filled,
实际的问题是，有很多紧迫的伤口和需求需要被抚慰和满足。
wounds:伤口
DR: Yeah. And the city actually -- through Tim Zagat initially,
大卫： 是的。城市实际上--一开始通过蒂姆扎加特，
city:城市
through the city, to make sure that they knew this was happening.
通过城市，来确保他们都知道这个项目。
city:城市
So this developer said, "You know what, we'll underwrite the entire expense."
所以那个大开发商说：“你知道吗，我们会支付整个开支。”
expense:开支
in putting this together, watching the crowds that gathered at Saint Paul --
把这个搭建起来，监视那些聚集在圣保罗大教堂的拥挤的人群--
watching:监视
a lot of your work, I think, is informed by your belief in, or your focus on
我想很多你的作品都是基于你的一种信念，或者说你集中注意力于
focus:集中注意力
Doodling is really to make spontaneous marks to help yourself think.
多德林实际上是能帮助你思考的自发性记号
Doodling:多德林
? Then a phone call came to tell you ... ?
?然后接到一个呼叫?
call:呼叫
figure out some of the problems that are affecting us these days?
解决现今与我们天息息相关的各种问题呢？
days:天
They could spin on their heads for 80 times in a row.
他们能头顶在地上连续旋转80多圈
spin:旋转
I have been told that there must be something we can do.
有告诉我说我们肯定能做些什么。
have:有
But the truth of the matter is, you look at that car,
但真话是 当你注视着辆车的时候
truth:真话
At the very end of it, I showed a list under that title.
在那次演讲的结尾，我在一个头衔下列出了一张列表。
title:头衔
I would never have the money to actually pay for the installment
事实上我不可能有钱来分摊这些设备、
installment:分摊
It turns out that regular Play-Doh that you buy at the store conducts electricity,
其实在商店里买的正规的橡皮泥都能导电，
buy:买
If I place that between, now all the dough is touching,
如果我把它放在中间，所有的橡皮泥都触摸在一起，
touching:触摸
We've had a mom in Utah who used them with her kids,
在犹他州有位妈妈，与她的孩子们一起玩这些橡皮泥，
mom:妈妈
I think it's enough with water for me. The other guys can talk about -- cheers.
水於我已够好. 其他男人们可能会说到 .. 干杯.
guys:男人们
And now and then, I get some extra sympathy points, right?
不时还得到些额外的同情然后呢，不是吗?
then:然后
There was the place. And here is king of spades, correct?
在那儿就在那里 -- 黑桃K在此，对吗?
There:在那儿
There was the place. And here is king of spades, correct?
在这儿就在那里 -- 黑桃K在此，对吗?
here:在这儿
And this is face up, and it's not at the bottom here.
这樣牌底部上，它並不在這牌底.
bottom:底部
You know, a gentleman was once watching a presentation I was doing,
一位先生曾经观看我
gentleman:先生
And I moved his body like that, while he was playing.
当他演奏的同时我就这样移动了他的身体。
while:同时
It's one of the characteristics of a leader that he not doubt
这是一个坚定不移的领导者的特点，
characteristics:特点
There was a gentleman in the front row who went, "Mmm."
坐在第一排的这位先生刚刚，“啊。。”放松了。
gentleman:先生
Would you think of somebody who you adore, who's no longer there?
请你想起一个你崇拜的人，但是他/她已经不在了。
adore:崇拜
He depends, for his power, on his ability to make other people powerful.
他的能量取决于发挥别人的力量。
depends:取决于
For me, it's very simple. It's not about wealth and fame and power.
这个定义很简单。它不是财富，名声，权利。
fame:名声
She told me this. She said, "I walked out of Auschwitz into life
她说，”我活着从奥斯威辛行走了出来，
walked:行走
You look at that box and you see it only as a receptacle for the tacks.
当你看到盒子，你不过把它当成装大头针的箱子
box:箱子
Attach the candle to the wall so the wax doesn't drip onto the table.
实验对象必须要找出一个让蜡烛黏在墙上，又不会滴水烛泪的方法
drip:滴水
What happened? As long as the task involved only mechanical skill
结果呢？只要是机械形态的任务
task:任务
And so I placed one more element of each one of them.
所以我在它们之间多放了一个我。
I:我
with every stride you could cover seven leagues, or 21 miles,
每迈出步就可以完成7联赛，或者21英里，
stride:步
And it's an idea that I think is very prevalent at these TED Talks,
我认为，这种观点在TED会谈者中比较普遍，
Talks:会谈
One of the things that underpins it is this idea of resilience.
支持上述观点的是可恢复性理论。
underpins:支持
There was a degree of resilience, if you like, at that time,
这就是可恢复性的一个时间，希望你们喜欢，
time:时间
So it started out with some work I was involved in in Ireland,
在爱尔兰我开始了参与的工作，
involved:参与
we have a huge dearth of stories about how to move forward creatively from here.
除这里分享的，我们还贫穷大量故事来指导我们创新的转变。
dearth:贫穷
Well, we used to use trampettes. In the old days, that's all they had.
我们以前用的是绷床。老人们只有这个。
old:老
Two stunt guys doing what I consider to be a rather benign stunt.
两名特技演员正在表演，我考虑这是比较温和的特技。
consider:考虑
and yet with the green screen we can have some moving image that a skydiver took,
而通过使用绿屏，我们能在跳伞者后放上些接受的画面，
took:接受
He didn't know if he would live or die. This is an extremely brave man.
他不知道是否活生还。这是个极其勇敢的男人。
live:活
It took me a while; it took me years to find the right balloon team
这让我花了些同时，我花了几年同时才找到合适的气球团队
while:同时
The problem is to remain an artist as we grow up. I believe this passionately,
问题是我们长大后留下继续保有艺术灵感。我坚信：
remain:留下
"Must try harder." Being sent to bed by his dad, you know,
（笑声)“你要努力学习”你能想象他爸爸边说边把他抱上床，
dad:爸爸
I think you'd have to conclude the whole purpose of public education
关于公办教育的目的，我结束你会得出这样的结论
conclude:结束
And there you will see it -- grown men and women
（笑声）在那你会看到，妇女男女
women:妇女
there's a shaft of nerves that joins the two halves of the brain
由神经来加入左脑和右脑
joins:加入
First, we'd need to buy content from the West and air it.
第一，我需要从西方买，播放喜剧节目
buy:买
with bags full of medals, with lots of admirers and friends.
都是奖牌而归，并获得很多崇拜者和朋友。
medals:奖牌
will speak in the TED conference a few years from now.
会议在几年以后在TED研讨会议发言。
conference:会议
But it was, technically speaking -- this is an aside --
不过，它上来说，顺带一提，
it:它
was to provide them with the most culturally authentic tomato sauce, A;
就要提供他们最正宗的番茄酱，这是其一。
provide:提供
because all of science, through the 19th century and much of the 20th,
因为所有科学科学，在整个19世纪和20世纪的绝大部分里，
science:科学
their mom took them out to see a total eclipse --
他们的妈妈带他们去看一场全食，
mom:妈妈
A middle ground tread by people like poor old Charles Babbage,
像可怜的老 Charles Babbage 这样的人就行走在这灰色中间之中，
middle:中间
yeah, ha-ha, you know -- it's all microfilm. But that's --
“耶，哈哈，你看，不就是微型微薄膜吗。”但那不是关键。
microfilm:微薄膜
and sketching things on the back of napkins and on note papers
草图在纸巾背面和笔记本上，
sketching:草图
The vision of that which has already been proven or can be ascertained.
一种着眼于已经证明证明或可确定的事物。
proven:证明
Now, we've seen a lot of examples of people who are pursuing that sort of vision in science,
我们知道许多在科学科学中追寻那样的事物的人，
science:科学
has a spatial relationship to every other element at all times.
都总和其它的每个在有着一种空间关系。
at:在
But even though we're only experiencing it one piece at a time,
但即使我们现在只能片子地看，
piece:片子
is going to provide us with our most efficient escape from the world that we're in.
提供我们最高效地逃避现实世界的方式。
provide:提供
it would be scanned by virtually everyone in attendance at the conference,
基本上大会议的每一个参加者都会议读到
conference:会议
How about that? How about we create a better world for nothing?
我们何不努力让世界变更好，而不为了什么？
better:更好
She saved my life by letting me go to the bathroom
她把我保存出这种生活让我住在
saved:保存
And just as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult
就是这个把我当做女人看待
woman:女人
and the things that came at the time I walked into design
和我来了设计室的时候遇到的各种事
came:来了
and the things that came at the time I walked into design
和我行走设计室的时候遇到的各种事
walked:行走
but I just hated it, because it was designed with Helvetica,
但我非常讨厌它，就是因为它用了赫尔维蒂卡，
Helvetica:赫尔维蒂卡
and I began a career as -- in my own business.
那时，我创办了自己的职业。
career:职业
and the Public Theater's identity was just totally eaten and taken away,
然后公共剧场的象征画算是完全地被吃了，
eaten:吃
to be suspended over the East River in New York City, in full view of the United Nations.
并将其暂停在纽约市东河，同时可以看到联合国大楼全景。
suspended:暂停
LEDs are smaller, they're cheaper, they're longer lasting, they're more efficient.
发光LED小而便宜，还很耐用，以及节能。
LEDs:LED
600 million. Now imagine if you gave birth to a little baby,
6亿。想象下如果你有了个宝贝，
baby:宝贝
we just had to tag the animal and then we went home and you know, sat at our desks.
我们就只要给动物打上标签，然后回家坐在办公桌旁。
desks:办公桌
We were served a nine-course meal of Mola after we tagged.
有一条翻车鱼在服务了标记后不久，就被服务成菜招待我们。
served:服务
I hope, I hope it's going to be able to actually live its life out
我希望，希望它活在标签记录的这段时间里
live:活
And to me that -- I don't think I could say it any better than the immortal Bard himself:
对我来说，我觉得我说得永远没有那位不朽的巴德（莎士比亚）说得好：
Bard:巴德
and who help corporate sell us things we absolutely don't require,
他们帮助企业向我们出售我们根本不需要的商品，
sell:出售
And Leibniz was the first person to really talk about building such a machine.
莱布尼茨就是提出建筑计算机器的第一人。
building:建筑
were writing in their logbooks, trying to get this thing to work, with all
这些家伙喝着加糖的茶，在工作日志上日志下机器的运行状况，
logbooks:日志
"Everything up to this point is wasted time." "What's the use? Good night."
“所有问题归结到这一点，浪费时间。” “有什么浪费？晚安。”
wasted:浪费
"Picked a lightning bug off the drum." "Running at two kilocycles."
“从磁鼓上被选一只萤火虫，以两千赫的速度运行。”
Picked:被选
And I think that's really the truth. We still don't understand
我想这是真话。我们还是不了解
truth:真话
Your kids will be having milk at school, breakfast and lunch. Right?
你的孩子在学校早上，中午都有牛奶牛奶，是吗？
milk:牛奶
to these hits of sugar, salt and fat, and x, y, and z,
这些盐的糖，盐，脂肪，和x, y,z。
salt:盐
It's been so successful, they've now taken over the strip across the street.
这项它做得如此成功，他们现在正在改造街对面的那些商店．
It:它
In those early days of the Final Solution, it was handcrafted brutality;
在集中营就要解放之前，情况非常的残忍--
brutality:残忍
and, at the end of the War, arrest by the Soviets.
在战争即将结束的时候，被苏军逮捕了。
arrest:逮捕
And then in the late 1950s, in the aftermath of Brown v. Board of Education,
然后 在20世纪50年代末，布朗诉教育板案的影响下，
Board:板
"Where would you say, in this region, racism is most virulent?"
＂你说这里种族种族主义最严重的是哪块地区？＂
racism:种族主义
actually a heart surgeon in Charlotte, North Carolina, then in his late seventies --
一位北卡罗来纳州夏洛特的心脏外科外科医生，他已将近80高龄--
surgeon:外科医生
even at a time when the keepers of the Doomsday Clock
世界末日钟的监护人大概在93年前就
keepers:监护人
And she said things that really shocked me about her vagina --
她谈到她的阴道，让我吃了震惊
shocked:震惊
that it was dried-up and finished and dead -- and I was kind of shocked.
她说它干涸了，没用了，不复生机，我对此感到震惊。
shocked:震惊
they grieve it; they experience it; and then they go out and devote
献身心灵哀悼和感悟，然后走出家门
devote:献身
she started to write the stories which documented the disappeared women.
她开始有文件的那些失踪的女性。
documented:有文件的
to see that other people from the world had showed up
为了这个特殊的人
people:人
I met her three years ago in Kenya. And Agnes was mutilated as a little girl,
我三年前在肯尼亚认识了她。Agnes小时候受到过变形，
mutilated:变形
she saved 4,500 girls from being cut. So then we said to her,
她成功保存了4500名女孩。于是我们又问她，
saved:保存
and the end of mutilation, and they walked us down the path.
割礼的终止，然后她们陪着我们一起行走在路上
walked:行走
and there was this house, and it said, "V-Day Safe House for the Girls."
不远处有座房子，写着“V日女孩庇护所”
Girls:女孩
it exists in telling the truth and saying what your truth is;
它存在于说出真话和自我坦白之中，
truth:真话
it exists in telling the truth and saying what your truth is;
它存在于说出真话和自我坦白之中，
truth:真话
and we are physically getting exhausted to see all of them.
要把他们全部都看完，这真的让我们感到疲惫不堪。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
And you can see we have Sputnik, and we have Saturn,
你们可以发现，我们有人造地球史普尼克号，我们有“土星”运载火箭，
Sputnik:史普尼克号
Here's the reason, or not the reason, but here's why I ask that question.
为什么?是，或者不成其为为什么?，只是我为什么要问这个问题的为什么?。
why:为什么?
it bleeds its molten blood, rises up to heal that wound
它流着炽热的鲜血，奋起治愈岩流圈的伤口，
wound:伤口
crawled in our little submarines in the summer of 1973, 1974
直到1973年和1974年的夏天，我们一行7人爬爬行潜艇，
crawled:爬行
We expect to start hauling out the bodies in perfect condition with their DNA.
我们期待开始运出这些尸体，它们的DNA处于完好条件。
condition:条件
We're going to discover an ancient shipwreck, a Phoenician off Brazil,
我们将发现一艘古代遇难沉船，一个巴西海岸附近的腓尼基人，
shipwreck:沉船
well for one thing, I prefer to talk about things I know nothing about.
其一是我更偏好谈论一些我不知道的事情。
prefer:偏好
that women and minorities don't enter the fields of science and technology --
那就是妇女和少数民族并没有跨入科学和技术科学
science:科学
And the odds are seven to one against your finding the prince.
发现王子的几率是1比7.
finding:发现
When people I knew, you know, people who considered themselves liberal,
当我认识的人，他们考虑自己是自由主义者，
considered:考虑
I read a book called "Trickster Makes This World," by Lewis Hyde.
我读到一本“馬克的人创造了这个世界”，作者刘易斯.海德
Makes:馬克
I think this is what so, in fact, infuriated the scientists.
我想，这事实上是个愤怒科学家们的东西。
infuriated:愤怒
And the one final quality I want to say about trickster is
最后一个关于变戏法的人的质量，
quality:质量
A female child born tomorrow, on average -- median -- will live to age 83.
将来出生的女性——介质将会活到83岁
median:介质
Our life longevity is going up almost a year for every year that passes.
我们的生命长度几乎每过一年就会高一岁。
up:高
1995, we found three. The count now is up to 80 --
但1995年我们发现了3个，现在计数已达80个，
count:计数
It's becoming obvious that the chance that life does not exist elsewhere in the universe,
现在越来越显而易见的观点是，全宇宙除了地球以外不生命任何生命，并此类生命离地球很近这一观点
life:生命
Although every time I go to Pompeii, I'm amazed that they had
尽管我每次去庞培，我总是惊奇于他们在每条街拐弯处都拥有
amazed:惊奇
Secondly, we need to create huge biodiversity reserves on the planet,
其次，我们必须在地球上建造大面积的生物生物多样性保护区。
biodiversity:生物多样性
EPA and the FDA over who really had authority, and over what parts of this,
食品及药物食品药品监督管理局（FDA）就谁有权负责这事，负责此事的什么部分争吵起来，
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
EPA and the FDA over who really had authority, and over what parts of this,
食品及药物管理局（FDA）就谁有权负责这事，负责此事的什么以上争吵起来，
over:以上
EPA and the FDA over who really had authority, and over what parts of this,
食品及药物管理局（FDA）就谁有权负责这事，负责此事的什么以上争吵起来，
over:以上
North Pole goes to the South, South Pole goes to the North, and vice versa.
北极变成了南极，南极变成了北极，然后再次去。
goes:去
North Pole goes to the South, South Pole goes to the North, and vice versa.
北极变成了南极，南极变成了北极，然后再次去。
goes:去
A small asteroid, say a half mile wide, would touch off firestorms
一颗大概直径半英里的小行星，可能会引起暴风雨性大火
firestorms:暴风雨
There's also something a little farther out, called the Oort cloud.
稍远之在那儿被称作奥尔特云。
There:在那儿
This is just a matter of finding 'em, going there, and doing something about it.
这只是发现它们，到达它们，并对它们作出行动的问题。
finding:发现
will transform the way we look at our planet, our oceans,
将会变换我们看待我们的行星、我们的海洋的方式
transform:变换
And I therefore believe that optimism is what drives architecture forward.
我认为乐观是建筑的驱动器
drives:驱动器
the realm of the kind of a state that has no opinion,
一个没有看法的领土
realm:领土
So again, the notion that a building should just be explicit
那些认为建筑应该直截了当的概念
notion:概念
and they look in on the glacier from permanent, bedrock positions,
并且它们从稳定的基底岩位置观望冰川，
bedrock:基底岩
We actually drilled holes into the ice, way deep down below the thawing level,
过去的一个半月左右时间，我们其实在冰层上钻井洞，一直钻井到融化层以下
drilled:钻井
Right now, if you look at the top right part of that graph,
现在，来看一下图表的右上顶部，
top:顶部
watching the calving face as it goes through this dramatic retreat.
监视冰解面戏剧性的消退。
watching:监视
Am I sitting down in a steakhouse to a 16-ounce portion of this?
我现在正坐在一个牛排牛排屋食用一个十六盎司分量的这个（黄鳍金枪鱼）。
steakhouse:牛排屋
So try and learn as best you can what that impact is
所以最好的学习这些影响
best:最好的
every artistic depiction of four in the morning to follow it.
几乎被每一个描绘过凌晨4点的艺术作品所遵循。
depiction:描绘
We also believe that Tumor Treating Fields will work with radiation
我们也相信肿瘤治疗电场辐射和放疗协调工作
radiation:辐射
because the dictators are still the ones who control the agenda.
因为这些独裁者们才是最终决定独裁者进程的人。
dictators:独裁者
That's even worse. We're supposed to always be on the prowl.
那会更更糟。我们总是处于徘徊中。
worse:更糟
and I was feeling a tremendous amount of remorse at that time,
当时我悔恨地要死，
remorse:悔恨
but I was conflicted, because, while I was feeling remorse, I was excited,
但是我又矛盾，因为尽管我悔恨，但我还是很兴奋，
remorse:悔恨
When they catch the fish they call all the market towns along the coast
当他们捕获到鱼时，他们会给所有沿岸集镇打去呼叫
call:呼叫
whether the product they'd harvested could be sold, what price they'd fetch.
他们还得知道是否值得出售自己的丰收物，是否能卖个产品价钱。
product:产品
Today they're saving half a day's labor with a two minute phone call.
今时今日，过去大半天的劳动仅仅用两分钟的呼叫就解决了。
call:呼叫
"Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi," dubbed into Dari, was telecast on Tolo T.V.
[印地文]，配上印度手纺纱棉毯， 在Todo T.V 上广播
telecast:广播
because the watchmen were busy watching the T.V. rather than minding the store.
因为看守忙着看电视，而不是看商店。
watchmen:看守
The same is true, of course -- we don't have time for too many more examples --
同样是如此 -- 当然我们没有太多时间，举更多的时间 --
time:时间
But that too is transforming the Indian story around the world.
但是那也变换了印度在世界各地的故事。
transforming:变换
that we don't make, and we see it a lot in other animals and stuff.
而这个分子并不是我们做的，我们能在其他动物和物体上看到这样的物料。
stuff:物料
And I'm making an aptamer that will have this attached to it.
于是我制造了一种可以附着在这上面的适体。
making:制造
for up to 50 years in the life of each woman.
而且可以在每个妇女的一生中在它们身体里生命长达50年。
life:生命
and all you have to do after six hours of being
处于这种假死是
being:是
you and I would receive if we were to have a heart attack here today.
而我们大家目前在医院能够接受的，都是对照组所接受的标准护理。
receive:接受
and they give it to newborn babies who would otherwise die
他们用它治疗某些新生新生儿，这些新生儿本来
newborn:新生儿
"In the theory with which we have to deal, Absolute Ignorance is the artificer;
这个我们要探讨的理论之中，“全然无知”变成了艺术家；
artificer:艺术家
prefer the smell of the dirty diapers of their own baby.
妈妈们都更偏好闻自己孩子的脏尿布。
prefer:偏好
prefer the smell of the dirty diapers of their own baby.
妈妈们都更喜欢闻自己宝贝的脏尿布。
baby:宝贝
by switching humor on and off, by turning the knob on a joke --
通过笑话的开关，通过调整笑话——
joke:笑话
He's a computer scientist, Reginald Adams a psychologist, and there I am,
他是个计算机心理学家，雷金纳德·亚当斯（Reginald Adams）一位心理学家，然后就是我。
psychologist:心理学家
It takes more than decor, but I think we閳ユ獫e all seen that
它不只是装饰，我想你们都知道，
decor:装饰
Did anybody to a variation on a theme? Like a smiley face?
有人用同一主题去变异吗？如笑脸？
variation:变异
in one case, a new commercial building and designs for houses
如：新的商业房屋和住屋设计
houses:房屋
And building is the next of the behaviors that I thought I閳ユ獓 talk about.
?建筑?是我要谈的另一个行为。
building:建筑
They were meeting with them; they were talking to the surgeons
他们开会，他们和外科外科医生谈
surgeons:外科医生
into the real world, and having your thinking advanced as a result.
到真实世界，以便思考也跟着高级。
advanced:高级
And to certain extent it is, but I want to stress a couple of points.
某个范围上是的，但我要强调几点。
extent:范围
well, maybe it will be interesting, while listening to their sounds,
或许这会非常有趣，当听到它们发声同时，
while:同时
He wiggles it in place, tugs it with his nose, and smash.
他扭动这只蜗牛，用他的鼻子拖拉机它，再重击它。
tugs:拖拉机
So we got this incredible video system. It's very new technology --
因此，我们获得了这套不可思议的视频系统，它真是一项新它！
It:它
So, you might be wondering, well, how do they do it?
你可能会想思索，他们是怎么做到的。
wondering:思索
The saddle-shaped structure is also known as a "hyperbolic paraboloid surface,"
这一鞍形结构也是有形为一种双曲抛物面而被很多人熟知的。
shaped:有形
And actually, just last week I got a 300-pound load cell
事实上，刚刚在上周，我得到了一个量程是300磅的测压我。
I:我
Now, things -- I'm making this sound very easy, this is actually a lot of work.
现在，对于一些东西——我将非常容易的制造这个声音，这确实是要做一大堆的工作。
making:制造
on the surface of the load cell, as the limb comes flying through.
在测压如表面，这个肢体开始飞出。
as:如
full credit to the BBC cameraman, Tim Green, for setting this shot up,
我要向BBC的摄摄影师Tim Green致谢，为这些精彩的镜头，
cameraman:摄影师
and kind of flow up or sink down -- she just rolls.
来控制上浮或下沉，她就是滚筒。
rolls:滚筒
I put reverse thrust and I try and pull gently down.
我翻转拉，想慢慢地往下。
pull:拉
This period in 1854, in the middle part of the 19th century,
1854年这个世纪，19世纪的中期，
century:世纪
this scale of living that we, you know, now call "metropolitan living."
这种生活尺度，你知道，我们现在称之为都市生活。
scale:尺度
how a good idea eventually comes to win out over much worse ideas.
一个好的想法是如何最终胜利那些不好的想法的。
win:胜利
and this is the little movie he put together about that.
这就是他电影的关于那次飓风的一部短小的影片。
movie:电影
How did it get into the form that it had before it got reshaped, and so forth?
他们被重新塑造重新变形之前是怎么成型的？等等
reshaped:重新变形
What was the whole process in the creation and the evolution of the universe
创世的进化是什么样的？宇宙的进化中
evolution:进化
And then you see this sort of model area around the outside,
然后你们能看到这个边上的外面
outside:外面
from these tiny variations to these irregular galaxies and first stars
就是从那些小小的变量到一些无规则的星系还有第一批恒星
variations:变量
And what we saw was, we saw these variations, and then they told us
我们看到的是这些变量，这些变量告诉了我们
variations:变量
and the galaxies and the stars just like the foam on the ocean.
星系和恒星就像是大海上的泡沫
foam:泡沫
Remember, every spot on here is a galaxy, and you see the galaxies,
记着，每个斑点都是一个星系，你们看到星系
spot:斑点
And every time there's a galaxy -- at its location there's a galaxy --
每当遇到一个星系 - 在它在在那儿上有一个星系
there:在那儿
And every time there's a galaxy -- at its location there's a galaxy --
每当遇到一个星系 - 在它在在那儿上有一个星系
there:在那儿
And you'll see there are all these filaments and structures and voids.
你们就会看到这些遍布的纤维的的东西，还有这些特殊的结构和空洞
filaments:纤维
And when a number of filaments come together in a knot,
当很多的纤维物质聚到一起成为一个结的时候
filaments:纤维
but this is using simple rendering and graphic arts kind of stuff.
但是我们用这个简单的图形渲染技术
graphic:图形
by starting with essentially less than an eyedrop full of material,
我们只用大概一滴水那么多的材料
material:材料
that are starting to move, to modify, and are giving us a hint about how
能给我们一些关于时空移动，修改
modify:修改
is you actually want to have the patient on the bed with the wound,
是希望在病人伤口躺上病床上时，
wound:伤口
This is Dr. Kang who's been working with us on this project,
这是康医生，他和我们一起为这个项目项目
project:项目
JE: When you got this call out of the blue --
胡克：当你突然间接到我们的呼叫——
call:呼叫
If you won them all, you were considered to be reasonably successful --
如果你打赢了所有比赛，你就会被考虑是比较成功的。
considered:考虑
trying to be the best you can be -- that's under your control.
永远不要停止尽你所能以达到最佳的最好的——这是你自己能控制的。
best:最好的
to do the best of which you're capable, to try and improve the situation
去做能力所及的最佳，最好的去改善你所在的
best:最好的
Reminds me of another set of threes that my dad tried to get across to us.
这也让我想起我爸爸试图传达给我们的另外三个原则：
dad:爸爸
What's even more amazing is it will print out a purchase label on the spot,
更让人令人惊奇的是，网站可以当场生成并打印出证明购买的标签，
amazing:令人惊奇
and a very redefinition of what friend and neighbor really means.
重新重新定义朋友和邻居到底意味着什么。
redefinition:重新定义
They are what I consider to be the cities of tomorrow,
我考虑它们代表了城市的未来
consider:考虑
Hilary served the ugali with a fry of meat and tomatoes;
Hilary服务着炸薯条和炸肉,
served:服务
Once atop the pile, one of the boys lowered his shorts,
一个在顶山,另外一个男孩脱下他的短裤,
shorts:短裤
This is in Rio de Janeiro, and it's getting a bit better, right?
这里是里约热内卢,这个看起来更好一点了,对吧?
better:更好
and a more honest and giving and caring man I don't know.
一个我不怎么了解的坦率和及有关心的男士.
caring:关心
The issue is for us to recognize that these are neighborhoods --
问题是我们要认清这是一个社区.
recognize:认清
We have to flee our women and children, we have to run."
我们得让我们的妇女和儿童们逃走，我们必须得逃跑。”
flee:逃跑
then it became, the dominant force, as it cooled, became matter;
然后主导力量冷却，随着能量冷却，它变成物质。
cooled:冷却
and we can see that happening; just as there's diversity in life,
我们会看到这种变化。正如在生活中生命的多样性，
life:生命
that sometimes it wants to do what it wants to do,
有时它就想做它想做的事情。
it:它
that sometimes it wants to do what it wants to do,
有时它就想做它想做的事情。
it:它
and we can be part of it by aligning the technology
而且我们可以协调一致发明它和应用它
it:它
and we can be part of it by aligning the technology
而且我们可以协调一致发明技术和技术它
technology:技术
While you're reading the sign, we pull a rope behind the counter
就在你细读这些口号的期间，我们就在背后拉一下绳子
While:期间
That was just my one thing -- I said we had to have something that drops on people's heads.
那纯粹是我有的“发明”，因为我说，总得要有东西摔到人们的头上啊，
have:有
She's going to sponsor the printing of this book in paperback form.
她还会资助你们书
book:书
but it was paying the rent, paying a full-time staff member there.
我们拿那些钱交租 也支付这里的一位全职员工发工资
paying:支付
but it was paying the rent, paying a full-time staff member there.
我们拿那些钱交租 也支付这里的一位全职员工发工资
paying:支付
It wasn't a non-profit buried, you know, on the 30th floor
而不是像一些公益组织那样 埋葬在市中心30层高的大楼深处
buried:埋葬
This is a little vault -- you have to put your product in there,
还有这里 你把产品交给店员
product:产品
which you do, if you want to buy anything. And it limits, really, their sales.
凡是要买东西的 都必须宣誓 这个也多少影响了他们的销售
sales:销售
I had my own personal responses, but I also have a public role,
虽然我有自己的有感受，但我还有一个公共角色，
have:有
do not want intellectual theories about how God let this happen.
并不需要一个理论来理论上帝为何让这种事情发生。
theories:理论
Some have concluded that we can only believe in a God who shares our pain.
有认为，我们只能相信上帝是能分担我们痛苦的。
have:有
And the floods came up / And the house on the sand went crash."
风吹水涌起波浪，房倒房子遭祸殃。”
house:房子
Afterwards someone said that God must have been looking after them.
后来有说，一定是上帝在保佑他们。
have:有
the supreme commander toying with expendable units in a great campaign.
在一场大战中，最高指挥官玩耍可被牺牲掉的部队。
toying:玩耍
so that natural processes could occur, and evolution run its course.
因此进化可以自然地发生，按进化论而展开。
evolution:进化
would be more like trusting an essential benevolence in the universe,
应该更象是信任宇宙中的原善，
trusting:信任
when I gently put aside my passing emotions and ideas and preoccupations.
在我轻轻放下暂时的情绪、忧虑和成见之后依然存在的这个本我中，
preoccupations:忧虑
Think of how the world can be a much better place
想想看，这个世界会变得更更好
better:更好
There's a sort of business model around being stupid in some sense.
这分类商业模式，探讨的是关于在某种意义下成为白痴的事情
sort:分类
Is it good? Is it bad? Is complexity better? I'm not sure.
简洁更好吗？简洁坏吗？还是复杂更更好一些？我不确定。
better:更好
Oh, you guys are missing out, if you haven't done it yet.
哦，如果你们没做过，那你真出去。
out:出去
So, I was in the Cape one time, and I typed the word "simplicity,"
所以，我在科德角，我打字了，”简洁“这个词，
typed:打字
of taking as much carbon out of the ground as quickly as possible,
从地表中尽快提取越来越多的碳如，
as:如
of taking as much carbon out of the ground as quickly as possible,
从地表中尽快提取越来越多的碳碳，
carbon:碳
of taking as much carbon out of the ground as quickly as possible,
从地表中尽快提取越来越多的碳如，
as:如
of taking as much carbon out of the ground as quickly as possible,
从地表中尽快提取越来越多的碳如，
as:如
of challenges to confront, global warming is still listed at near the bottom.
要底部的挑战时，全球变暖仍然是在接近清单的最低端。
bottom:底部
I have a stake in these, so I'll have a disclaimer there.
我在这些投资中有赌注，所以在此要发表一下免责声明。
stake:赌注
There was data within the streams of news that we consume.
是关于当前所播新闻的数据新闻
news:新闻
We extracted the key bits on information to build the database.
我们提取数据库中的关键数据构建数据库
database:数据库
We see it start. And we see it grow up to the stable state
看开始时候的情况。它一直慢慢高到稳定到2.5左右
up:高
But according to a really great science historian you might know,
但依据一位伟大科学史历史学家的说法，
historian:历史学家
And designers would like, oh, I don't know how to do an equation,
而设计师则说：我不会做数学如，
like:如
and what we can do about it today with new technologies.
运用新它我们能为它做什么。
it:它
And you're going to provide all the nutrition that they could possibly want
而且，我们还会提供提供它们需要的几乎所有的养分
provide:提供
And he rushed home. And after the Sabbath, he made 12 loaves of bread,
于是他飞奔匆忙。安息日过后，他做了12条面包
rushed:匆忙
And God," he said to the poor man, "is answering your plea
拉比又对穷人回答：“上帝确实回应了你的请求
answering:回答
the touch even of a sleeve, of a garment, as she put it on --
即使是她自己穿衣服时触碰到手袖、衣服
garment:衣服
am not lying awake at night worrying about this at all.
反正我可不会为了它而醒来睡不着
awake:醒来
slammed a piece of itself into the nucleus of a comet.
探测器的片子嵌入了一颗彗星的内核
piece:片子
You know, Sunday morning, you flick the paper, get your cappuccino.
星期日早晨，你翻开报纸，品着卡普奇诺，
cappuccino:卡普奇诺
You see banks -- I don't know if there are any bankers over here;
你想想银行——不知道看的有没有银行家，
see:看
But it wasn't simply for office or power or celebrity or fame --
但并不仅仅为了获取权力、地位或名声
fame:名声
so that he could make the world a little better place for his having lived in it.
使周围的世界更加更好
better:更好
So fueled by that ambition, he returned to the state legislature.
他的壮志让他重燃激情，他返回了州议会
returned:返回
But before I finished, the chief of the barbarians stood up and said,
但是在我将要完成之前，村民的首领站起来说：
finished:完成
But before I finished, the chief of the barbarians stood up and said,
但是在我将要结束之前，村民的酋长站起来说：
chief:酋长
Eventually accompanied him to his ranch to help him on those memoirs,
最后我们一起去了他的牧场写回忆录
ranch:牧场
he owned a spacious ranch in the countryside, a penthouse in the city,
他在乡村拥有一块广阔的牧场，在城市还有一栋阁楼，
ranch:牧场
that a good story, for him, was better than a drop of whiskey.
说对他来说一则更好故事胜过一瓶威士忌酒。
better:更好
watching the players of my youth on the grassy fields below:
监视我年轻时的队员们在下面的绿茵场上比赛，
watching:监视
Doesn't matter if we turn the whole of space around by some angle,
无论我们把角度旋转怎样一个角度，
angle:角度
that each skin of the onion shows a similarity to the adjoining skins.
正如洋葱皮之间存在着邻近的一样，
adjoining:邻近的
That will account for why beauty is a successful criterion for selecting the right theory.
那也将理论为什么美是选择正确理论的成功准则。
theory:理论
to know that they follow from more fundamental things, plus accidents.
了解到它们遵循基本定律和一些意外基本
fundamental:基本
about the story, the biography -- or rather the biographies --
一件特殊的文物身上的传记，它的传记
biography:传记
about the story, the biography -- or rather the biographies --
一件特殊的文物身上的传记，它的传记
biographies:传记
How do you create a day voted by every single head of state in the world
你如何创造一个由世界各国首脑投票投票的一天？
voted:投票
And that's why we wanted it to be the 21st of September as the date of peace.
这就是为什么我们想把9月21日期做为这一天。
date:日期
There were 114 people there -- they were mostly my friends and family.
只有114朋友出现，他们大部分都是我的朋友和家人。
friends:朋友
But it didn't matter because we were documenting, and that was the thing.
但是这没有关系，因为我们在文件，这才是关键。
documenting:文件
And then we were listening to the people. We were documenting everywhere.
我们一直在听那些人讲各种各样的故事。我们到处文件。
documenting:文件
They can unite. They can come together. If people would stop, lives will be saved."
他们可以团结起来，聚在一起。如果人们肯停下战争，就会保存很多生命。“
saved:保存
While I was filming these statements, he said to me, "Where are you going next?"
当我在录这些宣传视频期间，他对我说，“你下一步要去哪？”
While:期间
It was a really incredible thing that when we landed there,
当我们登陆那里的时候，的确很有趣，
landed:登陆
who said to me a few days ago -- because I did a little rehearsal --
几天之前他跟我说了一些东西——因为我做了一点试演——
rehearsal:试演
which is that the leaders -- the managers of Ghana's economy --
那些领导，加纳经济的经理，
managers:经理
Now, while I was at Microsoft, the annual revenues of that company
当我在微软的同时，公司的年收入
while:同时
that every student at Ashesi University does community service before they graduate.
在阿社思大学的每个毕业毕业前都要做社区服务。
graduate:毕业
I am even more thrilled by the fact that least year
去年，有一件最小让我更加有感触：
least:最小
so you couldn't see where the skin ended and the near environment started.
在这种环境下，你无法知道皮肤与外界环境的具体分界线在哪里
environment:环境
you take a sip of this water, and -- voila! -- it is gone.
叹息一口这湖里的水，哇塞！不疼了。
sip:叹息
they've got to try and figure it out, but most of the time, that's the end of the road.
他们得自己试着修理，但大多时候，出去就意味着没戏了
out:出去
based on the percentage of oxygen they see that they're giving their patient.
氧气百分比来调节气流
percentage:百分比
So as some of you may or may not have heard,
大家可能有听说过
have:有
and I gave people the opportunity to buy the naming rights
我让人们有机会买
buy:买
that at the time didn't have a title, didn't really have a lot of content
那时候，这场演讲还没有确定头衔，也没有多少内容
title:头衔
but we're going to make sure we sell out every category we can in the film.
还要在影片中将该品牌的每一系列产品都出售出去
sell:出售
but we're going to make sure we sell out every category we can in the film.
还要在影片中将该品牌的每一系列电影都推销出去
film:电影
And I was blown away, because I thought the whole concept, the idea of advertising,
我大吃一惊，我以为，打广告的全与实质
whole:全
and I have friends who make little independent films like I make.
我还认识像我一样电影小成本独立电影的朋友
films:电影
If somebody asked you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality,
如果有人让你描述自己的品牌定位，你的品牌身份
identity:身份
and shipping food all over the place was a ridiculous notion.
同时往其他地方运输食品是一个很异想天开的概念。
notion:概念
several states passed laws declaring that it had to be dyed pink,
几个宣布通过法律命令人造黄油要染成粉红色
declaring:宣布
to the challenge of finding a good tomato, even in summer.
即使在夏天也很难发现一个很好的西红柿。
finding:发现
when its feed has nothing to do with its natural diet,
当饲料并不是自然的饲料，
feed:饲料
So that would be, roughly, 324 people have died since I've begun speaking.
那么，从我开始讲话到现在，有大概324有已经去世了。
have:有
not very much -- so that's equivalent to 60 million lives saved,
并不是很多——那就相当于保存了六千万的生命，
saved:保存
which is -- I mean, it's a heck of a lot better than that.
我的意思是，这将比原来的境况要更好一百倍，
better:更好
All of these would enable, in principle -- be amenable to enhancement.
所有的这些，从原则上说，都可以以某些方式提高。
enhancement:提高
A possible mode of being here would be a way of life --
一种可能生命的模式，是一种生活的方式
life:生命
What he did was to get wild birds to make his art for him.
他做的就是让野生鸟类为他艺术。
art:艺术
So that's four simple laws. That's all you need in origami.
这就是四则简单的规则。在折纸折叠中这就是全部。
origami:折叠
I mean, a stag beetle -- it's got two points for jaws,
我是说一只鹿角蜜蜂有两个点状的嘴，
beetle:蜜蜂
Take a square. Fold it in half, fold it in half, fold it again,
拿一张四角形的纸，把它对折再对折，
square:四角形
And if folding a single praying mantis from a single uncut square
如果用一张没剪过的四角形纸叠一只螳螂
square:四角形
Actually, lots of people in origami now put toes into their models.
实际上，在折纸折叠中有很多人把指头加入到他们的模型中。
origami:折叠
It's an artist's rendition, but it flew in a Japanese telescope
这是一个艺术家的转运，但它在1995应用到了
rendition:转运
It holds open a blocked artery when it gets to its destination,
它在到达目的地时会打开被封锁的动脉血管。
blocked:封锁
but it needs to be much smaller for the trip there,
但在旅行中它需要变得很小才能通过
trip:旅行
And the man who talked at that evening lecture was very interesting.
那晚上的讲课非常有趣
lecture:讲课
doing things for which many of them didn't expect either fame or fortune,
他们做的很多事情都不能带来名声和财富
fame:名声
because he doesn't have enough attention, like none of us do,
他没有那么多精力 事实上我们有人都不可能做得到
have:有
And he says that his hand seems to be moving by itself.
他自己也说 他的手似乎似乎不由自主的活动
seems:似乎
some of the leading writers and poets in the United States.
他采访了美国最杰出的诗人、诗人
poets:诗人
Your skills are not quite as high as they should be,
尽管你的技能熟悉高不是很高
high:高
These are headlines about what's been going on with women in the next few years.
这些头条是关于接下来的几年内女性们将发生什么样的变化。
headlines:头条
That particular headline comes to me from a market research firm.
这个标题来源于一个市场研究公司。
research:研究
who was going to buy houses in that neighborhood in the future.
谁将买那样一个街区的房子。
buy:买
but that mostly he would be at home taking care of the kiddies.
但是大部分他们将在家里照看孩子们。
kiddies:孩子们
[When] they get up to 90-percent child survival, then families decrease,
他们有大概90%的存活率，然后家庭减少了。
decrease:减少
is to seal itself off from the rest of the body.
是将这休息与身体其它休息隔离开
rest:休息
and we basically -- scaffold can be like a piece of paper here.
基本上我们--这里基底纸张可以像一张纸
paper:纸张
and you can now see here, the valve leaflets opening and closing.
你看，这些手册小叶正一开一合。
leaflets:手册
And as a general term, we can use the term intersex for this.
总的来说，这个症状可以被叫做性交
intersex:性交
she actually has testes inside, and she has a Y chromosome.
实际上，在她染色体内有睾丸，并且她携带着Y染色体
chromosome:染色体
a few years ago I got a call from a man who was 19 years old,
几年前，我接到一个十九岁的男孩打来的呼叫
call:呼叫
In the past, our ancestors never had to struggle so much
过去，人死的过去
past:过去
but it was also science growing up at the same time.
但同时它也在发展
it:它
He can't focus, but he loves walking around and getting people energized."
虽然他注意力不集中注意力，但他喜欢到处走动，激励身边的人.”
focus:集中注意力
I have 18 out of the 19 signs of attention deficit disorder diagnosed.
19种注意力赤字的征兆，我被诊断出18种
deficit:赤字
I'm also quoted -- and I told the person who wrote the textbook --
我也被写进了教科课本里——我告诉了写课本的人我作弊的事情
textbook:课本
And I would go biking up to the end of the beach
我会骑自行车自行车抵达海滩的一头
biking:骑自行车
but at 10, my dad said, "That's going to be your next business."
但爸爸对10岁的我说，“这会将是你的下一个生意机会”
dad:爸爸
and then he wanted me to hire someone to deliver half the papers,
然后他让我雇佣递送其中一半的报纸
hire:雇佣
But because I had to cut lawns all summer for all of our neighbors and get paid to do that,
但因为我整个夏天要支付的我们所有的邻居除草并挣点钱
paid:支付的
even if it's just stand up in front of their friends
哪怕前面的是他们自己的朋友
front:前面
to be ranked right up there with the rest of them as well?
摆放到和其他的理想同样的在那儿上去
there:在那儿
[They have a clear vision of how life can be better]
（他们清楚地知道生活如何在未来会变得更更好）
better:更好
And I'm at a stage in life where I'm yearning for my old days,
我站在我渴望已久的天舞台上
days:天
as a kind of language to communicate something to an audience.
好比一种与听众语言的语言。
language:语言
In the good old days when this Republican ran that company,
在美好的老，共和党人曾经经营这个公司，
old:老
78 percent of the votes, and to give you an idea of the landslide,
78%高票当选，描述一下这场压倒性的滑坡就是，
landslide:滑坡
you know, I'd been seeing my mother draw nudes and I'd copy her --
其实，你知道的，我只是模仿我妈妈坚果那些——
nudes:坚果
And for me it was, I had to dance while I painted.
所以我作画的同时不得不跳起舞来。
while:同时
When you pick your aunt up at the airport, you get a sedan.
若你要去机车接你阿姨，你选择西丹
sedan:西丹
The day after, I came back and they were already scratched.
第三天我来了时，它们已经被刮掉了。
came:来了
I wouldn't even move. I would leave demoralized, staring at my feet.
但却丝毫不前进。我凝视双脚，感觉很沮丧。
staring:凝视
is to rotate his hips so he can get to the opposite side.
是为了旋转他的臀部，好让他旋转另一侧。
rotate:旋转
And a teacher came up to me and handed me a piece of paper.
一位老师来了过来，递给我一张纸。
came:来了
Ended up doing translation work at age 16 when I returned to the U.S.,
我返回美国后，从16岁就开始从事翻译工作，
returned:返回
walked up -- 10 women two guys, usually a good ratio.
行走一看，10位女士2位男士，本当是个不错的比例。
walked:行走
walked up -- 10 women two guys, usually a good ratio.
进去一看，10位女士2位男人们，本当是个不错的比例。
guys:男人们
She came back. She goes, "Come on. I don't have all day."
她来了回来，说：“来吧，别浪费时间。”
came:来了
I found this very interesting. So I decided to focus on three of those commonalities.
我觉得这很有趣。于是我决定集中注意力于其中三个共性。
focus:集中注意力
a nonprofit organization. And our goal, the core aim of the Wikimedia Foundation,
一个非盈利性质的非营利性。我们的目标，维基媒体基金会的核心目标，
nonprofit:非营利性
a nonprofit organization. And our goal, the core aim of the Wikimedia Foundation,
一个非盈利性质的组织。我们的目的，维基媒体基金会的核心目的，
aim:目的
And then users can set up their own personal watch list.
然后用户能设定他们自己的用户关注列表。
users:用户
meaning we try not to vote on the content of articles,
意味着我们尝试不对文章的含义进行投票，
meaning:含义
they still have to follow all the rules -- but they're elected;
他们仍然需要遵守所有的规则 -- 但是他们是被当选来的，
elected:当选
I always laugh at this, because I have no idea how they're elected, actually.
我往往嘲笑它，因为实际上我并不知道他们是怎样当选来的。
elected:当选
Romantic love is one of the most powerful sensations on Earth.
爱情是世上最有力的爱。
love:爱
You can know every single ingredient in a piece of chocolate cake,
就如同在了解一块巧克力蛋糕中的所有成分后，
ingredient:成分
looking in baby carriages and feeling a little sorry for the tot.
常看着婴儿车里的宝贝，并感到一丝同情。
baby:宝贝
we have all this, but what are we going to do with it?
我们都能接触到这些它，但我们该怎样应对它们？
it:它
But it looks like -- I'm guessing -- that it'll be about 60 percent of the room
但是我猜想，举手的人大概占60%
guessing:猜想
find out if they really are these vicious animals, or if they're misunderstood.
误解它们究竟是真的那么邪恶，还是被人误解了
misunderstood:误解
and I rolled over the side of the Zodiac into the water.
从橡皮艇上滚动水中
rolled:滚动
which one of these two guys was more likely to have voted for George Bush,
这两个男人们谁比较有可能把票投给小布什
guys:男人们
And if you want to change other people, a much better way to do it
如果你想要改变他人﹐一个比较更好的方法是
better:更好
That'll speed them up. Everything will work out better that way.
那将将此加速。任何事情在此情况下变得更好
better:更好
It happened while I was working as a research fellow at the U.S. Naval Academy.
者发生在我在海军军官学校作为一名研究者工作的同时
while:同时
And he says, "If you get back into your car, I'm going to tase you."
他说，“如果你要获得你的车，那么我就要tase(用高压眩晕枪射击）你”
get:获得
But my personal favorite of these ones, I have to confess,
但是我有最喜欢的，我得坦白，
have:有
How many people here would say you're a maker, if you raise your hand?
在座的有多少人认为自己是制造者，请举一下手
maker:制造者
but there's some of you out there that won't admit that you're makers.
但在座的各位有人不愿意在外面承认你自己是制造者。
makers:制造者
it was fairly commonplace to think of yourself as a maker.
自认为是制造者是很常见的。
maker:制造者
depending on the complexion of the star he was going to make up.
根据他要组织的星星的组合他绘出了不同的复杂。
complexion:复杂
as part of his style is he gives you a kind of realism in his comic art.
实际上艺术这种真实感这也是他的艺术风格的一部分。
art:艺术
The sense of, you know, life could be better, I could join this --
那种，你知道，生活可以更更好的感觉，我可以成为其中的一份子--
better:更好
And it's not just a matter of glamorizing cleaning your floor.
而且也不仅仅物质于“祛除”是不是一个具有魅力的工作。
matter:物质
And there's a quote from one of these women, and she talks about,
引用其中一位女士谈话，
talks:谈话
starting with a bioethical review before we did the first experiments.
在我们做最初的试验前，先进行了一次生物伦理学的审查。
review:审查
I am absolutely certain that life can exist in outer space,
我完全确信外层空间生命着生命，
life:生命
with all the bonobos that are left in the world --
给在世界上仅存的倭野牛们提供一个小小的栖息地--
bonobos:野牛
But I want to give the last word back to the novelists,
我想在最后最后前引用前面提到的小说家
last:最后
It was to be conquered and mastered like the Earth herself.
我的身体就像地球一样，可以被征服被征服。
conquered:征服
or able to fit into the predetermined corporate image in shape.
身材上也无法迎合目前预定的社会标准形态。
predetermined:预定
tells us that faster is always better, and that busier is best.
这种高速度文化告诉我们越快越更好，而且越忙越更好。
better:更好
during the work day or on the weekend, so that they have time to recharge
这些在工作日或周末的休息让他们有时间去重新充电
recharge:重新充电
they don't know how to dream. And so what these Ivy League schools,
他们不知道如何梦。因此，这些常春藤高校
dream:梦
I can actually hear it now, because I see my time is ticking off.
我现在能听到这种时间催促的拍拍，因为我看到演讲时间分分秒秒过去。
ticking:拍拍
where you schedule 10 minutes for them to open up to you.
你日程表10分钟让他们对你打开心怀。
schedule:日程表
"Let's cut the channel and make an island and make an island building."
切断河道，形成一个岛，最终建筑一个岛上的建筑。
building:建筑
and a toroid with its center in the sky for the island building.
通过环形建筑到达岛上建筑的上面。
building:建筑
and I was given all the artifacts of clothing and drawings.
我有所有的衣服和图片的图画。
drawings:图画
And they shelved the project. And it sat there for 10 years,
所以他们否决了这个设计，被搁置了10年。
shelved:被搁置
And as you come from the north, it is all masonry growing out of the sand cliffs
从北边看都是沙石上的它，
it:它
And I came back and, lo and behold, the little model I'd left behind
我回来了，看我以前的小小模型
behold:看
I'd like to conclude with a project I've been working on for two months.
最后我结束讲讲我现在工作了两个月的工程。
conclude:结束
I'd like to conclude with a project I've been working on for two months.
最后我想讲讲我现在项目了两个月的工程。
project:项目
I'd like to conclude by relating all of what I've said to the term "beauty."
我结束通过谈论“美丽”这个话题来结束。
conclude:结束
I'd like to conclude by relating all of what I've said to the term "beauty."
我有关通过谈论“美丽”这个话题来结束。
relating:有关
And I know it is not a fashionable term these days,
我知道这个期限在现在并不流行，
term:期限
Twenty years ago, in a conference Richard and I were at together,
20年前，在Richard和我一同参加的一个会议，
conference:会议
Here are some of the stories they wanted us to share with you.
这些是他们与我们分享的故事。
stories:故事
They feed on other little things. They feed on mosquito larvae.
它们捕食其它小幼虫，包括蚊子的幼虫
larvae:幼虫
And that sort of gives the impression you've got one air mass
那可能给你一个印象，就是有一个空气
air:空气
I know that because I have friends who work on fisheries' research vessels
我知道是那回事，因为我有朋友在渔场的考察船渔业，
fisheries:渔业
is there a utopian tendency to Second Life and things like it,
或者“第二人生”是否有乌托邦如或类似的倾向，
like:如
- which is really a small amount of time, even in Second Life time --
即使是“第二人生”时间，这也确实是很短的一段甚至
even:甚至
so the innate concept of becoming pregnant and having a baby, of course --
因此原来固有的怀孕和抚养宝贝的概念
baby:宝贝
Second Life is, at the platform level, at the level of the company -- at Linden Lab --
“第二人生”，处于一个平台平台和一个公司平台——即“林登实验室”
platform:平台
So of course, we never would have put a mechanism for having babies or, you know,
那么当然，我们从来不会加入抚养婴儿或让两个“阿凡达”
babies:婴儿
it's more like the Wild West than it is like Rome, from a cultural standpoint.
从文明的观点来看，它更像是西部故事，而不是罗马
standpoint:观点
that we may come to prefer our digital selves to our real ones --
就是相对于真实的自我，我们会更偏好电脑中的自我
prefer:偏好
Can we have this kind of well-being while being sad? In a way, why not?
难道真的可以在悲伤的同时也能获得美满吗？但一切皆有可能！
while:同时
So how do we proceed in our quest for happiness? Very often, we look outside.
人们是如何探险幸福的呢？通常都是借助外在的东西。
quest:探险
and, like a chain reaction, the more we feel miserable, we feel tormented.
就越感到迷茫和受苦，这是种连锁反应。
tormented:受苦
So is that possible, to change our way of being, to transform one's mind?
那么人的行为方式和心态能够变换吗？
transform:变换
then, if it was always there -- like a dye that would permeate the whole cloth --
本性是固有的--就像染料能把布染上染料--
dye:染料
It looks very menacing, like a billowing monsoon cloud or thunderstorm.
它看起来很有威胁性，就好像阵阵的雨季云或雷电交加的雷暴。
thunderstorm:雷暴
some area that controls the movements of fingers in the brain change a lot,
脑部控制手指运动的那个区域就会产生很大运动，
movements:运动
If you sit a guy on a chair with all this kind of apparatus measuring your physiology,
让被测试者坐在椅子上，用这类设备测试生理反应，
apparatus:设备
which, again, is the ultimate thing that determines the quality of our experience.
这个要素也最终决定着我们的人生最后的。
ultimate:最后的
This lady with bone TB, left alone in a tent, is going to die with her only daughter.
这个孤独呆在帐篷里的女士患肺结核，将要死去，她只有一个女儿。
lady:女士
You walk down the street in any big city, you travel like that,
当你做这样的散步，当你在任何大城市的大街上漫步，
walk:散步
and you are amazed at the diversity in the human species.
你会被人类的多样性所惊奇。
amazed:惊奇
seems to have been answered by Darwin over a century ago.
看起来已经似乎达尔文在一百年前就回答了。
seems:似乎
we don't know the genetic causes underlying this morphological variation --
因为我们并不完全理解基因变异怎么导致了形态的变异。
variation:变异
you're going to make a little typo, a spelling mistake --
还是会打字 — 抄错字母。
typo:打字
It doesn't happen very often. We have a proofreading mechanism built in.
不常发生，因为我们有校正和纠错的系统，
proofreading:校正
So those of you who are going on one of the post-conference tours,
你们有谁在会议后作旅行的，
conference:会议
of how we populated the world, the great Paleolithic wanderings of our species.
一个人类如何迁移到整个世界的游行，旧石器时代的奇迹。
wanderings:游行
in my book, "The Journey of Man," and a film that we made with the same title.
书的书中讲的故事。“人类的旅程”，以及我们制作的同名电影中讲的故事。
book:书
in my book, "The Journey of Man," and a film that we made with the same title.
发表的书中讲的故事。“人类的旅程”，以及我们电影的同名电影中讲的故事。
film:电影
The most amazing thing has been the interest on the part of the public;
最令人令人惊奇的公众的兴趣。
amazing:令人惊奇
the majority of which, at least half, is going back into the Legacy Fund.
绝大部分的基金，回流注入了这个保留基金。
Fund:基金
Projects around the world -- documenting oral poetry in Sierra Leone,
用于全球范围的文化项目，比如在塞拉利昂文件保存口头流传的诗歌，
documenting:文件
How many of you feel you have a solid plan for the future
当谈到退休后的决定的未来
future:未来
20 percent of the trees produce 80 percent of the crop,
20％的树农作物了80％的产量，
crop:农作物
Suffice it to say for now that I prefer my Wikipedia
一言以蔽之，目前我更偏好我的维基百科
prefer:偏好
everywhere there is something filming you, maybe putting it online --
在各个地方你可能会被拍摄，可能拍摄的照片被放到网上
filming:拍摄
where citizens are not yet empowered, the same thing goes --
这些国家的人民缺乏自主权，事情也是如此。
thing:事情
And I walked 10 miles or so, all morning, to get there, to the medicine man.
我花了一上午的时间，行走了大约10英里，才来到了卖药人的家。
walked:行走
So while I was sitting in a tall building in New York,
所以，当我坐在纽约一幢高楼里的同时，
while:同时
But most of the world in the middle are pushing forwards very fast.
但大多中间阶层中间都进步的很快。
middle:中间
And I consider India and China the best partners in the world
我考虑中国和印度应是在
consider:考虑
The rest of the pie is a very mysterious substance called dark energy.
这个派的其它休息是一种十分神秘的物质，叫做暗能量。
rest:休息
appears to be embedded in a cloud of this invisible dark matter.
似乎出现内嵌在一团我们看不到的暗物质中。
appears:出现
A ray of light leaves the galaxy and travels through the universe
一束射线离开星系并穿过宇宙
ray:射线
Well, we deduce it by the direction that the ray is traveling
嗯，我们猜测它的位置根据射线传播
ray:射线
Now, if we consider a different ray of light, one going off like this,
现在，如果我们考虑另外一束像这样离开的射线，
ray:射线
So this light ray will not continue in a straight line,
所以这束射线不会沿直线行进，
ray:射线
Are there any other rays of light that could make it into the eye?
还有其它射线可以进入我们的眼睛嘛？
rays:射线
Yes! The rays would lie on a -- I'd like to see -- yeah, on a cone.
是的，射线可以排列在一个---我希望看到---对了，一个圆锥形
rays:射线
In an interesting photo, their father, while we were talking to him,
这个照片比较有意思。当我们跟他们爸爸聊天的同时
while:同时
And that will stop reusing a syringe 20 or 30 times.
同时呢，如果重用这种注射器，那种一个注射器重用二三十次的事情就再也不会发生了。
reusing:重用
I have this neighbor that keeps me in touch with this,
我曾经有个邻居，他让我常触摸这些
touch:触摸
or to waterproof, or to try to heat and cool a structure.
也不是制作防水材料或加热冷却防水的第一物种
waterproof:防水
It has no bacteria on its surface, no fouling on its surface, no barnacles.
它表面没有细菌、污垢，身上也没有附着 barnacles
barnacles:barnacles
to minimize the amount of material, the kind of material we use,
最小化材料用量，最小化我们使用材料量
minimize:最小化
and use behavior change to encourage people and decrease the epidemic.
用行为减少来引导人们并减少疫情。
decrease:减少
And so I think that we really feel like then people should have less sex.
所以我们会感觉到，人们真的需要减少性行为。
feel:感觉
Over a period from '84 to '88, that share drops from about 85 percent to 55 percent.
数据表明从84到88年，百分比从百分之85下降到百分之55
percent:百分比
Over a period from '84 to '88, that share drops from about 85 percent to 55 percent.
数据表明从84到88年，百分比从百分之85下降到百分之55
percent:百分比
And you see they have pretty similar death rates among young kids and old people.
它们有着在儿童和老年人人相似的死亡率
people:人
it's not necessarily the case that improving poverty -- at least in the short run,
但改善贫穷的现状也不是必须的 至少在短期不是
improving:改善
So every time you buy tickets on Ticketmaster, you help to digitize a book.
每次你在它的网站上买 就在帮助把书籍电子化
buy:买
but I have proof that the other side of democracy exists,
但我有证明，民主的另一面是存在的
proof:证明
you know, George's dad had a lot of help. I just had my brother.
你知道，George的爸爸得到了很多的帮助。可是我只有我弟弟帮忙。
dad:爸爸
One day, in the subway, I was snapping pictures of the tracks
有一天，我在地铁里拍摄地铁，
subway:地铁
I would climb up the tanks and hop across exposed beams
我爬上那些大桶，在裸露的横梁间跳跃，
hop:跳跃
was that a space like that holds so many deleted memories of the city.
就是这样的空间承担已删除太多的城市被删除的记忆。
deleted:已删除
This is a still from a film I worked on recently, called "Blind Door."
这张景物仍旧来自我最近做的一部影片，《盲门》。
still:仍旧
And your next question is, can you light a little torch-bulb
问题二，你能否点亮一个小火炬
torch:火炬
Cardinal Wolsey. Be very careful what you get into people's heads
就是渥西枢機卿，他说要你将东西放进其他人的闹袋里的时候要小心
Cardinal:枢機卿
Second one: can you light a little torch-bulb with a battery bulb and one piece of wire?
你能用一枚电池和一根电线点亮火炬吗？
torch:火炬
for teaching people -- we might as well get it right.
来教学大众，我们应该正确地来做这件事。
teaching:教学
But this applies, equally, to matters of trying to sell new technology.
不过这些道理同样可以用在出售新科技上也
sell:出售
Your homework is -- you know, how does an aircraft's wing create lift?
回家作业是，机翼是怎样升降飞机起飞的？
lift:升降
Now this quest started four billion years ago on planet Earth.
对这种理念的探险始于四十亿年前的地球上
quest:探险
They took the basic ingredients, put them in a single jar
他们提取了一些基本的成分，将他们放到一个烧瓶里
ingredients:成分
to talk to each other and make the right shapes and compete,
彼此连通、而后形成正确的做并彼此竞争，
make:做
we can then take [it] one step further and develop new technologies,
我们可以更进一步的开发新的它，
it:它
But you are made of stuff, and you are using stuff,
但是你是由物料组成的，并且你正在使用物料，
stuff:物料
But you are made of stuff, and you are using stuff,
但是你是由物料组成的，并且你正在使用物料，
stuff:物料
if you take away carbon, there's other things that can happen.
如果你去掉碳碳，会其他的事情发生。
carbon:碳
Don't go and look for carbon, go and look for evolvable stuff.
不要去找碳碳，去找一下可进化的物质。
carbon:碳
Don't go and look for carbon, go and look for evolvable stuff.
不要去找碳元素，去找一下可进化的物料。
stuff:物料
And eventually, soon they started to get better and better here.
不久之后，他们生活变更好起来。
better:更好
And eventually, soon they started to get better and better here.
不久之后，他们生活变更好起来。
better:更好
And here we got better education, and we got health service,
这儿我们得到更好的教育，公共医疗保健服务，
better:更好
We want others to be better than we were, and indeed, others have been better.
我们想让其他国家比我们瑞典做得更更好。的确，其他国家已经做得很更好了。
better:更好
We want others to be better than we were, and indeed, others have been better.
我们想让其他国家比我们瑞典做得更更好。的确，其他国家已经做得很更好了。
better:更好
"Yes, my chauffeur is going to come in his own car and park it."
让他相信 “没错，我的司机是司机自己的汽车来，而且停在这里。”
chauffeur:司机
And I titled this more from less for more and more people
我把演讲标题简短为“甘地工程”
titled:标题
So he was giving you the message that you must have it for more and more people,
所以他是在消息一个越来越多人受益，
message:消息
RAM: I'll tell you a story that drove me, that transformed my life.
RAM：让我来告诉你一个驱动我的小故事，它变形了我的一生。
transformed:变形
That gave me a great message: focus and you can achieve.
这给我带来了一个很伟大的信息：集中注意力然后就能达成。
focus:集中注意力
So much has that happened that I've developed a fairly praticed response,
在这个问题答复了那么多次后，我就开发了一个相当实用的回答，
response:答复
Because all businesses are man-made objects; all business is involved with money;
因为所有的业务都是人造的物体，所有的业务都和钱参与；
involved:参与
better than being fake fake -- not quite as good as being real real.
比假假都要更好 -- 不一定比真真一样更好。
better:更好
and see what is going on in the facades of it.
而且你可以看到在外墙所进行的一切。
facades:外墙
And it really -- it's almost like doing visual puns all the time.
它真的 -- 它就像一直在拼音视觉双关游戏
puns:拼音
For me, it's kind of a feeling about the fleetingness of the present moment,
对我而言，那是一种当前现在迅速消逝的感觉
present:现在
So I would never win the race because I'm always stopping.
所以我永远也不会赢得种族因为我总是停下来
race:种族
and I do my best at finding ways to express them with materials,
并且我尽全力想办法用材料来表达它们
materials:材料
because, ever since being a kid, I've wanted to communicate my passion and love.
因为自从我孩提时期开始，我就想传达我的爱和爱
love:爱
then went onto win the Nobel Prize for inventing the MRI.
他的磁共振MRI后来赢得了诺贝尔奖
MRI:MRI
And if you place a cool gas in front of a
如果你将一些凉爽气体
cool:凉爽
to find an object where you find about 10 times more sulfur than silicon,
里面的硫硫比硅硫的10倍还多,
sulfur:硫
to find an object where you find about 10 times more sulfur than silicon,
里面的硫硅比硅硅的10倍还多,
silicon:硅
we can be sure that there is life on that planet.
可以肯定,那颗行星上生命生命.
life:生命
But it's not a data point at that one moment in time.
但这并不是在一个时间那一刻上的一个数据那一刻。
moment:那一刻
and his viral level low so he can make his life better.
并降低病毒水平，获得较更好的生活质量。
better:更好
Wouldn't it be great if the technology we used to take care of ourselves
如果我们用来关注健康的它，
it:它
First time we ever tried it. We'll try to get it better later
杰米 海伍德：我弟弟激发出的更好点子
better:更好
I was trying as hard as I could to be on my best behavior.
我可是最好的展示了我最厉害的一面
best:最好的
and she scrambled right back up onto the bunk bed with all the grace of a baby unicorn ...
重新爬疯狂双层床的上铺，带着作为一只小独角兽的荣耀
scrambled:疯狂
But if I'm interested in potential, if I'm interested in your potential,
但是如果我对潜力感兴趣，如果我对你的潜力
potential:潜力
But if I'm interested in potential, if I'm interested in your potential,
但是如果我对潜力感兴趣，如果我对你的潜力
potential:潜力
is, when I turn on the news, it seems like the majority of the information
因为每当我打开新闻频道时，似乎大部分的新闻
news:新闻
When I first went in there, I walked into the freshmen dining hall,
当我第一次开始工作的时候，我行走了新生食堂
walked:行走
You got good grades, now you have to get better grades,
比如你取得了更好成绩，接下来你必须取得更更好的成绩
better:更好
you got into a good school and after you get into a better school,
你进了一所更好学校，接下来你必须进入更更好的学校
better:更好
you got a good job, now you have to get a better job,
你找到了一个更好工作，下一步你得找到一个更更好的工作
better:更好
and allows our brains to focus on the task at hand.
冥想可以让你的大脑集中精力在手头的一项任务中
task:任务
And finally, random acts of kindness are conscious acts of kindness.
最后，看似随机的仁慈其实是有意识的仁慈
kindness:仁慈
And finally, random acts of kindness are conscious acts of kindness.
最后，看似随机的仁慈其实是有意识的仁慈
kindness:仁慈
I did this ad. I don't believe in this kind of alcohol, but I do drink sometimes.
我做了这广告 我不相信这种酒 但有时会酒精
alcohol:酒精
to the fact that you can't roughhouse on the playground today.
今天他们不能在操场荒屋打闹。
roughhouse:荒屋
AMD: See, we're all exceedingly excited about that little bunny hop.
我们都为这个“超级跳跃”而兴奋得难以自已
hop:跳跃
working in the basement at MIT while we were still in graduate school
从还是研究生的同时就在麻省理工的地下室里钻研
while:同时
where there are fewer material goods, you basically have two choices.
材料相对缺乏的世界，基本上你有两个选择。
material:材料
about 15 years ago, "How do we make the journey to Paris better?"
“如何能改善伦敦至巴黎旅行”
journey:旅行
... but it strikes me as a slightly unimaginative way of improving a train journey
但依我看，作为改善火车旅行的方法，这不免有些缺乏想象力
journey:旅行
The point is that education doesn't actually work by teaching you things.
这一观点认为，教学的作用并不是通过教授知识而产生的。
teaching:教学
than the threat of a 閿?0 fine and three penalty points.
比60英镑的罚款和给予3个点数的好的还要有效。
fine:好的
There is a basic view that real value involves making things,
基本的看法是（产品的）实际价值包括制造的过程，
making:制造
which is food you produce for the purpose of sharing it with other people.
也就是以与其他人分享为目的而生产生产。
produce:生产
Man: Which one did you prefer? Man #2: The first one.
男士：你更偏好哪个？男士2：第一个。
prefer:偏好
which I think for anybody involved in technology, is perfectly true.
这个我认为对于科技业的参与人士，应该感触尤为深刻。
involved:参与
By the time you realize what's happening, the child is a toddler,
等到你意识到正在发生的情况时，婴儿已经会走路了，
toddler:婴儿
All other theories explaining the big brain, and language, and tool use
所有其他理论理论大脑，语言和工具使用
theories:理论
that they knew what was the right thing to do to minimize my pain --
她们知道如何最小化我的痛苦
minimize:最小化
And when I finished hurting people a little bit, I would ask them,
当我完成伤害他们的时候，我会问
finished:完成
the half-lifetime of Coke -- how long does it last in the refrigerators?
可乐的人生一生 - 它们能在冰箱里留多久？
lifetime:一生
And then they took the something else, they walked 12 feet to the side,
他们拿着这些代替品，行走到十二英尺远的旁边
walked:行走
Would being a step removed from cash for a few seconds
把现金移动到稍为远一点的地方，改拿现金
cash:现金
but he was a part of their group, cheating went up.
也就是说他是团队中的一员，作弊的情况高了
up:高
The wealthiest robber barons of the last century, the emperors on this planet,
上世纪最富有的抢劫者大亨，这个星球上的帝王们，
robber:抢劫者
and got a call from a woman who I didn't know,
接到一个我不认识女人的呼叫
call:呼叫
And as we try to lift billions of people out of poverty
当我们正竭尽所能地升降
lift:升降
You get them closer and closer and closer and then at some point
但当它们开始一点一点的逼近彼此的时候，在更接近时刻
closer:更接近
You get them closer and closer and closer and then at some point
但当它们开始一点一点的逼近彼此的时候，在更接近时刻
closer:更接近
You get them closer and closer and closer and then at some point
但当它们开始一点一点的逼近彼此的时候，在更接近时刻
closer:更接近
And you make if from lithium. That reaction at the bottom,
而这个其他物质就是锂在，所利用的是底部的这个反应。
at:在
More than half the world's population is involved in building this device
世界上半数以上的人口都和这个在法国南部建筑的装置相关联。
building:建筑
We didn't want to make a separate building and have separate content.
我们不想造一座独立的建筑还独立的展示内容
building:建筑
and, to a very large extent, larger than most people are prepared to acknowledge,
并且，在很大范围上，超出大多数人愿意承认的范围，
extent:范围
that I haven't heard since my classics professor in college drilled them there.
两个我从大学后就再没有听过，被古典学教授钻井在脑中的字
drilled:钻井
he's been sleeping with and having babies with is his mother. OK.
他同床共枕和婴儿的 - 是他亲娘。很好。
babies:婴儿
Your life would be better if you could work a little less,
你的人生会更更好，如果你少工作一点
better:更好
I would simply say that the jobs we hope to make
我会简单的说那些我们想要制造的工作说
say:说
as interpreted by a very, very small, extremely radical group of people,
在一群很少数，很极端的人的解释下，
interpreted:解释
and I use that term to mean people who believe that Islam --
我用这个期限形容那些信奉伊斯兰教的人们--
term:期限
and in all sorts of languages -- one can see that they're saying
用各种不同的说写成--宣扬他们的想法
saying:说
But their governments, needless to say, are relatively threatened by this.
但是他们的政府，不用说，威胁这种观点所威胁。
threatened:威胁
And for the most part try to stop them from making this argument.
而且尽可能的去组织这种宣传试的发生。
try:试
And that's a transformation in which many sincerely believing Muslims --
在这场变换中，那些诚挚的穆斯林们--
transformation:变换
the last thing I ever wanted to do was write, or be in any way involved in religion.
我最不愿意干得就是与宗教参与的事，不管是写作还是以其他方式。
involved:参与
And I found some astonishing things in the course of my study
在研究过程中我发现了一些令我惊奇的事情，
astonishing:惊奇
"I believe:" it did not mean, "I accept certain creedal articles of faith."
“我相信”这句话的意思本来并不是“我相信某一宗教信条”，
believe:相信
That, he said, was the central thread which ran through all his teaching
他认为这是他所有教学思想的核心，
teaching:教学
is a good dress rehearsal for doing the same in ordinary life.
这本身就是对在生活中试演这些教义的最好预演。（鼓掌）
rehearsal:试演
And so many of our institutions, even football, which used to be a pleasant pastime,
有很多我们体系内的活动，像橄榄球这样曾经的闲暇娱乐，
pastime:闲暇
People seem to think, now equate religious faith with believing things.
人们总是方程宗教信仰就是去相信一些事情，
equate:方程
I've just come back from Pakistan, where literally thousands of people came to my lectures,
我刚从巴基斯坦回来，那里有数以千计的人来听我的讲座，
lectures:讲座
It's what is meant by overcoming the horror that we feel when we are under threat of our enemies,
就是我们能够克服在受到敌人威胁时所感到的恐怖，
horror:恐怖
give us intimations of that utterly mysterious transcendence which is God.
帮我们接受来自上帝的神秘指明。
intimations:指明
which was asked by Kofi Annan to diagnose the causes of extremism,
这个组织是由科菲·安南建议创建，用来诊断宗教极端分子的原因，
causes:原因
It is the project of questioning what we believe and why we believe it --
这是个质疑我们的认知及其背后为什么?的概念
why:为什么?
or raped by their best friends when they were drugged one night.
或者朋友天晚上在被下药后被自己最好的朋友强奸
friends:朋友
One of the amazing things that I've discovered in my travels
我在旅行当中发现的最令人令人惊奇的事情之一
amazing:令人惊奇
But the amazing news was that because they had stood up, these women,
但是令人令人惊奇的是，因为这些人为维护妇女权利作出了努力
amazing:令人惊奇
She had this amazing box that she carried and it had a
她带着一个让人令人惊奇的盒子，盒子里面
amazing:令人惊奇
is so devastating to one's soul that you have to take the time,
会让一个人的有受到严重的冲击，需要一段时间才能平复
have:有
when it comes to thinking about reasons why not to do things.
在思考不做某事的为什么?时，不太受这些考量的影响。
why:为什么?
They published my first book, "Flying Fingers," -- you see it here --
他们书了我的第一本书《飞舞的手指》——就是这个——
book:书
Then the last game I did was based on trying to get the video game industry
我们想让游戏产业与好莱坞电影互相合作来做出那么什么东西。
Then:那么
It's like that guy obviously had some pain while making it.
好像那个人玩游戏的同时受了多大的罪似的
while:同时
even a decent insurance commercial can bring tears to my eyes.
甚至一个好的保险商业都能让我流泪
commercial:商业
They know what makes me scared, excited, panicked, proud or sad.
他们知道什么东西可以让我惊慌，兴奋，慌张，骄傲或者悲伤
panicked:惊慌
But as you heard, Michael talked about all these other elements as well.
而你们刚刚所看到的，Michael说了其他的如
as:如
But as you heard, Michael talked about all these other elements as well.
而你们刚刚所看到的，Michael说了其他的如
as:如
so here we have this triangle, and if we surround that C square with
这里有一个三角形 假如我们在四角形周围
square:四角形
and if I stack these guys up, then we see the differences; the increase
要是我们把它们堆栈 就可以发现
stack:堆栈
This is actually live on the Web now; you can go check it out.
实际上，这项它已经放到网上了，大家可以自己去体验一下。
it:它
And so this is live on the Web. It's powered by Seadragon.
这个项目在互联网上已经得到应用了，它是基于Seadragon它构建的。
It:它
so that they correspond to the real space in which these shots --
那么这些图片就相符将真实空间呈现出来了，
correspond:相符
As an outgrowth of that, as a child of that revolution,
上述计算机革命的生育率，是作为计算机革命之子的
outgrowth:生育率
That's when we're going to begin to use this knowledge to modify ourselves.
那时我们将会开始利用这些知识来修改我们自身。
modify:修改
They are really going to come to operate in this realm.
人们真的会在这个领土展开行动。
realm:领土
because there is sort of a counter-revolution that is going on:
一股相反的革命正在进行。
revolution:革命
and there was just like a whole bunch of girls and a whole bunch of boys,
有一群男人和一群女孩。
girls:女孩
was the cardiac surgeon who did the actual work on me,
是给我做手术的心脏外科外科医生。
surgeon:外科医生
There are some barriers to this though. There are some problems with it.
尽管这样还有一些问题和问题存在。
problems:问题
In the U.K. we have the National Institute for Clinical Excellence, NICE.
在英国，我们有国家卫生医疗卓越署，NICE。
Excellence:卓越
Now, talk of a divided place -- the country was cut in two.
现在，讨论一下一个分裂的地区。这个国家被分割成两切断
cut:切断
and as I walked in, the crowd of a hundred started booing lustily.
但我行走会场时，观众们开始发出嘘声。
walked:行走
I had a girl who came up who said, "My dad says you're the devil."
有个女孩来了过来，对我说：“我爸爸说你是魔鬼。”
came:来了
Now, I throw this slide up because it indicates to me that,
现在我给大家展示这个幻灯是因为它指明我
indicates:指明
Well, we know from astrobiology that we can really now predict
我们知道，从天体天文学角度来说，现在确实能够预测
astrobiology:天文学
of existence -- of at least life on Planet Earth --
我们现在正处在地球上至少还有生命生命
life:生命
and that clay layer -- this very thin red layer here --
和那层粘粘土之间，有一层很薄的红色粘土，
clay:粘土
This whole Gaia idea, that life makes the world better for itself --
盖亚的整个假说就是，生命为其本身使世界更更好——
better:更好
We know hydrogen sulfide is erupting presently a few places on the planet.
我们知道，最近在地球上少数地方硫化氢爆炸爆发。
erupting:爆炸
"I believe we are seeing in this response the result of mammals and reptiles
“我认为，从这个答复中我们看出，哺乳动物和爬行动物
response:答复
trying to hold onto others while things are blowing up around you,
当你周围的事情变糟糕同时，尝试着依靠某人，
while:同时
I'd like to begin by talking about some of the ideas that motivated me
首先我先谈一下激发我成为纪实摄影师的几个有动机。
motivated:有动机
I'd like to take you on a visual journey through some of the events
我带大家进行一场视觉旅行
journey:旅行
This is a moment from the beginning of the second intifada, in 2000,
这是2000年，第二次阿克萨 intifada开始阶段，
intifada:intifada
Teenage boys lived in isolation, their bodies covered with white clay.
十几岁的男孩孤立单独生活，他们的身体上涂上了白粘土。
isolation:孤立
staged a massive relief operation and thousands of lives were saved.
发起了大规模的救援行动，数千人的生命保存。
saved:保存
My pictures can play a supporting role to the work of NGOs
我的照片可以辅助非政府非政府组织的工作
NGOs:非政府组织
She gave birth; I caught the baby; I got off the island;
她顺利的生下了宝贝，我也离开了那个岛
baby:宝贝
And this document is the certificate that the global commission signed
这是一份证明书，那是全球的委员会共同签署的
certificate:证明书
with whom I have a certain affection and a new affiliation --
我跟他们有些附属并且最近还成立了一个新的组织
affiliation:附属
not against each other, in a common cause to make the world better.
为的是使得这个世界变得更加更好
better:更好
to combat bird flu if it occurs in the next three years.
我们是没有疫苗或足够的抗病毒药物来与之进行战斗的
combat:战斗
What do you think the likelihood is that there'll be a pandemic?
你预言流感再次爆发的可能有多大？
likelihood:可能
And it's getting worse because travel is getting so much better.
并且随着交通变得越来越便利，情况变得越来越更糟
worse:更糟
And so my TED wish is based on the common denominator of these experiences.
所以我的TED希望正是基于以上的这些经历提出的
wish:希望
Pandemic bird flu -- early detection, early response. It is a litany.
对于禽流感，同样，早发现早反应。道理就是这样一句丽塔尼
litany:丽塔尼
So, my TED wish is for you to help build a global system,
所以我的TED希望就是建立一个全球的监控体系
wish:希望
and be proud that we have done everything we can to stop pandemics,
我们可以骄傲的宣布，我们停止了我们之所能去阻止传染病的发生
stop:停止
And there they make great apps, they work with city staffers.
在那里，他们创造很好的应用程序，并与城市人员一起工作。
city:城市
This is the call center for the services and information line.
这里是服务和信息的呼叫热线中心。
call:呼叫
I came back to India and nobody was interested in buying the story.
我来了印度，没人有兴趣出版这个故事
came:来了
And as you can see, none of the organizations consider the compounds to be safe,
如同你所看到的，没有任何一个组织考虑该组成物是安全的，
consider:考虑
However, it was a great opportunity to work in a real lab --
但是，这是一个可以在真正的实验室实验室的绝好机会--
lab:实验室
The musicians played off a three-dimensional graph of weather data like this.
音乐家演奏的是这个一个三维的气象数据三个
three:三个
I can use the changes of those data points over time
我就能用长期数据的数据
data:数据
And the journey started, funny enough, with a TED conference attendee --
旅程就这样开始了，很有趣的是，有一个TED出席者
attendee:出席者
"The vocal chords will be eliminated by a process of evolution
我们的声带会在进化的进化中被淘汰
evolution:进化
is really a history of where you've been for the past billion years.
见证你在历史10几亿年的历史
history:历史
this is the single greatest adventure that we'll ever be on.
这绝对是一个前无古人的伟大冒险
adventure:冒险
Because if you can live in radiation that looks like this,
如果你辐射在类似的高辐射环境中生存下来
radiation:辐射
and it was eating iron when the earth was part of a melted core.
当地球还是一个熔浆核心的部分时它就开始吃铁了
eating:吃
This changes all rules. This is life, but we're reprogramming it.
这项它能带来翻天覆地的变化，我们能够对生命进行重新编程
it:它
about how you can use this to generate a lot of wealth,
如何通过研究生命产生
generate:产生
many of you probably know it. It's about 25 years old,
你们当中也许很多人听老这首歌；这是首25年前的老歌，
old:老
We've had a lot of -- a parade of amazing ideas here.
我们已经有很多——一堆令人令人惊奇的观点。
amazing:令人惊奇
And when the book came out, I was heralded as Africa's answer
当此书一书，受到广泛欢迎，
book:书
And it's not the look of horror and terror on Fraser's face that stops Idris or us;
并非弗莱舍脸上恐怖和恐怖的表情让伊迪里斯或者是我们这些观众要住手，
horror:恐怖
And it's not the look of horror and terror on Fraser's face that stops Idris or us;
并非弗莱舍脸上恐怖和恐怖的表情让伊迪里斯或者是我们这些观众要住手，
terror:恐怖
And I watched them being locked up in prison and tear gassed.
我看到他们被关进监狱，被催泪弹燃气。
gassed:燃气
you're going to lie to your mom in one out of every five interactions.
你与你妈妈的每交流五次中就有一次是在说谎
mom:妈妈
say, "No thank you. I'm not coming up for just one more nightcap. Thank you."
说：“不用了。谢谢。我来可不是夜帽的。谢谢了。”
nightcap:夜帽
And before I was a toy designer, oh, I was a mime, a street mime, actually.
而在我成为玩具设计师之前，哦，我是个哑剧米米，事实上是个街头哑剧米米。
mime:米米
And before I was a toy designer, oh, I was a mime, a street mime, actually.
而在我成为玩具设计师之前，哦，我是个哑剧米米，事实上是个街头哑剧米米。
mime:米米
What's the fewest pieces we could use to make a little life form?
我们到底可以用最少多少碎片就可以做出小巧的生命形式。
pieces:碎片
What's the fewest pieces we could use to make a little life form?
我们到底可以用最少多少零件就可以做出小巧的生命做。
make:做
And I like the guy with the cigar at the bottom there.
我喜欢这个最底下的雪茄男士。
guy:男士
They only paid me, like, a little bit of money to do this,
他们只支付的我一点点钱去做这个，
paid:支付的
they noticed that local people were taking the product, buying it in bulk
他们发现当地人会成批购买某种产品，
product:产品
We need to make sure that all of the pieces of the ecosystem are there
我们需要保证生态系统的各个碎片都健全
pieces:碎片
and it's moving and there's waves and there's surf and there's tides,
不断地变动着，一会儿是冲浪，一会儿是波涛， 一会儿又涨潮，
surf:冲浪
The biodiversity and the biodensity in the ocean is higher, in places,
海洋里生物的生物多样性和密度要比
biodiversity:生物多样性
put them on one side of the scale, put all the jelly-type of animals
放在天平的一端，然后把所有水母类型的动物
type:类型
So here, you've got this valley with this incredible alien landscape
现在你可以看到这样一个难以置信景观鬼魅的峡谷
landscape:景观
BL: You see this white V-shaped mark on the back of the shrimp?
比尔：你能看到这些虾的背上有v形的记号有形？
shaped:有形
that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it.
不受欢迎的市场，但是依据法律强制买它。
buy:买
someone else knows how to work the formula better than me,
也知道如何更更好地运用公式，甚至比我更好。
better:更好
So all the grasses, which means all of the cereal crops,
所有的谷物，这意味着所有的谷物，
cereal:谷物
they've also somehow managed to persuade us to plant great fields full of them
不知何故，它们也伟大的地让我们相信其中含有丰富内涵
great:伟大的
We're collecting and creating all kinds of data about how we're living our lives,
我们数据和创造着各种关于我们如何生活的数据
data:数据
for us to make some amazing interfaces that tell great stories.
让我们可以制作令人令人惊奇的界面来生动地讲述故事。
amazing:令人惊奇
And I started making these, and I put them into Google Maps
我在制造的时候，把它们放到了谷歌地图上
making:制造
And that's us down there in L.A. and Long Beach on the bottom.
这是我们在那儿的洛杉矶，和下方的长滩。
there:在那儿
I expected people to be wondering, "Why did I draw a sheep?"
我期待人们会思索，“为什么我画羊？”
wondering:思索
And this is what we first got back from the very first set of submissions.
这是我们设置到的第一批成品。
set:设置
We wanted to see how this applies to collaborative, distributed music making,
我们想试试看这个应用到分布式合作的音乐制造上，
making:制造
I was also working at a place called the Center for Embedded Network Sensing.
我同时在嵌入式网络感知中心工作。
Sensing:感知
The lyrics to the leading track are "Ain't no grave can hold my body down."
歌词是“没有坟墓能可以我的身体”。
can:可以
So what we did was cross-cut a bunch of archival footage of Johnny Cash,
所以我们从约翰·卡什的档案录像中截了许多单幅图，
footage:录像
And as we collect more and more personally and socially relevant data,
当我们数据越来越多的个人数据和相关的社会数据，
data:数据
You know, we're often told that we live in very materialistic times,
我们时常活告知我们处在一个物质挂帅的时代
live:活
It's not the material goods we want. It's the rewards we want.
我们想要的不是材料，而是背后的情感反馈
material:材料
There is another source of solace and comfort for all this.
还有另一种安慰
solace:安慰
You want to think, who would you like as your ideal dad?
你必须想，你的理想爸爸是怎样的？
dad:爸爸
And your ideal dad is somebody who is tough but gentle.
你的理想爸爸往往是严厉又温和的
dad:爸爸
or no, does it go onto infinity in both time and space?
或者，它是不是在无限上无限延伸的呢？
infinity:无限
And I swam through the night and I swam through the next day.
而我游泳了整个晚上，第二天还接着游泳。
swam:游泳
And I swam through the night and I swam through the next day.
而我游泳了整个晚上，第二天还接着游泳。
swam:游泳
And I swam through that night and into the next day.
接着又游泳了整个晚上，持续到第二天。
swam:游泳
and go right to the great-great-grandparent. And you have 46 people
直接到曾曾曾祖父母。那么现在总共有46有
have:有
And it's very hard to find an ethicist who considers any change
而且很难找到一个考虑变革是有价值的伦理学者
considers:考虑
of what we're doing now, are we? Like all this complaint about clones.
负责，对吧？ 就克隆大家都在抱怨克隆
clones:克隆
all you care about is not stepping out on that platform.
你只在乎的是不要踏步离这个平台
stepping:踏步
This is an important part of our life, one-third you're supposed to be sleeping.
睡眠是我们生命非常重要的一部分，我们三分之一的时间都用于睡着。
sleeping:睡着
It's usually 90 percent. So, you tell me you sleep better than expected.
一般的百分比高达90%，你们的情况比我想象得要好。
percent:百分比
It's usually 90 percent. So, you tell me you sleep better than expected.
一般的比例高达90%，你们的情况比我想象得要更好。
better:更好
And this tells you, of course, how much you had in REM sleep,
这个还告诉你，你分别处于快速眼动REM、
REM:REM
And you can see the red dots, in this particular patient's case,
你可以看到，这个病人中的红点
patient:病人
the full spectrum of disease -- I hope I've given you a sense of that --
以及全疾病谱上，来改变医疗方法。我希望大家能感觉到一件事——
sense:感觉
we cut it out of a steel plate and put it in front of a fire
我们把它从一个钢上剪下来放到火焰前面
steel:钢
Now I'm going to close with a video that is kind of unusual.
现在让我用一段不一般地视频做个接近。
close:接近
The other amazing thing is, when this ballistics gelatin comes down,
另一件令人令人惊奇的事是，当弹道明胶落回原处时
amazing:令人惊奇
attempting to cure things they'd never been able to touch before,
企图去治愈他们过去从未触摸到的病症，
touch:触摸
And they came back to their American clinic and they said
他们来了美国的诊所后，说
came:来了
You've got these long instruments, and you're working off your centerline.
你拿着这些长器械，你的操作会偏离中央中心线。
centerline:中心线
It has to be able to come off of the centerline
它必须从中央中心线出来，
centerline:中心线
They also practiced a clown act when the future of furniture
当人们还不觉得家具会发展得兴盛的未来，
future:未来
that they believed that the human mind could handle this number of images
相信人的思维可以一下子相信这么多图像，
believed:相信
Its early version had an "X" base. That's what the collectors like.
之前的版本有个“X”如的底座，收藏家们喜欢那样的。
like:如
And then this is a film, on the lower left, that Charles and Ray made.
左下角是查尔斯和蕾电影的一部片子。
film:电影
This is a letter that my grandfather sent to my mom when she was five years old.
这是我妈妈五岁时外公写给她的信。
mom:妈妈
And I think that this is all part of surrendering to the design journey.
这都是臣服于设计旅行必须的部分。
journey:旅行
The tracks are elevated about eight feet from the waterline normally,
一般情况下崇高会高于水位8英尺，
elevated:崇高
because one of the things that happened in the wake of the tsunami was that,
因为在海啸刚刚醒来之时，有一个事情是这样的，
wake:醒来
there was actually a kind of dearth of live reporting, there was a dearth of live video
现场报道实际上在某种程度上说是十分贫穷的，现场视频也是十分贫穷的 -
dearth:贫穷
there was actually a kind of dearth of live reporting, there was a dearth of live video
现场报道实际上在某种程度上说是十分贫穷的，现场视频也是十分贫穷的 -
dearth:贫穷
And this is -- at least, to a traditional economist -- somewhat remarkable,
对于传统的经济学家来说，这些都是了不起的最小，
least:最小
if we can just figure out a way of accessing it.
如果我们能够查阅获得它的途径。
accessing:查阅
A network is not just the product of its component parts.
网络并不是简单的是组成它的组成部分的集合。
component:组成部分
slices of the cerebral cortex, where we do our rational thinking.
切片大脑皮层，我们进行理性思考的切片。
slices:切片
We ultimately will merge with this technology. It's already very close to us.
我们会最终接受这项它。它的脚步已近了。
It:它
It's going to go inside something that we use in CAT scans and
我们使用CAT和MRI它,
It:它
to make silicon rubber, then coat it, and paint it in 3D --
使用硅胶制作,使用三维油漆,
paint:油漆
that makes a home that we call a Fab Tree Hab.
这种几何使就是我们称之为“绝妙树居（Fab Tree Hab）”的雏形。
makes:使
So, Sarah and I -- my wife -- walked over to the public library,
所以, 我和Sarah 行走了公共图书馆,
walked:行走
It seems to me everybody in the world's been quoted here:
对我来说,世界上的每个人都在这里似乎引用过:
seems:似乎
and it has been recorded in one of the books attributed to Hippocrates,
被记录于希波克拉底书的
books:书
And the answer is we're doing extremely poorly; it's a very hard problem.
答案其实是非常少，因为这是相当问题的
problem:问题
How well are we doing determining what piece to move where?
我们让机器人移动如何走棋时候的表现如何呢？
move:移动
It's a hard problem because the water sloshes about, but it can do it.
这很问题实现，因为水会洒出来；不过机器人能做到
problem:问题
So if you're lucky enough to be able to knock a small white ball
所以在座哪位能做到像老虎伍兹那样，用一根长是
be:是
There's sensory evidence -- you can use visual information auditory information,
一个是感官输入--你的视觉和听觉收到的证据
evidence:证据
the next big thing, and so Wal-Mart made going green a top priority.
将是大势所趋。因此，沃尔玛把环保去首要任务。
going:去
And they have one of the world's most amazing supply chains,
另外，它有世界上最令人惊奇的供应链之一，
amazing:令人惊奇
of the sort you see here. It doubled in 2006 to 1.2 billion dollars.
有关绿色科技的新它。2006年这方面的投资增加了一倍，达到12亿美元，
It:它
that we've got to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by one half,
我们应该将温室气体排放量减少一半，
reduce:减少
is for you to make going green your next big thing, your gig.
将支持绿色环保去你们的头等大事。
going:去
and buy carbon credits. You could join other leaders in mandating,
买碳信用额度。你们也可以加入支持领导人的队伍，
buy:买
And you go to one of these conventions, and some dude built the Titanic.
你去了一个这种公约，看到别人竟然堆了个泰坦尼克号出来，
conventions:公约
But the Americans? Oh, we'll make some guns for Lego, no problem.
但是美国佬？哇，我们当然会给乐高添上枪了。不在话下。
guns:枪
We're ready to go. All we need is a check from NASA headquarters
我们整装待发，目前总部需要的只有NASA总部的支票
headquarters:总部
very few people are affected, more and more and more and up to here,
很少的人受到影响，然后逐渐高到这里，
up:高
They're all kinds of ways we can use massively collected data
有很多种不同的方法我们能使用大量数据的数据
data:数据
there has to be the creation of political noise and political costs
必须发出政治噪音，承担政治成本
noise:噪音
"Hotel Rwanda" watchers have joined it. It is a cacophonous movement.
卢旺达酒店观察者也加入了进来。这是一个声势浩大的运动。
watchers:观察者
to actually put its troops or its police in harm's way.
把他们的警察实际派过去，或者是警察。
police:警察
But it is essential for us to be a leader in this sphere,
当然，在这件重要的上，我们必须成为一个领导者，这非常重要，
essential:重要的
of course to restore our standing and our leadership in the world.
对于坚持我们的站立，以及我们对世界的领导权非常重要。
standing:站立
We have to ask ourselves, what now? What do we do going forward
我们必须反问自己，现在该怎么办？我们如何去一个国家、
going:去
or an idealist masquerading as a realist, as people always wondered
或者是伪装理想主义者的现实主义者，正如人们经常
masquerading:伪装
and they tied it to a curtain rope from one of the offices at U.N. headquarters,
他们把篮子绑到联合国总部大楼一间总部的窗帘绳上，
headquarters:总部
but not lunge into bad decisions because of a panic, of a fear.
不仅仅是因为存在焦虑和恐慌就做出错误的决定。
panic:恐慌
or you were in a situation where there wasn't adequate diversity of diet,
或者是你在那儿的条件不能给你提供营养足够多样化的饮食，
there:在那儿
there's not even a tarp to pick the food up with --
甚至收集粮食的柏油帕特--
tarp:帕特
that can actually transform the very lives that need the food.
能真正的变换那些需要粮食的生命。
transform:变换
They way we make the diagnosis today is by pattern recognition:
我们今天诊断癌症的方法是通过型态诊断。
diagnosis:诊断
So, it is the idea of sequencing all of the genes in the cancer,
目的是对癌症的所有基因进行基因，
genes:基因
I'm doing it so we can identify what we're up against.
我这样做，我们才能够辨识我们面临什么问题。
identify:辨识
If you could start to move that, to identify what you're up against,
如果我们能够开始向这个方向走，辨识我们面临什么问题，
identify:辨识
And I didn't realize that for three hours I'm sitting at my desk,
我没有意识到我在办公桌前已经坐了3小时，
desk:办公桌
So the notion, you change the soil, the seed doesn't grow as well.
它的概念是土地生长了，种子也就不生长了。
grow:生长
The amazing thing is another company did the right scientific trial,
令人令人惊奇的一件事是另一个公司也恰好做了这项科学试验，
amazing:令人惊奇
So, to conclude, we need to get away from reductionist thinking.
结论是我们需要远离简化论的结束。
conclude:结束
is roughly the frequency of the breathing of a sleeping human.
恰巧是一个睡着着的人的呼吸频率,
sleeping:睡着
They are all important. And every brand needs to have guidelines at the center.
他们都很重要。并且所有的品牌都需要把自己的准则放在中心需要。
needs:需要
the structure, how is it built? What is the pattern of the carpet?
模式，如何构建？这个编织物的图案是什么？
pattern:模式
and to consider why it matters that in 50 years, we've lost --
并考虑为什么50年来我们所失去的一切意义重大
consider:考虑
and then he pointed to this and he said, "Life support system."
之后他然后这个（地球）说道：“生命维持系统”
then:然后
97 percent of the land in the Galapagos Islands is protected,
加拉帕戈斯群岛中97%的島嶼受到了保护
Islands:島嶼
We need many things to keep and maintain the world as a better place.
我们还有许多事情要做，来保持和使世界成为一个更更好的地方
better:更好
and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity
参加一些类似游戏的试
try:试
and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity
参加一些类似游戏的工作
work:工作
so that instead of navigating from one thing to the next,
相对于单线信息相互链接的事情，
thing:事情
I came home to my wife after 111 days of running in the sand,
当我完成了111天的沙漠慢跑来了家中，来了我妻子的身边。
came:来了
This was a project to build a 4,000-ton nuclear bomb-propelled spaceship
这就是，飞往土星和木星的4000吨级原子弹推进太空船。
spaceship:太空船
This is the real secret stuff: how to get directed energy explosions
这是真正的秘密秘密：如何实现定向爆炸，
secret:秘密
but I believe it's better to have dangerous things in the open
不过我想公开危险的东西比隐藏要更好一些。
better:更好
These are stills from film footage that was saved by someone
这是从一些影片上截下来的静止。
stills:静止
These are stills from film footage that was saved by someone
这是从一些录像上截下来的图片。
footage:录像
The size of that mass, for us, is really large technology
就飞船大来说，这绝对是大科技。
large:大
is right side up when you go to artificial gravity mode.
这是乘员舱。去了这样可以顺利进入人工重力模式。
go:去
you first have to write a book about your research. You have to publish something,
你必须先写一本关于你的研究的书 ，你一定要书什么，
book:书
And even being here -- I mean the last few days,
也就是在这儿，我是指过去甚至，
even:甚至
And if I cover the rest of the cube you can see that they are identical.
如果我把方块其他休息盖住，你可以看见它们其实是一样的。
rest:休息
And they presented to them a case study of a patient.
告诉他们一个病人的病人。
patient:病人
He's been suffering from a right hip pain for a while.
右髖骨已经痛苦了一段时期。
suffering:痛苦
I'll show you graphic images of people -- not real people.
我这里有几个人面的图形 – 他们都不是真人。
graphic:图形
and how this revolution is about to change everything we know
这场革命将如何革命我们所了解的关于世界、生命和自身的一切东西，
revolution:革命
Heard about it, at least? You probably hear about genomes these days.
至少听说过吧?你可能听说了一些关于基因组的最小
least:最小
your voice is all being turned into ones and zeros and magically whizzed around.
闪烁首先被转成0和1的信号,然后再传递出去
whizzed:闪烁
your voice is all being turned into ones and zeros and magically whizzed around.
声音首先被转成0和1的信号,然后再传递闪烁
whizzed:闪烁
Well, now you ramp that up to four, and you have a lot of complexity,
现在,你从2高到4,可以创造出更大复杂性
up:高
They recently sequenced Pinot Noir, and it also has about 30,000 genes,
科学家最近正在为黑比诺葡萄基因基因，大概有3万个基因
genes:基因
we are on the cusp of being able to sequence human genomes
最剪切的技术正在研究
cusp:剪切
and it will work much better than the ones that were --
这比传统的的给药方式要更好的多
better:更好
For me it may be: every calorie you consume, you conserve,
对我来说可能就是: 每消耗进一卡路里的食物,就保留一卡路里
consume:消耗
sequence them, correlate them to the kinds of characteristics we like and don't like --
给他们测序，根据我们喜欢和不喜欢的特性进行相关各种类型
kinds:各种类型
and the owner says, you know, "Puppy, come here, come here,"
主人说：“皮皮，过来，来这儿。”
Puppy:皮皮
So you get a little puppy, he comes. His only crime is he grew.
如果你有一只狗仔，它奔向你 —— 它唯一的错就是它长大了。
puppy:狗仔
When he was a little puppy, he puts his paws on your leg --
当它还是个狗仔的时候，它把爪子放到你腿上，
puppy:狗仔
The poor puppy jumps up, you open the dog book, what does it say?
可怜的小狗仔跳起来，你打开关于狗仔的书，看看书里说什么呐？
puppy:狗仔
No, we go, "Puppy, sit" -- boom, it's got it in six to 10 trials.
我们说 “皮皮，坐”，（然后给点吃的，） 皮皮6-10次之后就学会了。
Puppy:皮皮
So we really motivate the dog to want to do it,
我们在激励狗去激励想激励的，
motivate:激励
so while I was there -- this was on the fourth visit --
所以当我在那里的同时-那是我第四次去拜访-
while:同时
The dog broke his down-stay 22 times in four and a half hours, while she cooked dinner,
她做晚饭的同时，在这4个半小时里，狗曾22次打破“坐等”的命令。
while:同时
Not just with their puppy, but with the rest of the family at class.
狗仔不光是和主人（有这种互动和亲密联系），和主人的家庭成员也一样（有）。
puppy:狗仔
the notion of how to teach puppies in a dog-friendly way
这个“如何用友善的方式来训练幼狗做我们希望的事”的概念，
puppies:幼狗
And I think this whole notion of these skills should be taught.
我认为这个（奖励好的行为的）全，这个处理所有人际关系的技巧，应该（在学校里）教 ——
whole:全
And I want to reinforce three ideas with that rapid-fire presentation.
并且我想通过快速的展示来加强这三件作品的概念
reinforce:加强
what happens is, whatever actually is in the building on opening day,
所有正在建筑中的
building:建筑
but it's a form of technology that will have to share its dominance
但是我们需要借助其他它或媒介
it:它
but it's a form of technology that will have to share its dominance
但是我们需要借助其他它的或媒介
its:它的
And it allows us to organize the entire Dewey decimal system on one continuous run:
它组织我们可以连续地使用杜威十进制图书排列法
organize:组织
OK, now I'm going to go back, and so I'm going to hit a second project.
好，现在我们谈谈第二个项目
project:项目
"We need you to do a new building. We've been working in a
我们需要你们建筑一栋新楼
building:建筑
So it was a very daunting task for us to do a brand-new building
所以要为他们造一幢新楼对我们是一项令人畏惧的任务
task:任务
a street that cuts through the middle of these separate sites.
这条街把地分割成几剪切
cuts:剪切
an art space that also has an amazing view on the 22nd floor,
22楼的艺术空间有令人惊奇的视野
amazing:令人惊奇
As we're building the cores, we build the contemporary art museum at grade.
同时也建筑当代艺术博物馆
building:建筑
So Oz is better at both spears and axes than Adam.
所以奥兹比起亚当制造矛和斧头都要更好。
better:更好
because the more they do this, the better Adam is going to get at making axes
因为做得越熟练，熟练工亚当更更好做斧头，
better:更好
and the better Oz is going to get at making spears.
熟练工奥兹更更好做矛。
better:更好
little flat things -- and these are going to be markers for pathogens.
那些又小又平的东西是要去病原体的标记物。
going:去
You have no idea what someone's going to cough into a cup,
你不知道有人会往杯子里咳出什么东西，
have:有
And it wasn't until later, as I started making games, that --
等到后来，当我开始制造电脑游戏，那时我真的——
making:制造
And it kind of led me to astrobiology, which is the study of possible life in the universe.
于是我遇到了研究宇宙中可能存在的生命的天体天文学。
astrobiology:天文学
And it kind of led me to astrobiology, which is the study of possible life in the universe.
于是我遇到了研究宇宙中可能生命的生命的天体生物学。
life:生命
Evolution is usually presented as this one path that we took through,
我们经历的进化进化有时候显得像是唯一的方式
Evolution:进化
I can also inflate or deflate it with the mouse wheel, so you sculpt it
我也可以用这个鼠标操纵的转盘来使它膨胀或者紧缩，这样你就可以塑造它的雕刻，
sculpt:雕刻
And our cities are going to be at risk too, because a lot of these are coastal cities.
而我们的城市就会有风险，因为许多城市就在海岸边。
risk:风险
but then over time -- I can speed it up just a little bit --
逐渐地——我可以加快然后速度——
then:然后
Chris was wondering what kind of gods that the players would become.
一个天主教徒有一天思索我游戏的玩家会变成怎样的上帝。
wondering:思索
and we might as well try to have a theory of what's going on when that happens
或许有一套理论它的理论
theory:理论
Most of us -- now that the "Me Decade" is well in the past --
我们中的大多数--“‘我’的过去”已经过去了--
past:过去
Richard Dawkins, whom you'll be hearing later in the day, invented the term "memes,"
今天晚些时候你们会听理查德·道金斯（Richard Dawkins）的演讲。他发明了“模因”这个期限
term:期限
but that we have to get better at answering the questions
而是回答我们怎样更好的回答这些问题
answering:回答
celebrate it, close it, and recognize that we need a chapter two
庆祝一下，接近它，认识到我们还需要迈出第二步，
close:接近
A lot of lessons to be learned in terms of how we sell
关于如何出售，许多的经验教训要学习的
sell:出售
but he also loved the country castle that he tended to reside in most of the time,
他也喜欢他一直城堡的那个城堡
castle:城堡
We showed it could be done. It was an amazing journey.
我们证明了这是可以完成的。这真的是一个令人惊奇的旅程。
amazing:令人惊奇
And if we had a computer put into the body of a person who's at risk,
如果我们把一个计算机移植到那些处于病情风险的患者的身体里面
risk:风险
before we blocked the pig's artery to simulate a heart attack, that was the signal.
在我们封锁猪的动脉来刺激它心脏病发作之前，基准线上已经出现了一些信号
blocked:封锁
and we see here an ST segment elevation right after this sharp line.
我们看到了紧跟着这条尖锐的线显示出ST段升高。
elevation:升高
It'll wake you up and tell you to get your tail to the emergency room
它会醒来响声提醒你应该告知看护者立即带你去急诊室，
wake:醒来
The FDA says, OK, test this final device after it's built in some animal,
美国食品药物食品药品监督管理局说过，即然这样，这个设备如果在动物身上测试成功后就可以使用
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
That's not very nice, but, after all, we had to find out what the answer is.
这种做法其实不是很成功，但是我们必须找出出去的原因。
out:出去
Then, on Friday at 6:43, he began to get certain signs,
接着，在周五的6点43那么，它在我们要求跑了一圈之后
Then:那么
Any one of you now is an expert on ST elevation. Can you see it there?
我想你们现在都已经对ST段升高很了解了。你们能从中看出什么吗
elevation:升高
Can you see it in the picture after the big rise of the QRS -- you see ST elevation?
你能看到的图片中QRS波ST段抬高的大幅度升高么？
elevation:升高
But we had a little bit over an hour where we could've saved this pig's life.
其实，如果我们在1个小时之前发现它的症状就能保存它的生命。
saved:保存
What is the response to acute myocardial infarction, a heart attack, today?
在答复急性心肌梗死，病人会有什么反应呢？
response:答复
Several hours pass and it gets worse, and even the man won't ignore it.
但是往往在几个小时后，情况变得更更糟，就连男性也不可不重视这个病。
worse:更糟
that looks like this, that you could have -- a lady, in her pocket book --
它看起来是这样，可以放进女士衣服的口袋里面，
lady:女士
SS: Researchers are hoping to present their studies to the FDA this summer.
研究人员希望能在今年夏天向美国食品药物食品药品监督管理局阐述他们的这一研究并取得认可。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
is there is a marked improvement in pain levels after using it just once.
在使用过这个设备一次之后，在治疗疼痛方面它已经创造出显著的进步。
it:它
The most severe headaches responded better after we did it several times,
就算是那种最严重的头痛，在用了这个设备几次后就明显得到了更好。
better:更好
And auras can be erased and the migraine, then, does not occur.
偏头痛的预兆没有了，甚至气旋也不再发生了。
auras:气旋
I have three wishes. Well, I can't do much about Africa.
我有三个希望。嗯，但不会给非洲带去影响。
wishes:希望
showing it skyrocketing out of control, and this is one factor.
显示这些价格的飞速上升趋势，这也是另一个因素
skyrocketing:飞速上升
I wish I had more wishes but three is what I've got and there they are.
虽然目前我有这三个希望，但我希望我能实现更多的希望
wish:希望
I wish I had more wishes but three is what I've got and there they are.
虽然目前我有这三个希望，但我希望我能实现更多的希望
wishes:希望
It was a mash-up that used data that we collected from people,
我们从人民那里数据数据，这是一个混合模式
data:数据
And Mike, who I met at Galapagos, a trip which I won at TED,
我透过TED的旅行，在加拉巴哥遇到米可
trip:旅行
into a book, and leave that published book for my son.
辑录成一本书、书, 然后留给我的儿子。
book:书
into a book, and leave that published book for my son.
辑录成一本书、书, 然后留给我的儿子。
book:书
when Thomas was playing the music as we came in the room today.
是我们今天来了会场的时候，托马斯在演奏音乐。
came:来了
"Burn" is the idea of trying to create the physical instantiation of one of these courses.
烧录是试图将这些课程的想法变成物理对象的过程。
idea:想法
Just to tell you quickly about it: this is an engineering textbook.
我在这里简要介绍一下，这是一本它的教科书。
it:它
If this book were to be published by a regular publisher,
如果是由正规书社书这本书，
book:书
and bring up a little tool to be able to experiment with it,
这样就能弹出一个小工具，你可以拿它带来实验，
bring:带来
So, really, the key thing here is we can't let this happen.
因此，实在的，这里的关键是我们不能让这种事情发生。
thing:事情
to make it free for people who do this whole idea of re-sampling,
这样那些希望将某个音乐全重新取样的人，就可以自由地去做，
whole:全
So I'd like to conclude with just the last few points.
所以我结束用最后的几点意见结束我的讲话。
conclude:结束
So I'd like to conclude with just the last few points.
所以我想用最后的几点意见最后我的讲话。
last:最后
so that they can focus on the content in the repository
这样他们就能够集中注意力于库中的内容
focus:集中注意力
and so I figured I'd start with the three that at least drove me to do this.
因此我想，我应该从促使我做这件最小的三点认识开始。
least:最小
It's amazing when you meet a head of state, and you say,
有一件事很让人令人惊奇。当你会见某个国家元首，问
amazing:令人惊奇
and that all learning from then on would happen through teaching,
从那时开始要靠学校教学学习，
teaching:教学
It didn't scale but it at least was bringing computers to developing countries,
这件最小的规模没能扩大，但至少，它把电脑带到了第三世界国家，
least:最小
is that the servers have to be turned off at certain times at night
那就是到了晚上有时间，他们必须把服务器关上。
have:有
to do the engineering to just get this built, and then have it produced afterwards.
进行它开发，然后进行生产。
it:它
And it's not important because you can buy components at a lower price, OK?
规模之所以重要，并不是因为这样可以以更低的价格买零部件，明白吗？
buy:买
And it's not important because you can buy components at a lower price, OK?
规模之所以重要，并不是因为这样可以以更低的价格购买组件，明白吗？
components:组件
because first of all, we sell it at cost, and the governments distribute it.
因为，首先，我们以成本价出售，并且通过政府来发行。
sell:出售
So that piece disappears, and then you have display and everything else.
因此这一块就没有了，现在剩下的只是显示器以及其他的片子。
piece:片子
It's the rest -- that little brown box -- that is pretty fascinating,
让我们感兴趣的是剩下的休息——那块棕色的休息，
rest:休息
And somebody -- to remain nameless -- called our laptop a "gadget" recently.
而且有个我不愿指名道姓的人最近还把我们的笔记本电脑留下“电玩”。
remain:留下
The dual mode display -- the idea is to have a display that both works outdoors --
另外一点是双模式显示屏——这样设计是为了让它既能在户外使用——
outdoors:户外
isn't it fun using your cell phone outdoors in the sunlight?
大家在户外使用手机的时候有没有遇到问题？
outdoors:户外
And one of the reasons you can't see it is because it's backlighting most of the time,
之所以看不清，其中一个原因在于手机是背光背光的，
backlighting:背光
So this is just a mechanical engineering sort of embodiment of it for you to play with.
这只是一个它模型，供大家把玩一下。
it:它
oh, simulcast. Sorry! I forgot. I forgot. OK, so wherever the camera is --
哦，同时 simulcast。抱歉，我忘了。好的，摄像机在哪儿呢？
simulcast:simulcast
but that it could transform and be into an electronic book.
而是可以变换一下，变成一部电子书。
transform:变换
"I'm going to teach you about time and space in the future."
“我来教你未来的未来和空间问题。”
future:未来
and yet only three percent of the world's health care workers.
但是,却仅有3%的医护人员在这里照顾.
care:照顾
explain the results, dispense a single dose of the drug, Nevirapine,
解释检测结果, 配一剂剂量- Nevirapine,
dose:剂量
unless she brings the father of the baby with her --
除非, 她将宝贝的父亲也一并带来.
baby:宝贝
But in the end, it comes down to how we interpret the world
但最终，还是要归结于我们如何解释这个世界
interpret:解释
where pigs rolled in mud and cows grazed on grass all day.
那里整天有在泥浆里打滚的猪和遍地吃草的草的牛。
grazed:吃草的
If any of you have sensitive stomachs or are feeling queasy,
如果你们有恶心头晕的话，
have:有
And if the -- if the conference is anywhere near this distressing,
如果明年的会议与今年的压抑程度相当，
conference:会议
Let me turn the trails on, so you can see that a little bit better.
我来打开追踪追踪，这样你们能看得更清楚一些。
trails:追踪
And then of course, we wanted to have the simulcast lounge,
然后，我们还要有电视 simulcast大厅，
simulcast:simulcast
is going to rise 20 feet and flood the hell out of the convention center.
将上升20英尺（1英尺=30.48 厘米）公约中心将完全被淹没。
convention:公约
pick up your white piece of paper. Does everybody have their white piece of paper?
拿起你们的白纸。白色没有白纸吗？
white:白色
pick up your white piece of paper. Does everybody have their white piece of paper?
拿起你们的白纸。有没有白纸吗？
have:有
pick up your white piece of paper. Does everybody have their white piece of paper?
拿起你们的白纸。白色没有白纸吗？
white:白色
So I'm going to try and do this while reciting pi.
所以我将要一边背诵圆周率一边这样背诵。
reciting:背诵
But before I do, I just want you to ponder this graph for a moment.
不过在此之前，我只想请大家仔细思考这个图表。
ponder:思考
The Phoenix Islands and all the equatorial parts of our planet
菲尼克斯群岛和島嶼上其他赤道部分
Islands:島嶼
The peaks that don't come out of the water are the seamounts.
顶峰没有浮出水面的是海底海山。
seamounts:海山
Remember, a seamount turns into an island when it hits the surface.
记得，当一个海底海山的顶峰高出水面时它就变成一个岛屿。
seamount:海山
or it was hard to find a time and a place, and it took a while,
或者是因为确定一个见面的同时和地点比较困难，也花了不少同时，
while:同时
situated somewhere here -- right in there between Delight and Bliss.
位于喜悦与极乐之间。
Delight:喜悦
And they interestingly sectioned the exhibit off into four different areas.
有趣的是，他们将展览分开了四个不同的区域。
sectioned:分开
And, you know, my studio -- we've done it all the time.
并且你知道，我的设计工作室室--我们一直致力于这方面的工作室。
studio:工作室
or within the movie industry, "happy" has gotten such a bad reputation that
或者在电影界，就是“快乐”拥有一个非常不好的名誉，以至于
reputation:名誉
This is at P.S. 1 -- a sculpture that's basically a square room
这位于P.S.1--一个基于一个四角形房间的雕塑，
square:四角形
You're just in there, watching the incredible, subtle changes of color in the sky.
你就站在那里面，监视这不可思议的，微妙的天空色彩变化。
watching:监视
And there's a very strong message in there that when you start abusing your stone,
这消息了一个很重要的信息：一旦你开始滥用宝石，
message:消息
I came home to my wife and I said, "I created a character after you."
我有次来了告诉我妻子：“我按照你的形象创造了一个主角。”
came:来了
and I was waiting by the coffee for the right journalist.
当时我边咖啡边物色合适的报社记者。
coffee:咖啡
He said, "Thank you. We had a baby." I said, "Congratulations."
他说：“谢谢。我们的宝贝刚出生。” 我说：“恭喜啊。”
baby:宝贝
The bad news is they were all photocopies, so we didn't make a dime in revenue.
坏消息是，他们的书都是影印的，所以我们一分钱都没进帐。
photocopies:影印
is that I gave a lecture at the medical school at Kuwait University,
我在科威特大学的医学院做了一次讲课－
lecture:讲课
And the first one was about a group called The Party of God,
第一篇文章是关于一个叫做The Party of God的聚会，
Party:聚会
he was out in the yard playing in his playhouse. And I was in my office working,
他在院子里玩他的戏院房子。而我正在书房里工作。
playhouse:戏院
and he came in, "Baba, I want you to come with me. I want my toy."
他来了来，“爸爸，你跟我过来一下。我想要我的玩具。”
came:来了
and what I love is finding hidden patterns; I love being a data detective.
我最喜欢的是发现隐藏着的规律. 我喜欢做个数据侦探.
finding:发现
See this line, this is a landscape for violent video games.
看这条线．这是暴力视频游戏的＂景观＂．
landscape:景观
And that little square in the corner, a naught .7 percent,
那角落里小小的四角形，占百分之0.7的比例，
square:四角形
And that little square in the corner, a naught .7 percent,
那角落里小小的正方形，占百分之0.7的百分比，
percent:百分比
because I had a book of 250 visualizations to do for my book,
因为我的书需要250个可视化视觉化
visualizations:视觉化
New evidence comes out. I just change a row on a spreadsheet.
如果新的证据出现了－－我只需要在表格里改排列．
row:排列
The fragrance that you will smell, you will never be able to smell this way again.
一会你们将芳香一款香水 它会带给你们绝无仅有的体验
fragrance:芳香
You really don't want to leave it if you want to have a career in perfumery.
如果你想从事香水业业 你一定不想离开这个地方
perfumery:香水业
that you閳ユ獧e going to smell in real life, from coffee to fragrance, are made of.
从咖啡到香水 现实生活中你所能芳香的一切
fragrance:芳香
the cut-grass green, what we call in perfumery -- they閳ユ獧e weird terms --
用香水业专有名词说 就是割下来青草的香味 听起来很奇怪
perfumery:香水业
We have to go a little beyond that. Now let me explain why vibrational theory has
我们需要进一步深入 现在我来理论
theory:理论
that you should be looking for a particular fact, which is this:
你应该寻找一个独特的特别 特别是:
particular:特别
the best job in the entire universe, which is to put my hobby --
我认为全宇宙最好的工作 也就是我的嗜好所在-
hobby:嗜好
Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about.
就是Tosh.0（电视节目）选了它，很多部落格也争相讨论。
picked:选
Why do they do that? Why do old ladies go to those hair shops,
她们做什么呢？为什么这些老女士去发店，
ladies:女士
I wined them and dined them, like pigs in a sty.
我获胜吃饭，就像猪圈中的猪一样。
wined:获胜
And we can bring all this information into big GIS packages, today.
如今我们可以把这些信息放到地理资源系统（GIS）中带来分析。
bring:带来
And we dug up giant tortoises, and elephants and things like that.
我们还挖出了巨星海龟，大象骨骸这样类似的东西。
tortoises:海龟
and found that small piece of his skull lying on the surface
发现一小块头颅頭顱骨露在表面
skull:頭顱骨
And one day, a couple of weeks later, it might have been
几个星期后的有一天，或许已经过了一年了
have:有
just like when you throw a log on a campfire and the embers swirl up off the campfire,
这些火光就像你把一根日志扔进篝火中，火花四溅，
log:日志
and then extract the XYZ coordinate of the initial impact point.
并提取原始碰撞然后的立体坐标。
then:然后
And a lot of animals will use their bioluminescence as a lure.
其实很多生物都用它们的生物性光来诱人猎物。
lure:诱人
that allows us to bring it up in really pristine condition,
这个装置能让我们捕获最原始条件的水母，
condition:条件
And I defy you to name any other branch of science
我不认为任何其他的科学研究科学
science:科学
there were a lot of trials and tribulations getting this working.
我们经历了许多审判和失败，才得以研究出这种符合条件的光。
trials:审判
I could not have asked for a better proof of concept.
这是我能得到的最好的证明，来说明我的研究方法是正确的。
proof:证明
But today what I'd like to talk to you about is that love of form
但是今天我想要讲的是我对如的爱好，
like:如
or any of that superficial rubbish that you see coming out as design.
或那些被「设计」出来的肤浅的垃圾。
rubbish:垃圾
into products that we use everyday and relate beautifully and naturally with.
醉心于将我们每日使用的产品与美及自然连结在一起。
products:产品
It shows how observation, curiosity and instinct work to create amazing art.
它显示了观察、好奇及直觉如何艺术出神奇的艺术。
art:艺术
This is a scan through the human forearm. It's then blown up through
这是人类前臂的扫描。然后利用快速成型它放大
It:它
This is a detail of a chair that I've designed in magnesium.
这是我设计的镁镁椅子的细部。
magnesium:镁
It shows this interlocution of elements and the beauty of kind of engineering
这显示了多个要素的对话, 以及它
It:它
It shows how you make one holistic form, like the car industry,
这说明你如何创作一个整体的做，如汽车业，
make:做
It shows how you make one holistic form, like the car industry,
这说明你如何创作一个整体的如，如汽车业，
like:如
It's an absolutely fat-free design, and when you look at it,
这绝对是一个脂肪的设计，当你看着它时，
fat:脂肪
We need to be in that realm. I want to do stuff like that.
我们需要这样的领土。我要做这样的东西。
realm:领土
This is what goes on in my studio everyday. I walk -- I'm traveling. I come back.
这些事每天都发生在我的工作室。我走开 -- 我去散步。我回来。
walk:散步
You drive on to a proboscis. You get out. It lifts you up.
你开到某个地点。你下车。它升降机你升起。
lifts:升降机
I hit my head on my desk. I broke my cheekbone,
头撞在了办公桌上，下颌骨也骨折了，
desk:办公桌
Because no one will want to take the risk of a lawsuit.
因为没有人愿意担着被起诉的风险。
risk:风险
As you're going down, and walking down the sidewalk during the day,
你在大白天的大马路上行人道
sidewalk:行人道
about to hit us, and if you get under your desk,
如果你趴在办公桌底下
desk:办公桌
do you think ever had a bomb shelter in their house?
曾经在他们的房子下面避难所一个防空洞呢？
shelter:避难所
And he was like, "My God, what kind of a life form is that?"
人们会说“天哪，这是什么生命如啊？”
like:如
what are these building blocks, like the alphabet, elements that I showed you?
组成的基本单位是什么，就像我展示给你的字母表，我一样？
I:我
I just want to assure you that none of my wishes will include a hot tub.
但我的希望并不包括按摩浴缸。
wishes:希望
If you wanted to make a film, you needed a mass of equipment
如果要电影电影，你需要大量的器材
film:电影
They don't feel the push from the ground, is the truth.
真话是，基层没有让他们感受到压力。
truth:真话
I should add that this started out as a much longer list of wishes.
必须让你们知道，我的希望清单原本长许多。
wishes:希望
We have a film, produced by Jon Kamen at Radical Media.
我们有个影片，由 激进媒体 的 乔恩·卡门 电影。
film:电影
And that is my third and final wish for you at the TED conference.
那是我的第三个希望，也是我在 TED 会议最后的一个希望。
wish:希望
In "All Shook Up," a touch is not a touch, but a chill.
在《神魂颠倒》中，触摸不再是触摸，而是冷却。
chill:冷却
if we keep on building things that consume so much energy
如果我们继续进行建筑那么多的能源消耗的事情，
building:建筑
And he ended up writing about a story that even surprised me --
但他后来的纪录片故事让我都大吃一惊——
story:故事
when I found out I was pregnant and the first scan revealed that my baby had a birth defect associated with exposure to estrogenic chemicals in the womb.
我知道怀孕后做的出生扫描就显示我的宝宝有先天性缺陷，是与子宫里的含雌性激素的化学成分有关。
birth:出生
I couldn't walk up a small hill. I couldn't climb a flight of stairs.
我无法走上小攀登，我无法爬楼梯，
climb:攀登
I had to say goodbye in some way, shape or form.
无论如何病重与否，我需要去再见。
goodbye:再见
telling my surgeon that I needed to see my mother again,
告诉我的外科医生，我需要再见我妈妈一面，
surgeon:外科医生
but they knew that it was much better for me to do that
但是他们知道我这样做我自己会感觉更好很多
better:更好
Plastic is not purified by the re-melting process like glass and metal.
与玻璃和再不同，塑料不能通过再熔化进行提炼
re:再
In recent historic times, about 96 percent of the Coast Redwood forest
在近代历史时间，96%的海岸红杉林木
times:时间
I'm going to ask you to imagine what a Redwood really is as a living organism.
让你们去想象一下，一棵红杉去一个生命体究竟是什么东西
going:去
and you can sit there and snack on the berries while you're resting.
当你休息的同时，你可以坐在那，品尝这些浆果。
while:同时
the last fragments of primeval rainforest east of the Mississippi River.
密西西比河东部原始雨林的最后碎片。
fragments:碎片
and the brevity of human life -- the necessity to love.
以及人类生命的短暂——它告诉我们爱的必要性。
necessity:必要性
And at least for me, personally, the trees have taught me
而对我有来说，这些树木至少教会了我
have:有
and you put these two together, that's the controlling influence in Iran.
把这两块放在一起，他们便成了控制伊朗的主流影响
influence:影响
That's what I've done for 30 years. I get the phone call
那就是我30年来的工作。比如说，我会接到一个呼叫
call:呼叫
which almost everything that's run is mastered to an amazing extent.
人们在几乎任何方面，把这门课程掌握到近乎完美的范围。
extent:范围
Zero to 10. How high? 10. How certain am I that
从0到10，代表不同高。这有多么刺激？10。我有多么确定
high:高
but my father was totally messed up. My mom was letting him know
但我的父亲却酩酊大醉。我的妈妈让他知道
mom:妈妈
if he climbed through those caves. Are you driven by significance
他就不可能是确定性的狂热追求者。你是被意义，还是爱，所驱动？
significance:意义
the same needs of significance, right? They want to honor God
同样的对意义的需求，不是吗？他们想要追寻上帝
significance:意义
She said, "It's over." When I finished that night, she called him
她回答：“已经完成了” 当我完成那晚的课程，她给他打电话、留言，
finished:完成
"All I can say to you is, this must be God's message to you,
“我只能跟你说，这一定是上天给你消息的信息”
message:消息
And I took the group and got people to focus on:
我让所有学员集中注意力他们的注意力，
focus:集中注意力
each and every day, without so much as a coffee break.
连咖啡的时间都没有。
coffee:咖啡
that NBC parodied it on the season finale of "The Office,"
NBC在当季的”The Office"的最后中模仿它。
finale:最后
This grid is then said to represent the picture of the world's feelings
这个照片然后就代表了
then:然后
The rainy ones fall down as if they're in a rainstorm,
象征暴风雨情绪的粒子坠落下来，就像是在下暴雨。
rainstorm:暴风雨
And this is a technique that I usually prefer in my work
这是我在工作中通常偏好用的一种技术，
prefer:偏好
and Many Voices, which splits the data out into film strips
另一个模式叫“大众声”，把数据分割显示成电影胶片一样，
Voices:声
You know: weddings, births, funerals, the first car, the first kiss,
比如：婚礼，生小孩，送葬，第一辆汽车，出生，
births:出生
of the great Greek myths playing out in the sky overhead every night.
天空中每天晚上发生的神话有了更多了解。
myths:神话
And you'll see that it leads with a shifting star field,
你可以看到它有一个变换的星盘，
shifting:变换
and here is a few of the latest ones from the vendors --
这是供应商最新推出的产品--
vendors:供应商
This is a data set that was captured using a CT scanner.
这是一组由CT机数据的数据。
data:数据
This is a data set that was captured using a CT scanner.
这是一组由CT机设置的数据。
set:设置
if you actually have to dig through the body to find these fragments,
想要翻遍身体各个碎片去寻找那些碎片，
fragments:碎片
So it gained some traction, and we're trying to roll this out
它引起了不小的轰动，我们也在努力推广这个它，
it:它
So I could present things to him while he's in the scanner.
当他在受扫描的现在，我可以给他展示图像。
present:现在
So I could present things to him while he's in the scanner.
当他在受扫描的同时，我可以给他展示图像。
while:同时
The signal is really deep inside of the brain as well,
尽管信号处在大脑的深层里面，
inside:里面
When they were released, we left and we went as refugees to Kenya and Tanzania.
当他们被释放以后，我们离开南非难民到肯尼亚和坦桑尼亚
refugees:难民
And you know what it was? Shakespeare." And he recited some to me.
“你知道是什么背诵？莎士比亚。”他还给我背诵了几段。
recited:背诵
to tell this theory, apart from the inflationary explanation that I told you before.
来理论这种理论，除了我刚才讲过的膨胀理论方法。
theory:理论
on a map, but scale the area according to some quantity.
不过地区的比例则是根据一些尺度来确定。
scale:尺度
And while I was busy working -- I was working on these colliding worlds, in the day.
在我忙于工作的同时——我在研究这个碰撞的模型，整天同时。
while:同时
And while I was busy working -- I was working on these colliding worlds, in the day.
在我忙于很忙的同时——我在研究这个碰撞的模型，整天时间。
busy:很忙
We illustrate AIMS' progress by coloring in the countries of Africa.
我们用为国家标注不同颜色的方法展示AIMS的进展进度。
progress:进展
Well, it's not my TED wish; it's our wish, as you've already gathered.
它不是我的TED希望；是我们的，大家应该已经猜出来了。
wish:希望
Well, it's not my TED wish; it's our wish, as you've already gathered.
它不是我的TED希望；是我们的，大家应该已经猜出来了。
wish:希望
Let me just end by saying that this is what happens
让我这么说吧，作为这次说的结束，这就是
saying:说
that will generate thought, imagination, be creative and things like that.
这种电脑将产生思想，具有想象力，充满想象力，以及诸如此类的能力。
imagination:想象力
but it also gives us the key elements for the proof of a black hole.
同时还带给我们黑洞存在证明的关键要素。
proof:证明
With this technology all of a sudden you can see it.
技术这项技术我们可以突然的看到它们
technology:技术
With this technology all of a sudden you can see it.
应用这项它我们可以突然的看到它们
it:它
this is about as good as we're going to do with today's technology,
我曾经想过这一切都关于我们如何更好的技术现有的科技手段
technology:技术
So this is the equivalent for a kite flier of peeing in the snow --
这样的话，这样放风筝就像在雪地里尿一样。
peeing:尿
Prior to World War II, they were making 1000 planes a year.
在二战之前，他们每年制造1000架飞机。
making:制造
It's the crowd that shines the light and fuels the desire,
是人群为创新者闪光了聚光灯，助长了后者创新的欲望
shines:闪光
and to help shine a light on the very best of what's out there.
帮助闪光那些最棒的东西
shine:闪光
and he's widely considered one of the greatest pianists of all time.
他被广泛考虑有史以来最伟大的钢琴家之一
considered:考虑
While you're pushing the clock, there's a few rules to obey.
当你卡着表漫谈的期间，你要遵守几条规矩
While:期间
where the reputation of politics, with the expenses scandal, has sunk so low.
在这个政客的名誉因为开支丑闻降到如此之低的国家。
reputation:名誉
while it still took hours and hours and weeks and weeks to traverse your own country,
那个时候要花上数周的同时才能横越你的国家，
while:同时
And hopefully this slide is going to morph beautifully. There we are.
让这张幻灯片变形一下。如图所示，
morph:变形
Well I can't, in the time I've got, give huge numbers of examples,
嗯，就我所知的，我不能给出大量的时间，
time:时间
In the old days, only the government could hold the information,
在老时代，只有政府能持有这些信息，
old:老
where we, as citizens, can see what crimes are being committed --
承诺公民，我们要是看到有现场犯罪
committed:承诺
All the proof from America is that actually, if you pay people to recycle,
美国的所有证明表明，事实上，如果你付钱让人民回收利用就可以做到。
proof:证明
And he was amazed that they actually got DNA from the slime.
而且令他惊奇的是他们事实上从黏液中得到了DNA
amazed:惊奇
So we rushed out to Blasket as soon as we heard there were sharks there
所以当我们一听到在布拉斯基特群岛有姥鲨时我们立刻冲到那里匆忙
rushed:匆忙
which kind of dangle out behind the back of the shark.
一种长在姥鲨身体后方的摇摇晃晃状物
dangle:摇摇晃晃
we said, "Wait at home in the dormitories. The study will begin Sunday."
"在家等着，实验在星期天开始。"
home:家
James Schlesinger -- and I'm going to have to end with this -- says,
我以詹姆斯·施莱辛格的话去结束，
going:去
That's a decision that you have to make. That's a personal thing.
这是一个你必须作出的决定。是有层面的。
have:有
can inspire the heroic imagination in others. It's the same situation.
也可以激励另外一些人内心的英雄想象。情境是同样的情境。
inspire:激励
that I'm working with Matt Langdon -- he has a hero workshop --
我正与马特·郎登从事这项工房——他有一个英雄工房坊——
workshop:工房
Wesley and the guy -- 20 and a half inches height.
韦斯利和那个男士摞起来高20.5英寸。
guy:男士
who say, "I Googled Jessica Simpson and stumbled on your site.
“我在谷歌杰西卡·辛普森时, 碰巧进到你们的网站。
Googled:谷歌
This is the term that armies use when they've lost a battle.
这个期限通常是军队在打了败仗之后才用的。
term:期限
Would you make more time for those people? Would you prioritize?
这样你会花更多的时间与那些人在一起么？你会对他们的重要性进行优先考虑么？
prioritize:优先考虑
where you work hard, play hard, you gotta be the best, you gotta be the best.
在这种环境中，需要最好的工作、不择手段、必须做到最好、必须做到最好。
best:最好的
where you work hard, play hard, you gotta be the best, you gotta be the best.
在这种环境中，需要最好的工作、不择手段、必须做到最好、必须做到最好。
best:最好的
Now listen, I wasn't going to say to him, "Well, I wanted to race cars and motorbikes."
听我说，我还不打算告诉他，“嗯，我想开车和骑摩托车。”
motorbikes:摩托车
And it doesn't matter whether I'm a boy or a girl, I'm just going to scoot.
无论我是男是女孩，我就是要去试试。
girl:女孩
And I sprinted home, and I didn't fall, and I didn't crash.
我奋力快跑回家，没有摔倒，没有撞到什么东西。
sprinted:快跑
it is the dwelling place of our civilization and our civic life,
文明文明在那儿继续，市民生活在那里进行，
civilization:文明
that are not worth caring about in the United States today.
不值得我们关心
caring:关心
That -- that is the message of this form of architecture.
那就是这个建筑外观消息的讯息
message:消息
in fact, this pattern of building downtown blocks, all over the world, is fairly universal.
实际上，建筑市中心街区的模式是相当全球性的
building:建筑
buildings more than one story high, built out to the sidewalk edge,
多层、高层建筑物筑建筑物在人行道边上
buildings:建筑物
You make provision for this activity called shopping on the ground floor.
在一层为一种叫“购物”的活动提供提供
provision:提供
Anyway, this is how you compose and assemble a downtown business building,
总之，这就是如何建筑和展示市中心商业楼的方法
building:建筑
and then to make ourselves feel better, we put a nature Band-Aid in front of it.
为了让自己感觉好然后，我们再在前面贴上一条天然创口贴
then:然后
and then to make ourselves feel better, we put a nature Band-Aid in front of it.
为了让自己感觉更好点儿，我们再在前面贴上一条天然创口贴
better:更好
And these are typically the kind of dwellings we find there, you know.
这些就是我们能在市郊找到的典型房屋
dwellings:房屋
the front, which is really a cartoon of a facade of a house.
前面，其实是漫画般的房子的外墙
facade:外墙
that they would snatch a motorist off the street and eat his liver.
他们就会把一个过路车手拽下车，吃了他的肝脏。
motorist:车手
- the period that will be characterized by the end of the cheap oil era.
——这个时代的特征将是低价石油时代的终结
era:时代
We're going to have to re-learn what the building blocks of these things are:
我们必须重新学习建筑这样的地方的基本组成部分
building:建筑
and returning to the building lot as the normal increment of development.
还原以建筑块为单位的正常发展建筑
building:建筑
Please go out and do what you can to make this a land full of places that are worth caring about
请在外面的世界做你力所能及的事情，将这里变得值得关心
caring:关心
touch a special surface to make melodies, use your voice to make a whole aura.
通过触摸特制的表面来产生美妙的旋律，还可以用自己的声音来营造某种氛围。
melodies:旋律
incredibly powerful effects that music has had on peoples' lives in unusual situations.
那就是音乐在非常情况下的人身上（残疾／重症病人），所能发生的不可思议的效应。
situations:情况
I think even more than words, is one of the very best ways we have
是比词汇更好的展示自我的方式。
words:词汇
I'd be able to show things about myself that I can't tell you in words,
我就能展现无法用词汇描述的一面，
words:词汇
They observe the action. We've designed these square robots that we're testing right now
他们观察舞台上的一举一动。我们在实验室里设计和测试了这些四角形的
square:四角形
And then they can also, when you snap, line up exactly the way you'd like to.
如果你打个指响，他们也会如你所愿，如整齐的一行。
like:如
This is by far the farthest he's strayed from Tewksbury Hospital, I can tell you that,
我要告诉大家：这是迄今为止，他离开医院迷路旅行距离最远的一次。
strayed:迷路
This is by far the farthest he's strayed from Tewksbury Hospital, I can tell you that,
我要告诉大家：这是迄今为止，他离开医院外出迷路距离最远的一次。
strayed:迷路
So he can go in Hyperscore. You start out by making melodies and rhythms.
他使用了软件，从旋律和旋律开始，
melodies:旋律
Each one gets a color. He goes back into the composition window,
每个他都有色彩，回到编曲窗口，
He:他
you can see it also, you can see where the sections are,
看着“超级分段”，
sections:分段
the camera tracing, we turned it into a graphic that shows you the basic
我们把采集的数据转化成了图形，
graphic:图形
putting the life of every single person on the ship at risk
置全船人的风险于不顾
risk:风险
"Well, I guess at some point the rehearsal has to end."
“好吧，试演总有结束的时候”
rehearsal:试演
or not bringing junk food into the house so you won't eat it
不把垃圾食品吃而减少摄入
eat:吃
who said some words that were inspiring to my coauthors and I.
他说了一些词汇对我和我的合作者很有启发
words:词汇
There are applications you can get on smartphones for just a few dollars
只要应用智能手机下载几美元的应应用程度
applications:应用
Biodiversity, the living fabric of this planet, is not a gas.
作为这个星球的生命构造，生物生物多样性并不是凭空存在的。
Biodiversity:生物多样性
It's a massive store of carbon, it's an amazing store of biodiversity,
它是巨大的碳储藏室，是让人叹为观止的生物生物多样性储藏室，
biodiversity:生物多样性
Well here a picture of something called the mean species abundance.
这里有幅被称为“中等物种充足性”的图。
mean:中等
In fact, this was what really inspired my interest in this phase.
事实上，这一观点受到启发了我此阶段的兴趣所在。
inspired:受到启发
And I'm delighted that the Institute of Chartered Accountants in the U.K.
很高兴，英国的特许会计师研究所
Institute:研究所
You could do a one loop diagram. Don't worry about one loop.
你可以画一圈一个　一圈一个不是问题
one:一个
You could do a one loop diagram. Don't worry about one loop.
你可以画一圈一个　一圈一个不是问题
one:一个
One loop, two loops -- maybe you could do a three loop diagram,
一圈一个 二圈一个 也许你能画得出三圈一个
One:一个
One loop, two loops -- maybe you could do a three loop diagram,
一圈两 二圈两 也许你能画得出三圈两
two:两
One loop, two loops -- maybe you could do a three loop diagram,
一圈三个 二圈三个 也许你能画得出三圈三个
three:三个
So despite the provocative title, this presentation is really about safety
因此，尽管这个头衔看上去有些触目惊心，
title:头衔
Learning to control one of the most elemental forces in nature
学会如何控制自然界中这一最基本的控制
control:控制
to get sort of the sense that they can take things apart,
孩子们可以形成这样一种感觉，
sense:感觉
This is one of the seven surviving Sputniks that was not launched into space.
这是未被发射到太空的七个剩余史普尼克号中的一个
Sputniks:史普尼克号
all of a sudden as it is ready, the world is ready to accept it.
当这项它成熟了，这个世界也就准备好了接受
it:它
all of a sudden as it is ready, the world is ready to accept it.
当这项它成熟了，这个世界也就准备好了接受
it:它
We put it on a turret with a camera, so that when they shoot at you,
我们通过一个照相机把它安装在塔塔上，因此当恐怖分子对你射击时
turret:塔塔
Big mistake: it just sold for 80 million dollars two years ago.
算盘打错了：两年前 这个它的转让费用是八千万美元
it:它
And my dad died before he realized anybody in the family
我的爸爸在他可以看到这个家庭
dad:爸爸
And later in a lecture that he gave on clean energy,
之后在一次关于清洁能源的讲课中，
lecture:讲课
and use as a way of getting electrons through the device.
并获得通过设备收集电子的一种方式。
getting:获得
but to be in deep thought about a problem and really consider a problem carefully,
但是如果想要深入、仔细的考虑，
consider:考虑
and it's not just that you can work while you're sleeping
不是因为睡觉的同时无法工作
while:同时
and it's not just that you can work while you're sleeping
不是因为睡着的时候无法工作
sleeping:睡着
It just takes a while. You've got to go through these phases and stuff,
这是需要同时的，一个阶段一个阶段的慢慢来。
while:同时
while you're actually trying to do something they're paying you to do,
当你正在努力完成他们分配的任务的同时，
while:同时
But what's even worse is the thing that managers do most of all,
但是还有比这更更糟的呢，
worse:更糟
we're going to bring 10 people together right now and have a meeting.
我们现在要召集10有开会。
have:有
tapping people on the shoulder, saying hi to them, having meetings,
拍拍他们的肩膀，说你好，包括开会的主动交流，
saying:说
And it turns out, from our research, that it boils down to survival --
我们的调研表明，这些物品是可以拯救你生存的
survival:生存
you can transcend space by simply making a voice call, right?
你可以通过打个呼叫来超越距离感
call:呼叫
OK, now, that sounds like something you get on a Chinese fortune cookie, right?
这听上去是不是有点好笑就是中国的幸运饼干？
cookie:饼干
you wouldn't pay for someone to go to the cinema for you and have fun on your behalf,
你不会叫有替你去电影院看电影
have:有
That these clogged arteries that you see on the upper left,
大家可以看到，幻灯片左上角显示的是被封锁了的动脉，
clogged:封锁
but the kiss that's being documented kind of looks like it sucks.
但是这个被有文件的的吻看着总觉得并不甜蜜。
documented:有文件的
The percentage of working families without health care up by four percent.
没有医疗保险的工薪家庭百分比上升了百分之四。
percentage:百分比
The percentage of working families without health care up by four percent.
没有医疗保险的工薪家庭百分比上升了百分之四。
percent:百分比
but to do it in a way that would either use
而开展这些使用的方式则是通过将我们已有的各项技能
use:使用
are the absence of systems necessary to diagnose, treat and care
那就是体制的欠缺。我们缺席一个可以诊察、治疗、运送药物
absence:缺席
and other dangerous content of food going to our children in the schools.
卡路里的含量以及其他不健康的食物。
food:食物
the most important slide in the Gore lecture is the last one,
戈尔的整个讲课中最重要的一张幻灯片是最后一张，
lecture:讲课
Now we have taken on a second thing, and this gets to my wish.
而我们正在做的另一件事情是和我的希望相关的。
wish:希望
and will give birth for the first time within an organized healthcare system.
并将出生在一个有组织的医疗体系下分娩。
birth:出生
43 percent of the children in need of an infant feeding program
43%需要婴儿哺育计划来防止营养不良和早死的婴儿
infant:婴儿
And the Balinese carpenters want to be as modern as we do,
巴厘岛的木匠想和我们一样现代化,
carpenters:木匠
So Chaz suggested finding a company that could make a customized voice
因此查兹建议去发现公司
finding:发现
? Am I to break into the song like the blues man or troubadour. ?
我开始像蓝调龙巴杜尔或游吟诗人一样歌唱
troubadour:龙巴杜尔
I came to London, and I've seen performance by Cirque du Soleil.
我来了了伦敦，欣赏到太阳马戏团的表演。
came:来了
And I did. We started to redesign them, one by one.
于是我就开始了，一份一份的重新重新设计他们。
redesign:重新设计
I'm not going to tell you stories about teamwork or cooperation.
我不会跟你们说什么团队团队合作之类的故事，
teamwork:团队合作
What really makes it amazing: that the circulation of these newspapers
不过真正令人令人惊奇的是，这些获奖的报纸的发行量
amazing:令人惊奇
I came home from work, put a leash on my dog
我下班来了，给我的狗带上遛狗绳
came:来了
to open up my airway so that I could get some air in there.
打开了我的空气使我能吸入一些空气
air:空气
Now, I'm a great believer that mathematics is not a spectator sport,
现在，我十分相信数学不是观众的运动，
spectator:观众
but the number, the abstract idea of the number, is the same.
但是数字，数字的抽象的抽象，都是一样的。
abstract:抽象
Rather than you all shouting out, I want you to count how many digits there are
而不是大家都喊出来，我想让你们数数有多少位计数
count:计数
Like, they're very kind of -- they don't go as deep or as emotionally engaging as they possibly could be
比如，电脑界面缺乏应有的深度，也难以参与人的情绪。
engaging:参与
you know, but really it's the kind of same old crap we've had for the last,
不过，实际上，这仍然是老用过的旧破烂，
old:老
I just toss it to the pile, and it's added right to the top. It's a kind of nice way.
我只需要把它投掷过去，这样就能把它摞到上面了。这办法挺不错的。
toss:投掷
So it's cute, but it's also like a subtle channel of conveying information, right?
很好玩吧。不过这也是一种巧妙地频道的方式。
channel:频道
I think it applies to more than just icons and your desktop -- but browsing photographs.
我觉得可以把它用到图标以外的其他我上──比如浏览照片。
I:我
much better -- better than traffic lights, better than four-way stop signs.
这些环状交叉路可比信号灯和指示牌更好多了
better:更好
much better -- better than traffic lights, better than four-way stop signs.
这些环状交叉路可比信号灯和指示牌更好多了
better:更好
much better -- better than traffic lights, better than four-way stop signs.
这些环状交叉路可比信号灯和指示牌更好多了
better:更好
where is the cancer and what the surgeon needs to do
肿瘤在哪里，手术外科医生需要做什么，
surgeon:外科医生
If we could activate cells, we could see what powers they can unleash,
如果我们能激活细胞，我们就能了解它们能解开哪种能量
unleash:解开
that you can use to activate, in animal models for example,
以此来使用，比如说动物的细胞
use:使用
We had a two-and-a-half-day-old baby in the house that was ours --
那时我们家刚有一个出生2天半的婴儿。这当然是我们的宝贝，
baby:宝贝
were those that enable 50,000 people to live in two buildings
就是建筑物出2栋可以同时容纳五万人
buildings:建筑物
And I walked out, and this really miraculous thing happened to me
我行走后发现了巨神奇的事情，
walked:行走
which is it often comes back with news that a lot of people are searching
就是通过它得到的新闻往往都是众人都在搜索
news:新闻
that are sending kind of trace dyes through that whole bloodstream --
也可以释放类似于染色原料在血流循环系统中，去追踪和分析趋势。
bloodstream:血流
So the most wonderful thing, I think, about this whole debate
所以关于这场辩论，最爽的事情
debate:辩论
in which we design, we, in a way, need to go to the primordial condition
事物的基本状态，我们有必要回到原始需要
need:需要
in which we design, we, in a way, need to go to the primordial condition
事物的基本条件，我们有必要回到原始条件
condition:条件
There is an infinite game, and we're playing in that infinite game.
是个无止境的赛局，我们在那儿在这个无止境的赛局中。
There:在那儿
This is a baby blanket by Pendleton that will give your child nutrition
这是Pendleton 公司的婴儿毯，它给你的宝贝养分
baby:宝贝
The building on my right, which is our corporate campus for The Gap
右边的建筑筑是我们为 The Gap 公司建筑的企业园区，
building:建筑
with an ancient meadow, is an asset -- its nesting grounds.
屋顶上有原始的牧草地，将会成为我的是一项资产 — 筑巢的好地方。
meadow:牧草地
this is the highest biodiversity of trees in the world, Irian Jaya,
这是世界上最具生物多样性的树林，伊利安查亚，
biodiversity:生物多样性
and someday the FDA will allow us to make French cheese.
有一天食品药物局将允许我们做法做奶酪。
make:做
We're building a new city next to this city; look at that landscape.
我们要在这个城市旁建筑一个新城市；看看景观。
building:建筑
The waters are all taken in to construct the wetlands for habitat restorations.
水全部取来建构湿地被采纳栖地重建。
taken:被采纳
It's a standard template by which we're going to hang the rest of this data.
它是一个标准的模板，通过它我们可以留住其他的数据。
template:模板
and you have a budget to spend. You want to spend it on the poor:
你有个花钱的预算 你想把钱用在帮助希望上
want:希望
And maybe when you get there, what you find is this:
或许当你到达免疫在那儿时 你会发现
there:在那儿
On the other hand, if your problem is you tend to postpone,
另一方面 如果你的问题是你老是推迟，
postpone:推迟
to carry the goods on the horse carts, on the ground,
用马车在路上承载货物吗？
carry:承载
you can save a life for 300 dollars per life saved.
你可以用300美元保存一条生命
saved:保存
OK, I want you to pinch right here with two fingers and your thumb.
好吧, 我要你用两个拇指和拇指捏着这儿.
thumb:拇指
it might take a while -- drop it into the glass.
可能需要一些同时 -- 放进瓶子里.
while:同时
Tell Mike I said hello, the next time you see him.
下次你见到Mike的时候给我带个你好.
hello:你好
So taking on Morality with a capital M is a huge project.
把整个道德转变为一个M变量，是个很艰巨的项目。
project:项目
So I ran this experiment recently for the Korean Broadcasting System.
我最近为韩国广播系统做了这样一个实验。
Broadcasting:广播
Of course, if you don't like to touch people, I can always shove this up your nose.
当然了，如果你不喜欢和他人肢体触摸，我也可以把这玩意儿搞到你的鼻里。
touch:触摸
and my aim, really, is to teach the world to listen.
事实上，我的目的，是让世界学会聆听
aim:目的
and it's amazing that when you do open your body up,
令人令人惊奇的是，当你的身体完全打开
amazing:令人惊奇
The room we happen to be in, the amplification, the quality of the instrument,
我们现在所在的房间，放大效果，乐器的音效
amplification:放大
And of course, I returned with all sorts of bruises and things like that --
当然，结果是归还的时候，我伤痕
bruises:伤痕
when we are dealing with being a percussion player, as opposed to a musician,
作为一个打击乐演奏家，而并非敲击家，当我们处理敲击的时候
percussion:敲击
when we are dealing with being a percussion player, as opposed to a musician,
作为一个打击乐音乐家，而并非音乐家，当我们处理音乐的时候
musician:音乐家
And so, you know, 390 percent approval rating ain't so bad.
就因如此，你知道的，有390%的批准还真不赖。
approval:批准
CP: I got out of Mom's, and I'm back in school right now.
CP：我搬出了我妈妈的家，现在回到了学校。
Mom:妈妈
We called this bird Sinornis. It's a little bit more advanced than Archaeopteryx,
我们叫它中国辛诺里斯。它比始祖辛诺里斯要更高等一些。
Sinornis:辛诺里斯
We called this bird Sinornis. It's a little bit more advanced than Archaeopteryx,
我们叫它中国弓翼龍屬。它比始祖弓翼龍屬要更高等一些。
Archaeopteryx:弓翼龍屬
More than 100 fishponds have been built and more than 800 tons of rainbow trout are harvested every year, not only to feed the local population, but also all over China.
他们建造了100多座鱼，每年收成的虹鳟鱼超过800吨，不仅供应了当地居民，还销往全中国。
trout:鱼
Cold-water fish, such as salmon, sardine and trout, are considered healthy eating and attract high prices at market.
人们考虑例如三文鱼、沙丁鱼以及鳟鱼等冷水鱼具有很高的营养价值，在市场上售价很高。
considered:考虑
In 2001, He was invited by the Dunhuang municipal government to invest in Dunhuang, a historical city threatened by the Kumtag desert.
2001年，何延忠受敦煌城市邀请来到敦煌这座日益受到库木塔格沙漠威胁的历史名城进行投资。
city:城市
He soon invited irrigation experts and ecologists to Dunhuang to investigate the routes of the flood. A total of 13 waterways, which run more than 90 kilometers in total, were built to divert the flood.
在那之后不久，他邀请水道专家与生态学者来到敦煌，准备投资兴建泄洪渠。何延忠投资的泄洪渠共有13条水道，全长超过90公里，可以分流洪水。
waterways:水道
The waterways, built with locally sourced rocks and sand, produce clear water for fishing.
泄洪渠用当地的石头和沙子修建而成，为渔业提供了清洁的水道。
waterways:水道
The waterways, built with locally sourced rocks and sand, produce clear water for fishing.
泄洪渠用当地的石头和沙子修建建造，为渔业提供了清洁的水。
built:建造
The Chinese Academy of Sciences has established a research center in the fishing base to assist and promote the ecosystem He initiated.
中国科学院成立了渔业研究中心，协助并促进改善何延忠开始的生态系统。
initiated:开始
More than 400 people have come to work in the fishery, and more than 200 have decided to stay in the desert.
超过400人在渔场渔业，而超过200人决定扎根大漠。
fishery:渔业
As Russian President Vladimir Putin maneuvers to restore Russia's right to behave with a superpower's impunity-particularly in its own backyard-the West pushes back.
俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京竭力恢复俄罗斯超级大国免责权——尤其在自家后院——西方超级力量则迎头反击。
superpower:超级力量
Ukraine's economic performance has been so terrible and for so long that its sovereign debt issues are now considered the equivalent of junk bonds.
如今，乌克兰国债已被考虑垃圾债券。
considered:考虑
Astonished detectives who caught the lecturer and his gang dubbed him a real-life Walter White, the chemistry teacher who uses his expertise to make the purest crystal meth in the cult series.
逮捕这名老师及其团伙的警察深深的惊奇到了。他们称Jakubczyk为现实版的老白，也就是《绝命毒师》里靠专业知识制造最纯净冰毒的化学老师。
Astonished:惊奇
Astonished detectives who caught the lecturer and his gang dubbed him a real-life Walter White, the chemistry teacher who uses his expertise to make the purest crystal meth in the cult series.
逮捕这名老师及其团伙的警察深深的被捕到了。他们称Jakubczyk为现实版的老白，也就是《绝命毒师》里靠专业知识制造最纯净冰毒的化学老师。
caught:被捕
A teenage girl from Zimbabwe is rearing an abandoned baby squirrel - in her hair. Abby Putterill, 16, says Hammy, a mopane squirrel, climbed into her tied-up hair one day and decided to stay.
津巴布韦16岁女孩艾比·普达鲁尔饲养了一只被遗弃的小松鼠，这个小家伙就在艾比的头发里安了家，艾比给它攀登名哈米。艾比说，哈米和她一见如故，一下就钻进了她绑攀登的头发里赖着不走了。
climbed:攀登
The schoolgirl and her furry companion have been together for two months - and he is thriving.
艾比和她毛茸茸的小伙伴已经朝夕相处两个月了——小家伙开始繁荣的了。
thriving:繁荣的
Barring sleeping and showering, the squirrel and the schoolgirl are practically inseparable.
除了睡着和洗澡，哈米和艾比几乎形影不离。
sleeping:睡着
The identification remained controversial, partly because other men also claimed to have been the sailor in the image, but also because Life magazine, whose photographer had died years earlier, was unable to confirm that McDuffie was in fact the sailor, noting Eisenstaedt had never gotten names for those in the picture.
麦杜菲的身份仍然存在争议。一部分原因留下的还有其他人声称自己才是照片里的水手。另外，由于当时拍照的摄影师几年前已经去世而且没有记录照片主角们的名字，《生活》杂志也无法确认麦杜菲就是那个水手。
remained:留下的
The identification remained controversial, partly because other men also claimed to have been the sailor in the image, but also because Life magazine, whose photographer had died years earlier, was unable to confirm that McDuffie was in fact the sailor, noting Eisenstaedt had never gotten names for those in the picture.
麦杜菲的身份仍然生命争议。一部分原因在于还有其他人声称自己才是照片里的水手。另外，由于当时拍照的摄影师几年前已经去世而且没有记录照片主角们的名字，《生活》杂志也无法确认麦杜菲就是那个水手。
Life:生命
To this end, he and his colleagues have sequenced the DNA of both Neanderthal man and an Asian species of prehistoric human,
为了一探究竟，他和同事将穴居人和史前亚洲尼安德尔人,
Neanderthal:尼安德尔人
which is the seat of abstract reasoning and social behaviour,things that humans are particularly good at.
主管抽象思考和社交行为一类人类尤为擅长的行为。
behaviour:行为
Indeed, by comparing modern genomes with their discoveries about Neanderthals Dr Paabo's group has found that the regulatory process for one of the modules came into existence after the modern human and Neanderthal lines separated from one another, about 300,000 years ago.
的确，通过比对现代人基因组和穴居人研究成果，帕珀博士一行人已经发现了某组基因的调节过程，早在30万年前，当现代尼安德尔人从穴居人家系中分离出来时，该组基因就已存在。
Neanderthals:尼安德尔人
Indeed, by comparing modern genomes with their discoveries about Neanderthals Dr Paabo's group has found that the regulatory process for one of the modules came into existence after the modern human and Neanderthal lines separated from one another, about 300,000 years ago.
的确，通过比对现代人基因组和穴居人研究成果，帕珀博士一行人已经发现了某组基因的调节过程，早在30万年前，当现代尼安德尔人从穴居人家系中分离出来时，该组基因就已存在。
Neanderthal:尼安德尔人
It is also a technological marvel that could disrupt much of the consumer-finance industry.
它是一个可以搅扰大多数消费金融业务的它奇迹。
It:它
The Bitcoin economy keeps growing, despite the periodic disappearance of large quantities of currency in hacker heists.
尽管大量比特币在黑客抢劫中周期性消失，其经济却仍保持增长。
heists:抢劫
Bitcoin does best as a medium of exchange, thanks to its clever technical design.
比特币的最擅长的交换媒介功能要归功于其巧妙的它的设计。
its:它的
The combination of functionality and user interest means that people are finding it easier to swap coins for both goods and services and for other currencies.
比特币将系统功能性和使用者兴趣融合在一起，人们用它交换商品和服务乃至兑换其他货币变得更加便捷。
swap:交换
Even the few retailers who accept Bitcoin use other currencies as their principal accounting unit.
即使少数几个接受比特币的零售商也是在使用其他货币作为基本会计单位。
accounting:会计
But the knowledge that supply is ultimately finite is also a factor.
但公众了解比特币的最终供给量有限也是因素之一。
factor:因素
That other currencies remain the medium of account has so far been the Bitcoin economy's saving grace.
比特币经济至今仍然可取留下其他货币仍在充当记账单位。
remain:留下
For example, someone who likes to spend a lot of time sitting or lying down while watching television is sometimes called a couch potato.
比如，有人喜欢花大量同时坐下或躺下看电视，这种人就叫做“沙发土豆”。
while:同时
A couch is a piece of furniture that people sit on while watching television.
Couch是供人看电视同时坐的一种家具。
while:同时
Robert Armstrong, an artist from California, developed the term couch potato in nineteen seventy-six.
罗伯特·阿姆斯特朗是加州的一名艺术家，他于1976年发明了“沙发土豆”这个期限。
term:期限
Several years later, he listed the term as a trademark with the United States government.
几年后，他在美国政府注册了这个期限。
term:期限
American writer Alice Kahn is said to have invented the term to describe young people who spend a lot of time using computers.
据悉美国作家爱丽丝·坎发明了这个期限，用来描述那些花很多时间在电脑上的年轻人。
term:期限
Too much time inside the house using a computer or watching television can cause someone to get cabin fever.
在房间里用电脑或看电视太久会某人幽闭症(cabin fever)，
someone:某人
Cabin fever is not really a disease. However, people can experience boredom and restlessness if they spend too much time inside their homes.
幽闭症并不是真正的疾病，不过如果在房间里疾病得太久，人们会感觉厌烦和烦躁。
disease:疾病
Some insects build cocoons around themselves for protection while they grow and change.
有的昆虫在自己周围做茧，让自己在成长和改变同时得到保护。
while:同时
Some insects build cocoons around themselves for protection while they grow and change.
有的昆虫在自己周围做茧，让自己在成长和生长时得到保护。
grow:生长
Nests and cocoons provide security for wildlife. So people like the idea of nests and cocoons, too.
鸟巢和茧提供野外生活提供了安全保障，所以人们也喜欢鸟巢和做茧这样的概念。
provide:提供
Nests and cocoons provide security for wildlife. So people like the idea of nests and cocoons, too.
鸟巢和茧给野外野生动物提供了安全保障，所以人们也喜欢鸟巢和做茧这样的概念。
wildlife:野生动物
They describe people buying their first homes and filling them with many things. These people then had children.
用来描述人们购买第一套房子并添置物品，然后养儿育女。
buying:购买
“I want to cry. Finally I have returned to my motherland. It is an incredible feeling. I have been waiting for this for 23 years,”said Lozovoy.
“我想哭，终于返回自己的祖国了，很不可思议的感觉，我已经等了23年了。”
returned:返回
“Ukrainians are not going to go down without a fight. If Russia really does decide to move beyond Crimea, it is going to be bloody and the fight may be long.
“乌克兰人不会不战就投降的，如果俄罗斯真的移动得寸进尺，那么将会发生血腥场面，战争将会持续很久。
move:移动
But if Monday we announce, with the EU, a set of crippling sanctions against individuals and Russian business entities, that sends a strong message to Putin,” said Murphy.
但是如果周一我们和欧盟一起宣布针对个人和俄罗斯商务的制裁措施，那么就会向普京传递一个强有力的信号。”
business:商务
The House of Representatives approved a similar package earlier this month.
众议院于本月早些时候已批准了类似的一揽子措施。
approved:已批准
Cardinal Bergoglio of Argentina became the first Pope from Latin America.
一年前，来自阿根廷的枢機卿贝尔奥利奥成为首位来自拉丁美洲的教皇。
Cardinal:枢機卿
Italian opinion polls give Pope Francis the highest popularity rating of any recent pontiff.
在关于最近几任教皇的意大利民意调查中，教皇弗朗西斯一世民意调查榜首。
polls:民意调查
They are holding up babies, children as he moves towards them reaching out for hands to shake.
他向人群走去并握手时，他们把婴儿高高举起。
babies:婴儿
The head of the commission organizing the referendum in Crimea Mikhail Malyshev made the announcement a short time ago.
负责组织克里米亚公投的委员会主席米哈伊尔·马里森不久前宣布，
announcement:宣布
Yabroud has been a key battle ground for weeks, many of its 40,000 residents fled as the town was battered by government shelling and aerial attacks.
几周来Yabroud一直是关键战场，在该市遭到政府炮轰和空袭时，4万名居民中很多人纷纷逃离。
fled:逃离
Jose Salvador Alarenga cried as he fulfilled the promise owed for, iterating to Reselia Diaz Cueto, her son's last moments.
若泽·萨尔瓦多·阿尔瓦伦加已完成了承诺，向死者母亲讲述了同伴人生最后的时刻，然后他哭了。
fulfilled:已完成
That a region of Ukraine can't just break away from the rest of the country and become part of another one.
乌克兰的一个地区不能脱离这个国家成为成为他国的另休息。
rest:休息
For ancient humans, remaining fit enough to run after game and away from predators and enemies was vital for survival.
那些远古时代的人类，为了剩余顺利追捕到猎物并从其他猎食者的追击中逃脱，必须将身体状态始终维持在一个良好的水平。
remaining:剩余
The ferrets proved too easily distracted to walk consistently on the treadmills and were thus left to sit quietly in their cages for this part of the study.
雪貂由于太易分心，没办法让它持续在跑步机上行走，所以在进行该部分实验时它们证明留在了笼中静静地坐着。
proved:证明
Each participating animal ran for one session and walked for one other, and did so on separate days, to avoid exhaustion.
每只动物会跑一段行走一段，为了避免动物们出现筋疲力尽的情况，实验是分成几天进行的。
walked:行走
Each participating animal ran for one session and walked for one other, and did so on separate days, to avoid exhaustion.
每只动物会跑一段走一段，为了避免动物们出现疲劳的情况，实验是分成几天进行的。
exhaustion:疲劳
Dr Raichlen argues that it makes sense for ferrets not to have systems that reward cardiovascular activity, since such exercise consumes a lot of energy, may cause injury, and is not crucial to the stealthy hunting technique of sneaking down burrows and killing rabbits in their sleep.
看来雪貂体内并不存在对心血管活动进行阳性强化刺激的系统，Raichlen博士认为这对雪貂的发展同样是有意义的，要知道太剧烈的运动会消耗掉过多的能量， 甚至引发受伤，且这并非是雪貂捕猎它中的关键-它们一般只需偷偷溜进兔子窝并在兔子们熟睡时将其杀死即可。
it:它
Some frauds are committed by people at the top such as Bernard Madoff or Allen Stanford.
一些欺诈案是由Bernard Madoff或Allen Stanford这样的组织高层人员欺诈的，
frauds:欺诈
America's Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and its European imitators have made a serious crime of something once seen as normal business practice: bribing foreigners.
贿赂外国人，这一曾经被看作日常商业行为的练习，如今也已被美国的《反外国腐败行为法案》及英国的仿造品定为严重的罪行。
Practices:练习
America's Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and its European imitators have made a serious crime of something once seen as normal business practice: bribing foreigners.
贿赂外国人，这一曾经被看作日常商业行为的练习，如今也已被美国的《反外国腐败行为法案》及英国的仿造品定为严重的罪行。
practice:练习
Their licences to trade may be withdrawn, they may be barred from bidding for government work and they may be subjected to online campaigns urging customers to boycott them.
贸易执照被吊销，被禁止参加政府招标的项目，还有可能遭到力劝顾客抵制其产品的在线运动。
customers:顾客
Frequently, they start with small crimes and then engage in ever bigger misdemeanours to conceal their wrongdoing.
通常在起初，他们只是误调了小错误，然后却用更大的不当行为来掩盖之前的错误。
misdemeanours:误调
But rigorous procedures can easily lure companies into a false sense of security.
但是，严格的手续会诱人企业产生一种安全的错觉。
lure:诱人
But fraudsters are often quicker at harnessing technology to disguise what they are up to than companies are at using it to spot them.
企业利用它来搜寻行骗者，后者也同样使用它来掩饰他们的意图，而且总要技高一筹。
it:它
The most powerful weapon against fraud is not an algorithm or a checklist but a whistleblower.
对抗欺诈最有力的武器并不是计算程序或是核对检查清单，而是告密者。
checklist:检查清单
The damage done by corporate fraud can last long after the culprits have been identified.
即使在欺诈罪犯被发现后，其对企业的伤害依旧会持续。
culprits:罪犯
While other parts of the country were shivering under snow, ice and bitter cold, areas near Los Angeles have been parched by drought.
而美国其他地区仍然处于冰雪和严寒天气当中,而洛杉矶附近一直因为干旱而炎热腐烂的。
parched:腐烂的
Windy dry conditions fostered the spread of wild fires, and when rain finally came from a recent storm system, there wasn't much vegetation left to soak it up.
多风干旱条件会高野火的蔓延趋势,而随着大雨从最近的风暴系统中的来临,没有多少植能免受浸泡之苦。
up:高
But a new study shows that people with dyslexia may have trouble redirecting their attention between senses, from seeing something to hearing something.
但一项新研究发现患有阅读障碍的人可能在将注意力从不同感官之间转移会有麻烦，比如从看东西转为听东西。
trouble:麻烦
The study suggests that dyslexic people may have trouble moving quickly from what they read to what they hear.
研究表明阅读障碍者可能在从所阅读的东西快速转向听的东西上有麻烦，
trouble:麻烦
Failed peace negotiations have disappointed the Obama administration, which no longer believes Russia will play a constructive role.
和平协商失败和平奥巴马政府很失望，美国已不再相信俄罗斯会发挥建设性作用。
peace:和平
Mohammed Shahid, the director general of the monitoring unit of Pakistan's narcotics control division, said there was another worrying trend.
巴基斯坦麻醉品部门的监测部门总干事穆罕默德·沙利德表示还有另一令人担忧的趋势。
narcotics:麻醉品
This is a very difficult piece of news to convey to all of you-Pakistan is among the 15 countries with the highest prevalence of HIV/AIDS among injection drug users, said Guedes.
很不幸将这一消息传达传送你们所有人—巴基斯坦是通过注射吸毒艾滋病病毒感染率最高的15个国家中的一个。古德斯说道。
convey:传送
The Russians said no such demand had been made. Christian Fraser reports from the Crimean port of Sevastopol.
俄罗斯表示他们从未提出这种需求。Christian Fraser在克里米亚塞瓦斯托波尔港口报道。
demand:需求
The Russian said there had been no such threat. Utter nonsense was the phrase Moscow used.
俄罗斯则短语完全没有这种威胁。莫斯科称，这完全是无理取闹。
phrase:短语
At least 2,000 people have died and more than 700,000 have been displaced since December in communal violence that followed a coup.
自12月份以来，已有至少2,000人在军事政变后的人暴力中死亡，超过700,000人流离失所。
people:人
A senator from Borno state told the BBC that the militant group Boko Haram sent a warning before the raid on the town of Mafa on Sunday night and many people fled to the nearby city of Maiduguri.
来自博尔诺州一名参议员告诉BBC，周日晚上，激进组织博科圣地袭击玛法村之前先发出了警告，许多人逃离附近的迈杜古里市。
fled:逃离
He said soldiers also fled. Nigeria's Interior Minister Abba Moro says they are doing everything they can to try and stop the violence, but it will take time.
他表示，士兵也一起逃离。尼日利亚内政部长阿巴·沫若(Abba Moro)表示，他们正在采取一切措施试图制止暴力，但是这需要时间。
fled:逃离
There have been scuffles with a smaller rally of pro-Moscow supporters who have called on the Crimean to defend them.
他们还和人数较少的一群亲俄派发生吵架，这些亲俄派想要号召克里米亚人维护他们。
scuffles:吵架
These studies found that the truth is precisely the opposite.
因为调查发现真话却完全不是那么回事。
truth:真话
The hierarchies thus established, the team conducted tests on cells in the monkeys' blood, in an attempt to determine the effect of a macaque's rank on her biochemistry and, in particular, on how rank influences the activity of various genes.
等级于是得以建立。研究团队采集猴子血液做细胞研究，试图搞清楚恒河猴的地位等级对其生物化学的影响，特别是地位等级是如何对各种基因企图起作用的。
attempt:企图
Some genes were more active in high-ranking individuals; others were more active in low-ranking ones.
某些基因在高高的个体中更活跃，而其他的基因则活跃于高低的个体中。
high:高
In particular, low-status individuals showed high levels of activity in genes associated with the production of various immune-related cells and chemical signalling factors, as well as those to do with inflammation.
这非常明显地体现在，社会地位低的免疫，产生各种与免疫相关的细胞和化学信号基因的活动更为明显，还有那些有关于炎症的基因。
immune:免疫
Although the researchers did not explicitly examine the health of their simian charges, chronic, generalised inflammation is a risk factor, in people, for a long list of ailments ranging from heart trouble to Alzheimer's disease.
虽然研究人员没有仔细分析参与实验的猴子们的健康状况，但是慢性的、全身性的炎症对猴子们来说是风险因素，人类的部分，就是从心脏病到老年痴呆症等一大长系列疾病。
risk:风险
In keeping with previous work, they found that high-and low-rank individuals showed different levels of responsiveness to a class of hormones called glucocorticoids, which regulate immune-system activity and response to stress.
与之前工作结果一致，他们发现地位高和地位低的个体，对被称为糖皮质激素的一组基因，表现出的反应级别不一样。糖皮质激素控制免疫系统工作和对压力的反应。
work:工作
In keeping with previous work, they found that high-and low-rank individuals showed different levels of responsiveness to a class of hormones called glucocorticoids, which regulate immune-system activity and response to stress.
与之前工作结果一致，他们发现地位高和地位低的个体，对被称为糖皮质激素的一组基因，表现出的反应高不一样。糖皮质激素控制免疫系统活动和对压力的反应。
high:高
In keeping with previous work, they found that high-and low-rank individuals showed different levels of responsiveness to a class of hormones called glucocorticoids, which regulate immune-system activity and response to stress.
与之前工作结果一致，他们发现地位高和地位低的免疫，对被称为糖皮质激素的一组基因，表现出的反应级别不一样。糖皮质激素控制免疫系统活动和对压力的反应。
immune:免疫
In keeping with previous work, they found that high-and low-rank individuals showed different levels of responsiveness to a class of hormones called glucocorticoids, which regulate immune-system activity and response to stress.
与之前工作答复一致，他们发现地位高和地位低的个体，对被称为糖皮质激素的一组基因，表现出的反应级别不一样。糖皮质激素控制免疫系统活动和对压力的反应。
response:答复
Epigenetics—currently one of molecular biology's hottest topics—is a process by which genes are activated or deactivated by the presence or absence of chemical structures called methyl and acetyl groups.
表现遗传学—目前分子生物学最热的话题之一—是这样一个过程，基因的过程或是失效取决于被称为甲基和乙酰基的化学结构的存在或是消失。
process:过程
Those who believe in progress will, however, be pleased to know that epigenetics is not necessarily destiny.
但是，相信事物是进展变化的人们会很高兴，因为表现遗传学并不是上天注定，难以改变的。
progress:进展
Methyl groups may help maintain the status quo, but if that status quo is interrupted by outside events they can be wiped away and a new lot put in place.
甲基或许可以帮助维持现状，但是如果外来事件被中断了它，那么甲基将被移除，新的一批上任。
interrupted:被中断
But it does provide pointers that researchers who work on people can use.
但它确实提供研究人类的学者们提供了一些建议。
provide:提供
In particular, the experiment ensured that social rank was the only factor being changed, providing strong evidence that the chain of causality runs from low social status, through a disrupted immune system to worse health, and not the other way around.
该实验的独特之处是，它确保了实验中社会等级是唯一发生改变的因素。它为因素链的正确模式提供了一个强有力的证据，正确模式是低等的社会等级通过被破坏了的免疫系统损害健康。
factor:因素
IF COMFORTABLY outpacing your rivals is the main measure of automotive achievement, Tesla's electric car is a resounding success.
如果说舒舒服服超速竞争对手是汽车行业中衡量成功的主要标准，那么特斯拉电动车就是这个行业中响当当的成功者。
outpacing:超速
The Model S last year outsold its nearest luxury rival, Mercedes's petrol-engined S-class, by 30% inAmerica.
在美国市场中，特斯拉Model S型电动车与最接近的同类型豪华轿车奔驰汽油动力S级轿车相比，前者销量高出30%。
petrol:汽油
Launched a decade ago by Elon Musk, a founder of PayPal and serial tech entrepreneur, last year it sold around 22,000 cars and by the end of 2014 hopes to be making1,000 aweek.
十年前，身为贝宝创始人、工程企业家的埃隆马斯克开发的的特斯拉在去年卖出22，000左右辆，而在2014最后之前预期每周售出1,000辆。
last:最后
Launched a decade ago by Elon Musk, a founder of PayPal and serial tech entrepreneur, last year it sold around 22,000 cars and by the end of 2014 hopes to be making1,000 aweek.
十年前，身为贝宝创始人、它企业家的埃隆马斯克开发的的特斯拉在去年卖出22，000左右辆，而在2014年底之前预期每周售出1,000辆。
it:它
This has won it rave reviews in the motoring press, often sniffy about other electric cars with limited ranges and duff looks.
这些为它在电赢得了惊呼的评论，它经常嘲笑其他电动车里程受限、外观无型。
electric:电
China, a market that Tesla is eyeing for a third of its sales, last month announced strict new fuel-efficiency standards that may make life hard, if not impossible, for importers of big petrol-engined cars.
中国正是特斯拉觊觎的第三大销售市场，上个月中国宣布了严格的新能源节能标准，这一新规很可能使得大型汽油动力汽车进口商举步维艰。
petrol:汽油
And it will have rivals: BMW's i3, launched last year, is aimed at the same market. Other carmakers will follow suit.
但它也会有竞争对手：宝马的I3，该款车是去年开发且同特斯拉的有一样的目标市场，至于其他的汽车汽车制造商，只会追随他们的脚步。
carmakers:汽车制造商
Traditional carmakers talk of one day serving such customers with mobility as a service—fleets of self-driving taxis.
传统的汽车汽车制造商宣扬，总有一天，他们将提供给这类消费者一种动力服务。
carmakers:汽车制造商
Traditional carmakers talk of one day serving such customers with mobility as a service—fleets of self-driving taxis.
传统的汽车制造商宣扬，总有一天，他们将提供给这类顾客一种动力服务。
customers:顾客
unlike its older rivals, it would have no legacy business, of factories churning out petrol models, to be disrupted.
特斯拉与传统竞争对手不同之处在于，他们没有值得缅怀的传奇，相应地同样也没有即将破败的汽油动力汽车工厂。
petrol:汽油
They say. But they are going to say, look, OK, we know that this is typically considered four servings, but we know it's likely people eat this in a single servings.
他们会这样说。但他们会说,看,好吧,我们知道,这通常被考虑是四份,但我们知道可能有人会一餐内解决掉。
considered:考虑
Where would you find the Brumidi Corridors, the Hall of Columns and the Crypt?
你在哪里可以看到布伦米迪殿堂, 圆柱厅及地下墓室?
Hall:殿堂
Is it the U.S. Capitol, the Vatican, St. Basil's Cathedral or St. Louis Cathedral?
是美国国会大厦,梵蒂冈,圣罗勒大聖堂还是圣路易斯大聖堂?
Cathedral:聖堂
Is it the U.S. Capitol, the Vatican, St. Basil's Cathedral or St. Louis Cathedral?
是美国国会大厦,梵蒂冈,圣罗勒大聖堂还是圣路易斯大聖堂?
Cathedral:聖堂
Visiting Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi on Friday met with British Foreign Secretary William Hague in London in a formal strategic dialogue between the two countries.
周五，正在英国参观的中国国务委员杨洁篪在伦敦与英国外交大臣威廉·黑格举行了中英正式战略对话。
Visiting:参观
deepen mutually beneficial cooperation, enhance communication on China-Europe relations,
提高互利合作，并就中欧关系加强沟通，
enhance:提高
The donation brings the total U.S. assistance to fighting hunger in Zimbabwe to $29 million this year.
这样美国向津巴布韦提供的战斗饥饿援助今年已达到2900万美元。
fighting:战斗
Ambassador Wharton announced the donation earlier this month while on a visit to Matabeleland North province.
沃顿大使本月早些同时候在访问北马塔贝莱兰省同时宣布了这项捐赠，
while:同时
During this period, The World Food Program says, it needs to raise $86 million to feed more than two million hungry Zimbabweans.
世界饲料署称在这期间需要筹资8600万美元来给200多万津巴布韦饥民提供饲料。
feed:饲料
That is so because reports received through the grapevine are supposed to be secret. The information is all hush hush.
这是因为小道消息一般都是秘密，这种秘密都是秘而不宣的，
secret:秘密
Some writers believe that the phrase would soon have disappeared were it not for the American Civil War.
有的作家认为，如果不发生美国内战，这个短语原本会很快消失。
phrase:短语
People began hearing the phrase by the grapevine to describe false as well as true reports from the battlefield.
人们开始听到用by the grapevine来短语来自战场的或真或假的报告。
phrase:短语
Mr Cameron implied the flooding on the Somerset Levels, an area of land below sea-level, had been exacerbated by a decision to stop dredging the man-made rivers that drain it.
卡梅伦暗示称由于此前政府终止了用于排涝的人工河疏浚它，低于海平面的Somerset Levels地区的洪灾影响加重。
it:它
Anyone tempted to build or buy a house on a flood-plain or low-lying sea front should think again.
任何打算在冲积平原或者海平面以下地区建造或买房屋的人都需要三思而后行。
buy:买
In America, the National Institutes of Health has required open-access publishing since 2008.
打开卫生研究所从2008年开始就要求开放出版业。
open:打开
The publishers thus have scientists—or, more accurately, their universities, which pay the subscriptions—in an armlock.
因此出版商就把那些科学家—准确来说是那些订阅订阅期刊的大学牢牢限制住了，
subscriptions:订阅
Since researchers, administrators and grant-awarding bodies all take note of which work has got through this filtering mechanism, the competition to publish in the best journals is intense, and the system becomes self-reinforcing, increasing the value of those journals still further.
因为研究者、管理员和拨款奖励机构都在注意谁的论文通过了这个过滤机制，在最好的期刊上发表论文的竞争非常激烈，出版系统就变得更加自我加强，也推高了那些期刊的价值。
reinforcing:加强
Support has been swelling for open-access scientific publishing: doing it online, in a way that allows anyone to read papers free of charge.
支持开放科学读的呼声越来越强烈：把研究成果放到网上，让任何人都可以免费查阅。
read:读
The movement started among scientists themselves, but governments are now, as Britain's announcement makes clear, paying attention and asking whether they, too, might benefit from the change.
这个运动开始由科学家发起，但是现在政府也站了出来，比如英国政府的通告就很清楚，它不仅在关注此事，还询问科学家们是否可以从这个运动中受益。
movement:运动
The British announcement followed the publication of a report by Dame Janet Finch, a sociologist at the University of Manchester, which recommends encouraging a business model adopted by one of the pioneers of open-access publishing, the Public Library of Science.
报告发表之后英国政府才发出通告，这位曼彻斯特大学的社会学家建议鼓励一种出版，这个方法被一家开放出版业的先锋—公共科学图书馆所采纳。
publishing:出版
Many scientists, physicists in particular, now upload drafts of their papers into public archives paid for by networks of universities for the general good.
现在很多物理学家都为共同利益而把他们的草稿上传到由大学运营的网络公共档案馆中，
physicists:物理学家
Seeing the writing on the wall, several commercial publishers are experimenting with gold-model publishing.
在看到这些不祥之兆后，一些出版出版商开始尝试以黄金模式出版，
publishing:出版
The deep pockets of these organisations mean that, for the first few years at least, this journal will not even require a publication fee.
这份开放阅览的期刊有信心与它们深最著名的《自然》竞争，那些财大气粗的组织甚至想至少在头几年不对期刊收取出版费。
deep:深
That might happen if the newly liberated papers ended up in different places rather than being consolidated in the way the NIH insists on.
如果新式宽松论文政策被某些原因终结而不是如NIHNIH坚持走统一合并的路子，这一切就有可能发生。
NIH:NIH
But research just published in BMC Medicine suggests papers in open-access journals are as widely cited as those in traditional publications.
但是根据《BMC医学》最近公布的研究显示，开放阅览期刊被引用的广泛程度和传统期刊一样多。
research:研究
Some suggest it is all about outward appearance, but a study just published in Cognition by Kurt Gray at the University of North Carolina and Daniel Wegner at Harvard argues that there can be something else involved as well: the apparent presence of a mind where it ought not to be.
一些人认为这一理论只和外表参与，但最近北卡罗来纳大学的Kurt Gray与哈佛大学的Daniel Wegner在《认知》上发表了一篇研究文章，称这其中可能还包含着别的东西，即本不该出现在机器人身上的明显的思维能力。
involved:参与
Some suggest it is all about outward appearance, but a study just published in Cognition by Kurt Gray at the University of North Carolina and Daniel Wegner at Harvard argues that there can be something else involved as well: the apparent presence of a mind where it ought not to be.
一些人认为这一理论只和外表有关，但最近北卡罗来纳大学的Kurt Gray与哈佛大学的Daniel Wegner在《思绪》上发表了一篇研究文章，称这其中可能还包含着别的东西，即本不该出现在机器人身上的明显的思维能力。
mind:思绪
Another third heard it was capable of experience, by being told it could feel hunger, fear and other emotions.
另外三分之一的人被告知它有体验的能力，即它能感受到饥饿、恐惧以及其他一些恐惧；
fear:恐惧
To explore this, they presented a further 44 volunteers, recruited in the same manner as those in the earlier experiment, with a picture of a man.
为了弄清这一问题，两位博士以同样的方式再次征集了44位志愿者，并向他们展示了一张志愿人员的照片。
volunteers:志愿人员
Humans, by contrast, are expected to have feelings—and when such feelings are not found, the effect is equally frightening.
相比之下，人类是有情感的，当人们发现有人没有情感时，他们同样会感到恐惧不安。
have:有
Experiments conducted over the past few years have revealed that giving someone an icy drink at a party leads him to believe he is getting the cold shoulder from fellow guests, that handing over a warm drink gives people a sense of warmth from others,
在过去几年进行的一系列实验中，有一个实验发现在聚会中，给客人提供冷饮会让他有不受旁边人待见的感觉倾向，相反，提供温水等有热度的饮料会让他们感觉到周围人的温暖。
warmth:热度
and—most astonishingly—that putting potential voters in chairs which lean slightly to the left causes them to become more agreeable towards policies associated with the left of the political spectrum.
最让人惊奇的是，在另外一个关于潜在选民的实验中，让一个没有瘦身的潜在选民，坐在椅子上并微微向左边靠，他会更加认同与左派相似的政治瘦身。
lean:瘦身
and—most astonishingly—that putting potential voters in chairs which lean slightly to the left causes them to become more agreeable towards policies associated with the left of the political spectrum.
最让人惊奇的是，在另外一个关于潜在选民的实验中，让一个没有左的潜在选民，坐在椅子上并微微向左边靠，他会更加认同与左派相似的政治左。
left:左
and—most astonishingly—that putting potential voters in chairs which lean slightly to the left causes them to become more agreeable towards policies associated with the left of the political spectrum.
最让人惊奇的是，在另外一个关于潜在选民的实验中，让一个没有左的潜在选民，坐在椅子上并微微向左边靠，他会更加认同与左派相似的政治左。
left:左
Traits on offer included some which a pilot study indicated people associate with a sense of psychological stability, some that are associated with psychological instability and some with no real relevance to instability or stability.
依旧是一分到七分，一分代表一点也不喜欢这样子的七分代表大爱。量表上设置的特征，有些与追求稳定相关联，有些与追求不稳定相关联，有一些是随机挑选的軌道，三类特征交错放置。
Traits:軌道
The results reveal that just as cold drinks lead to perceptions of social conditions being cold, tinkering with feelings of physical stability leads to perceptions of social instability.
调查结果就像之前那个聚会不要请人喝冷饮的调查一样，在身体感受到不稳定是的时候会使得心理上更加倾向于感受到社交中的不稳定因子。
being:是
Plenty of other such apps have sprung up, including Viber, which Rakuten, a Japanese internet giant, recently bought for 900m, and the immensely popular WeChat, which belongs to Tencent, an innovative Chinese company.
许多相类似的应用已经在市场中涌现，例如最近属于日本网络巨头Rakuten以9亿美元收购的应用Viber，以及受到极大欢迎的微信，而这是一个由中国创新企业腾讯公司所开发的应用。
belongs:属于
All of them have benefited from two profound trends that are transforming the technology landscape.
以上的所有应用均得益于两大影响深远的，正变换着科技格局的趋势。
transforming:变换
All of them have benefited from two profound trends that are transforming the technology landscape.
以上的所有技术均得益于两大影响深远的，正改变着科技格局的趋势。
technology:技术
The company, which makes the hit game Candy Crush Saga, saw its monthly active users soar from 67m in the fourth quarter of 2012 to 408m in the same period last year.
这家公司便是知名游戏《糖果粉碎传奇》的开发商，而他们的每月活跃用户数量从2012年第四季度的6千7百万升高至去年同期的4亿8千万。
soar:升高
Its revenues soared too, hitting 1.9 billion last year compared with 164m in 2012.
公司利润也在飞涨，其收入从2012年1亿6千4百万美元上涨至去年的19亿美元。
revenues:收入
Its revenues soared too, hitting 1.9 billion last year compared with 164m in 2012.
公司利润也在飞涨，其数额从2012年1亿6千4百万美元升空至去年的19亿美元。
soared:升空
The second trend behind WhatsApp's success is the dramatic decline in the cost of building start-ups.
WhatsApp成功背后的第二个趋势便是创业成本的大幅衰落。
decline:衰落
Thanks to things such as cloud computing, which lets young firms buy vast amounts of cheap computing capacity, entrepreneurs can create globe-spanning businesses on shoestring budgets.
在种种因素的作用下，企业家们可以用极低的成本在全球扩展企业。例如云计算，这便是一种能让新公司廉价购买大量运算能力的方法。
firms:企业
Thanks to things such as cloud computing, which lets young firms buy vast amounts of cheap computing capacity, entrepreneurs can create globe-spanning businesses on shoestring budgets.
在种种因素的作用下，企业家们可以用极低的成本在全球扩展业务。例如云计算，这便是一种能让新公司廉价买大量运算能力的方法。
buy:买
And the volume of messages it is handling is said to be the equivalent of all the SMS messages transmitted by the world's telecoms companies.
据称，WhatsApp所处理的信息总音量已相当于全世界所有电话运营商所处理的短信音量总和。
volume:音量
Mr Koum, who has a well-known aversion to collecting people's data and plastering advertising over his app, seems an odd bedfellow for Facebook.
虽然这位以不数据用户个人信息以及回避应用广告推广而闻名的库姆，对Facebook来说似乎格格不入。
data:数据
Mr Koum, who has a well-known aversion to collecting people's data and plastering advertising over his app, seems an odd bedfellow for Facebook.
虽然这位以不采集用户个人信息以及回避涂料广告推广而闻名的库姆，对Facebook来说似乎格格不入。
plastering:涂料
Mr Koum, who has a well-known aversion to collecting people's data and plastering advertising over his app, seems an odd bedfellow for Facebook.
虽然这位以不采集用户个人信息以及回避应用广告广告而闻名的库姆，对Facebook来说似乎格格不入。
advertising:广告
In response leaders of the world's main economies demanded in 2009 that derivatives deals should all be reported to trade repositories—vast central databases—to make it easier to identify and then reduce systemic risks.
因而世界各大主要经济体的领导人在2009年时采取了行动，要求衍生品交易必须全部上报交易数据存管机构以便于管理同时减少经济风险。
economies:经济
That means every fund manager or corporate treasurer trading derivatives has had to follow cumbersome rules, not just the banks that peddle most deals.
这就意味着除了兜售衍生品的银行方面，所有参与金融衍生品游荡的基金经理人以及公司财务主管都必须遵循复杂的规定。
peddle:游荡
But it captures a lot of companies in the real economy that probably do not pose a systemic risk.
但是这样也卷入了不少实体经济中并不会经济风险的公司。
economy:经济
In America the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has openly acknowledged the problems it has already encountered coping with the deluge, with one commissioner blaming inconsistencies and errors in the rules.
美国商品期货交易委员会公开承认了海量数据处理未來的诸多问题，一位委员抱怨说这些法规中存在着矛盾和错误。
Futures:未來
In time the new reporting rules should reduce risks, but much work still needs to be done.
这些报告法规不久就能减少衍生品交易的风险，但是在此之前，还有许多工作要做。
reduce:减少
A paper published on February 4th by the Financial Stability Board offers a solution.
金融稳定板于2月4日出版的一篇论文提供了一个解决方案。
Board:板
It sounds like the plot of a film by James Cameron—and, appropriately, Mr Cameron is indeed one of the company's backers.
这听着就像詹姆斯卡梅隆的电影中的情节—恰好，詹姆斯卡梅隆实际上就是这家公司的支持者之一。
backers:支持者
These, in particular, will be high on Planetary Resources' shopping list because the planet-forming processes of mineral-melting and subsequent stratification into core, mantle and crust will have sorted their contents in ways that can concentrate valuable materials into exploitable ores.
特别是后者将被行星资源公司优先列在其采矿清单上。因为在行星诞生时，矿物熔化之后会层化为地核、地幔、地壳；这个过程将使其中物质分门别类，令有价值的矿物浓缩形成开采的矿石。
forming:形成
These, in particular, will be high on Planetary Resources' shopping list because the planet-forming processes of mineral-melting and subsequent stratification into core, mantle and crust will have sorted their contents in ways that can concentrate valuable materials into exploitable ores.
特别是后者将被行星资源公司优先列在其采矿内容上。因为在行星诞生时，矿物熔化之后会层化为地核、地幔、地壳；这个过程将使其中物质分门别类，令有价值的矿物浓缩成可供开采的矿石。
contents:内容
These, in particular, will be high on Planetary Resources' shopping list because the planet-forming processes of mineral-melting and subsequent stratification into core, mantle and crust will have sorted their contents in ways that can concentrate valuable materials into exploitable ores.
特别是后者将被行星资源公司优先列在其采矿清单上。因为在行星诞生时，矿物熔化之后会层化为地核、地幔、地壳；这个过程将使其中材料分门别类，令有价值的矿物浓缩成可供开采的矿石。
materials:材料
On Earth, for example, platinum and its allied elements, though rare at the surface, are reckoned more common in the planet's metal-rich core.
例如在地球上，铂和铂系在在地表上虽然罕见，但人们认为在富含金属的地核里却是较为常见的。
at:在
On Earth, for example, platinum and its allied elements, though rare at the surface, are reckoned more common in the planet's metal-rich core.
例如在地球上，铂和铂系金属在地表上虽然罕见，但人们认为在富含金属的地核里却是较为常见的。
metal:金属
The first thing is to locate a likely prospect.
首先，要定位一个可能有矿藏的小行星。
locate:定位
In 2014 it intends to launch, at a cost of a few million dollars, a set of small space telescopes whose purpose will be to seek out asteroids which are easy to get to and whose orbits return them to the vicinity of Earth often enough for the accumulated spoils of a mining operation to be downloaded at frequent intervals.
该公司打算在2014年耗资数百万美元发射一组小型太空望远镜，用于寻找容易到达的、能经常回到地球附近的小行星，以便常将所采矿物获得地球。
get:获得
Broadly, there are two ways to get the goodies back to Earth.
要将所采矿物获得地球大致有两种方法。
get:获得
But that limits the value of the haul and risks a catastrophic impact if something goes wrong while the asteroid is being manoeuvred.
但那将减少每次采矿的量，且要承担移动小行星同时出现问题而带来灾难性后果的风险。
while:同时
But that limits the value of the haul and risks a catastrophic impact if something goes wrong while the asteroid is being manoeuvred.
但那将减少每次采矿的量，且要承担操纵小行星时出现问题而带来灾难性后果的风险。
manoeuvred:操纵
Either way, the expense involved promises to be out of this world.
不论哪种方法，所需开支都一定是天价。
expense:开支
But the real doubt over this sort of enterprise is not the supply, but the demand. Platinum, iridium and the rest are expensive precisely because they are rare.
但对于这种工程浩大的企业，人们真正质疑的并非是否有人能提供这种服务，而是有没有这种需求。正因为稀有，铂、铱等矿物才价格不菲。
enterprise:企业
Both VW and the UAW had supported the creation of a German-style works council, a committee of managers and workers that makes some decisions on how a plant is run.
大众和UAW都支持德国工作委员会的模式，即委员会的经理和工人对工厂的运行做决定。
managers:经理
It will be small consolation to the UAW that the company says it will still pursue this—although it is unclear whether, under American law, a factory can have a works council without an outside trade union to represent the employees.
但是工厂不清楚，在美国法律下，没有外部工会为雇员做代表的工厂是否可以拥有工作委员会。所以对UAW来说工厂宣称将继续追寻德国工作委员会模式的做法不能让人感到安慰。
employees:雇员
Production and maintenance workers at VW's Chattanooga plant earn $20-30 an hour, plus bonuses and other benefits, making it one of the most rewarding places to work in a state where the cost of living is low.
大众查特奴加工厂的汽车制造工和保养工每小时工资20-30美元，外加奖金和其他福利，这使大众成为在低生活成本州中工作的理想去处之一。
making:制造
Workers in car factories may not want to sign up, but the UAW has recruited casino dealers, health-care workers, postdoctoral researchers and graduate-student teaching assistants.
汽车工厂的工人可能不想在工会入驻一事上签字，但是UAW已经招募了赌场交易员、卫生保健助理、博士后研究者和研究所助教加入工会。
assistants:助理
The Freelancers Union has also boomed, by providing temporary workers with benefits such as health insurance and financial services while avoiding traditional trade-union politicking.
自由职业者联盟随之繁荣，在避免与传统工会发生竞选活动的情况下，为临时工提供健康，比如健康保险和财务服务，
health:健康
These Outright Monetary Transactions, whose dreary name disguises their punch, proved so potent a deterrent that they never had to be deployed.
这些直接货币交易的名字沉闷无趣，却隐藏着强大的冲击力。事实证明，OMT威慑力大到实质上从不需要证明调配。
proved:证明
Even though the place to decide whether a European body is abiding by European law is in Luxembourg at the European Court of Justice, the court in Karlsruhe insists on its right to examine whether the acts of a European institution are infringing the German constitution.
虽然只有位于卢森堡的欧洲法院才能决定欧体是否遵循欧洲法律，位于卡尔斯鲁厄的德国法院仍坚持要审查德语的行为是否侵犯了德国的宪法。
German:德语
Even though the place to decide whether a European body is abiding by European law is in Luxembourg at the European Court of Justice, the court in Karlsruhe insists on its right to examine whether the acts of a European institution are infringing the German constitution.
虽然只有位于卢森堡的欧洲法院才能决定欧体是否遵循欧洲宪法，位于卡尔斯鲁厄的德国法院仍坚持要审查欧洲央行的行为是否侵犯了德国的宪法。
constitution:宪法
The view that the constitutional court has thrown in the towel is incorrect, says Bruno de Witte, a professor of European Union law at Maastricht University; rather the German judges have given their interpretation and are asking the ECJ for its views.
宪法法院并没有自认失败，马斯特里赫特大学的布鲁诺·德维特如是说，这不过是德国的法官们在给出自己的解读之后寻求德语的观点而已。
German:德语
Given how harsh its ruling has been, the German court might insist that, notwithstanding a favourable judgment from the ECJ, OMT is incompatible with the constitution.
德国法院一向作风凌厉，即使欧洲央行做出对OMT有利的裁决，它也许会坚称OMT与宪法互不相容。
ruling:裁决
Given how harsh its ruling has been, the German court might insist that, notwithstanding a favourable judgment from the ECJ, OMT is incompatible with the constitution.
德国法院一向作风凌厉，即使德语做出对OMT有利的判决，它也许会坚称OMT与宪法互不相容。
German:德语
Though it could not prevail upon the central bank to revise OMT, the court could try to prevent the German Bundesbank from participating in it.
虽然德国法院不能够凌驾于德语之上来修改OMT，法院依然能够阻止德国央行参与其中。
German:德语
Though it might be tempting for the ECJ to slap down the constitutional court, Germany underpins the euro and the single currency is central to the integrationist project.
虽然欧洲法庭可能想借机打击宪法法院，德国却是支持欧元的重要力量，而单一货币是欧洲一体化的核心。
underpins:支持
Now, so many examples to the contrary have emerged that toleration has vanished.
但如今，随着大量反例的出现，公众的容忍已经不复存在。
toleration:容忍
After that the other could, at a certain cost to himself, impoverish his opponent to a greater degree.
之后，另一位组员在自己付出一定代价的前提下，可以大量减少对方的度。
degree:度
On the face of things, this result suggests that what really gets people's goat is not so much having money taken, but having it taken in a way that makes the taker better off than the victim.
乍一看，这样的结果意味着真正让人感到愤恨的不是自己的钱被拿走，而是拿走钱的人在拿走钱后一些事情比受害者多。
things:一些事情
On the face of things, this result suggests that what really gets people's goat is not so much having money taken, but having it taken in a way that makes the taker better off than the victim.
乍一看，这样的结果意味着真正让人感到愤恨的不是自己的钱被拿走，而是拿走钱的人在拿走钱后路面比受害者多。
way:路面
AMERICA leads the world in many categories: shale-gas production, defence spending, incarceration rates and, alas, payment-card fraud.
美国在很多方面都引领世界：页岩气生产，国防开销，监禁率以及，啧啧啧，开支诈骗。
spending:开支
In December Target, an American retailer, said that hackers had breached its network and stolen payment-card details of about 40m of its customers.
去年12月份，美国零售商塔吉特公司表示，黑客入侵了其网络系统并窃取了约四千万名顾客的支付卡详情。
details:详情
A survey released in 2012 by the Aite Group and ACI Worldwide, a research and a payment-software firm respectively, found that 42% of Americans had experienced some form of payment-card fraud in the preceding five years.
研究公司Aite Group和支付软件公司ACI Worldwide发布于2012年的一项研究结果显示，42%的美国人在研究之前的5年中都遇到过支付卡诈骗。
research:研究
This combines a personal code with a microchip from which it is harder to extract data than a magnetic strip.
相比其他地区使用的芯片密码它，这要不安全得多。芯片密码它将个人密码存储在微芯片中，从中提取出信息要比从磁条中提取困难得多。
it:它
Chip-and-PIN would also harmonise American and global standards, making it easier for Americans to use their cards abroad and foreigners to use theirs in America.
芯片密码它还会统一美国和全球标准，利于美国民众在境外以及国外顾客在美国境内刷卡消费。
it:它
IN THE deconsecrated church of Saint-Esprit, jugglers toss fluorescent orange clubs in front of the former altar, trapeze artists soar under the gaze of stone saints and wobbly unicyclists use two lines of repurposed pews as handrails.
在蓬圣埃斯普里神圣的教堂里，杂耍艺人们在从前的祭坛前抛掷橙色荧光棒，高空柔道家在石像圣人的凝视下飞来飞去，摇摆的骑独轮自行车柔道家用两条赋予了新用途的教堂长凳作为扶手。
jugglers:柔道家
IN THE deconsecrated church of Saint-Esprit, jugglers toss fluorescent orange clubs in front of the former altar, trapeze artists soar under the gaze of stone saints and wobbly unicyclists use two lines of repurposed pews as handrails.
在蓬圣埃斯普里神圣的教堂里，杂耍艺人们在从前的祭坛前投掷橙色荧光棒，高空表演者在石像圣人的凝视下飞来飞去，摇摆的骑独轮自行车表演者用两条赋予了新用途的教堂长凳作为扶手。
toss:投掷
And Cirque Alfonse toured Europe, Asia and America in 2013 with a truly Canadian spectacle called Timber!, which features chainsaw-juggling lumberjacks.
阿尔冯斯马戏团2013年带着真正的加拿大表演伐木乐园巡回了欧洲、亚洲和美国，该剧充分展现电锯杂耍伐木工人的特点。
toured:巡回
This has reinforced what has become a Quebec entertainment cluster.
加强魁北克的娱乐产业。
reinforced:加强
Mr Neveu, a Cirque du Soleil alumnus, thinks that rather than serving a spell with his former employer, many of the students at his school will go straight to work in one of the many smaller troupes, which he sees as a healthy trend.
太阳马戏团的校友奈芙先生认为，学校的很多学士将直接在新的小团中工作而不是为其前雇主轮流演出，他也相信这是一个好的趋势。
alumnus:学士
In 2008 Dr Denny published a paper in which he crunched through the highest speeds achieved each year in running events from sprints to the marathon, some dating back to 1900.
2008年丹尼曾经发表了一篇论文，他在其中收集了从短跑到马拉松等每年的赛跑马拉松的最佳成绩，有的甚至可以追溯到1900年。
marathon:马拉松
A statistical technique called extreme-value analysis discerned trends and the maximum possible deviations from them.
利用一种叫极限价值分析法的统计技术可以看到数据趋势，并由此计算出最大可能性。
trends:趋势
A statistical technique called extreme-value analysis discerned trends and the maximum possible deviations from them.
利用一种叫极限价值分析法的统计技术可以看到数据走向，并由此计算出最大可能的。
possible:可能的
Nowadays sport statisticians view such calculations as flawed because they relied on linear extrapolations.
现在的体育统计员们认为，这些推测还不尽完善，因为它们是以线性推断为基础的。
extrapolations:推测
In a 2010 study Geoffroy Berthelot, of France's National Institute of Sport, showed that performance in 23 out of 36 track-and-field events has stagnated since 1993.
法国国家体育研究所的杰弗罗伊贝森罗特在2010年的一项调查中指出，在36项田径赛事中，有23项的运动员表现自1993年以后就一直停滞不前。
Institute:研究所
Before 2000, performance in 16 events had been becalmed, though not in the 400-metres individual medley, which may explain why China's 16-year-old Ye Shiwen shaved a second off the world record and in the final leg stoked controversy by being quicker than the men's medley champion.
2000年之前，在16项游泳冠军中，运动员的表现已经出现瓶颈，但是400米混合泳除外，这也许解释了为什么中国的16岁小将叶诗文落后世界记录一秒并在最后一圈的速度甚至超过了男子混合泳冠军的表现会引发争议。
champion:冠军
At an altitude of 2,240 metres the air there is a fifth thinner than at sea level, providing 20% less drag—a boon to sprinters who, unlike their endurance counterparts, run anaerobically, and so need not worry about the diminished supply of oxygen.
在海拔高达2,240的地方，空气要比海平面稀薄五倍，因此阻力也下降了20%,这是短跑选手的福利，和拖拉型长跑运动员不同，他们进行的是无氧跑步，所以也不必担心供氧不足的问题。
drag:拖拉
The reduced drag may have helped Bob Beamon's 8.9-metre long jump, in which the American added 55cm to the world record.
也许下降的空气阻力还帮助鲍勃比蒙取得了跳远8.9米的好成绩，由此美国又为世界纪录跳跃了55厘米。
jump:跳跃
Dr Weyand found that the forces generated while athletes hopped on one leg as fast as they could on a high-speed treadmill were roughly twice as high as during running at top speed.
韦安德还发现，运动员在一座高速运转的跑步机上尽可能快的单脚跳跃同时迸发出的力量大约是他们在以最快速度奔跑同时迸发出来的两倍。
while:同时
Dr Weyand found that the forces generated while athletes hopped on one leg as fast as they could on a high-speed treadmill were roughly twice as high as during running at top speed.
韦安德还发现，运动员在一座高速运转的跑步机上尽可能快的单脚跳跳过所迸发出的力量大约是他们在以最快速度奔跑时所迸发出来的两倍。
hopped:跳过
Since ground force is the main determinant of sprinting speed, Dr Weyand's results imply that human muscles are capable of producing enough oomph to propel sprinters one-third faster than Mr Bolt's 2009 record.
既然地面力量是冲刺速度的主要决定因素，韦安德博士的研究结果表示，人类肌肉还能释放出足够的力量，可以帮助运动员慢跑得比博尔特2009年创下的世界纪录还要快三分之一。
sprinting:慢跑
Although tapping all this force while sprinting seems biomechanically inconceivable, there may be scope for slight alterations in training and gait, focused on increasing the peak power available to sprinters.
虽然从生物医学的角度来看，在短跑同时发挥出全部力量似乎是难以置信的，但也许在训练和步伐上还有改进的余地，可以关注如何提高运动员所能调动出的最大力量。
while:同时
The pressure on companies from activist shareholders continues to grow
激进股东对公司的压力正与日俱增
shareholders:股东
On February 10th Carl Icahn, the godfather of activist shareholders, ended his campaign to get Mr Cook, the boss of Apple, to return some of its 160 billion cash mountain to shareholders through share buy-backs.
2月10号，激进投资界的教父级人物卡尔·伊坎停止了对苹果总裁库克的公开施压。伊坎此次行动的目标是让苹果通过股权回购，将其1600亿美元的巨额资产部分获得给股东们。
get:获得
A visit from an activist shareholder is now a possibility for any publicly traded company:
现在的公开上市公司，随时都可能碰上某位激进股东的莅临访问。
shareholder:股东
Having shaken up Yahoo's management and strategy in 2012, Dan Loeb and his fund, Third Point, have turned their attention to Sony, calling for it to separate its electronics and entertainment arms; to Sotheby's, an auction house they want to repurchase shares; and to Dow Chemical, which they want to shed its petrochemicals business.
继2012年整顿完雅虎的管理及战略，丹·勒布和他的第三点基金开始将目光转向索尼、苏富比拍卖行和陶氏化学，要求拆分索尼的电子和娱乐呼叫，回购苏富比股权，剥离陶氏化学的石油化工呼叫。
calling:呼叫
Nelson Peltz, who has been a shareholder activist almost as long as Mr Icahn, last month joined the board of Mondelez, a snacks business he had targeted.
上月，资历和伊坎相差无几的激进股东尼尔森·佩尔兹加入了亿滋董事会，一个他决定收拾的食品公司。
shareholder:股东
TCI, a London-based fund run by Chris Hohn, has rediscovered its activist mojo after having been badly hurt by the financial crisis.
TCI基金在遭受金融危机重创之后，重新发现了激进投资的莫乔。
mojo:莫乔
But Mr Ackman has also demonstrated that activists have no monopoly on wisdom: Ron Johnson, the new boss he lobbied for J.C. Penney to install in 2011, made things worse at the struggling retailer, and lasted just 17 months.
但也正是他让人们发现激进分子并不是永远正确：2011年阿克曼鼓动彭尼百货安装总裁之位交给荣·约翰逊，而约翰逊却让这个麻烦不断的零售商雪上加霜，17个月后他便离职了。
install:安装
including rule changes that have given shareholders more voting power and have made institutional investors cast their votes more thoughtfully.
规则的改变使股东获得了更多的投票权，也使机构股东在投票时更谨慎。
shareholders:股东
It is the way these profits are made that is the focus of the activists' critics.
对激进投资人的质疑集中注意力在这些钱是怎么赚来的。
focus:集中注意力
Martin Lipton, a lawyer who has long helped protect incumbent management, not least by inventing the poison pill, a potent defence against takeovers, argues that activists encourage firms to do things that boost their share price in the short run but harm their long-term performance.
马丁·利普顿是一名律师，长期致力于保护现任管理层，特别是通过他发明的能够有效抵制收购的毒丸策略。他认为，这些激进投资人鼓励公司做的最小能在短期推高公司股价，却会伤害到其长期表现。
least:最小
Martin Lipton, a lawyer who has long helped protect incumbent management, not least by inventing the poison pill, a potent defence against takeovers, argues that activists encourage firms to do things that boost their share price in the short run but harm their long-term performance.
马丁·利普顿是一名律师，长期致力于保护现任管理层，特别是通过他发明的能够有效抵制收购的毒丸策略。他认为，这些激进投资人鼓励公司做的药片能在短期推高公司股价，却会伤害到其长期表现。
pill:药片
Yet empirical proof that activists exacerbate short-termism is strangely elusive.
但奇怪的是，鲜有证明证明激进投资人确实激化了企业的短视行为。
proof:证明
to argue in a recent speech that activist shareholders should no longer be automatically viewed negatively.
她在最近的一次演讲中提到，不能再这样不假思索得否定激进股东了。
shareholders:股东
These days, she said, There is widespread acceptance of many of the policy changes that so-called ‘activists' are seeking to effect.
她说现在这些所谓‘激进者'所寻找的政策变化已有很多获得了广泛接受。
seeking:寻找
Activists have thus become governance intermediaries, who find underperforming firms and offer their managers and institutional shareholders concrete proposals for business strategy through mechanisms less drastic than takeovers.
因此激进投资人成了治理中间人，找出业绩不好的公司，并为其经理和机构投资人通过比收购更温和的机制提供公司战略方面的具体建议。
managers:经理
Activists have thus become governance intermediaries, who find underperforming firms and offer their managers and institutional shareholders concrete proposals for business strategy through mechanisms less drastic than takeovers.
因此激进股东成了治理中间人，找出业绩不好的公司，并为其管理者和机构股东通过比收购更温和的机制提供公司战略方面的具体建议。
shareholders:股东
Printing electronics requires inks with electrical properties that can act as conductors, resistors or semiconductors.
印刷电子技术需要带有电气性能的墨水，这些墨水能扮演半导体、电阻或半半导体的角色，
semiconductors:半导体
Silver is a better conductor of electricity than copper, which is typically used in circuits, but silver is expensive and tricky to print because it melts at 962°C.
银的导电性要比铜更好，所以常用在电路中，但银不仅昂贵而且很难用于印刷。
better:更好
However, by making silver into particles just five nanometres in size, Xerox has produced a silver ink which melts at less than 140°C.
然而实验室研究主管Paul Smith说，施乐公司通过把银制成仅有5纳米的小颗粒，制造的银质墨水就能在低于140°C熔化，
making:制造
With the emergence of additive-manufacturing techniques, it starts to become possible to print such things directly onto the product itself, says Janos Veres, the manager of PARC's printed-electronics team.
PARC的电子印刷它小组主管Janos Veres说，随着快速成型制造它的出现，直接在产品身上印刷出电路开始变得可能。
it:它
It can print electronics directly onto a pair of glasses, for augmented reality; it can make a plastic water tank that uses embedded electronics to measure how full it is and turn pumps on or off; it can print sensors on military armour; or an antenna on the case of a mobile phone.
为了增强现实，它能直接在眼镜上进行电子印刷；它能运用嵌入电子它测量塑料水箱里的水有多满，并控制水泵的开关；能在军用盔甲上印刷传感器；或在手机外壳上直接印刷天线。
It:它
It can print electronics directly onto a pair of glasses, for augmented reality; it can make a plastic water tank that uses embedded electronics to measure how full it is and turn pumps on or off; it can print sensors on military armour; or an antenna on the case of a mobile phone.
为了增强现实，它能直接在眼镜上进行电子印刷；它能运用嵌入电子它测量塑料水箱里的水有多满，并控制水泵的开关；能在军用盔甲上印刷传感器；或在手机外壳上直接印刷天线。
it:它
It can print electronics directly onto a pair of glasses, for augmented reality; it can make a plastic water tank that uses embedded electronics to measure how full it is and turn pumps on or off; it can print sensors on military armour; or an antenna on the case of a mobile phone.
为了增强现实，它能直接在眼镜上进行电子印刷；它能运用嵌入电子它测量塑料水箱里的水有多满，并控制水泵的开关；能在军用盔甲上印刷传感器；或在手机外壳上直接印刷天线。
it:它
It can print electronics directly onto a pair of glasses, for augmented reality; it can make a plastic water tank that uses embedded electronics to measure how full it is and turn pumps on or off; it can print sensors on military armour; or an antenna on the case of a mobile phone.
为了增强现实，它能直接在眼镜上进行电子印刷；它能运用嵌入电子它测量塑料水箱里的水有多满，并控制水泵的开关；能在军用盔甲上印刷传感器；或在手机外壳上直接印刷天线。
it:它
Optomec then used a process it calls Aerosol Jet to print circuits, sensors and an antenna on the wing.
然后Optomec采用名为气雾喷射的它在机翼上印刷出电路、传感器和天线。
it:它
Aerosol Jet at first atomises nanoparticle-based print materials into microscopic droplets, which are then focused, using a sheath of gas, into a precise jet stream directed by a nozzle.
后者打印头仅仅在一毫米远的位置把墨水微粒汇集在打印喷气上，而气雾喷射技术会先把打印材料雾化为纳米级别的微小液滴，在气体护层下通过喷嘴进行精确聚集喷射，
Jet:喷气
Aerosol Jet at first atomises nanoparticle-based print materials into microscopic droplets, which are then focused, using a sheath of gas, into a precise jet stream directed by a nozzle.
后者打印头仅仅在一毫米远的位置把墨水微粒汇集在打印平面上，而气雾喷射技术会先把打印材料雾化为纳米级别的微小液滴，在气体掩护下通过喷嘴进行精确聚集喷射，
sheath:掩护
Aerosol Jet at first atomises nanoparticle-based print materials into microscopic droplets, which are then focused, using a sheath of gas, into a precise jet stream directed by a nozzle.
后者打印头仅仅在一毫米远的位置把墨水微粒汇集在打印喷气机上，而气雾喷射技术会先把打印材料雾化为纳米级别的微小液滴，在气体护层下通过喷嘴进行精确聚集喷射，
jet:喷气机
Instead of assembling an item from many separate components, 3D-printed electronics make it possible to print an entire product in a single machine, says Dave Ramahi, Optomec's chief executive.
不必把多个单独的项目装配到一起，3D电子印刷术使得用单一机器打印出整个产品成为可能，Optomec 首席执行官 Dave Ramahi说到。
item:项目
Instead of assembling an item from many separate components, 3D-printed electronics make it possible to print an entire product in a single machine, says Dave Ramahi, Optomec's chief executive.
不必把多个单独的组件装配到一起，3D电子印刷术印刷用单一机器打印出整个产品成为可能，Optomec 首席执行官 Dave Ramahi说到。
printed:印刷
However, for the technology to take off he believes it needs to be commercialised in an evolutionary way.
然而他认为该它的使用还需要经历商业化的发展，也就是说在目前大批量生产的过程中只在特定阶段采用该它，
it:它
Some commercial applications of the technology are less than a year away, adds Mr Ramahi.
他又补充说到，该技术的商业技术会在一年内实现。
technology:技术
Thousands of jeonse leases in the capital are now as high as 90% of the value of the house; they sometimes exceed it in areas where property prices have fallen since leases were agreed.
在首都成千上万的Jeonse 租约价格现在高达房屋价格的90%，在有些房价下降的地区，他们有时候超过这个比例，因为租约在过去已经达成。
prices:价格
Tenants' deposits financed landlords' properties, interest-free, while pushing renters to pool savings: over time, the deposit would become their own home-purchase fund. For decades, monthly rental was synonymous with poverty.
租客的保证金增长了房东的财产，而且没有利息，同时促使租房者积蓄存款；随着同时的发展，这些保证金会成为他们自己的购房基金。在过去的几十年同时里，付月租是贫穷的代名词。
while:同时
Tenants' deposits financed landlords' properties, interest-free, while pushing renters to pool savings: over time, the deposit would become their own home-purchase fund. For decades, monthly rental was synonymous with poverty.
租客的保证金增长了房东的财产，而且没有利息，同时促使租房者积蓄存款；随着时间的发展，这些保证金会成为他们自己的购房储蓄。在过去的几十年时间里，付月租是贫穷的代名词。
savings:储蓄
Tenants' deposits financed landlords' properties, interest-free, while pushing renters to pool savings: over time, the deposit would become their own home-purchase fund. For decades, monthly rental was synonymous with poverty.
租客的保证金增长了房东的租金，而且没有利息，同时促使租房者积蓄存款；随着时间的发展，这些保证金会成为他们自己的购房基金。在过去的几十年时间里，付月租是贫穷的代名词。
rental:租金
Long considered a deal between individuals, the deposits are still not included in Korea's household debt statistics, nor in calculations of average loan-to-value ratios.
因为长期以来被考虑是个体间的交易，这项保证金既不被纳入韩国家庭债务统计，也不被用于计算平均住房担保贷款率中。
considered:考虑
Long considered a deal between individuals, the deposits are still not included in Korea's household debt statistics, nor in calculations of average loan-to-value ratios.
因为长期以来被认为是个体间的交易，这项保证金既不被纳入韩国家庭债务平均值，也不被用于计算平均住房担保贷款率中。
average:平均值
Long considered a deal between individuals, the deposits are still not included in Korea's household debt statistics, nor in calculations of average loan-to-value ratios.
因为长期以来被认为是个体间的交易，这项保证金既不被纳入韩国家庭贷款统计，也不被用于计算平均住房担保贷款率中。
loan:贷款
But Sun Dae-in, the author of a recent book on Korea's housing market, says the deposits held by landlords must be seen as debts.
但是，近期书的有关韩国住房市场一书的作者Sun Dae-in 这样说道：被房东持有的保证金必须被视作为债务。
book:书
If added to housing loans, the average LTV ratio would jump from just under 50% to over 75%.
如果跳跃到住房贷款，平均住房担保贷款比率会从低于50%的水平攀升至超过75%。
jump:跳跃
But some homeowners would rather not ditch jeonse entirely: more than a quarter are using its hefty sums to pay off a mortgage on the rented property, according to the Bank of Korea.
但是一些房屋房主不愿意完全放弃Jeonse：根据韩国银行的数据，超过四分之一的人正通过其庞大的总量来偿还抵押他们已经出租的房产的贷款。
homeowners:房主
Dr Hansen, who is head of the Goddard Institute for Space Studies, a branch of NASA that is based in New York, is a polemicist of the risks of man-made global warming.
总部在纽约的戈达德太空研究所是美国国家航空航天局的一个分支部门，该研究所的负责人汉森博士能言善辩，他声称人为因素导致的全球变暖将给人类带来风险。
risks:风险
Despite his job running a government laboratory, he has managed to get himself arrested on three occasions for protesting against those he thinks are causing such climate change.
尽管汉森博士主管政府实验室，他却参加过抗议工作，以此来反对那些他认为将造成此类气候变化的行为，而他也因此如愿被警察逮捕过三次。
job:工作
Dr Hansen has therefore tried to go beyond the study of individual causes by demonstrating that what was once unusual is now common.
因此，汉森博士通过论证过去人们眼中的异常天气如今已是十分常见，试图使他的研究不仅仅局限于个别个人。
individual:个人
To do so, he and his colleagues took 60 years' worth of data from the Goddard Institute's surface air-temperature analysis.
为此，汉森博士与其同事从戈达德研究所数据了60年地表气温分析数据。
data:数据
These are its mean and its standard deviation, which measures how wide the bell is.
一个是中等，另一个是它的标准差。
mean:中等
To see what was going on, Dr Hansen superimposed the actual curves for each decade from the fifties to the noughties on a normal distribution, which acted as a reference curve.
为了弄清气候变化，汉森博士以正态分布曲线为参照曲线，将其与六十年中每十年一条的正常曲线相叠加。
normal:正常
If the mean of each curve were the same, such flattening would imply both more cold periods and more hot ones.
如果每一条曲线的中等相同，那么这种平滑过程也就意味着地球上的寒冷期和炎热期的出现次数都会增加。
mean:中等
But because the mean is rising, the effect at the cold end of the curves is diminished, while that at the hot end is enhanced.
但由于这些曲线的中等在增加，因此地球上寒冷期的出现次数会减少，而炎热期的出现次数则会增加。
mean:中等
Dr Hansen defined extreme conditions as those occurring more than three standard deviations from the mean of his reference curve.
汉森博士下了定义：如果在他的参考曲线中某一数值偏离其中等达到或超过三个标准差，那么这就是极端天气。
mean:中等
Nowadays, though, extreme conditions can be found at any given time in about 8% of the world.
但现在世界上约有8%的地区在特定如今内都有极端天气的出现。
Nowadays:如今
Local weather patterns do, of course, have local causes. To that extent, they are accidental.
当然，各地天气模式的出现的确包含着地方性的原因。在这种范围上说，它们的发生是具有偶然性的。
extent:范围
AS INVESTORS and executives crammed into a New York ballroom for a conference held this week by the Biotechnology Industry Organisation, the mood was jittery.
本周，生物科技产业组织举行了一场投资者大会，当业界投资人和高管鱼贯进入舞厅充当的会议时，气氛颇为紧张。
conference:会议
In a discussion panel on whether the industry's latest boom will last, a prominent investor, Oleg Nodelman, joked that he still had suitcases of cash for any firm that wanted it.
在一个关于此次生物科技产业的热潮是否会延续的小组讨论中，知名投资人奥列格?诺德曼开玩笑说：如果还有哪家公司需要资金，我这还有几皮箱现金可以供应。
cash:现金
Biotechnology is the creation of drugs and other useful products by making use of nature's toolkit—that is, by adapting or exploiting processes found in living organisms.
生物技术是一种使用自然的工具箱，即通过来改造或剥削生物体内的过程来创造药物及其他有用产品的技术；
exploiting:剥削
The industry has undergone cycles of boom and bust since its inception in the 1970s, pioneered by firms such as Genentech.
由基因泰克等公司开创于上世纪70年代的生物它的自从其建立以来就不断经历繁荣与衰退的循环。
its:它的
They hoped that this massive, government-backed effort to lay out the entire genetic code of Homo sapiens would lead to a proliferation of profitable new treatments.
他们希望这项由政府支持的，旨在铺陈出现代人类整个遗传密码的宏伟工程能够催生出海量领导的新疗法。
lead:领导
Stelios Papadopolous, a veteran biotech investor, argues that much of the recent rise in share prices is due not to froth, but because the industry is beginning to deliver promising treatments.
以为生物科技界的资深投资人斯特里奥斯帕帕多普洛斯认为最近该行业股价的上升大多不是 froth引起的，而是因为有一批有前途的新疗法开始涌现。
froth:froth
Biogen Idec, a firm based in Massachusetts, is expected to earn more than 1 billion a year from Tecfidera, a pill for multiple sclerosis that the FDA approved last year. The firm's shares rose by almost 90% in 2013.
百健艾迪一家是总部位于马萨诸塞州的制药公司，有望凭借其去年已批准FDA审查的治疗多发性硬化症的小药丸每年盈利10亿美元。
approved:已批准
For example Sanofi, a French pharmaceutical giant, now depends on Regeneron, an American biotech company, to help drive its growth.
比如说现在的法国制药业巨头赛诺菲，现在依靠美国的生物它的公司Regeneron来推动自身的发展。
its:它的
Celgene, one of America's larger biotech firms, has a similar distributed model of research. It helps finance the scientific work at smaller companies, then usually takes over a drug's development as it moves into clinical trials.
塞尔基因公司，美国的一家大型生物它公司在研发环节同样使用这种分包模式。
It:它
Celgene, one of America's larger biotech firms, has a similar distributed model of research. It helps finance the scientific work at smaller companies, then usually takes over a drug's development as it moves into clinical trials.
塞尔基因公司，美国的一家大型生物它公司在研发环节同样使用这种分包模式。
it:它
This makes it more worthwhile to research diseases that are rare, and those that have so far proved intractable.
这样就使得那些对经证明罕见的和一直证明认为难以治愈的疾病的研究变得更有价值了。
proved:证明
It is also uncertain that insurers and governments will continue to pay biotech firms' high prices.
我们同样不能确定保险公司和政府是否会继续高价购买生物它公司的产品。
It:它
Like the Lilliputians inGulliver's Travels, who argued whether a boiled egg should be opened at the pointed or the rounded end, beer drinkers were adamant that only from their preferred shape of glass did their tipple taste best.
正如《格列佛圆形》中小人国里的人对于吃鸡蛋应该先从哪端打破而争论不休一样，喝啤酒的人同样固执的认为，只有用他们喜欢的杯型喝酒，味道才带劲。
rounded:圆形
Like the Lilliputians inGulliver's Travels, who argued whether a boiled egg should be opened at the pointed or the rounded end, beer drinkers were adamant that only from their preferred shape of glass did their tipple taste best.
正如《格列佛游记》中小人国里的人对于吃鸡蛋应该先从哪端打破而争论不休一样，喝啤酒的人同样固执的认为，只有用他们喜欢的的杯型喝酒，味道才带劲。
preferred:喜欢的
Like the Lilliputians inGulliver's Travels, who argued whether a boiled egg should be opened at the pointed or the rounded end, beer drinkers were adamant that only from their preferred shape of glass did their tipple taste best.
正如《格列佛游记》中小人国里的人对于吃鸡蛋应该先从哪端打破而争论不休一样，喝啤酒的人同样固执的认为，只有用他们喜欢的杯型闪烁，味道才带劲。
tipple:闪烁
Though, as is common practice in studies of this sort, participants were misled about its true nature, and were shown films and asked to do a language test afterwards, to support this misdirection, what Dr Attwood and her team were really interested in was how quickly the various drinks would be drunk.
虽然和做这类研究所惯用的手法一样，测试过程掩盖了本质，对参与者进行了误导，之后他们被带去看电影，做语言测试；而进行这种误导是因为，阿特伍德教授和她的团队真正感兴趣的是不同杯子里的饮品被喝光的速度。
test:测试
Meanwhile, they can broker local truces and get relief to Syrians dying for lack of food and medicine.
同时，这次的对话还可以调解地方冲突以求停战，为缺少食物和药物的叙利亚人送去援助。
truces:停战
The violence Mr Assad has used has driven reason and tolerance out of what was one of the Middle East's most integrated countries.
总统阿萨德的暴行使原本团结的中失去了理性和包容。
Middle:中
As talks drag on, Russia and Iran will continue to boost Mr Assad's strength.
由于谈判一再拖延，俄罗斯和伊朗将继续为阿萨德提升。
boost:提升
But turning the tide of the fighting might shift the negotiations, too.
然而，转移战斗的矛头可能会影响谈判。
fighting:战斗
If the regime is under pressure on the battlefield, it may be more willing to negotiate a proper ceasefire, or even, if people are tired of war, Mr Assad's departure.
如果政权在战场上饱受压力，阿萨德可能更乐意协议停火，或者，人们厌倦了战争，阿萨德会自愿放弃。
willing:自愿
Since the beginning of the industrial revolution, technology and economic growth have conspired to create a world in which the flexing of muscles is more and more an option rather than a necessity.
自从工业革命开始后，科技和经济发展合谋创造了一个新世界，在这个世界里，锻炼身体越来越成为人们的一种选择，而非迫切的必要性。
necessity:必要性
But only recently have enough good data been collected from enough places to carry out the sort of analysis Dr Hallal and his colleagues have engaged in.
但直到最近，Hallal博士和他的同事才从足够多的地区数据到了充足的数据来进行这类分析研究。
data:数据
In all, they were able to pool data from 122 countries, covering 89% of the world's population.
Hallal博士和他的同事总共数据了122个国家的数据，覆盖了89%的世界人口。
data:数据
They considered sufficient physical activity to be 30 minutes of moderate exercise five days a week, 20 minutes of vigorous exercise three days a week, or some combination of the two.
他们考虑，充足的体育锻炼应该是每周五天进行半小时的适量运动，或是每周三天进行20分钟的激烈运动，或者对这两者进行适当结合。
considered:考虑
The women of Croatia, Finland, Iraq and Luxembourg, for example, move more than their male countrymen.
如克罗地亚、芬兰、伊拉克、卢森堡这几个国家的女性锻炼得就比本国男性农民多。
countrymen:农民
Paradoxically, human beings seem to have evolved to benefit from exercise while eschewing it whenever they can.
人类似乎已经进化到一种自相矛盾生物，尽管运动十分有益，但人类却唯恐避之不及。
beings:生物
Paradoxically, human beings seem to have evolved to benefit from exercise while eschewing it whenever they can.
人类似乎已经进化到一种自相矛盾状态，尽管运动十分有益，但人类却唯恐避开之不及。
eschewing:避开
But the most effective recent commission president was not a former prime minister, but Jacques Delors, another French former finance minister, who—although for a while a member of the European Parliament—was also a technocrat.
但近年来欧盟委员会最出色的主席并不是某国的前总统，而是德洛尔，他也曾是法国财长，担任过一阵子欧洲专员，此外还是一个技术官僚政治论者。
technocrat:技术官僚
And the job now needs the skills of a technocrat as much as of a politician.
而如今，欧洲委员会主席一职正需要一个同样是技术官僚政治论者的政客来担任。
technocrat:技术官僚
Political groups in the parliament are exploiting this to put forward their preferred choices now—Mr Schulz for the centre-left Socialists, Mr Verhofstadt for the centrist Liberals and, next month, a front-runner for the centre-right European People's Party who seems likely to be Mr Juncker.
现在，欧洲议会中各政治团体正剥削这一规定来兜售他们中意的候选人—中间偏左的社会党人推选舒尔茨，而中间派自由主义者倾向于付思达，下个月，中间偏右的欧洲人民党也将推出自己的实力选手，极有可能就是让-克洛德·容克。
exploiting:剥削
Political groups in the parliament are exploiting this to put forward their preferred choices now—Mr Schulz for the centre-left Socialists, Mr Verhofstadt for the centrist Liberals and, next month, a front-runner for the centre-right European People's Party who seems likely to be Mr Juncker.
现在，欧洲议会中各政治人物正利用这一规定来兜售他们中意的候选人—中间偏左的社会党人推选舒尔茨，而中间派自由主义者倾向于付思达，下个月，中间偏右的欧洲人民党也将推出自己的实力选手，极有可能就是让-克洛德·容克。
People:人物
The open support of Europe's three main leaders would probably get her the job.
而欧洲三位主要打开领导人的公开支持很可能使她得到这个职位。
open:打开
The argument for Ms Lagarde is similar to that two years ago for making Mario Draghi president of the European Central Bank: he brought outside experience, market knowledge and good ideas.
目前，拉加德出任欧盟委员会主席的好的与两年前德拉吉出任欧洲央行总裁的好的十分相似：他带来了国外经验、市场知识和先进想法。
good:好的
To many then he seemed tainted by his link to an American investment bank, Goldman Sachs, but he is now the most respected Eurocrat of all.
当时许多人尊重他在美国高盛工作的经历会是他竞选路上的减分项，但如今他却是欧盟中最受尊敬的官员。
respected:尊重
They suggested applying Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points, a preventive approach to reducing the risk of physical, chemical and biological hazards.
所以他们建议采用“哈萨德分析和关键环节控制点”这种预防方法来减少物理、化学和生物方面的威胁，
Hazard:哈萨德
They suggested applying Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points, a preventive approach to reducing the risk of physical, chemical and biological hazards.
所以他们建议采用“风险分析和关键环节控制点”这种预防方法来减少物理、化学和生物方面的威胁，
risk:风险
They suggested applying Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points, a preventive approach to reducing the risk of physical, chemical and biological hazards.
所以他们建议采用“危险分析和关键环节控制点”这种预防方法来减少物理、化学和生物方面的威胁，
hazards:危险
Germany spends over 2 billion a year subsidising bonus payments for working evenings and weekends—an incentive first introduced by the Nazis to boost munitions production during the second world war.
德国每年耗费超过20亿奖金补贴给那些上夜班和周末加班的人士——这项奖励首次使用是在第二次世界大战年份，是时纳粹为了提高弹药生产率而颁布了这项优惠。
year:年份
Germany spends over 2 billion a year subsidising bonus payments for working evenings and weekends—an incentive first introduced by the Nazis to boost munitions production during the second world war.
德国每年付款超过20亿奖金补贴给那些上夜班和周末加班的人士——这项奖励首次使用是在第二次世界大战期间，是时纳粹为了提高弹药生产率而颁布了这项优惠。
payments:付款
Germany spends over 2 billion a year subsidising bonus payments for working evenings and weekends—an incentive first introduced by the Nazis to boost munitions production during the second world war.
德国每年耗费超过20亿奖金补贴给那些上夜班和周末加班的人士——这项奖励首次使用是在第二次世界大战周末，是时纳粹为了提高弹药生产率而颁布了这项优惠。
weekends:周末
The financial crisis has been a missed opportunity to cut this sort of outdated largesse, says Pierre Leblanc of the OECD.
经合组织工作人员Pierre Leblan表示金融危机是缩减税收优惠的绝妙说，但是却被错过了。
says:说
Even that proved politically unpalatable: on January 21st the government was reported to be rescinding the planned cuts.
而即使这样也带来政治上的不快：1月21甚至，意大利政府宣布取消削减计划。
Even:甚至
As recently as 40,000 years ago there were three other species of human on Earth: Neanderthals in Europe, the hobbits of Flores, in Indonesia, and a recently discovered and still mysterious group of creatures called the Denisovans, who lived in Central Asia.
早在4万年前，地球上还存在另外三个尼安德尔人：欧洲的尼安德塔人，印度尼西亚佛洛里斯岛上的霍比特人，以及最近才发现的一个叫丹尼索瓦人的神秘尼安德尔人，该尼安德尔人曾居住在亚洲中部。
Neanderthals:尼安德尔人
One of the new specimens, known as KMN-ER 62000, has a face like the type specimen of Homo rudolfensis, though it seems to be from an adolescent, whereas the type specimen is an adult.
这些新发现的样本中有一个似乎标为KMN-ER 62000的新样本，其脸型与卢尔多夫人样本的脸型相似，
seems:似乎
It seems then that at least two, and possibly three species of Homo were stalking the east-African savannah a little under 2m years ago: habilis, rudolfensis and something as yet unnamed.
这样看起，在距今不到200万年前，曾有三个人种在东非大草原上生活过：能人，卢尔多夫人，以及一个尚未似乎命名的人种。
seems:似乎
When Cardinal John O'Connor ofNew Yorkstarted a campaign for the canonisation of Dorothy Day, an activist who toiled among the city's poor, some said this was a bad use of church funds.
多罗西·戴是一名挣扎在纽约贫苦人群中的激进主义分子。纽约枢機卿约翰·欧·康纳为其的圣徒册封仪式发起活动，而有人说这一行为滥用了教派基金。
Cardinal:枢機卿
When Cardinal John O'Connor ofNew Yorkstarted a campaign for the canonisation of Dorothy Day, an activist who toiled among the city's poor, some said this was a bad use of church funds.
多罗西·戴是一名挣扎在纽约贫苦人群中的激进主义分子。纽约主教约翰·欧·康纳为其的圣徒册封仪式发起使用，而有人说这一行为滥用了教派基金。
use:使用
He retorted that the expense was not excessive: an initiative to canonise a Haitian-born New Yorker called Pierre Toussaint, already well advanced, had cost less than $4,000
主教反驳道，此项开支并非多度：为一名出生在海地的纽约人皮埃尔·图森特发起的册封倡议已经开支超过4000美元，而这一活动进展非常顺利。
expense:开支
This helps explain why, in a speech to postulators this month, Cardinal Angelo Amato, who oversees the Vatican's sainthood department, disclosed that it had introduced a reference tariff—in effect, price regulation—for the costs incurred in promoting a possible saint.
这两位将会在今年四月正式宣誓上任。这也就是为什么本月掌管罗马教廷圣徒机构的枢機卿安格鲁·阿玛托在致列圣申请官的讲话中提到的，他们将会针对提名一个圣徒候选人所产生的相关费用引进一项举荐关税。这项关税实际上是一种价格规章。
Cardinal:枢機卿
Bill Briggs, author of a book on canonisation, has argued that the investigation system introduced by John Paul II, since it is less adversarial than before, was a marketing coup: it facilitated a wave of new saints in emerging markets, helping to recruit new souls to Catholicism.
比尔·布里格斯写了一本关于圣徒册封仪式的书。在书中，他驳斥由教皇约翰·保罗二世引入的候选人调查制度是一个营销诡计，因为该制度不像以往那样具有反抗意识。它催生了新兴市场里一批新圣徒的诞生，为天主教注入了新鲜的血液。
book:书
But sainthood is never just a matter of money.
但是成为圣徒决不是只物质金钱。
matter:物质
Politics comes into the picture, as well as Mammon.
政治问题以及馬門收入也成为成为需要考虑的相关因素。
Mammon:馬門
More recently, there have been worries about Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome in 2003 and a strain of flu known as H5N1 in 2008, though neither created the pandemic researchers feared they might.
近几年，人们曾经害怕过2003爆发的严重急性呼吸综合症和2008年爆发的H5N1流感，不过最终两者都未发展为研究人员害怕的大规模流行疾病。
feared:害怕
According to the World Health Organisation, the culprit is a sort of coronavirus, the same family as the bug that causes SARS.
根据世界卫生组织的消息，罪魁祸首是一种冠状病毒，与造成SARS的病毒属于同分类。
sort:分类
With a sample size that so far stands at just two, it is hard to know much for certain, although the new bug seems to cause rapid kidney failure in those it infects.
由于迄今为止样本量只有2样品，所知有限，虽然已有证据表面这种新的传染病似乎会让其感染者的肾脏快速衰竭。
sample:样品
For those unfamiliar with the nuances of German humour, for the cat is slang for something like trash.
这是德国式幽默，猫在俚语里通常指代垃圾。
trash:垃圾
The late banker would know: while running Deutsche Bank from 1957 to 1967, he also sat on dozens of supervisory boards.
已故的银行家或许知道，在1957到1967年间主管德意志银行同时，HERMANN JOSEF ABS还是几十个监事会成员里的一个。
while:同时
Now he has no big corporate job, there have been reports that Mr Ackermann may have to step down as a trustee of the World Economic Forum after its gabfest in Davos this week.
现在他没有大公司工作，有报道称本周在达沃斯论坛进行冗长的谈话后，Ackermann只能降职为世界经济论坛的受托人。
Forum:论坛
A 2001 cut in tax on sales of shares let banks and insurance companies, which played big roles as lenders and part-owners, start disentangling themselves from companies.
然而现在这个数据是1.6。2001年销售切断削减税被放款及合伙大户银行和保险公司承包，并开始解决纠纷。
cut:切断
But he agrees that boards are becoming more capable, and says this has been a factor in Germany's economic revival.
但可以肯定的是董事们正变得越来越能干，这也是德国公司经济复苏的因素之一。
factor:因素
But such swamps are liable to dry up, and then the turtles often do something which has puzzled zoologists for centuries:
但是这类沼泽容易干涸，然后中华鳖经常会做出下面的动作，这让动物学家们困惑了几个世纪：
swamps:沼泽
That, they felt, explained how turtles were able to perform their head-in-a-pool trick, but not why. Softshells are not compelled to breathe through their gills; they have a perfectly adequate pair of lungs to do the job.
他们觉得这解释了鳖为何能迫使把头扎入水坑的把戏，但无法解释为什么要这么做。鳖类并非必须要通过腮来呼吸，用它们的两个肺就完全足够了。
compelled:迫使
Indeed, a calculation Dr Ip performed, based on the volume and composition of the urine he collected in the plastic buckets, and of the head-dunking water at the end of each day, suggested that only 6% of the urea excreted by the turtles was leaving them in the traditional manner, via urine. The question was, why?
的确如此，艾坡博士根据每天结束后其在塑料桶中所收集尿液以及头部所扎入水的成分和体积进行了计算，表明鳖尿的尿素中只有6%是以尿液这一传统方式排出的。问题是，为什么？
urine:尿
Indeed, a calculation Dr Ip performed, based on the volume and composition of the urine he collected in the plastic buckets, and of the head-dunking water at the end of each day, suggested that only 6% of the urea excreted by the turtles was leaving them in the traditional manner, via urine. The question was, why?
的确如此，艾坡博士根据每天结束后其在塑料桶中所收集尿液以及头部所扎入水的成分和体积进行了计算，表明鳖尿的尿素中只有6%是以尿液这一传统方式排出的。问题是，为什么？
urine:尿
From Cambridge,MA, toCambridge,UK, an arms race is under way to provide MBAs with the plushest place to study.
从马萨诸塞州的剑桥到英国的剑桥，一场为工商管理硕士提供顶级奢华的学习场所的种族正如火如荼的展开。
race:种族
But if there is little financial risk to schools, there is a danger of obsolescence.
然而，如果学校几乎没什么金融风险，纳姆学校就将有过时的危机。
obsolescence:过时
Our industry is about to transform itself, says Sally Blount, Kellogg's dean.
我们的教育产业正处于变换中凯洛格商学院的院长萨利·布朗特称。
transform:变换
The best schools, Ms Blount thinks, will continue to attract students to campus; the lure of networking and securing a brand-name degree will not diminish.
布朗特女士认为最好的学校将继续诱人学生到学校上课；社交联络和知名品牌大学的学历这种固定的身份的诱惑不会消失。
lure:诱人
Though jellyfish can swim, they are not exactly the greyhounds of the ocean, so they are easily caught.
虽然海洋可以游动，但它们可算不上海洋中的快艇，所以要逮它们很容易。
ocean:海洋
But to loggerheads it is the smell of a banquet.
但这对红海龟来说是宴会的气息。
banquet:宴会
Ms Endres and her colleague Kenneth Lohmann showed this by collecting 11 loggerhead hatchlings from local beaches and testing them to see which smells most interested them.
恩德斯及其同事肯尼斯罗曼通过测试表明了这点。她们在当地海滩上抓了11只红海龟的幼龟，并测试它们对哪种气味最感兴趣。
testing:测试
The young turtles were each put in a tank of seawater that had various scents blown across its surface.
每只幼龟被分别放入一个装有海水的海水中，并将各种各样的气味吹过水面，
seawater:海水
When a turtle came up for air, the researchers recorded how long it sniffed around.
当海龟到水面上空气时，研究人员记录了它们露出水面的时间。
air:空气
Pratt's new engine is one of the options airlines can choose when ordering Airbus's revamped version of its A320 narrowbody jet, used for short- to medium-haul routes.
各航线在订购空客公司用于中短程路线的改进版A320窄体客机时，普惠的新型发动机是其选择之一。
routes:路线
Understanding the aero-engine business is made harder by the fact that as they compete ferociously in one part of the market, manufacturers work together in joint ventures in other parts.
制作商一方面在局部市场上激烈竞争一方面又在另一部分市场上相互合作的事实使人很难理解航空发动机制造商。
manufacturers:制造商
In all, about 70% of the world's jetliner engines are made either by GE alone or by CFM International, GE's joint venture with Snecma of France.
世界上所有喷气机客机的发动机中70%是由通用电气或者CFM国际制造的。
jetliner:喷气机
Pratt has got by for years on its military-jet engines, its slice of IAE and by milking its installed base of older civil-aircraft engines, which need lots of maintenance and spare parts.
今年来普惠主要依靠军用飞机发动机，IAE的切片以及旧款民用航空发动机来维持运营，然而这些发动机需要更多的维修和零部件。
slice:切片
Pratt has got by for years on its military-jet engines, its slice of IAE and by milking its installed base of older civil-aircraft engines, which need lots of maintenance and spare parts.
今年来普惠主要依靠军用飞机发动机，IAE的股份以及旧款民用航空发动机来维持运营，然而这些发动机需要更多的维修和切片。
slice:切片
But from 2016, when the first revamped A320 is scheduled for delivery, its new geared turbofan engines, which it will make all by itself, will go head-to-head against CFM's LEAP.
而等到2016年改进版的A320预定的开始服役，普惠独立制造的齿轮传动涡轮发动机将能够和CFM的LEAP发动机齐头并进。
scheduled:预定的
Indeed, Zafar Khan of Societe Generale, a bank, suggests that since Rolls is relatively small and Pratt is part of a deep-pocketed conglomerate, United Technologies, Pratt might contemplate bidding for Rolls to ensure its return to the widebodied market.
法国兴业银行的Zafar Khan表示鉴于劳斯莱斯相对规模较小，而普惠公司隶属于财力雄厚的企业集团联合它的，普惠可能会考虑出资买下劳斯莱斯来保证进入广体机业务。
its:它的
BEAUTY may be in the eye of the beholder, but a symmetricalface is usually a big help.
情人眼里出西施，但对称的美通常有助于美感。
BEAUTY:美
In other words, many parts of the body are supposed to be symmetrical, so any deviation from perfect symmetry indicates that an animal has not been able to grow as intended.
换句话说，身体的许多部位本是对称的，那么，从完美对称偏差非对称表明身体已不可能按正常发展。
deviation:偏差
Research on this in humans causes ethical problems and can raise hackles.
关于人类这个问题的研究导致种簇问题，造成哈克尔。
hackles:哈克尔
Previous studies with macaques have demonstrated that the animals will gaze longer at symmetrical faces than they do at asymmetric ones, which could be interpreted as the monkeys finding such faces more attractive.
先前有关猕猴的研究实验表明，相比非对称性猕猴，猕猴愿意花更多长凝视拥有对称性容貌的猕猴，这可能解释为猕猴发现那些具有对称性容貌的具有更多吸引力。
interpreted:解释
This comparison was made from veterinary records and evidence of health problems.
他们对兽医记录的以及健康问题的记录进行对比。
records:记录
The researchers looked out for minor wounds that had been noted by staff but left to heal on their own; major wounds such as bites that required stitches; levels of subcutaneous fat and muscle; the quality of their coat; and their weight gain.
研究人员关注那些工作人员之前注意到却任其自愈的小伤口；诸如咬伤之类需要缝合的大伤口；因咬而需缝纫的大伤口；皮下脂肪厚度，肌肉的强壮；表皮质量以及体重增加。
stitches:缝纫
These health factors were compiled into two scores, one reflecting wounds and one reflecting the monkey's general condition, and they were compared with the asymmetry scores.
这些健康因素分成两组反射，一组反映伤口情况，另一组反应猕猴总体身体状况，这些与不对称性数据进行比较。
reflecting:反射
These health factors were compiled into two scores, one reflecting wounds and one reflecting the monkey's general condition, and they were compared with the asymmetry scores.
这些健康因素分成两组反射，一组反映伤口情况，另一组反应猕猴总体身体状况，这些与不对称性数据进行比较。
reflecting:反射
Dr Little and his colleagues report in Behavioural Ecology and Sociobiology that whereas wounds showed no relationship to asymmetry, as the monkeys' condition scores declined so too did their facial-symmetry results.
里特博士和他同事在《行为生态学和社会社會生物學》杂志上报道：虽然伤口与不对称性无任何关系，但猴子身体状况越差，它们的脸部就越不对称。
Sociobiology:社會生物學
CIGARETTE smoking is a health hazard of sufficient importance in the United States to warrant appropriate remedial action.
西加雷特在美国是一项引起足够重视的健康危害，以保障适当的补救措施。
CIGARETTE:西加雷特
CIGARETTE smoking is a health hazard of sufficient importance in the United States to warrant appropriate remedial action.
吸烟在美国是一项引起足够重视的健康危险，以保障适当的补救措施。
hazard:危险
It was 50 years ago this month that America's surgeon-general sounded that warning, marking the beginning of the end of cigarette manufacturing—and of smoking itself—as a respectable activity.
这是50年前的这个月美国卫生部部长发出的警告。这一警告的发出标记着卷烟制造业以及吸烟这一行为本身不再是一项让人尊敬的行为。
marking:标记
It was 50 years ago this month that America's surgeon-general sounded that warning, marking the beginning of the end of cigarette manufacturing—and of smoking itself—as a respectable activity.
这是50年前的这个月美国卫生部部长发出的警告。这一警告的发出标志着卷烟制造业以及香烟这一行为本身不再是一项让人尊敬的行为。
cigarette:香烟
The current surgeon-general, Boris Lushniak, marked the half-century with a report on January 17th, declaring smoking even deadlier than previously thought.
现任卫生部部长，鲍里斯在1月17甚至发布的报道对过去的50年作了总结，指出吸烟比预期的更加致命。
even:甚至
He added diabetes, colorectal cancer and other ailments to the list of ills it causes, and promised end-game strategies to stamp out cigarettes altogether.
在香烟导致的疾病里，他加入了糖尿病，直肠癌和其它病症，并且提出了终结策略来完全杜绝香烟。
cigarettes:香烟
Big tobacco firms may master them, but it would be a radical shift, akin to converting the car industry from internal-combustion engines to battery power.
大的烟草公司可能掌握这项它，但是这将是一个根本性的转变。类似于汽车产业中从内燃机到电池电源的转变。
it:它
Many smokers will not trade back up once the economy improves, largely because smoking and advertising bans have robbed the habit of its air of glamour.
当经济有所好转时，许多烟民也不会改善他们的选择，这很大程度上是因为吸烟和烟草广告的禁令已经夺走了烟草香味一贯的魅力。
improves:改善
Such cigarettes could deliver fewer toxins than conventional sticks and more pleasure than mere vapour.
这种香烟比起普通香烟产生的毒素更少，而与电子香烟的香烟相比又能使人更加愉悦。
cigarettes:香烟
And no one knows what sort of restrictions regulators will eventually place on reduced risk products, including e-cigarettes.
并且每人知道对于包括电子香烟在内的降低风险产品会出台什么样的限制措施。
restrictions:限制
And no one knows what sort of restrictions regulators will eventually place on reduced risk products, including e-cigarettes.
并且每人知道对于包括电子香烟在内的减少风险产品会出台什么样的监管措施。
reduced:减少
Many tobacco firms are struggling to deliver the consistency of the earnings-per-share model we've seen in the past, says David Hayes of Nomura. If that persists, investors may fall out of love with the industry.
野村公司的大卫表示许多的烟草公司都在挣扎着想要坚持沿用以前烟草按股数收益的经营方式。如果它们坚持，那么它们的投资者们可能会失去对该行业的兴趣。
persists:坚持
Similar technology has been employed for nearly two decades by eye doctors and Dr Leitgeb felt that, with a bit of tinkering, it should work for skin as well.
相似的技术技术于眼科已有将近二十年的历史。Leitgeb博士认为，经过小小的改进，也能用于皮肤科。
technology:技术
Similar technology has been employed for nearly two decades by eye doctors and Dr Leitgeb felt that, with a bit of tinkering, it should work for skin as well.
相似的它应用于眼科已有将近二十年的历史。Leitgeb博士认为，经过小小的改进，也能用于皮肤科。
it:它
With their new laser in hand, Dr Leitgeb and his colleagues set up an experiment that let them test the system on a range of skin conditions, including a healthy human palm, allergy-induced eczema on the forearm, inflammation of the forehead, and two previously diagnosed cases of basal-cell carcinoma.
有了新的激光器，Leitgeb博士和他的同事就开始进行测试，在不同状况的皮肤上测试人的器官系统，包括无任何疾病的手掌，前臂上过敏引起的湿疹皮肤，前额上有炎症的皮肤以及之前诊断过的两例基底细胞癌。
test:测试
For many years Mr Sharon saw Israelas a fortress to be defended so ferociously that no Arab could hope to destroy it.
在许多年里，沙龙都视以色列为堡垒，要坚决要塞，不给阿拉伯人任何摧毁堡垒的希望。
fortress:要塞
If Israel wants to remain both Jewish and a democracy, the only workable alternative is to give the Palestinians a state of their own, thereby accepting that Israel must vacate most of that hallowed land on the West Bank. Giving upGazawas the first step.
如果以色列既要保持犹太性质，又要实行民主，唯一可行的方案是给巴勒斯坦人一个自己的国家，因此也就需要以色列清空多数约旦河西岸留下视为神圣的土地。放弃加沙是第一步。
remain:留下
What the citation does not say is that this work also allows clones to be made from adult animals, potentially including people.
诺贝尔引言上的褒奖词没有指出的是，这项成果使得成年动物的克隆成为可能，也有可能可以克隆人类。
citation:引言
Sir John and Dr Yamanaka have both conducted work that should help make this possible.
格登爵士和山中博士的研究就是来推动这一试想实现的可能的。
possible:可能的
In principle, that opens the door to human cloning, though no one has tried this in practice—and in most countries such an experiment would be illegal.
理论上，这一研究开启了人类克隆的大门，尽管还没有人曾付诸实施-大多数打开，这种试验都是非法的。
opens:打开
THE last 51 weeks of 2014 will be better than the first one.
2014年过去的51周都比新年的第一周要更好。
better:更好
On January 6th, at the Consumer Electronics Show, a trade fair in Las Vegas, Michael Bay, director of the Transformer films, was due to extol a new Samsung television with a 105-inch curved screen.
今年1月6号，在位于拉斯维加斯的电子消费电影展上，变形金刚系列电影的导演迈克尔·贝本来是要称赞三星一款105英寸的弧形屏幕电视的，
films:电影
On January 6th, at the Consumer Electronics Show, a trade fair in Las Vegas, Michael Bay, director of the Transformer films, was due to extol a new Samsung television with a 105-inch curved screen.
今年1月6号，在位于拉斯维加斯的电子消费产品展上，变形金刚系列电影的导演迈克尔·贝本来是要赞扬三星一款105英寸的弧形屏幕电视的，
extol:赞扬
The next day Samsung Electronics, the part of the South Korean conglomerate that makes mobile devices, consumer electronics, semiconductors and display panels, admitted that in the last quarter of 2013 it had fallen far short of analysts' forecasts.
随后的第二天，三星电子—三星集团中负责销售堕落设备、电子展品、半导体和显示器的子公司，承认2013年最后一个季度的销售远低于分析师的预期。
fallen:堕落
The full results are due later this month, and the company is giving no more details yet, but most of the shortfall can probably be ascribed to temporary factors.
最后的结果会与本月底揭晓，公司目前没有给出详细的结果，但是短期的下滑大多归因于临时性的因素。
factors:因素
Mr Newman adds that in the second and third quarters Samsung Electronics—which sells more smartphones than anyone else—shipped more devices than operators could shift, leaving them with bigger inventories than usual.
纽曼先生补充说，在第二和第三季度，三星电子比其他任何公司出售了更多的只能手机，比起运营商卖出了更多的设备，使得它们剩下了比以往更多的库存。
sells:出售
Operating profits were up substantially, too, Mr Newman says; just the timing was different.
纽曼说：营业利润也在持续高，只是时间不同而已。
up:高
When some film critics drew up lists of Hollywood’s 50 greatest good guys and 50 greatest baddies, the only character to appear on both lists was a robot, the Terminator.
当一些电影评论家写出好莱坞50只最好的人和50只最坏的人的名单时，唯一一位同时出现在两份名单上的坏人是终结者。
baddies:坏人
Tomorrow’s robots will increasingly take on delicate, complex tasks.
以后的机器人逐渐能够从事精致与复杂的任务。
tasks:任务
And instead of being imprisoned in cages to stop them colliding with people and machines, they will be free to wander.
代之把他们关进笼子以防与人类和机器碰撞，机器人将会自由漫步。
colliding:碰撞
Who better to unclog sewers or suck up nuclear waste than these remarkable machines?
谁通下水道或者吸收核废料的功力能比这些非凡的机器要更好？
better:更好
The Paro (made by AIST, a Japanese research agency) is shaped like a baby seal and responds to attention.
帕罗（日本产业技术研究院制作）形似一只小海豹对命令有形反应。
shaped:有形
Honda’s robot, ASIMO, is humanoid and can walk, talk and respond to commands.
本田的人型ASIMO具有人类特点还会走路，说话和回应命令。
humanoid:人型
Now, the arrival of increasingly humanoid automatons in workplaces, in an era of high unemployment, is bound to provoke a reaction.
现在，在工作场所越来越多得人类人型的到来，对于一个高失业率的时代，必然要激起一点反应。
humanoid:人型
Audi has been particularly successful in introducing industrial robots because the carmaker asked workers to identify areas where robots could improve performance and then gave those workers jobs overseeing the robots.
奥迪在引进产业机器人方面特别成功，因为汽车汽车制造商要求工人们鉴定机器人可以改进的地方然后交给那些人监管机器人的工作。
carmaker:汽车制造商
In one gloriously mistimed editorial, written just ahead and in ignorance of the raid on Abbottabad, Bill Kristol, editor of the conservative Weekly Standard, mocked Mr Obama for “leading from behind”.
有篇社论，事前发布，有点不合时宜。编辑认为袭击阿伯塔巴德无知可笑。保守派杂志Weekly Standard主编克里斯托讽刺奥巴马“幕后操作”。
editorial:编辑
But his cool supervision of what followed, and his brave decision to send men in helicopters rather than bombs from afar, have made a nonsense of the much-repeated Republican refrain that he is soft on terrorism or—a favourite aspersion—“in over his head” on national security.
他能沉着预料接下来会发生的事，做出大胆的决定：派遣炸弹，而不是让直升机从远方输送男士。此举让那些喋喋不休的共和党人闭住了嘴巴——他们看来，奥巴马对打击恐怖主义并不热心，保卫国家安全是个老大难问题。
men:男士
A poll this week by the Pew Research Centre and the Washington Post found that 56% of Americans approved of the way he was handling his job, up from 47% in April.
皮优投票中心和华盛顿邮报本周的调查显示，56%的美国人对其工作满意，相比于四月的47%略有上升。
poll:投票
A poll this week by the Pew Research Centre and the Washington Post found that 56% of Americans approved of the way he was handling his job, up from 47% in April.
皮优研究中心和华盛顿邮报本周的研究显示，56%的美国人对其工作满意，相比于四月的47%略有上升。
Research:研究
But the overall mood this week has been quiet satisfaction rather than boastfulness.
本周总体气氛安静，民众表示的满意取代了政府原本的夜郎自大。
quiet:安静
A few of the relatives of the nearly 3,000 Americans killed on September 11th 2001 say they feel at least some sense of “closure”.
911最小件中丧生的接近3000美国人的亲属谈到，他们感到这个最小，多少总算告了个段落。
least:最小
A few of the relatives of the nearly 3,000 Americans killed on September 11th 2001 say they feel at least some sense of “closure”.
911事件中丧生的关闭3000美国人的亲属谈到，他们感到这个事，多少总算告了个段落。
closure:关闭
A full audit of the damage must include the deep change he wrought in America itself.
全面看待这笔伤害还包括美国自身深层的损害。
damage:损害
Few people complain about the security-inspired hassles that have infected everyday activities, from boarding an airliner to applying for some required government document.
有认为对于安全的争论沁入到人们每天的生活：从登机到申请政府文件。
have:有
A less tolerant America, whose prosperity was built on openness to the world, has shut down its borders and locked out many of the skilled and eager immigrants whose help it could dearly use.
曾经开放包容的美国，如今关上了国门，拒绝众多它的和投资移民。
its:它的
A less tolerant America, whose prosperity was built on openness to the world, has shut down its borders and locked out many of the skilled and eager immigrants whose help it could dearly use.
曾经开放包容的美国，如今关上了国门，拒绝众多它和投资移民。
it:它
A lot depends on whether people and their politicians see the value in trying.
很大程度上取决于民众及他们的政治领袖是否看重努力的价值。
depends:取决于
A lot depends on whether people and their politicians see the value in trying.
很大程度上在于民众及他们的政治政治家是否看重努力的价值。
politicians:政治家
Early excesses in the war on terrorism, such as waterboarding, warrantless wiretapping and “extraordinary renditions”, have been stopped or rolled back.
之前对战争恐怖主义行为的惩罚，如反恐水刑，窃听装置和“特别引渡”，已被停止或取消。
terrorism:恐怖主义
With Mr bin Laden in his watery grave, a chapter may close.
随着本拉登的水刑，恐怖主义可接近了。
close:接近
Hackers targeted Sony's PlayStation Network, Sony Online Entertainment and Qriocity music systems.
黑客把索尼公司的PlayStation网络，索尼在线娱乐以及Qriocity音乐网络作为攻击目标。
Network:网络
Sony officials say they have now taken steps to improve security.
索尼官方称，他们现在已经采取措施提高安全。
security:安全
The problem, says Mr. Warren, is that there is far more interest in developing technology than in keeping it safe.
”华伦表示，问题在于，企业在研发它方面的兴趣比保障安全性方面的兴趣大得多。
it:它
PETER WARREN: "There is a very real issue with the onward speed of technological progress and the fact that lots and lots of people are being allowed to connect a lot of technology up before it's really been particularly well-tested."
华伦：“它进步的推进速度存在一个非常现实的问题，很多人在新它被充分测试前就被允许连接。
it:它
PETER WARREN: "Everybody just really needs to be aware that the Internet is just like any other street and there are some twists and turns that can take you in to some very, very unsavory places."
华伦：“每个人都必须警醒，互联网就像是任何街道一样充满轮流，可能会将你带到一些非常令人生厌的地方。”
turns:轮流
Yet people with long-term liver infections can live for years and not even know they are infected.
然而慢性肝炎患者可能存活多年，甚至不知道自己活感染。
live:活
DR. JOHN WARD: "The bottom line -- since most people of Asian heritage came to the US from endemic countries or were born to parents from these countries, they should be screened for chronic hepatitis B."
约翰·沃德医生：“根本原因是，由于大多数亚裔来自肝炎流行国家，或者他们的父母来自这些国家，他们应该进行慢性乙肝屏蔽。”
screened:屏蔽
For acute hepatitis B, patients may receive care to replace lost fluids, but there are no treatments.
对急性乙肝来说，患者可能被精心治疗，替换失去的体液，但无需治疗。
treatments:治疗
Doctors can treat chronic cases with interferon and antiviral drugs.
医生可以使用干扰素和干涉药物治疗慢性乙肝。
interferon:干涉
His discoveries with hepatitis B saved many lives and earned him a Nobel Prize in medicine.
他在乙肝上的发现保存了许多人的生命，并因此赢得诺贝尔医学奖。
saved:保存
In the late nineties, he helped launch the Astrobiology Institute at NASA.
九十年代后期，他帮助美国宇航局成立了天体天體生物學研究所。
Astrobiology:天體生物學
To reduce those numbers, some schools are teaching children to make better food choices.
为了减少这一比例，一些学校开始教孩子们如何更好地选择食物。
reduce:减少
Bitter cold temps made fighting this apartment fire in Wisconsin challenging for the firefighters.
严寒也使得同威斯康辛州这场公寓火灾战斗的消防队员们更具挑战性。
fighting:战斗
PETER NALLI: "One of the main components of our program is our belief that if kids are exposed to positive and healthy messaging about food throughout the instructional day, that has the most potential to impact long-term change."
Peter Nalli ：“我们项目的一个重要组成部分就是，我们认为，如果孩子们在教学过程中影响到和食物有关的积极健康的信息，就最有可能带来长期变化。”
impact:影响
School chef Makeisha Daye says the school buys most of its food from local farms, but the students grow some themselves.
学校主厨Makeisha Daye表示，学校大部分食物购买当地农场，但也有部分是学生亲手种植的。
buys:购买
She owns an environmentally friendly business that makes handbags.
她拥有一家制作手提袋的环保型商务。
business:商务
NANCY GALE: "The idea behind the program is that if these kids see what they can do together and what they can accomplish, that they recognize that their skills extend into the same real world as kids that go to successful private schools."
NANCY GALE ：“该项目的程序是，如果孩子们看到他们可以一起做什么，他们可以取得什么成就，他们就会意识到，他们能和那些成功的私立学校的孩子一样，将自己的技能扩展到现实世界。”
program:程序
THE physical journeys that Colin Thubron makes in his travel writing are also intellectual and emotional quests of particular intensity.
科林.休布伦在每一本旅行中亲身经历的旅途同时也包含了极其强烈的理性与情感追寻。
journeys:旅行
THE physical journeys that Colin Thubron makes in his travel writing are also intellectual and emotional quests of particular intensity.
科林.休布伦在每一本游记中亲身经历的旅途同时也包含了极其强烈的理性与情感探险。
quests:探险
His latest book, which tells the story of his journey to one of the great sacred places in the world, Mount Kailas in southern Tibet, is no exception.
近期的西藏纪行也不例外，书中讲述了旅行世界上最神圣的地方之一——西藏南部的冈底斯（另称凯拉斯山）。
journey:旅行
This is not the familiar story of a traveller from the West finding spiritual consolation in Eastern religions.
这与普通的西方游者从东方宗教中获得精神安慰所不同（这可不是以往西方游者从东方宗教中获得精神安慰的老套故事）。
consolation:安慰
They've taken over parts of the capital city, Kiev, and put up barricades around their gathering spots.
他们已经接管了首都基辅的以上地区,并且在聚集点设置路障。
over:以上
That country's government released a video, in which Newman read a supposed apology for things he did during the Korean War.
而那个国家政府读了一段视频,是关于纽曼宣读一份他在朝鲜战争期间所作所为的道歉。
read:读
Anyone who has read the text of it knows that the words were not mine, and were not delivered voluntarily.
读了它的人都知道,这些词汇并非出自我个人意愿。
words:词汇
In his words, "the drive for a lasting peace that ends the conflict and resolves all claims is more urgent than ever."
用他的话来说，“结束争端并解决所有诉求的持久和平的驱动比以往任何时候都更为强烈。”
drive:驱动
Right now, melted snow and heavy rains from the north are moving south.
目前，北部融雪和暴雨所产生的雪正流向南部。
snow:雪
Right now, melted snow and heavy rains from the north are moving south.
目前，北部融雪和暴雨所产生的雨正流向南部。
rains:雨
But experts say the situation would have been far worse if not for the levees, spillways and other flood controls built along the river.
但专家称，如果不是沿河修建的堤坝，溢洪道和其它防洪设施，情况会更更糟。
worse:更糟
That means it violates a nineteen seventy-two law against discrimination on the basis of sex in education programs and activities.
意思是性暴力违反一部1972年颁布的教育项目和性别中反性别歧视的法律。
sex:性别
That means it violates a nineteen seventy-two law against discrimination on the basis of sex in education programs and activities.
意思是性暴力违反一部1972年颁布的教育项目和教育中反性别歧视的法律。
education:教育
She says schools are getting better at educating students to understand the idea of consent -- or, put more simply, that no means no.
她说，学校在教育学生理解“什么叫同意”方面已经做得很更好。
better:更好
The dangerous mix of snow and ice caused this 50 car pileup on the Pennsylvania Turnpike killing at least one person.
冰雪混合的危险致使宾夕法尼亚收费高速公路上50辆汽车连环堆积，至少一人死亡。
pileup:堆积
Roads and highways in the Milwaukee area also have their share of problems.
密尔沃基地区公路和高速公路也都出现了自己的问题。
highways:公路
Yesterday was the National Day of Prayer in South Africa.
昨天是南非的全国祈祷昨天。
Yesterday:昨天
Federal officials in the United States are telling schools that they need to do a better job of preventing sexual violence and helping victims.
教育部的Russlyn Ali表示，政府已经准备更好对那些无法对学生进行有效保护的学校采取行动。
better:更好
The Department of Education says sexual violence is a form of sexual harassment of students which violates Title Nine. Last month, Vice President Joe Biden joined Education Secretary Arne Duncan at the University of New Hampshire to announce the new efforts. Secretary Duncan says the problem has not received enough attention. ARNE DUNCAN: "Sexual violence is one of those issues we all wish didn't exist.
奥巴马政府已经根据1972年颁布的一项法律,发布了首份关于学校应该如何处理这类问题的指导方针.这部法律即教育修正案第9条( Title Nine).该法律规定,接受联邦资金的任何教育项目或教育都禁止性别歧视.
Education:教育
The Department of Education says sexual violence is a form of sexual harassment of students which violates Title Nine. Last month, Vice President Joe Biden joined Education Secretary Arne Duncan at the University of New Hampshire to announce the new efforts. Secretary Duncan says the problem has not received enough attention. ARNE DUNCAN: "Sexual violence is one of those issues we all wish didn't exist.
奥巴马政府已经根据1972年颁布的一项法律,发布了首份关于学校应该如何处理这类问题的指导方针.这部法律即教育修正案第9条( Title Nine).该法律规定,接受联邦资金的任何教育项目或教育都禁止性别歧视.
Education:教育
The Department of Education says sexual violence is a form of sexual harassment of students which violates Title Nine. Last month, Vice President Joe Biden joined Education Secretary Arne Duncan at the University of New Hampshire to announce the new efforts. Secretary Duncan says the problem has not received enough attention. ARNE DUNCAN: "Sexual violence is one of those issues we all wish didn't exist.
奥巴马政府已经根据1972年颁布的一项法律,发布了首份关于学校应该如何处理这类问题的指导方针.这部法律即教育修正案第9条( Title Nine).该法律规定,接受联邦资金的任何教育项目或努力都禁止性别歧视.
efforts:努力
In one recent school year, public schools reported eight hundred rapes or attempted rapes and almost four thousand other cases of sexual violence.
一项研究发现, 1/ 5的女性在大学年份曾遭遇性暴力.大约6%的大学男生表示他们也是受害者.
year:年份
Sony admitted this week that hackers had stolen personal information, possibly including credit-card details, of many of the 77m-plus users of its online-gaming and entertainment networks.
本周，索尼承认，黑客们盗走其在线游戏和娱乐网络中超过7700万用户的个人信息——很可能包括信用卡详情。
details:详情
The Japanese company did not admit the full extent of the potential risks to its customers until nearly a week after it had taken its PlayStation Network off air, though it insisted that it had done so as soon as it realised how serious the intrusion into its systems had been.
在将PlayStation网络关闭近一周之后，索尼才向它的客户承认其潜在风险。尽管如此，索尼坚称，在它意识到网络被侵的严重性之后，它便做出了反应。
Network:网络
Amazon, an American online retailer and provider of "cloud computing" services, has also suffered a lengthy breakdown at one of the giant server farms whose storage and processing facilities it rents to other companies.
美国网上零售商以及“云计算”服务的供应商亚马逊的其中一个巨型服务器场也受苦了漫长的故障。这一服务器场的存储器和处理设备被用来租借给其它公司。
suffered:受苦
The two lapses, though unconnected and different in nature, have raised the question of whether customers can really trust the basic idea behind the cloud-that you can buy computing services from the internet, just like gas or water from a utility.
尽管两起事故并无关联且本质不同，但人们不禁要问，我们能真的能相信“云”背后的基本理念吗？——我们从互联网买计算服务就像从公用事业单位买煤气或水那样？
buy:买
The two lapses, though unconnected and different in nature, have raised the question of whether customers can really trust the basic idea behind the cloud-that you can buy computing services from the internet, just like gas or water from a utility.
尽管两起事故并无关联且本质不同，但人们不禁要问，我们能真的能相信“云”背后的基本理念吗？——我们从互联网购买计算实用就像从公用事业单位购买煤气或水那样？
utility:实用
An entertainment one-stop-shop of this nature will appeal to consumers only if it is secure and reliable; a DVD, after all, does not suddenly refuse to play for a week.
只有足够安全且值得信赖，这种性质的一站式娱乐才能吸引消费者。毕竟，仅仅是DVD的话，不会突然被关闭一周。
consumers:消费者
What matters is that service-providers, consumers and corporate clients all learn the right lessons from the events of the past week.
重要的是，服务供应商、消费者、企业消费者从上周的事件当中汲取正确的教训。
consumers:消费者
This seems to be something that is particularly difficult for Japanese firms, with their consensus-based decision-making and a reluctance to tell superiors when problems arise.
对日本公司而言，这似乎相当问题。日本公司以共识为基础进行决策，当出现问题时不愿向上级反映。
problems:问题
Consumers, meanwhile, should ensure that they do not use the same passwords on multiple online systems, which exposes them to the danger that a compromise in one system will enable the same credentials to be used to access another.
与此同时，消费者们应当确保在多个联机系统上不要使用同样的密码，那很危险：对一个系统的妥协，会在进入另外一个系统时使用相同的凭据。
Consumers:消费者
Being able to manage passwords and spot "phishing" e-mails that try to trick recipients into revealing bank details and other information are now important life skills, like it or not.
不管你喜欢不喜欢，能够管理密码、识别意欲欺骗收信人透漏银行或其它详情现在都是重要的生活技能。
details:详情
Much as people like the creatures, and devotedly as conservationists work, the park is not enough to stem their remorseless decline.
尽管人们喜欢这些生物,并致力于保护它们的工作,但是这个公园并不能阻止猩猩的不断衰落。
decline:衰落
However, turning the scheme—known as “Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation”, or REDD—into actual conservation is not proving easy, either in Indonesia as a whole or in Tanjung Puting in particular.
但是把这个证明称为“减少森林砍伐与森林退化的排放计划”或“REDD”的计划变成实际的保护并不是一件简单的事，无论是在印度尼西亚整个国家或是丹戎普丁国家公园都是如此。
proving:证明
To win certification, Rimba Raya has to show that the forest is under genuine threat: no point in giving carbon credits for conserving trees and peatland that were not in danger anyway.
为了赢得认证，Rimba Raya需要证明该森林是处于真正的威胁之中：没有必要为保护树和没有任何威胁的泥炭地颁发碳信用。
threat:威胁
In return, Norway committed $1 billion for REDD payments.
挪威承诺为REDD支付1 亿美元承诺补偿。
committed:承诺
By coincidence, Central Kalimantan has been picked as the pilot province for the national REDD scheme—against fierce competition from other places scenting the cash on offer.
与此同时,中加里曼丹为了赢得金钱在与其他地方激烈的竞争中取胜选全国REDD计划的试点省。
picked:选
The maps are to be attached to a long-overdue presidential decree meant to formalise the moratorium.
该地图附带了一份被暂停了很久的总统法令，意思是想使禁令正式化。
moratorium:暂停
Both the Norwegians and Mr Kuntoro play down the importance of the delay in issuing the decree, and indeed of the moratorium itself.
挪威人和Kuntoro先生都对暂停发行法令的重要性不太重视,实际上禁令本身也是如此。
moratorium:暂停
TONY RINAUDO: "Much of the response has actually come from the farmers and the communities themselves, as opposed to NGOs and the government.
里纳乌多：“对这一理念的大部分回应实际上来自农民和社区本身，而不是非政府非政府组织和政府。
NGOs:非政府组织
Once the farmers have embraced and accepted this technology, they have practiced and they have shared it with their neighbors.
一旦农民接受这一它，他们就会付诸实践，并与邻居分享。
it:它
His neighbors resisted his new farming methods at first -- they even burned his land.
他的邻居最初抵制他的农业方法，甚至烧毁他的土地。
farming:农业
His story is documented in a film called "The Man Who Stopped the Desert."
他的故事被有文件的在一部名为《The Man Who Stopped the Desert》的电影中。
documented:有文件的
American scientists are building a space telescope, they hope, will look back over unimaginable distances and time to show the universe close to its beginning.
美国科学家正在建筑一台太空望远镜，他们希望这台望远镜能够够超越无法想象的时空距离，观测到宇宙的初始状态。
building:建筑
The American space agency, NASA, is now building the largest space telescope ever.
美国宇航局现在正在建筑有史以来最大的太空望远镜。
building:建筑
NASA is building the Webb telescope at the Goddard Space Center, outside Washington DC.
美国宇航局正在华盛顿特区外的戈达德航天中心建筑这台韦伯望远镜。
building:建筑
And if you look far enough, you start to approach the event scientists believe gave birth to everything.
如果你看得足够远，你出生接近科学家认为导致万物诞生的大事件（即宇宙初始）。
birth:出生
He spent a good part of his life fighting for equality.
他一生中的很大一部分都是在为平等战斗。
fighting:战斗
When South African President Jacob Zuma announced Mandela's death yesterday, he said, He's now resting.
当南非总统雅各布·祖玛宣布昨天曼德拉逝世的消息时,他说,他终于休息休息。
resting:休息
But the magic ingredient behind China’s latest blockbuster was one unavailable to the mightiest Tinseltown mogul.
但中国最新一部巨作中神奇的成分就连最伟大的好莱坞大师也无法做到。
ingredient:成分
“The Beginning of the Great Revival”, a celebration of the founding of the Communist Party, opened at every cineplex in China on June 15th, in time for the party’s 90th birthday.
庆祝共产党成立的《建党伟业》于6月15日在中国所有电影城公映，恰恰赶上建党90生日。
birthday:生日
Many state-owned firms ordered their staff to attend. Schools organised trips so that pupils could watch and learn from the exploits of a youthful Mao Zedong.
很多国有公司都组织员工观影，学校也同样组织学生们观影，让他们学习年轻时代毛泽东的剥削。
exploits:剥削
The film was not, as you might imagine, a piece of government-produced propaganda.
该电影不是你想象中的由政府电影的宣传片。
film:电影
It was a piece of for- profit propaganda, produced by the country’s biggest film company, the China Film Group (CFG).
而是片子商业电影，由中国最大的电影公司——中国电影集团（CFG）摄制。
piece:片子
This episode is called reselling Products,reselling things for Profit,It's a dialogue between Jessie&Masa,about people who buy things and then sell them to other people for a higher price .let's get start it.
本文讲述转手货物，卖二手货来赚钱，由Jessie & Masa为您带来这段对话，关于某人买进货物再以高价再发，开始吧。
reselling:再发
This episode is called reselling Products,reselling things for Profit,It's a dialogue between Jessie&Masa,about people who buy things and then sell them to other people for a higher price .let's get start it.
本文讲述转手产品，卖二手货来赚钱，由Jessie & Masa为您带来这段对话，关于某人买进产品再以高价卖出，开始吧。
Products:产品
This episode is called reselling Products,reselling things for Profit,It's a dialogue between Jessie&Masa,about people who buy things and then sell them to other people for a higher price .let's get start it.
本文讲述转手货物，卖二手货来赚钱，由Jessie & Masa为您带来这段对话，关于某人买进货物再以高价再发，开始吧。
reselling:再发
This episode is called reselling Products,reselling things for Profit,It's a dialogue between Jessie&Masa,about people who buy things and then sell them to other people for a higher price .let's get start it.
本文讲述转手货物，卖二手货来赚钱，由Jessie & Masa为您带来这段对话，关于某人买货物再以高价卖出，开始吧。
buy:买
Masa: I’m sure they’re going to sell out, and plus, I’m going to buy an extra one so I can resell it.
Masa:我敢肯定会再卖的，而且，我想买两个这样就可以转手一个出去了。
resell:再卖
Masa's standing in line to buy one of the first iDopes.
Masa正排队买iDope。
buy:买
The other is simply that they are selling it, especially when we talk about new products, new things, we may talk about go on sale to indicate the day or the time when they are available to be perchased when you can buy them.
另一种是说某个东西正在出售，特别是在说新产品，新事物，我们说“go on sale”表明可以买的时间，日子等。
buy:买
To resell means to buy something from a store especially something that everyone wants to get and it's difficult to buy, and sell it to someone else at a higher price.
“To resell”指去商店买一个人人都想要但很难买到的东西，再以一个高价再卖。
resell:再卖
To scalp(s-c-a-l-p)tickets means to buy tickets for a concert or a sporting event or game at a regular price, and then sell it to someone else at a higher price.
To scalp tickets指原价买了音乐会，体育比赛等的门票再高价卖给别人。
buy:买
So scalping is considered by some people to be unethical, but most of us understand that when you have something that is valuable, you can usually sell it for a higher price.
所以很多人认为倒票是不道德的，但是我们都明白你有一件值钱的东西时，确实可以 skalping一个好价钱。
scalping:skalping
So scalping is considered by some people to be unethical, but most of us understand that when you have something that is valuable, you can usually sell it for a higher price.
所以很多人考虑倒票是不道德的，但是我们都明白你有一件值钱的东西时，确实可以卖一个好价钱。
considered:考虑
If you buy something for 5 dollars, and you sell it to someone else for 10 dollars, there was a 5 dollar markup.
如果你5美元买，10美元卖出，你的markup就是5美元。
buy:买
Right now it's in the middle of the political crisis.
而现在这个中间正处于政治危机当中。
middle:中间
Since then, his critics say, he's done little to fix the economy or corruption while using the courts to punish political rivals, most notable the former prime minister Yulia Timoshenko who's in jail convicted of abusing power while in office.
从那同时起,他的批评者们称,在使用法庭权力惩罚政治对手,最引人注目的是前总理季莫申科因执政期间滥用权力被判入狱同时，他没有修复经济或腐败问题。
while:同时
Since then, his critics say, he's done little to fix the economy or corruption while using the courts to punish political rivals, most notable the former prime minister Yulia Timoshenko who's in jail convicted of abusing power while in office.
从那同时起,他的批评者们称,在使用法庭权力惩罚政治对手,最引人注目的是前总理季莫申科因执政期间滥用权力被判入狱同时，他没有修复经济或腐败问题。
while:同时
The people on the streets calling for Yanukovych to go are mostly from the center and west of the country,
街道上呼吁亚努科维奇的人们多半来自这个中心的中部和西部地区,
center:中心
Investigators are getting information off of the vent recorders that were on the train.
调查人员从车上的记录录音机中获取信息。
recorders:录音机
Early Sunday, a throng of rescue workers scoured the grisly scene one rail card nearly plunging into the river where divers checked for bodies under water.
周日早些时候,一群救援人员在这一惨剧过后的地方侦察，一节车厢几乎陷入河里，潜水员则在水下侦察。
scoured:侦察
“We had a great year in terms of the appreciation of our fans for our game.
“从球迷的欣赏度来讲，我们度过了伟大的的一年。
great:伟大的
In the end the players will probably have to make at least modest concessions on their contracts and salaries, but they have thus far rejected the owners’ demanding proposals.
最终，球员们可能不得不在让步和薪水方面至少做出适度的让步。但是他们已经拒绝了球队老板提出的方案。
concessions:让步
THE Stonewall Inn, in New York’s West Village, is famous in gay history as the scene of riots against the police in 1969.
”在同性恋历史上，位于纽约西村的石墙旅馆很有名，因为它见证了1969年同性恋者对抗警察的暴乱。
Inn:旅馆
“Who am I”, he asked, “to say that someone does not have the same rights that I have with my wife?”
他说：“我有什么资格说我和我妻子享受的权力有享受不了呢？
have:有
“Who am I”, he asked, “to say that someone does not have the same rights that I have with my wife?”
他说：“我有什么资格说我和我妻子享受的权力有享受不了呢？
have:有
A group of business leaders, including the heads of Goldman Sachs and Thomson Reuters, advised lawmakers that passage was needed for the state “to remain competitive”.
包括高盛集团和路透社的领导者在内的一批商业议员，建议立法者通过法案，因为这对纽约州“保持竞争力”非常重要。
lawmakers:议员
Commercials starring celebrities, athletes, politicians, even Barbara Bush, daughter of George W., pushed for passage of the bill.
由名流、运动员、政客甚至前总统布什的女儿Barbara Bush参演的商业也支持法案的通过。
Commercials:商业
Hundreds of marchers carried signs that read “Promise Kept” on one side and “Thank you Governor Cuomo” on the other.
数百名游行民众举着标牌一边写着“信守誓言”，另一边写着“感谢您Cuomo州长”。
Promise:誓言
Michael Adams of SAGE, an advocacy group for older gays, says the passage of the law is especially poignant for them.
来自老年同性恋者宣传机构SAGE的Michael Adams说，这项法律的通过对老年同性恋者有深刻的意义。
advocacy:宣传
They will now have hospital visitation rights, access to health insurance, tax deductions and relief from estate taxes.
他们将拥有医院查阅，享受医疗保险、税收减免，而且不用再支付地产税。
access:查阅
They will now have hospital visitation rights, access to health insurance, tax deductions and relief from estate taxes.
他们将拥有医院探视权，享受医疗保险、税收减免，而且不用再支付财产。
estate:财产
A pop-up chapel will be erected in Central Park on July 30th, providing an officiating person and cupcakes.
6月30日，中央公园将竖立一个弹起式的小教堂，提供一名爆破和纸杯蛋糕。
pop:爆破
"To keep your head above water" is a colorful expression that means staying out of debt.
"To keep your head above water"是一种饶有趣味的表达，意思是避免债务。
debt:债务
A company seeks to keep its head above water during economic hard times.
公司在经济困难时间寻求避免负债。
times:时间
It probably comes from a way of testing the condition of a container.
它可能源自测试容器条件的方法。
condition:条件
If it can hold water, it is strong and has no holes in it.
如果这个可以装上水后不漏，那这个可以就没有漏洞。
can:可以
The word boss comes from the Dutch word, baas, meaning master.
"boss"这个词来源于荷兰语" baas"，意思是“巴斯”。
baas:巴斯
They may consider you valuable enough to increase your pay.
他们可能考虑你值得加薪。
consider:考虑
An FCC proposal would allow cell phone calls while the plane is at a certain altitude.
联邦电信委员会一项提案将允许飞机飞行到达一定高度同时使用手机。
while:同时
From sword-forging in feudal times to machines and microchips today, real men toil tirelessly to make things you can see.
从铸剑的封建时间到机械和微芯片的今天，大丈夫不辞辛苦的在各种物质生产领域工作着。
times:时间
From sword-forging in feudal times to machines and microchips today, real men toil tirelessly to make things you can see.
从铸剑的封建时期到机械和微芯片的今天，大丈夫不辞辛苦的在各种物质生产领域劳苦着。
toil:劳苦
The software business needs fewer people and less capital; handy for a country with a shrinking population and tight-fisted banks.
软件行业需要更少的人和资金；适合于人口正在缩小和银行资金严格控制的国家。
shrinking:缩小
On the contrary, by bundling programs free with machines, they taught customers that software was of little value, says Kazuyuki Motohashi of the University of Tokyo.
东京大学的元桥一之教授说道，正相反的，通过程序捆绑机器，电脑制造商们让顾客认为软件没什么用处。
customers:顾客
They also locked customers in, making it costly and cumbersome to switch to rivals.
他们也锁定了顾客，使得切换到其他竞争者的游戏是昂贵且不方便的。
customers:顾客
This is because it mirrored the shortcomings of Japan’s business culture: it was written in a hierarchical way that outsiders would have trouble building on, when the trend in America and Europe was exactly the opposite.
这是因为这反映了日本商业文化的缺陷：日本以分层次的方式编码，外人在此基础上编制是有麻烦的，而美国和欧洲的编码趋势却恰恰与之相反。
trouble:麻烦
Marc Benioff, the boss of Salesforce.com, a large “cloud computing” firm in Silicon Valley, sees opportunities everywhere in Japan.
位于硅谷的大型云计算公司Salesforce. com的老板马克?贝尼奥夫，看到日本无处不在的坚固。
firm:坚固
Over the past year the company paid $212m for Heroku, which develops web services based on Ruby, and acquired stakes in Synergy Marketing, Uhuru and Netyear, three business-software firms.
过去的几年，这个公司为Heroku花费了21.2万美元，Heroku基于Ruby开发网页服务，并且该公司获得了三个企业公司Marketing、Uhuru和Netyear的风险投资。
firms:企业
Fujitsu, a big hardware firm, already gets two-thirds of its revenue and nearly all its profits from software and services.
大型硬件生产企业富士，其营业额的2/ 3和几乎全部利润均来自于软件和服务坚固。
firm:坚固
A 2012 Gallup survey found only five percent of Americans consider themselves vegetarians, in case you are wondering.
2012年的一项盖洛普调查发现只有百分之五的美国人考虑自己是素食者,也许你会觉得奇怪。
consider:考虑
There is no proof that turkey was on the table in 1621. What was?
没有证明证明火鸡是1621年呈现在人们的餐桌上。那当时人们吃什么?
proof:证明
But it could save time for cooks: it takes about five hour to oven bake a large stuffed turkey.
但是它可以为烘烤节省时间:因为烤箱烤一只塞满的火鸡需要花费约5小时。
bake:烘烤
He was prime minister until he was forced out of power and convicted of corruption.
身为总理的他直到被被定罪腐败罪才下台。
convicted:被定罪
Each side blames the other for starting the violence, but the situation in Bangkok is tense.
双方都互相责备对方挑起暴力,但在曼谷的局势开始变得紧张。
blames:责备
There is no cure for HIV or AIDS, but medications can slow down the progress of the disease.
艾滋病毒或艾滋病没有良药,但药物治疗可以慢疾病的发展。
slow:慢
There is no cure for HIV or AIDS, but medications can slow down the progress of the disease.
艾滋病毒或艾滋病没有良药,但药物治疗可以减缓疾病的进展。
progress:进展
Can you come and help me lift this sofa? • Yeah, I'll be with you in two ticks.
可以升降我搬一下这张沙发吗？当然可以。马上就来。
lift:升降
In English, we say clocks make this noise: tick tock, tick tock. “tick tock, tick tock”。So two ticks is just like saying two seconds.
在英语里面，钟表走动的噪音为所以呢，“two ticks”就相当于是在说“等我两秒钟吧（一会儿就好）”
noise:噪音
In English, we say clocks make this noise: tick tock, tick tock. “tick tock, tick tock”。So two ticks is just like saying two seconds.
在英语里面，钟表走动的指点为所以呢，“two ticks”就相当于是在说“等我两秒钟吧（一会儿就好）”
tick:指点
In English, we say clocks make this noise: tick tock, tick tock. “tick tock, tick tock”。So two ticks is just like saying two seconds.
在英语里面，钟表走动的指点为所以呢，“two ticks”就相当于是在说“等我两秒钟吧（一会儿就好）”
tick:指点
In English, we say clocks make this noise: tick tock, tick tock. “tick tock, tick tock”。So two ticks is just like saying two seconds.
在英语里面，钟表走动的指点为所以呢，“two ticks”就相当于是在说“等我两秒钟吧（一会儿就好）”
tick:指点
In English, we say clocks make this noise: tick tock, tick tock. “tick tock, tick tock”。So two ticks is just like saying two seconds.
在英语里面，钟表走动的指点为所以呢，“two ticks”就相当于是在说“等我两秒钟吧（一会儿就好）”
tick:指点
In English, we say clocks make this noise: tick tock, tick tock. “tick tock, tick tock”。So two ticks is just like saying two seconds.
在英语里面，钟表走动的老虎为所以呢，“two ticks”就相当于是在说“等我两秒钟吧（一会儿就好）”
ticks:老虎
William: Yeah, the full phrase here is'two shakes of a lamb's tail', but we shorten this to'two shakes'.
没错，完整的短语应该是“羊尾巴摆两下”，我们现在用的是它的缩略版“two shakes”。
phrase:短语
Noted one observer:“The Coffee houses particularly are very commodious for a free Conversation, and for reading at an easie Rate all manner of printed News”.
据一名观察员注释，咖啡屋是进行自由交谈的不二选择，并且也是休闲阅读的理想场所。
Noted:注释
Everything changed in 1833 when the first mass-audience newspaper, the New York Sun, pioneered the use of advertising to reduce the cost of news, thus giving advertisers access to a wider audience.
但是事情在1883年发生重大转变，第一个面向大众的报纸，纽约太阳报诞生，并且首次引入广告来减少新闻成本，一举两得地为赞助商寻到更多的观众。
reduce:减少
Newspaper circulation rose globally by 6% between 2005 and 2009, helped by particularly strong demand in places like India, where 110m papers are now sold daily.
世界范围内的每日销量从2005年到2009年增长了6 ％，特别是有巨大需求的印度地区，每天就有１亿１千万的销量。
daily:每日
Most strikingly, ordinary people are increasingly involved in compiling, sharing, filtering, discussing and distributing news.
更引人著目的是更多的普通民众参与到新闻的编译、分享、筛选和讨论中。
compiling:编译
Mobile-phone footage of Arab uprisings and American tornadoes is posted on social-networking sites and shown on television newscasts.
手机拍客们录像的阿拉伯暴乱以及美国龙卷风的视频和照片在社交网络中广泛传播并且为电视报道所引用。
footage:录像
An amateur video taken during the Japanese earthquake has been watched 15m times on YouTube.
YouTube上一部摄于日本地震时间的相关视频被浏览一千五百万次。
times:时间
And it has made possible entirely new approaches to journalism, such as that practised by WikiLeaks, which provides an anonymous way for whistleblowers to publish documents.
互联网也为新闻的发布提供了一种全新的可能，正如维基解密所有实践的的那样，为揭密者提供匿名发布信息的平台。
practised:有实践的
The first worry is the loss of “accountability journalism”, which holds the powerful to account.
首先就是担心责任任的媒体会越来越少，这些媒体会对他们报道的内容责任。
accountability:责任
Shrinking revenues have reduced the amount and quality of investigative and local political reporting in the print press.
经费的减少削减了调查研究和本地政治报道的数量和质量。
Shrinking:削减
Shrinking revenues have reduced the amount and quality of investigative and local political reporting in the print press.
经费的减少减少了调查研究和本地政治报道的数量和质量。
reduced:减少
This is still a work in progress, but the degree of activity and experimentation provides cause for optimism.
这是一项仍未完成的任务，但是工作和实验的程度为乐观主义者提供了信心。
work:工作
In a more competitive world the money seems to be in creating an echo chamber for people’s prejudices: thus Fox News, a conservative American cable-news channel, makes more profits than its less strident rivals, CNN and MSNBC, combined.
在一个更合并竞争性的世界中，金钱似乎正在为偏见提供肥沃的土壤：就像Fox News，一家美国保守派有线新闻电视台，比没有它言语犀利的两家CNN和MSNBC合起来赚得还要多。
combined:合并
As producers of new journalism, they can be scrupulous with facts and transparent with their sources.
大众作为新式传媒的缔造者，可以自己对所谓事实的真实性把关并公开事实来源。
facts:事实
The OECD’s statistics on broadband internet access in its member countries have long been closely watched (in particular the mediocre ranking of America, which still lags behind most of Europe in high-speed links).
（无线通信它的的融合以及非接触式近距离无线通信它的的产生，构成了“网络的网络”( Network of networks)，相关基础设施也已经准备就绪，建立在基础之上的先进应用不断增加。
its:它的
Hong Kong, by contrast, tops the world in connectivity, but its consumers prefer to spend their money offline.
相比之下，香港的连通性能世界第一，但香港消费者们更不偏好网购。
prefer:偏好
Some countries, including Britain and Japan, do much better than would be expected given their GDP per person; others—Saudi Arabia and Italy—do worse.
考虑人均国内生产总值，一些国家，包括英国和日本在这方面要比预期做的更好；其他国家——沙特阿拉伯和意大利在这方面做得要比预期差。
better:更好
Sometimes finding the right person this way can take time.
有时候通过这种途径发现合适人选需要较长时间。
finding:发现
Leslie Stevenson directs the Career Development Center at the University of Richmond in Virginia.
莱斯利·史蒂文森（Leslie Stevenson）执掌弗吉尼亚州里士满大学職業发展中心。
Career:職業
Ben Kirshner says an important part of that is managing public and private details on social media.
科什纳称，其中一个重要部分就是管理社交媒体上的公共和隐私详情。
details:详情
Image is one thing, but you also need skills.
形象是一方面，但你也需要技能。
skills:技能
And career specialist Leslie Stevenson says that includes "soft skills."
职业专家史蒂文森表示，这包括“软技能”。
skills:技能
LESLIE STEVENSON: "Soft skills are the skills that help people communicate in the workplace.
史蒂文森：“软技能是指帮助人们在工作场合沟通的能力。
skills:技能
LESLIE STEVENSON: "Soft skills are the skills that help people communicate in the workplace.
史蒂文森：“软技能是指帮助人们在工作场合沟通的能力。
skills:技能
SHAREHOLDERS of Carrefour, a French retailer, must feel as bewildered as shoppers lost in one of its giant stores.
法国零售商家乐福的股东们，目前必定和那些在他们的大型超市中迷失方向的购物者一样感到迷茫。
shoppers:购物者
The latest surprise was a plan to merge Carrefour’s Brazilian business with Companhia Brasileira de Distribui??o (CBD), a local competitor.
最近的令人震惊最新是家乐福计划将公司位于巴西的业务与当地的一个竞争者巴西百货（Companhia Brasileira de Distribui?? o( CBD)）进行合并。
latest:最新
This week the deal evaporated after a furious protest from Casino, a rival French retailer which already holds a stake in CBD.
由于巴西百货赌注的持有者，家乐福的法国竞争者Casino的强烈反对，该笔交易于本周宣告失败。
stake:赌注
His plan, “Carrefour Planet”, is to spend €1.5 billion ($2.1 billion) to refurbish and redesign 500 hypermarkets around the world within two years.
拉尔斯的“家乐福行星”重新设计将斥资15 亿欧元（21 亿美元），在两年内重新装饰并设计全球500家超级卖场。
redesign:重新设计
His plan, “Carrefour Planet”, is to spend €1.5 billion ($2.1 billion) to refurbish and redesign 500 hypermarkets around the world within two years.
拉尔斯的“家乐福行星”计划将斥资15 亿欧元（21 亿美元），在两年内重新装饰并重新设计全球500家超级卖场。
redesign:重新设计
Instead of trying to sell a wide range of non-food items, the new stores focus on a few specialist areas, such as electronics and textiles, and offer services such as baby-sitting and hair care.
新的卖场将不会出售大量的非食品商品，相反却会专注于几个特定领域，如电子产品和纺织品，并提供诸如照看婴儿和美发等服务。
sell:出售
Instead of trying to sell a wide range of non-food items, the new stores focus on a few specialist areas, such as electronics and textiles, and offer services such as baby-sitting and hair care.
新的卖场将不会销售大量的非食品商品，相反却会集中注意力于几个特定领域，如电子产品和纺织品，并提供诸如照看婴儿和美发等服务。
focus:集中注意力
In 1998 commercial circle-makers acting for Mitsubishi, a Japanese carmaker, paid Mr Carson for the right to cut an outline of a new model named the Space Star in his fields.
1998年，三菱（日本汽车汽车制造商）为了打造商务麦田怪圈，付给Carson先生一笔费用以求取他的田地里一个叫星空的新怪圈中的一块。
carmaker:汽车制造商
Shredded Wheat, a breakfast cereal, once had its logo carved in a wheat field.
小麦片，一种早餐谷物，曾把他的标志刻在麦田。
logo:标志
But perhaps if the upside were better understood, the benefits might be more fairly shared.
不过假如人们能更理解更好的一面，那也许就能被更公平地享有其中的利润。
better:更好
A "draft" of a list, or a letter, or anyother document, is an early version of something.
”一个名单，信件或者信的“Draft”，就是一份初稿。
letter:信
An invitation is a card or a letter asking you to come a party.
请柬是请你参加派对的一个卡片或者邀请。
invitation:邀请
The A-list would be the most popular, the best-known performers, especially actors and singers.
”一线明星就是最流行的，最知名的演员，特别是演员和歌手。
actors:演员
I was at a starbucks near one of the movie studios, and when you go there to drink coffee or tea, you can sometimes rub elbows with famous actors and actresses, because they come in and get their coffee there. when I go there I can rub elbows with famous actors, unfortunately I don't recognize actors very vell, So when they come in I don't know who they are, so I've never really rubbed elbows, although once I did meet an actress who I did not recognize, but someone else told me who she was, I think that was NC, who was a television star in the 1990s here in United States.
我曾去过某个电影棚附近的星巴克，当你在那里喝茶或咖啡时，就有可能遇见当红明星，他们也会靠近喝咖啡。我去那里遇见明星，但我不是认得出他们，所以当他们走进靠近，我不知道他们是谁，我这也不是真正的rubbed elbows。有一次遇见一位女演员，我没有认出靠近，是别人告诉我她是NC（没有找出这是谁）的，她在90年代的美国很有名。
near:靠近
I was at a starbucks near one of the movie studios, and when you go there to drink coffee or tea, you can sometimes rub elbows with famous actors and actresses, because they come in and get their coffee there. when I go there I can rub elbows with famous actors, unfortunately I don't recognize actors very vell, So when they come in I don't know who they are, so I've never really rubbed elbows, although once I did meet an actress who I did not recognize, but someone else told me who she was, I think that was NC, who was a television star in the 1990s here in United States.
我曾去过某个电影棚附近的星巴克，当你在那里喝茶或咖啡时，就有可能遇见当红明星，他们也会来咖啡。我去那里遇见明星，但我不是认得出他们，所以当他们走进来，我不知道他们是谁，我这也不是真正的rubbed elbows。有一次遇见一位女演员，我没有认出来，是别人告诉我她是NC（没有找出这是谁）的，她在90年代的美国很有名。
coffee:咖啡
I was at a starbucks near one of the movie studios, and when you go there to drink coffee or tea, you can sometimes rub elbows with famous actors and actresses, because they come in and get their coffee there. when I go there I can rub elbows with famous actors, unfortunately I don't recognize actors very vell, So when they come in I don't know who they are, so I've never really rubbed elbows, although once I did meet an actress who I did not recognize, but someone else told me who she was, I think that was NC, who was a television star in the 1990s here in United States.
我曾去过某个电影棚附近的星巴克，当你在那里喝茶或咖啡时，就有可能遇见当红明星，他们也会来茶。我去那里遇见明星，但我不是认得出他们，所以当他们走进来，我不知道他们是谁，我这也不是真正的rubbed elbows。有一次遇见一位女演员，我没有认出来，是别人告诉我她是NC（没有找出这是谁）的，她在90年代的美国很有名。
tea:茶
I was at a starbucks near one of the movie studios, and when you go there to drink coffee or tea, you can sometimes rub elbows with famous actors and actresses, because they come in and get their coffee there. when I go there I can rub elbows with famous actors, unfortunately I don't recognize actors very vell, So when they come in I don't know who they are, so I've never really rubbed elbows, although once I did meet an actress who I did not recognize, but someone else told me who she was, I think that was NC, who was a television star in the 1990s here in United States.
我曾去过某个电影棚附近的星巴克，当你在那里喝茶或咖啡时，就有可能遇见当红明星，他们也会来咖啡。我去那里遇见明星，但我不是认得出他们，所以当他们走进来，我不知道他们是谁，我这也不是真正的rubbed elbows。有一次遇见一位女演员，我没有认出来，是别人告诉我她是NC（没有找出这是谁）的，她在90年代的美国很有名。
coffee:咖啡
Catherine talks about buffing up the numbers, meaning the number of people at the party.
Catherine是在说高派对的人数。
up:高
Obviously there not talking about all podcasters I think, Catherine here is referring to the less popular podcasters, I think that's what the script writer meant.
很明显不是在说所有的播客我想。Catherine这里在说那些不出名的，我想这才是作者的指。
referring:指
The wartime political leader of the Bosnian Serbs, Radovan Karadzic, was captured in two thousand eight.
战争战争时期的波斯尼亚塞族政治领导人拉多万·卡拉季奇（Radovan Karadzic）于2008年被捕。
wartime:战争时期
The Serbian president said there will be an investigation into how Mr. Mladic avoided arrest for so long.
这位塞尔维亚总统表示将对姆拉迪奇为何能够躲避逮捕这么长时间展开调查。
arrest:逮捕
JAMES KER-LINDSAY: "They look to the events that took place in Bosnia and rather than seeing him as a military leader of an act of aggression rather view him as being the defender of the Bosnian Serb people.
科尔-林德赛：“塞尔维亚人对波斯尼亚发生的事件的看法是，他们把姆拉迪奇看到是波斯尼亚塞族人的保卫者，而不是一场侵略行动的军事领袖。
seeing:看到
American speech soon changed the words copper bolts into brass tacks.
美国词汇随后把copper bolts这个词变成了brass tacks。
words:词汇
The brass tacks, showed that the chair was built to be strong.
黄铜钉表明椅子建造很坚固。
built:建造
So in June, when Alabama passed the nation’s most draconian anti-immigration law, it struck many observers as a bit of an overreaction.
因此，七月份当亚拉巴马通过了全国最严格的反移民法，很多观察人士大为惊讶，认为此举有点过度反应过度。
overreaction:过度反应
Frustrated by long federal inaction, several states have taken immigration into their own hands in recent years.
由于联邦政府长时间在移民问题上的不作为，一些无动近些年来已经把移民事宜握在了自己的手里。
inaction:无动
Frustrated by long federal inaction, several states have taken immigration into their own hands in recent years.
由于联邦政府长时间在移民问题上的不被采纳，一些州近些年来已经把移民事宜握在了自己的手里。
taken:被采纳
It bars people from giving lifts in their cars to undocumented immigrants, or doing them various other favours.
它禁止人们在路上搭乘未注册移民，或者为其提供任何升降机。
lifts:升降机
The other main issue is that parts of the law, at least, may be unconstitutional.
还有一个主要问题是该法的至少部分问题和宪法不一致。
issue:问题
In the meantime, if the law takes effect on September 1st as scheduled, Mr Webster would not be allowed to drive his children to school.
同时，如果新移民法预定的于9月1日生效，Webster将不被允许将他的孩子送入学校。
scheduled:预定的
Traditional marriage has evolved from a near-universal rite to a luxury for the educated and affluent.
传统婚姻普遍被视为习俗，现在它已经进化为受教育人群和富人经济实力的人群所享有的奢侈品。
affluent:富人
The project found that divorce rates for couples with college degrees are only a third as high as for those with a high-school degree.
该研究项目发现双方都拥有大学高的夫妇的离婚率是那些只有一方有高中高夫妇的三分之一。
high:高
The project found that divorce rates for couples with college degrees are only a third as high as for those with a high-school degree.
该研究项目发现双方都拥有大学高的夫妇的离婚率是那些只有一方有高中高夫妇的三分之一。
high:高
That compares with 44% of babies born to mothers whose education ended with high school.
这个数字在母亲是高中毕业的婴儿中为44%。
babies:婴儿
“You don’t want to suggest to someone who isn’t married and has children that they should be married,” says Ms Sawhill. “That is a denigration of their lifestyle.”
“你别想建议结婚没结婚又有小孩的人去结婚”，索希尔女士说，“那样子是对她们生活方式的诋毁。
married:结婚
“You don’t want to suggest to someone who isn’t married and has children that they should be married,” says Ms Sawhill. “That is a denigration of their lifestyle.”
“你别想建议结婚没结婚又有小孩的人去结婚”，索希尔女士说，“那样子是对她们生活方式的诋毁。
married:结婚
In 2007 the average life expectancy at birth was 78 years.
2007年，初生婴儿平均期望值寿命为78岁，这种进步已经持续数十年。
expectancy:期望值
National progress in life expectancy masks wide local disparities, according to a study published on June 15th and written by researchers at the University of Washington and Imperial College London.
一项由华盛顿大学和伦敦皇家学院的研究人员共同执笔，并于6月15日出版的一项研究结果显示，期望值寿命所取得的全国性进步掩盖了广泛的地方性差异。
expectancy:期望值
Men in Holmes County, Mississippi, for example, have a life expectancy of 65.9 years, the same as men in Pakistan and 15.2 years behind men in Fairfax, Virginia.
例如，密西西比州Holmes县男性期望值寿命为65.9岁，与巴基斯坦男性相同，但要比佛吉尼亚州Fairfax县男性少15.2岁。
expectancy:期望值
Most alarming, 702 counties, or 30% of those studied, saw a statistically significant decline in life expectancy for women from 2000 to 2007; 251 counties saw a statistically significant decline for men.
最令人担忧的是，有702个县（占研究总数的30%）的女性期望值寿命在2000年至2007年间出现了大幅下降，有251个县的男性期望值寿命出现大幅下降。
expectancy:期望值
For American women, a rise in life expectancy of 3.3 years from 1980 to 2007 amounted to just 60% of the gains in other rich countries.
从1980年到2007年，美国女性预期寿命增长了3.3岁，只达到其它发达国家升高的60%。
rise:升高
For American women, a rise in life expectancy of 3.3 years from 1980 to 2007 amounted to just 60% of the gains in other rich countries.
从1980年到2007年，美国女性期望值寿命增长了3.3岁，只达到其它发达国家增幅的60%。
expectancy:期望值
Much can be blamed on mid-century smoking habits. Obesity’s effect, however, is debated.
20世纪中期的吸烟潮对这一现状难辞其咎，但肥胖症的影响也正在辩论之中。
debated:辩论
While both Americans and Australians have ballooning bellies, Australia’s life expectancy has continued to move up nicely.
尽管美国人和澳大利亚人都是大腹便便，但澳大利亚人的期望值寿命一直保持着健康的增长态势。
expectancy:期望值
Researchers at the National Research Council estimated that America’s high rates of obesity accounted for between one-fifth and one-third of its lagging life expectancy relative to other rich countries.
据国家科研委员会的研究人员估计，美国的高肥胖率应为其期望值寿命低于其它发达国家承担五分之一至三分之一的责任。
expectancy:期望值
Already, America’s most rotund citizens benefit from bypass surgery and cholesterol-lowering statins.
美国最胖的一群人已经受益于心脏搭桥手术和降胆固醇斯坦丁的他汀。
statins:斯坦丁
“Obesity is being acquired at such young ages that you wonder what the limits of these technologies will be,” argues Eric Reither of Utah State University.
犹他是的Eric Reither抱怨：“肥胖症患者的过度年轻化使人对这类医学技术的限度产生怀疑。”
being:是
In a paper to be published in the August issue of Health Affairs, Mr Reither, Jay Olshansky of the University of Illinois at Chicago and Yang Yang of the University of North Carolina contend that obesity threatens progress in life expectancy.
在《健康事务》8月号上的一篇论文中，Reither、芝加哥伊利诺伊大学的Jay Olshansky以及北卡罗来纳大学杨洋出版了“肥胖症威胁预期寿命增长”的论断。
published:出版
In a paper to be published in the August issue of Health Affairs, Mr Reither, Jay Olshansky of the University of Illinois at Chicago and Yang Yang of the University of North Carolina contend that obesity threatens progress in life expectancy.
在《健康事务》8月号上的一篇论文中，Reither、芝加哥伊利诺伊大学的Jay Olshansky以及北卡罗来纳大学杨洋作出了“肥胖症威胁期望值寿命增长”的论断。
expectancy:期望值
James Vaupel-- director of Duke University’s Population Research Institute, is sceptical of the argument that obesity may reverse future progress in life expectancy.
Duke大学人口研究院负责人-- James Vaupel对肥胖症将颠覆未来预期寿命进展进程的观点表示怀疑。
progress:进展
James Vaupel-- director of Duke University’s Population Research Institute, is sceptical of the argument that obesity may reverse future progress in life expectancy.
Duke大学人口研究院负责人-- James Vaupel对肥胖症将颠覆未来期望值寿命发展进程的观点表示怀疑。
expectancy:期望值
In those days, paper was made from strips of the papyrus plant.
当时的帕皮鲁斯张是由帕皮鲁斯莎草制成。
papyrus:帕皮鲁斯
Increasing evidence suggests that being active can reduce a person's risk of dementia.
越来越多的证据表明，积极运动可以减少老年痴呆症的风险。
reduce:减少
People may be considered to have dementia if they lose abilities in two or more areas such as memory and language skills.
如果一个人失去两项或两项以上类似记忆和语言技能的能力，就会被考虑患上老年痴呆症。
considered:考虑
Laura Middleton says the research showed that even low-intensity activity reduced the risk of thinking problems and memory loss.
米德尔顿称，研究表明即使低强度身体运动也能减少思维障碍和记忆丧失的风险。
reduced:减少
But when exactly is a plant considered a weed?
但是，什么时候一种植物会被考虑是杂草？
considered:考虑
Experts at Penn State University say the answer is simple: when the undesirable qualities outweigh the good qualities.
宾夕法尼亚州立大学的专家表示，答案很简单：当其不良品质比重优良品质时就会被认为是杂草。
outweigh:比重
Chemical weed killers or natural treatments like corn gluten can suppress weed growth.
化学除草剂或玉米葡萄糖一类的自然控制手段可以抑制杂草的生长。
gluten:葡萄糖
Chemical weed killers or natural treatments like corn gluten can suppress weed growth.
化学除草剂或玉米蛋白粉一类的自然镇压手段可以抑制杂草的生长。
suppress:镇压
Other controls include turning over the soil, pulling the weeds or covering them with mulch made of wood, garden waste or other material.
其它控制手段包括翻土、拔草或用地膜覆盖杂草。地膜一般由木屑、园林废弃物或其他废物制成。
waste:废物
The process of making organically rich compost produces heat.
制造有机堆肥的过程会产生热量，这些热量可以杀死绝大部分杂草种子。
making:制造
This heat kills many, though not all, weed seeds.
将杂草喂食动物通过动物消化也热杀死绝大部分杂草种子。
heat:热
3D films, cinema’s great hope, have become niche products
3D公司最大的希望——3D3D——让人失望了
3D:3D
Two years ago it seemed as though a new, improved 3D projection system could rescue a film business battered by falling DVD sales.
两年前3D模式看似可以挽救一个似乎（销量日益下滑的）DVD打得伤痕累累的电影行业。
seemed:似乎
Two years ago it seemed as though a new, improved 3D projection system could rescue a film business battered by falling DVD sales.
两年前3D模式看似可以挽救一个被（销量日益下滑的）DVD打得伤痕累累的3D行业。
3D:3D
Cinemas generally charge at least $3 more for a 3D showing—far more than the glasses cost.
一般来说，3D公司会向3D影院的观众多收取至少3美元——那副眼镜远远值不了这个价。
3D:3D
Despite rapid growth in digital projectors and 3D-capable screens, the proportion of total box-office spending that goes on 3D has dropped this summer (see chart).
且不说数码投影仪以及3D功能屏幕的发展迅速，今夏3D3D的总票房比例也下降了。
3D:3D
Despite rapid growth in digital projectors and 3D-capable screens, the proportion of total box-office spending that goes on 3D has dropped this summer (see chart).
且不说数码投影仪以及3D功能屏幕的发展迅速，今夏3D3D的总票房比例也下降了。
3D:3D
That was true of only one widely released 3D film last summer, and none the year before.
去年夏天热映的唯一一部3D3D的时候，情形也是这样，前年就不会这么冷淡。
3D:3D
Richard Gelfond, the boss of IMAX, reckons customers have become picky.
IMAX的老总Richard Gelfond认为顾客变得越来越精明了。
customers:顾客
The cost of administration per student soared by 61% in real terms between 1993 and 2007.
实际上，行政行政的费用在1993年至2007年之间上涨了61%。
administration:行政
The cost of administration per student soared by 61% in real terms between 1993 and 2007.
实际上，行政管理的费用在1993年至2007年之间升空了61%。
soared:升空
Veteran university-watchers may dismiss Mr Fried’s ideas as pie in the sky.
资深大学观察者或许会对Vance Fried的主意不屑一顾，认为那是天方夜谭。
watchers:观察者
The university does this by exploiting three resources: the goodwill of academic volunteers who want to help the poor, the availability of free “courseware” on the internet and the power of social networking.
这所大学剥削三种资源来运转：想要帮助穷人的学术志愿者的善意、互联网上可获得的免费“课件”和社交网络。
exploiting:剥削
Tutors direct the students, who so far number 1,000 or so and hail from around the world, to the online courses.
教师们将那些迄今已有1000左右来自世界各地的学生带到网络课程。
Tutors:教师
Mr Reshef pays for incidental expenses with $2m of his own money and donations.
Shai Reshef额外支付200万的费用，这些钱来自自己的腰包或者募捐。
expenses:费用
The cost of tuition cannot forever rise faster than students’ ability to pay.
学费的升高不能一直超过学生的支付能力。
rise:升高
Zynga may be a good business, but the tech bubble is expanding
Zynga可能是一家好商务，但是科技泡沫却正愈演愈烈
business:商务
Yet they are happy to swap real money for virtual money to buy virtual farm tools.
然而玩家们仍然乐此不疲的用真正的钱去买虚拟的农具。
buy:买
So its business is more real than those of some other online firms.
所以比起其他网络公司，Zynga的企业可是更加实打实的。
firms:企业
With Zynga gearing up for its IPO, the question now is which other tech start-up is next in line to go public.
Zynga已经为IPO做好了准备，接下来的问题就是下一家新的上市它的公司会是谁。
its:它的
(Foursquare lets users electronically “check in” at bars and restaurants so their friends can join them—and the people who owe them money can avoid them.)
（foursqure让其用户“检入”用户地点，该地点可以是酒吧或者饭店，这样其朋友就会知道其位置从而能够加入他们一起，而欠他们钱的的人则可以回避这些地方。）
users:用户
(Foursquare lets users electronically “check in” at bars and restaurants so their friends can join them—and the people who owe them money can avoid them.)
（foursqure让其用户“检入”朋友地点，该地点可以是酒吧或者饭店，这样其朋友就会知道其位置从而能够加入他们一起，而欠他们钱的的人则可以回避这些地方。）
friends:朋友
The region’s wind power companies are enraged and are petitioning the regulators.
这一下愤怒了当地的风力发电公司，他们正在向政策制定者请愿。
enraged:愤怒
The region’s wind power companies are enraged and are petitioning the regulators.
这一下激怒了当地的风力发电公司，他们正在向政策制定者请愿书。
petitioning:请愿书
But this year, as an unusually large snowmelt surges into the rivers of Oregon and Washington, the wind lobby is howling about government perfidy.
但在今年，随着罕见的冬雪大量融化，涌入俄勒岗州和华盛顿州的河水波浪中，风能发电的游说者对政府的出尔反尔大诉苦水。
surges:波浪
The guy in question is the Bonneville Power Administration (BPA), a venerable federal bureaucracy that markets power from 31 federal dams in the Columbia river basin.
卡恩所指的是邦纳维尔电力局，它是一所受人尊敬的联邦机构，行政着哥伦比亚河域盆地31座联邦水坝所发出电力的市场销售。
Administration:行政
BPA managers say near-flood conditions in the Columbia river—and strict laws protecting the river’s endangered salmon—give the agency no choice but to disconnect the windmills as it grapples with a large power surplus.
BPA的经理认为，基于哥伦比亚河几近泛滥的现状,再加上旨在保护其流域中濒临灭绝的鲑鱼的严格法案，使他们在面对电能过剩,需要消减时，只能将风力发电产生的电量并出电网，除此之外，别无它法。
managers:经理
It took all the region’s wind turbines offline for about five hours and it expects to continue to pull the plug on them for a few hours almost every night until well into July, when enough snow in the Cascades and northern Rockies will have melted for the excess run-off (and therefore the excess power) to subside.
即：将哥伦比亚河地区所有的风力涡轮机发出的电能并出电网5小时，预期之后几乎每晚都将并出电能几小时，这一行为要持续到7月。直到卡斯克德和北落基山的融雪流过（因此产生了过多的电力）并下落后。
subside:下落
“We are not thinking as far ahead today as we did in the 1930s and 1940s, when we started building dams.”
在上世纪三四十年代，我们建筑水坝的时候，并没有考虑到七十年后会发展成什么样子。
building:建筑
Last year HTC resolved another claim over Android, with Microsoft, agreeing to pay it hefty royalties.
去年，HTC也解决了一起有关安卓系统的专利问题，它同意向微软 royalties巨额专利费用。
royalties:royalties
But as it has gained confidence in making smartphones under its own brand, it has steadily risen up mobile operators’ lists of the handsets they promote to subscribers.
但是随着在制造自己品牌智能机方面积累起了信心，它在升起运营商向用户推荐的手机名单中的地位平稳上升。
risen:升起
The bride traditionally wears a long white dress and the groom might wear a uniform if he is in the military.
按惯例，新娘制服白色长裙，新郎也许会制服军装假如他是军人的话。
uniform:制服
Ellen wore a big pink gown. Doug came dressed as a red, ripe strawberry.
Ellen穿着一条粉红的长裙，而Doug睡衣成了一颗鲜红熟透了的草莓。
gown:睡衣
Ellen and Doug did not read vows or exchange rings -- there was no ceremony, no kiss, no wedding.
Ellen和Doug没有宣誓，没有交换戒指：没有婚礼，没有亲吻，也没有婚礼。
wedding:婚礼
But we did want to have a party and celebrate it.
但是，我敢肯定，有一定会表示不理解。
have:有
For men the median age -- meaning half were younger and half were older -- was twenty-six.
而男性的介质是26岁——年轻的和年长的各占一半。
median:介质
By last year, however, the median age for women was twenty-six, and for men it was twenty-eight.
但是，至去年底，女性介质婚龄为26，而男性为28。
median:介质
It works for equality and fairness for unmarried people, including people who are single or live together before marriage.
专门针对公平平等为未婚人群——单身或是未婚同居，服务。
fairness:公平
NICKY GRIST: "What we're seeing are increasing numbers of very stable, long-term non-married relationships, and that includes both romantic relationships and also other kinds of relationships where people are simply committed to caring for one another, whether as friends or as extended family.
现在我们看到的是，不管在恋爱关系中还是在其他的一些关系中，无论是朋友还是家人，人们都在互相关心；非婚姻关系在变得稳定，长久。
caring:关心
And what we see is that caring goes beyond the one kind of relationship called marriage.
我们看到，那种关心不仅在婚姻中体现。
caring:关心
Some of the advice they received came from the youngest member of the Jonas Brothers, eighteen-year-old Nick.
他们收到的了Jonas Brothers（乔纳斯兄弟摇滚组合）最年轻的成员，18岁的Nick的一些建议。
received:收到的
It's like Korean and Chinese pop music, and they're using American influences in their music, and I feel that's very cool to hear, a pop song you think you'd hear on the radio in America, in another language."
像韩国和中国的流行音乐，他们在音乐中加入了美国我，我觉得，听到一首用其他语言演唱的，你认为会在美国电台听到的流行歌曲非常酷！”
I:我
Consider the "Sleeping Beauty diet," where you sleep your way to weight loss.
供你参考的有“睡美人饮食”，教你怎样在睡着减肥。
Sleeping:睡着
You cannot eat if you are sleeping, or so the theory goes.
大概的意思是，睡着的时候别吃东西。
sleeping:睡着
This may be more trouble than many people want.
很多人也许会发现这很麻烦。
trouble:麻烦
The Ornish diet plan became more popular in nineteen ninety-three with the release of his book "Eat More, Weigh Less."
随着1993年他的书《越吃越瘦》的问世，他的饮食建议更受大众的欢迎。
book:书
He noted that a baked potato is not high in fat, but it becomes fatty when people add sour cream and butter to it.
他举例已注意到，一个烤土豆脂肪含量并不高，但是，当人们混着酸奶油和黄油一起吃时，其脂肪含量就高了。
noted:已注意到
The plan advises people to avoid all meat and meat products, and to stay away from oils, nuts and seeds.
方案指出人们应该避免进食全肉或全肉加工食品，还要远离食油，坚果和种子肉类。
meat:肉类
The plan advises people to avoid all meat and meat products, and to stay away from oils, nuts and seeds.
方案指出人们应该避免进食全肉或全肉加工食品，还要远离食油，坚果和种子肉类。
meat:肉类
The plan advises people to avoid all meat and meat products, and to stay away from oils, nuts and seeds.
方案指出人们应该避免进食全肉或全肉加工食品，还要远离食油，坚果和坚果类食品。
nuts:坚果
The Ornish diet has proved to be effective for many people.
Ornish的进食方案证明证明适用于很多人。
proved:证明
The study found that low fat diets and high fat diets were equally successful at providing and maintaining weight loss over a two year period.
结果表明，在两年的实验年份，低脂饮食和高脂饮食的减肥效果是一样的。
year:年份
And you must burn more calories than you take in no matter what you eat.
而且要做到，不管你吃什么，都应该让进入身体的卡路里少于吃的那一部分。
eat:吃
SHIRLEY GRIFFITH: Some people are unable to lose weight through diet and exercise, no matter how hard they try.
有些人，不管怎么运动，节食也好运动也好，就是减不了肥。
exercise:运动
This is done by separating the stomach into two parts, including a very small section at the top.
也就是将胃分成两顶部，而其中，上端的顶部狭小。
top:顶部
People who have had this operation are forced to eat smaller amounts of food because their top stomach fills up much faster.
做了这种手术的人被迫减少进食，因为他们胃的上端顶部在进食过程中会很快被填满。
top:顶部
He says Indonesia has a lot of opportunity for entrepreneurs who take a risk.
他表示，对愿意冒险的企业家来说，印尼有大量说。
says:说
Its authors, Alessandro Acquisti, Ralph Gross and Fred Stutzman, all at America’s Carnegie Mellon University, ran several experiments that show how three converging technologies are undermining privacy.
格罗斯以及弗雷德?斯杜兹曼都来自于美国卡内基梅隆大学，他们的几个试验向人们演示了这种三合一的它的是如何侵犯别人隐私的。
Its:它的
They fed the pictures into an off-the-shelf face-recognition programme that compared them with 280,000 images they had found by using a search engine to identify Facebook profiles from the same city.
他们把这些图片输入现成的面部识别程序，然后将他们与同一城市通过搜索引擎辨识的Facebook头像中的28万份肖像进行对比。
identify:辨识
That might not seem a big percentage, but the hit rate will get better as face-recognition software improves and more snaps are uploaded.
这个比率似乎并不算高，但如果面部识别软件似乎改进，从网上下载的照片更多，则识别率将会有很大的提升。
seem:似乎
By mining public sources, including Facebook profiles and government databases, the researchers could identify at least one personal interest of each student and, in a few cases, the first five digits of a social security number.
通过挖掘Facebook头像以及政府数据库等公共资源，研究人员可以辨识每位同学的至少一种个人兴趣，有几次甚至识别出他们社保号码的前五位数字。
identify:辨识
All this helps to explain concerns over the use of face-recognition software by the likes of Google and Facebook, which have been acquiring firms that specialise in that technology, or licensing software from them.
看到这些，你就知道了为什么人们对于Google和Facebook这样的网站使用面部识别软件那么企业，这些网站一直在收购专门研制这种技术的公司，或者从他们那里获得软件的使用许可。
firms:企业
(Google recently snapped up Pittsburgh Pattern Recognition, the firm which owns the programme the researchers used for their tests.)
（Google最近抢先购得匹兹堡图案识别公司，这家公司拥有研究人员测试所用的那种程序。
tests:测试
WITHOUT them many an economy would grind to a halt: the global army of between 50m and 100m domestic workers, most of them women and children.
全球约有五千万到一亿的家政军队大军，如果没有他们，许多经济都会慢慢停下来。
army:军队
Yet tucked away in kitchens and nurseries, mainly in the Middle East and Asia, their wages often go unpaid, they are rarely granted any time off, and many face physical and sexual abuse.
他们忙碌在中东和亚洲的一些中的厨房和托儿所，他们常常拿不到应得的报酬，很少有假期，许多人经常遭遇肉体和性方面的虐待。
Middle:中
The International Labour Organisation (ILO) hopes to change all this with a new treaty adopted on June 16th at its annual conference.
国际劳工组织6月16日在其年会议通过了一项新条约，希望藉此改变所有这一切。
conference:会议
Only a few delegates—government officials as well as national representatives of employers and workers—voted against (Swaziland and a couple of employer groups, including the Confederation of British Industry), but there were some notable abstentions.
只有几个代表团——雇主、家政工人的政府官员或国家代表——投票反对（斯韦士兰和包括英国行业联合会在内的几个雇主小组），但也有英国人弃权，颇为引人注目。
British:英国人
This year the GCC shifted its position and even suggested several changes that strengthened the treaty.
今年海湾合作理事会国家改变了立场，还为完善条约提出了一些被转移的建议。
shifted:被转移
This year the GCC shifted its position and even suggested several changes that strengthened the treaty.
今年海湾合作理事会国家改变了立场，还为完善条约提出了一些加强的建议。
strengthened:加强
The convention now has to be ratified by governments, which is likely to take several years.
约定还须征得政府的批准，这项程序也许公约延续几年时间。
convention:公约
In the Middle East several countries are drafting legislation about domestic workers and are looking to the convention for guidance.
中东几个中正在起草有关家政工人的法律，希望以此约定作为指导。
Middle:中
The vacuum surrounding it buzzes with artificial satellites, forming a sort of technosphere beyond the atmosphere.
包围大气层的外部空间人造卫星来去匆匆，形成一个在大气层外面的所谓它层。
it:它
Many, though, form a ring like Saturn’s at a distance of 36,000km, the place at which an object takes 24 hours to orbit the Earth and thus hovers continuously over the same point of the planet.
然而，在距地球36, 000公里的轨道上物体绕转地球一周的时间为24小时，这个物体飞行时持续面对的是地球上的不变的同一个地点，这样许多地球同步卫星的运行会形成一个类似的土星环。
place:地点
And satellite-based global-positioning systems will guide a smart bomb to that location on demand.
基于卫星的全球定位系统能按需求指引智能炸弹到达目标。
demand:需求
Though engineers like Wernher von Braun, who built the rockets for both Germany’s second-world-war V2 project and America’s cold-war Apollo project, sold their souls to the military establishment in order to pursue their dreams of space travel by the only means then available, most of them had their eyes on a higher prize.
工程师们为了表示遨游太空的梦想全身心地投入到军事机构中，这是唯一的可以获得使用的途径。
means:表示
It is equally conceivable that the fantasy-made-reality of human space flight will return to fantasy.
人类太空飞翔的梦想成为现实，而退回幻想也将变得同样可信。
fantasy:幻想
It is equally conceivable that the fantasy-made-reality of human space flight will return to fantasy.
人类太空飞翔的梦想成为现实，而退回幻想也将变得同样可信。
fantasy:幻想
It marks the end of America’s space-shuttle programme, whose last mission is planned to launch on July 8th (see article, article).
它标志着美国航天计划的最后，该计划的最后使命是完成7月8日的发射。
last:最后
There is no appetite to return to the moon, let alone push on to Mars, El Dorado of space exploration.
再也没有重返月球的欲望，更不用谈火星推计划，太空探险的El Dorado计划。
push:推
The chances are that the Chinese government, like Richard Nixon’s in 1972, will say “job done” and pull the plug on the whole shebang.
”属于中国领导人的那一时刻，是否会像1972年的尼克松一样说“任务完成了”然后拔下整个黑班的插头呢。
shebang:黑班
Deaf people may have no trouble communicating English words through American Sign Language, or ASL.
通过美国手语（American Sign 词汇, or ASL），聋人可以无障碍地表达英语单词。
words:词汇
JILL MORFORD: "Anyone who has a first language that has a written system that's very different than English, like Arabic or Chinese or Russian, knows that learning to recognize and understand words in English is much more challenging than if you already speak a language that uses the same orthography."
莫福德：“任何人，如果其第一词汇的书写体系和英语有很大不同，像阿拉伯语、汉语或俄语这些词汇。他们就会知道，学习英语比学习使用相同正字法（orthography）的词汇更具挑战性。”
words:词汇
By analysing the isotopic composition of hydrocarbon molecules from plant waxes of the period, he found what looks like a spike in the amount of recently non-biological carbon (which has a distinctive ratio of light isotopes to heavy ones), lasting between 10,000 and 20,000 years.
通过分析该时期植物腊的碳氢分子同位素组成，他发现有种类似最近非生物碳（轻、重同位素有着独特的比例）的碳他在数量上激增，这种现象持续了1万到2万年。
he:他
By analysing the isotopic composition of hydrocarbon molecules from plant waxes of the period, he found what looks like a spike in the amount of recently non-biological carbon (which has a distinctive ratio of light isotopes to heavy ones), lasting between 10,000 and 20,000 years.
通过分析该时期植物腊的碳氢分子同位素组成，他发现有种类似最近非生物碳（轻、重同位素有着独特的比例）的碳碳在数量上激增，这种现象持续了1万到2万年。
carbon:碳
He thinks the liberation of methane stored at the bottom of the ocean in structures called clathrates is the most likely culprit.
他认为出现这种现象的最可能诱因是甲烷甲烷的释放,这些甲烷甲烷释放前存储在海底称作"笼形包合物"的结构中。
methane:甲烷
The alternative, that the carbon came from the volcanoes, is unlikely because the spike is much shorter than the period of volcanic activity.
另一种说法是这种碳碳来自于火山，但这不可能，因为碳数量激增期比火山活动期要短得多。
carbon:碳
Methane is a greenhouse gas far stronger than carbon dioxide, so the consequence would have been a rapid warming of the climate—a phenomenon that the rocks suggest did actually happen.
甲烷是一种比二氧化碳浓烈得多的温室甲烷，它的释放会导致地球气候迅速升温——岩石层研究也表明这种现象确实发生过。
Methane:甲烷
This is not the first time a methane burp has been blamed for an extinction.
人类已经不是第一次将物种灭绝归因于甲烷甲烷的脉冲式释放。
methane:甲烷
Though the Cretaceous asteroid cleared the stage, mammals did not really get going until 10m years later, in the Eocene epoch.
尽管白垩纪舞台的小行星灭绝了居统治地位的恐龙，但哺乳动物却一直到1000万年后的始新世才真正兴起繁盛起来。
stage:舞台
Though the Cretaceous asteroid cleared the stage, mammals did not really get going until 10m years later, in the Eocene epoch.
尽管白垩纪时代的小行星灭绝了居统治地位的恐龙，但哺乳动物却一直到1000万年后的始新世才真正兴起繁盛起来。
epoch:时代
The preceding Palaeocene epoch was also brought to an end, the rocks suggest, by a sudden release of methane.
岩石层研究表明甲烷的突然释放导致了之前的古新世时代结束。
epoch:时代
The public’s resolve to preserve Norway’s cherished freedom, openness and tolerance was as striking as the grief.
同人们的悲哀一样引人注目的是挪威公众自由珍贵的自由、开放性和宽容的决心。
freedom:自由
AUF, the party youth wing that organised the camp on Utoya island, was a doubly attractive target in his twisted ideology: it is fervently anti-racist and many members come from Norway’s ethnic minorities.
布列维克的价值体系是扭曲的，在他看来聚会于特岛夏令营的工党青年聚会AUF成为袭击对象有两方面非常吸引他：它强烈地反种族歧视；很多成员都是挪威的少数族裔。
party:聚会
Gro Harlem Brundtland, a former long-standing prime minister, delivered a keynote address to the young party members on the day of the massacre. hough she had been specifically picked by Mr Breivik (who called her the murderer rather than the mother of the nation), she had fortunately left the island before he got there.
哈莱姆?布伦特兰夫人( Gro Harlem Brundtland)在大屠杀当日向青年党员发表了一篇政治演讲。尽管布列维克先生特别把袭击目标站立布伦特兰夫人（他称呼她为谋杀者而不是国母），但是她在他到达那儿之前幸运地离岛。
standing:站立
Gro Harlem Brundtland, a former long-standing prime minister, delivered a keynote address to the young party members on the day of the massacre. hough she had been specifically picked by Mr Breivik (who called her the murderer rather than the mother of the nation), she had fortunately left the island before he got there.
哈莱姆?布伦特兰夫人( Gro Harlem Brundtland)在大屠杀当日向青年党员发表了一篇政治演讲。尽管布列维克先生特别把袭击目标左布伦特兰夫人（他称呼她为谋杀者而不是国母），但是她在他到达那儿之前幸运地离岛。
left:左
The country’s easy informality and open-access attitudes can surprise foreigners used to more strictly controlled environments.
这个打开不拘小节、开放的态度会让很多习惯了更严格控制的环境的外国人感到惊讶。
open:打开
Crown Princess Mette-Marit, for instance, moved freely among mourners at a gathering in the home town of her step-brother, Trond Berntsen, who was on guard at the Labour Party youth camp on Utoya island and one of the first to be killed.
贝恩特森( Trond Berntsen)的家乡举办的集会上自由岛屿行走于哀悼者之间，贝恩特森在于特岛工党青年夏令营担任保安工作，也是第一批被谋杀的。
island:岛屿
The country’s demographic make-up has shifted over the past 30 years; 12.2% of its 4.9m people are now immigrants and their Norwegian-born children.
该国的人口结构在过去30年里发生了被转移；现在占全部490万人口的12.2%是移民而且在挪威生育下一代。
shifted:被转移
Mr Stoltenberg this week announced an independent inquiry into the attacks, amid criticism of the police response.
在人们对警察反应的批评声中，本周，斯托尔滕贝格先生宣布将对这两起袭击答复进行独立调查。
response:答复
In thinking about the future, Norwegians may look to their immediate neighbours, examining their experiences of sudden bloodshed and the paths they took afterwards.
在考虑未来的未来，挪威人也许会借鉴他们的邻居们的经验，审视邻国从突然的血腥中得到的教训以及接下来选择的道路。
future:未来
Sightings of leading politicians on Stockholm’s streets are rarer than they once were and access to government buildings is trickier.
在斯德哥尔摩街头看到政治家们的次数比过去少了，进入政府大楼的许可也更加严格。
politicians:政治家
The far-right Danish People’s Party has consistently and successfully bartered its voting power for the chance to hold sway over immigration policy.
极右的丹麦人民党以自己的投票权交易在移民政策上的话语权。
bartered:交易
Now, after Norway’s tragedy, there may be some rethinking in Denmark.
如今在挪威惨剧发生之后，丹麦也许会重新重新思考一下。
rethinking:重新思考
Snow crystals grow in one of two designs – plate-like and columnar.
雪晶有碟如和柱如两种。
like:如
Yet the snow does take in a little sunlight.
然而，它也会吸收一些阳光。
sunlight:阳光
In early December, ice and heavy snow caused officials in Paris to close its main airport and the Eiffel Tower.
十二月初，法国巴黎的大雪引起的政府不得不关闭机场和埃菲尔铁塔。
caused:引起的
If this happens, people should remain in or near their car unless they see some kind of help.
如果发生这种情况，被困人员应该留在车里或车附近除非看到了援救的人靠近。
near:靠近
The District also is looking at other things, using master educators to evaluate teachers.
学区也在考核其它事情，由优秀的教师对教师进行评估。
teachers:教师
Teachers with the highest rating -- "highly effective" -- can receive a performance bonus of up to twenty-five thousand dollars.
”被评为最高等级“高效”的教师将接受多达2.5万美元的绩效奖金。
receive:接受
Almost sixty percent of the teachers who were rated "minimally effective" last year stayed in the school system and improved.
去年留下评为“低效”的占总数近60%的教师继续留任并已有所提高。
stayed:留下
School officials say these teachers received help to become better.
学校官员表示，这些教师收到的了帮助并有所提高。
received:收到的
She left last year and her deputy, Kaya Henderson, took her place.
去年她辞职离开，她的副手卡亚·汉德森（Kaya Henderson）接替了她的左。
left:左
He said this week that markets still consider United States credit "as among the world's safest."
”奥巴马表示，这一星期，市场仍然考虑美国信用是世界上最安全的。
consider:考虑
Nick Parsons, an economist with the National Australia Bank, says the bank made the right move.
澳大利亚国民银行的经济学家尼克·帕森斯（Nick Parsons）表示，欧洲央行做出了正确的移动。
move:移动
But he also thinks the bank will have to buy more.
但他也认为，欧洲央行将必须买更多债券。
buy:买
Every language has its ways of expressing strong emotions -- surprise, shock, anger.
每种语言都有其表达惊讶、震惊和愤怒等强烈愤怒的方式。
anger:愤怒
ALESSANDRO ACQUISTI: "The convergence of all these technologies -- face recognition, social networks, cloud computing -- and all these advances in statistical re-identification techniques and data mining are creating this world where you can blend together online and offline data.
阿奎斯蒂：“脸部识别、社交网络、云计算这些科技的融合，以及统计识别计算和数据挖掘方面的进步使得这个世界可以将线上线下(即网上与网下)数据连接到一起。
computing:计算
For certain areas, if you have a lot of clay in your soil, you may find that bulbs do not last a long time for you, as in just a couple years.
对某些特定地区来说，如果粘土很黏，你会发现鳞茎植物活不了太久，最多几年时间。
clay:粘土
A backlash against the state’s feisty conservatives fizzles out
对本州暴躁保守派的反抗终于出去
out:出去
IN A neighbourhood of double garages and tightly cropped lawns, a woman stops her car in the middle of the road and leaps out to tell Randy Hopper, her state senator, how strongly she supports the reforms he and other Republicans legislators have championed in Wisconsin.
在有两个车库、草坪耕作非常整齐的街区，一位妇女将车停在马路中间，从车中走出来，告诉州参议员Randy Hopper，她是多么坚定地支持他和其他共和党立法人拥护的威斯康星州的改革方案。
cropped:耕作
IN A neighbourhood of double garages and tightly cropped lawns, a woman stops her car in the middle of the road and leaps out to tell Randy Hopper, her state senator, how strongly she supports the reforms he and other Republicans legislators have championed in Wisconsin.
在有两个车库、草坪修剪非常整齐的街区，一位妇女将车停在马路中间，从车中走出来，告诉州参议员Randy Hopper，她是多么坚定地支持他和其他共和党立法人冠军的威斯康星州的改革方案。
championed:冠军
But there were enough of them to deny Democrats the majority they were seeking in the state Senate, and to dampen hopes on the left that aggrieved public-sector workers could restore their electoral fortunes nationwide next year.
但是否决民主党的选民到处都是，民主党是州参议院寻找的大多数，而且抑制左派希望，权利受损的公共部门的员工可以帮助民主党明年在全国范围重获多数选民支持。
seeking:寻找
Government employees were to be stripped of any say in their benefits, while their pay, in future, would rise no faster than the consumer price index.
政府公务员将被剥夺对福利的任何要求，而将来工资升高速度将没有消费者物价指数升高的快。
rise:升高
One thing seems certain, however: the Democratic fantasy of an irresistible leftward swing among voters outraged by Republican extremism is just that.
但是，有一件事情似乎已经确定：民主党幻想着似乎共和党的极端主义激怒的选民中，偏向左翼的趋势是不可阻挡的，但这仅仅是幻想而已。
seems:似乎
Second, dynamic India can hardly soar globally while mired in its own backyard. Promoting regional prosperity is surely the best way to persuade neighbours that its own rise is more of an opportunity than a threat. Yet India lacks any kind of vision. A region -wide energy market using northern neighbours’hydropower would transform South Asian economies. Vision, too, could go a long way to restoring ties that history has cut asunder, such as those between Karachi and Mumbai, once sister commercial cities but now as good as on different planets; and Kolkata and its huge former hinterland in Bangladesh.
其次，如果后院起火的话，就算印度再充满活力也不能在国际舞台大展拳脚。要让邻居认为“与其说印度升高是个威胁不如说是个机会”，促进区域繁荣是确凿无疑的最好方式。然而，印度缺乏任何形式的远见。使用北方邻国的水力发电来开发出一个区域性能源市场，这样便可以带动南亚经济发展。同样，要修复被历史切割为碎片的联系，这一怀远之道还有相当长的一段路要走。例如，卡拉奇和孟买在历史上是姊妹商业城市，现在却形同陌路，仿佛不在一个星球之上；还有加尔各答和原其孟加拉国巨大腹地亦是如此。
soar:升高
ON AUGUST 1st Airbnb, an online marketplace that helps people rent rooms, admitted that it had mishandled a complaint from someone whose apartment was ransacked by one of its renters.
8月1日，Airbnb，一家在线房屋租赁公司，承认他们错误的处理了一起客户投诉，这位客户的房间被其中一名租客洗劫一空。
rooms:房间
ON AUGUST 1st Airbnb, an online marketplace that helps people rent rooms, admitted that it had mishandled a complaint from someone whose apartment was ransacked by one of its renters.
8月1日，Airbnb，一家在线公寓租赁公司，承认他们错误的处理了一起客户投诉，这位客户的公寓被其中一名租客洗劫一空。
apartment:公寓
Other American web superstars, such as Groupon, a discount firm, and Kickstarter, which crowdsources funding for arts and technology projects, have also been attacked by “clones” (services set up in foreign markets that are almost identical to the American originals).
）其它的美国互联网明星企业，克隆Groupon（一个团购网站）和Kickstarter（一家为艺术和技术项目提供公众集资平台的网站），也同样受到了“克隆企业”（那些在海外市场成立，却与美国本土企业几乎一样的公司。）的困扰。
clones:克隆
They later sell these “clones”, sometimes to the firms on which they were modelled.
再卖掉这些“克隆”企业，有时就卖给被他们模范的企业。
modelled:模范
Airbnb is now firmly in the Samwers’sights. In June, the American firm bought Accoleo, a start -up in Hamburg, as a way into the European market. It faces stiff competition not just from 9flats but also from Wimdu, a clone backed by the Samwer brothers and staffed with experienced hands. Arne Bleckwenn, the boss of Wimdu, is on his third start -up for the Samwers. Gamegoods, his first, was a rare flop. The second, GratisPay, a virtual -currency platform for internet games, was sold last year to SponsorPay, a German rival.
Airbnb现在就被Samwer兄弟瞄上了。在6月，这家美国企业买下了在德国汉堡的一家创业企业Accoleo，借此进入欧洲市场。它所面临的严峻竞争不单来自9flats，也来自Samwer兄弟投资的另一家拥有经验丰富的员工的克隆企业Wimdu。对Wimdu的老板Ame Bleckwenn来说，这已经是他的第三次创业了。他创业的第一家企业Gamegoods是一次十足的失败。第二家是专为网络游戏有职员虚拟货币的平台网站GratisPay，在去年卖给了德国的竞争对手SponsorPay。
staffed:有职员
Wimdu is no shoestring operation: in June it raised $90m from its core investors. In July the Samwers raised more money for Zalando, an online shoe -shop that resembles Amazon’s Zappos. Both Wimdu and Zalando may ultimately be snapped up by other firms, though the Samwers could choose to hang on to them or to take some equity in the buyer —a strategy Rocket Internet adopted when it sold CityDeal, an online -discount firm, to Groupon last year. Rocket Internet has been helping to develop Groupon’s international business, along with two of the Samwer brothers. It stands to make more money from Groupon’s planned stockmarket listing.
Wimdu可不是小本经营，仅在6月它就从核心投资者那儿获得了9千万的投资。在7月Samwer兄弟又为Zalando带来了更多的投资，这是一家在网上卖鞋的网站，和Amazon的Zappos类似。不管Wimdu还是Zalando，最终都可能会被别的公司收购，虽然Samwer兄弟可以选择是自己经营还是从购买者那保持一定的股份——在去年将CityDeal（一家在线团购网站）卖给Groupon时，Rocket Internet就采取了后一种策略。 Rocket Internet和Samwer兄弟中的其中两位决定帮助提升Groupon的国际企业，这样他们就可以从Groupon的上市计划中获利更多。
firms:企业
Wimdu is no shoestring operation: in June it raised $90m from its core investors. In July the Samwers raised more money for Zalando, an online shoe -shop that resembles Amazon’s Zappos. Both Wimdu and Zalando may ultimately be snapped up by other firms, though the Samwers could choose to hang on to them or to take some equity in the buyer —a strategy Rocket Internet adopted when it sold CityDeal, an online -discount firm, to Groupon last year. Rocket Internet has been helping to develop Groupon’s international business, along with two of the Samwer brothers. It stands to make more money from Groupon’s planned stockmarket listing.
Wimdu可不是小本经营，仅在6月它就从核心投资者那儿获得了9千万的投资。在7月Samwer兄弟又为Zalando带来了更多的投资，这是一家在网上卖鞋的网站，和Amazon的Zappos类似。不管Wimdu还是Zalando，最终都可能会被别的公司收购，虽然Samwer兄弟可以选择是自己经营还是从购买者那保持一定的股份——在去年将CityDeal（一家在线团购网站）卖给Groupon时，Rocket Internet就通过的了后一种策略。 Rocket Internet和Samwer兄弟中的其中两位决定帮助提升Groupon的国际业务，这样他们就可以从Groupon的上市计划中获利更多。
adopted:通过的
Wimdu is no shoestring operation: in June it raised $90m from its core investors. In July the Samwers raised more money for Zalando, an online shoe -shop that resembles Amazon’s Zappos. Both Wimdu and Zalando may ultimately be snapped up by other firms, though the Samwers could choose to hang on to them or to take some equity in the buyer —a strategy Rocket Internet adopted when it sold CityDeal, an online -discount firm, to Groupon last year. Rocket Internet has been helping to develop Groupon’s international business, along with two of the Samwer brothers. It stands to make more money from Groupon’s planned stockmarket listing.
Wimdu可不是小本经营，仅在6月它就从核心投资者那儿获得了9千万的投资。在7月Samwer兄弟又为Zalando带来了更多的投资，这是一家在网上卖鞋的网站，和Amazon的Zappos类似。不管Wimdu还是Zalando，最终都可能会被别的公司收购，虽然Samwer兄弟可以选择是自己经营还是从购买者那保持一定的股份——在去年将CityDeal（一家在线团购网站）卖给Groupon时，Rocket Internet就采取了后一种策略。 Rocket Internet和Samwer兄弟中的其中两位决定帮助提升Groupon的国际坚固，这样他们就可以从Groupon的上市计划中获利更多。
firm:坚固
Fred Destin, a venture capitalist at Atlas Venture who has worked in both Europe and America, sees a double standard.“When something works in America”, he says,“eight companies immediately go after the same opportunity and venture capitalists fund them. But nobody calls them clones.”The fact that Groupon has been willing to work with the Samwers on building its business is another sign that some of the outrage is overdone.
来自Atlas Venture的Fred Destin，作为一位在欧洲和美国都工作过的风险投资家，他发现了其中的克隆。 “当一些企业在美国兴起时”，他说道“8家相同的企业会立马获得相同的机会，得到风投们的支持。但是却没有人说他们是抄袭。” 事实上， Groupon愿意同Samwer兄弟合作发展业务的意愿就给了我们一个信号，来自克隆企业的冲击太过分了。
clones:克隆
Fred Destin, a venture capitalist at Atlas Venture who has worked in both Europe and America, sees a double standard.“When something works in America”, he says,“eight companies immediately go after the same opportunity and venture capitalists fund them. But nobody calls them clones.”The fact that Groupon has been willing to work with the Samwers on building its business is another sign that some of the outrage is overdone.
来自Atlas Venture的Fred Destin，作为一位在欧洲和美国都工作过的风险投资家，他发现了其中的双重标准。 “当一些商务在美国兴起时”，他说道“8家相同的商务会立马获得相同的机会，得到风投们的支持。但是却没有人说他们是抄袭。” 事实上， Groupon愿意同Samwer兄弟合作发展业务的意愿就给了我们一个信号，来自克隆商务的冲击太过分了。
business:商务
While washing your hands have you ever wondered what materials are in a bar of soap and why it cleans?
当你在洗手的期间，你有没有想过肥皂里到底有什么东西，而到底又是什么在发挥清洁作用呢？
While:期间
FAITH LAPIDUS: One way to learn more about soap-making is to watch Mary Kearns at work.
要搞清楚肥皂的制造过程，其中一种方法就是看着Mary Kearns工作。
making:制造
MARY KEARNS: "Pretty basic ingredients. Three kinds of oils, water, lye.
“都是些基本的东西，三种油，水以及碱。
oils:油
STEVE EMBER: First, she adds the water and lye solution little by little to a large pot of heated oil.
”首先，她一点一点地把碱溶液倒进滚烫的石油里。
oil:石油
Then, she uses an electric blender to mix the oils with the lye and water.
接着，她用一个电子搅拌器搅拌油和碱水。
oils:油
When the soap has reached "trace" it means the liquid soap has come to a point where it will not separate back into oil and water.
一旦肥皂到达“分水”这一步，这也就意味着，它不可能再回复到水和石油的状态了。
oil:石油
During saponification, an alkali base such as sodium hydroxide reacts with a fat.
在皂化武器化过程中，碱或者是氢氧化钠和油脂发生武器化。
saponification:武器化
During saponification, an alkali base such as sodium hydroxide reacts with a fat.
在皂化反应过程中，碱或者是氢氧化钠和脂肪发生反应。
fat:脂肪
This forms a small amount of alcohol called glycerol and a metal salt of fatty acids, or soap.
会形成少量的甘油（甘油的一种：丙三醇）和一种脂肪酸金属盐，或者肥皂。
glycerol:甘油
Soap cleans because its molecules attach to nonpolar molecules like oil and polar molecules like water.
肥皂之所以有清洁功能是因为其分子会粘附非极化分子（如石油分子）和极化分子（如水分子）。
oil:石油
Archeologists have found containers filled with a material similar to soap while studying the ancient cultures of Babylon and Egypt.
在研究古巴比伦和埃及文化的同时，考古学家在一些容器里发现了类似肥皂的东西。
while:同时
By the twelfth century, soap- making centers had developed in cities such as Marseilles, France and Savona, Italy.
到十二世纪，法国的马赛以及意大利的萨沃纳已经有了肥皂制造中心。
making:制造
The French chemist Nicolas Leblanc discovered how to make soda ash from salt in the late eighteenth century.
18世纪末，法国化学家Nicolas Leblanc发现从苏打中能提取到苏打末。
soda:苏打
The Belgian chemist Ernest Solvay later developed a better method of soda ash production in the eighteen sixties.
后来在19世纪60年代，比利时人欧内斯特·索尔维发明了一种较更好的生产苏打粉末的方法。
better:更好
Ms. Kearns chooses papers made from recycled materials, often with colors made from soy ink.
Kearns夫人通常用可循环利用的材料做包装纸，纸是由豆类油墨来着色的。
soy:豆类
Mary Kearns also sells her products at craft fairs and at stores in Washington, D.C, Maryland, Virginia and California.
Kearns的肥皂也在工艺品市场出售，以及华盛顿，马里兰，弗吉尼亚和加利福利亚的各大商店出售。
sells:出售
At eight dollars a soap, these products cost more than commercially produced soaps.
8美金的价格使得这些肥皂比同等产品要贵些许。
products:产品
At eight dollars a soap, these products cost more than commercially produced soaps.
8美金的价格生产的这些肥皂比同等商品要贵些许。
produced:生产的
But she says more and more people are willing to pay more for natural, hand-made products.
但是Kearns说越来越多的人愿意多花钱买自然的手工产品。
products:产品
But there are some single-sex programs, like a girls public school in Dallas, Texas.
但也有若干单一性别的学校，例如德州达拉斯市的女孩公立学校。
girls:女孩
NAKIA DOUGLAS: "This wing here will be our electives -- specifically all of our foreign languages: Latin, Mandarin, Spanish.
道格拉斯：“我们的选修选题将在这一侧进行--尤其是所有的外语选修课：拉丁语、汉语和西班牙语。
electives:选题
Kendall Keeter thinks the boys school will be good for his son the way the girls school was for his daughter.
肯德尔·基特（Kendall Keeter）认为男子学校对他的儿子有好处，就像女孩学校对他的女儿有好处一样。
girls:女孩
The young men understand they are their brother's keeper.
这些年轻人都懂得他们是其兄弟的监护人。
keeper:监护人
Last week, the European Central Bank bought more than thirty billion dollars in Italian and Spanish debt securities.
上周，意大利语购买了超过300 亿美元的意大利和西班牙债券。
Italian:意大利语
Italy and Spain have yet to recover from the worldwide recession.The purchases of their government debt helped reduce their borrowing costs, but the bank will probably have to act again.
意大利和西班牙尚未从全球经济衰退中恢复，欧洲央行购买他们的政府债券有助于减少其借贷成本，但欧洲央行可能被迫再次出手。
reduce:减少
These would be loans guaranteed by all euro countries instead of only the governments seeking them.
这种债券将是由所有欧元区国家担保的贷款，而不仅仅是寻找贷款的国家。
seeking:寻找
The European Commission says it supports the French and German proposals.
德语表示他们支持法国和德国的提议。
German:德语
In violated towns and cities, there was angry incomprehension at the apparent willingness of armoured police to stand back while shops were pillaged and torched by marauding youths.
某些骚乱城镇，暴乱的年轻人对店铺疯狂地砸抢烧，而开掠夺装甲车的警察分明就是束手旁观，这让人们感到气愤与无法理解。
pillaged:掠夺
In violated towns and cities, there was angry incomprehension at the apparent willingness of armoured police to stand back while shops were pillaged and torched by marauding youths.
某些骚乱城镇，暴乱的年轻人对店铺疯狂地砸抢火炬，而开着装甲车的警察分明就是束手旁观，这让人们感到气愤与无法理解。
torched:火炬
Both he and Peter Waddington, a former policeman and now an authority on crowd control at Wolverhampton University, are sceptical about plastic bullets (or baton rounds as the police call them).
彼得?沃丁顿（Peter Waddington）原来担任警察，现在是伍尔弗汉普顿大学公众秩序权力机构方面的专家。他和马丁对塑料子弹（警方称之为“防暴子弹”）的作用均持怀疑态度。
authority:权力机构
Mike Waldren, a retired chief superintendent who formerly ran London’s firearms unit, blames senior officers at Scotland Yard, fearful of being charged with overreacting, for hobbling commanders on the ground.
现已退休的伦敦枪支库前负责人麦克?沃德仁（Mike Waldren）谴责伦敦警察厅高层警官因为怕被责备反应过激而限制了现场警察的防http:// www. remword. cn动。
blames:责备
But something is considered small potatoes if it is not important.
一些不重要的事被考虑small potatoes（鸡毛蒜皮）。
considered:考虑
WILLIAM DENG: "The skill they only know is soldiering,Now, you must train them with life skills, such as carpentry, making bricks and also small agriculture, or micro-financing."
William Deng ：“他们唯一的士兵就是当兵，现在，我们必须为他们培训谋生士兵，例如木工，制砖，小型农业或者小额融资。”
soldiering:士兵
And we, as an institution, will have the role of producing those who will come out and work in the agricultural sector, in terms of the necessary interventions that need to be made to improve our food security."
作为一个机构，我们学校可以为从事农业部门工作的人提供培训，还有一些必要的发明创造来改善我们的粮食安全条款。”
terms:条款
And we, as an institution, will have the role of producing those who will come out and work in the agricultural sector, in terms of the necessary interventions that need to be made to improve our food security."
作为一个机构，我们学校可以为从事农业部门工作的人提供培训，还有一些必要的发明创造来改善我们的粮食安全需要。”
need:需要
And that was an assumption that underpinned the war on terror, too.
这也是支持反恐战争的一个假设。
underpinned:支持
And I think that there's a similar feeling of outrage in the Arab world.
而我认为阿拉伯世界的愤怒也存在类似的感觉。
outrage:愤怒
In London, British protesters demonstrated earlier this year against their government's cost-cutting measures.
在伦敦，英国示威者今年早些时候举行示威活动动，反对政府的成本削减措施。
cost:成本
The protests in the Arab world might never have amounted to much without the use of social media to help organize protests.
如果不是使用社交化媒体帮助组织抗议，阿拉伯世界的示威使用可能永远不会有多大结果。
use:使用
The protests in the Arab world might never have amounted to much without the use of social media to help organize protests.
如果不是使用社交化媒体帮助组织抗议，阿拉伯世界的示威帮助可能永远不会有多大结果。
help:帮助
Visitors to the page were asked to identify her "and let the government take care of the rest."
访问该页面的用户被要求辨认她，政府处理剩下的照顾（网络通缉人肉搜索变种？
care:照顾
Mr Mahbubani, now dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy in Singapore, says “every piece of advice that the Asians received has been ignored” in the West.
新加坡的李光耀公共政策学院（Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy）的副院长Mahbubani先生说在西方，“亚洲收到的的建议一概被置之不理”。
received:收到的
According to the latest Pew Global Attitudes Survey, based on questioning in April, the proportion of respondents who think China has already replaced America as the world’s leading superpower, or will do so one day, was 63% in China, 65% in Britain and 46% even in America (up from 33% as recently as 2009).
最新的皮尤全球态度调查显示：根据四月份的问卷调查，按中国已经或者终有一天将取代美国成为世界领先的超级大国的人的各国比率为：中国63%，英国65%，甚至连美国也有46%（刚过去不久的2009年该比率只有33%）。
According:按
According to the latest Pew Global Attitudes Survey, based on questioning in April, the proportion of respondents who think China has already replaced America as the world’s leading superpower, or will do so one day, was 63% in China, 65% in Britain and 46% even in America (up from 33% as recently as 2009).
最新的皮尤全球态度调查显示：根据四月份的问卷调查，同意中国已经或者终有一天将取代美国成为世界领先的超级大国的人的超级力量比率为：中国63%，英国65%，甚至连美国也有46%（刚过去不久的2009年该比率只有33%）。
superpower:超级力量
It also fretted that America’s irresponsibility would undermine “the spluttering world economic recovery” and that “financial turmoil could come back to haunt us all.”
同时它还烦躁美国的不负责任会破坏“慢慢好转的世界经济的复苏”以及“经济灾难会返回缠住我们不放”。
fretted:烦躁
Asia, too, is addicted to American debt, in so far as this finances imports from Asia, which then invests some of the proceeds back in America.
亚洲也是越来越沦陷于美国的债务之中——美国的资金来自亚洲，而亚洲会将收益的一部分投资在美国。
proceeds:收益
And it owns Dunkin’ Donuts, which sells coffee to wash down the doughnuts at its stores.
这家公司还拥有唐恩都乐饮品连锁店，在商店内出售咖啡来送下油炸圈饼。
sells:出售
And it owns Dunkin’ Donuts, which sells coffee to wash down the doughnuts at its stores.
这家公司还拥有唐恩都乐咖啡连锁店，在商店内销售咖啡来送下油炸圈饼。
coffee:咖啡
MARK WARMUTH: "There’s no right or wrong answer with regard to ‘What’s a good cup of coffee?’ A lot of it has to do with personal preference or taste."
Mark Warmuth ：“关于怎样算是一杯好咖啡这个问题的答案并没有对错尊重，这完全与个人喜好和口味有关。”
regard:尊重
MARK WARMUTH: “They’re seeking something that would be better than what they can buy at Starbucks. They’re seeking out smaller, boutique, artisan, craft coffee roasters, which I consider us to be, a boutique coffee roasting company.
Mark Warmuth ：“他们追求一些比在星巴克买到的口味更好的咖啡,他们在寻找一种较小的更好，专门烘烤咖啡的更好，我认为我们就是这样的。
better:更好
MARK WARMUTH: “They’re seeking something that would be better than what they can buy at Starbucks. They’re seeking out smaller, boutique, artisan, craft coffee roasters, which I consider us to be, a boutique coffee roasting company.
Mark Warmuth ：“他们追求一些比在星巴克买到的口味更好的咖啡,他们在寻找一种较小的精品店，专门烘烤咖啡的精品店，我考虑我们就是这样的。
consider:考虑
What we can do is source better quality beans and supply them at a fresher level because we’re smaller and we can cater to the smaller metro area.
我们所做的就是寻找品质更好的咖啡豆，以更新鲜的方式提供照顾他们，因为我们的规模更小，我们可以迎合都市较小地区的需求。
cater:照顾
The thinking goes that during hard times, people might not go on a trip but they might be willing to pay extra for good coffee.
这种思想就是，在困难时间，人们可能不想去旅行，但是他们乐意额外花费一点钱来享用一杯好咖啡。
times:时间
A new book called "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother" by Amy Chua has caused a debate about cultural differences in parenting.
Amy Chua撰写的新书《虎妈的战歌》( Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother)引发了人们对为人母亲的文化差异的辩论。
Mother:母亲
Ms. Chua says she decided to retreat when it seemed like there was a risk that she might lose her daughter.
Amy Chua表示，当她意识到自己可能面临失去女儿的风险的时候，她决定放弃。
risk:风险
She says it represents a traditional way of parenting among immigrants seeking a better future for their children.
她说，这代表为了孩子寻找更好的将来的移民传统的教育方式。
seeking:寻找
But she also sees a risk, When children have no time to be social or to follow their own interests, they might not develop other skills that they need to succeed in life.
但是她也看到了风险，当孩子们没有时间来进行社交或者发展自己的兴趣的时候，他们或许不能发展在生活中取得成功所需的其他技能。
risk:风险
He says technology makes it easier than ever for governments to identify people.
他说，它使得政府辨认个人身份比以往任何时候都更容易。
it:它
KRISTENE UNSWORTH: "There is so much secrecy around this information that we don't really know how these kind of images or other sorts of personal data points are being used, how long the information is being retained.
KRISTENE UNSWORTH ：“这类信息高度保密。我们无法确切知道这些图像和其他那种的个人资料如何被使用，这些信息会被保留多长时间等等。
kind:那种
It says protesters were planning to use mobile devices to organize activities to disrupt train service.
并声称示威者当时计划使用手机设备来组织扰乱地铁服务的使用。
use:使用
Changes in wind currents can then affect weather around the world.
气流的变化可以影响全球的风。
wind:风
The latest La Nina began in July of last year and ended in May.
最近一次拉尼娜从去年7月开始，并于今年5月最后。
last:最后
Wassila Thiaw studies Africa for the Climate Prediction Center at the National Weather Service in the United States.
Wassila Thiaw在美国中心气象局气候预测中心负责研究非洲气象。
Center:中心
Starting late last year, rains that were supposed to fall over Somalia, southern Ethiopia and northern Kenya failed.
从去年最后开始，原本应该降到索马里、埃塞尔比亚南部和肯尼亚北部的雨水并未降临。
last:最后
WASSILA THAW: "What played out here during the March-April-May season we do not think that is really La Nina.
WASSILA THAW ：“3到5月份期间（雨水出去降临）我们认为不是拉尼娜现象在发挥作用。
out:出去
WASSILA THAW: "What played out here during the March-April-May season we do not think that is really La Nina.
WASSILA THAW ：“3到5月份季节（雨水未能降临）我们认为不是拉尼娜现象在发挥作用。
season:季节
She provides adult supervision and a professional face to a firm growing so powerful and so quickly that it is bound to clash with governments.
她为一个成长地如此有力且迅速的公司提供了成熟的监管和专业化的监督。
supervision:监督
Ms Sandberg is doing her part to change this by encouraging women to be more assertive and by building an “old girls’ network”.
而桑德伯格在尽量改变这种状况。她建立了一个老女孩社区来鼓励女孩们变得更坚定而自信。
girls:女孩
Facebook has far to go before it fulfils its founder’s mission to become the “social utility” of the online world and Google has launched a rival service.
要实现它的创立者的梦想，即成为网络世界的社交公共设施。尤其是在google推出一个类似的实用之后，Facebook还有很长的路要走。
utility:实用
Indeed, the purchase will provide Google with an awful lot of patents: around 17,000 of them issued and another 7,500 pending.
此外，此次交易将提供提供谷歌大量的专利：大约17，000个已经获得专利权，另外有7，500个正在申请中。
provide:提供
In December four companies, including Microsoft and Apple, paid $450m for around 880 patents and applications owned by Novell, an ailing software firm.
12月，包括微软和苹果在内的四家企业为了大约880项专利向专利应用者——一家面临窘境的软件企业——诺勒支付了4.5 亿美元。
applications:应用
Apple claims its technology has been copied by Samsung and Motorola in their Android phones.
苹果声称其它的被三星和摩托罗拉抄袭在其各自的安卓手机内。
its:它的
Some say companies are attaching more value to intellectual property.
知识分子说企业将继续注重知识产权的价值。
intellectual:知识分子
Others counter that as computing goes mobile, it favours information-technology firms that have invested in research for years and that Google was naive—or idealistic—to broaden its IT business without having a stack of patents.
其它的反对声音认为随着计算机的移动性能提升，这将有助于那些投资于研究多年的信息技术企业的发展，并使得没有大量专利权的谷歌在拓展IT企业时显得缺乏经验和空想主义。
firms:企业
Others counter that as computing goes mobile, it favours information-technology firms that have invested in research for years and that Google was naive—or idealistic—to broaden its IT business without having a stack of patents.
其它的反对声音认为随着计算机的移动性能提升，这将有助于那些投资于研究多年的信息技术商务的发展，并使得没有大量专利权的谷歌在拓展IT业务时显得缺乏经验和空想主义。
business:商务
Nowadays, innovations in IT usually rely on many small improvements involving numerous technologies, which means it is not always clear precisely which inventions a patent covers.
现在，IT创新通常基于很小但包含大量资讯科技的改善，这意味着这些专利权不总是恰如其分的明确，所以大量的创新总是被同一个专利涉及。
IT:资讯科技
Nowadays, innovations in IT usually rely on many small improvements involving numerous technologies, which means it is not always clear precisely which inventions a patent covers.
现在，IT创新通常基于很小但包含大量它的改善，这意味着这些专利权不总是恰如其分的明确，所以大量的创新总是被同一个专利涉及。
it:它
But some NPEs are derided as “trolls” because their sole purpose seems to be to exploit the legal system by demanding licensing fees from companies, sometimes for questionable patents.
由于他们的核心理念是利用从企业之处收取高昂的许可费法律，很多NPEs似乎嘲笑为“姜太公钓鱼”。某些专利甚至还有问题。
seems:似乎
Over the past 15 years, the median award to NPEs of damages for patent infringement has doubled while that for other firms has declined
注：Troll v. fish by drawing bait along in the water用带有鱼饵的曳绳钓鱼[ perhaps related to French troller to quest ]在过去的15年，同意支付给NPEs的侵犯专利权的损害损害金的中间值翻了一倍，与此同时给其它企业的损害却在降低。
damages:损害
However, as big companies have improved their defences, the trolls have changed their tactics and are now going after start-ups.
不管怎样，随着大企业逐渐改进他们的“防御工事”，姜太公们也在改进他们的策略手段，并且现在热衷于欺负新出道的公司。
improved:改进
“See how far we have strayed from the notion of innovation, that we need to acquire patents to fend off potential suits,” he says of the firm’s overall strategy.
“看看我们在发明这个概念的迷途中迷路了多远。之所以迷途是我们需要获取专利的目的是为了抵御潜在法律诉讼，”
strayed:迷路
A new WHO report says the harmful use of alcohol kills two and one-half million people a year.
WHO一份新的报告称，有害的酒精每年造成250万人死亡。
alcohol:酒精
It says three hundred twenty thousand people between the ages of fifteen and twenty-nine die yearly from alcohol related causes.
报告称，每年有32万名15岁至29岁之间的年轻人死于与酒精相关的原因。
alcohol:酒精
However, the majority of people in the world are not alcohol drinkers.
然而，世界上大部分人是不酒精的。
alcohol:酒精
The report says in two thousand five, almost half of men and two-thirds of women did not drink alcohol at all.
该报告称，2005年，全世界接近一半的男性和三分之二的女性完全不酒精。
alcohol:酒精
Dr. Saxena says people who are dependent on alcohol live ten years less on average that those who do not have the problem.
Saxena表示，依赖酒精的人的平均寿命比不酒精的人的寿命少十年。
alcohol:酒精
The WHO has a plan to reduce the harmful use of alcohol.
WHO出台了一项计划，减少有害的酒精方式。
alcohol:酒精
It includes raising taxes on alcohol, reducing the number of places to buy alcohol and raising the drinking age.
包括提高酒精的税收，减少能够购买酒精的场所，提高酒精年龄。
alcohol:酒精
It includes raising taxes on alcohol, reducing the number of places to buy alcohol and raising the drinking age.
包括提高酒精的税收，减少能够买酒精的场所，提高饮酒年龄。
buy:买
It includes raising taxes on alcohol, reducing the number of places to buy alcohol and raising the drinking age.
包括提高酒精的税收，减少能够购买酒精的场所，提高酒精年龄。
alcohol:酒精
SHORT-SELLERS have been feasting of late on a crop of Chinese companies whose shares have collapsed on foreign markets amid allegations of deceptive accounting.
在会计作假的指控声中外国市场上一批中国公司股票大跌，这让卖空者欣喜不已。
accounting:会计
A sharp fall in a company’s share price after allegations of deceptive accounting is hardly unexpected, except perhaps in China.
公司在被控告会计作假后引起其股票的大跌是平常之事，或许在中国是例外。
accounting:会计
Revelations of financial fraud and various other similar crimes, such as embezzlement and kickbacks, are not entirely irrelevant to a company’s share price.
对财务诈骗和各种类似欺诈，如盗用公款，收取回扣等的揭露势必对该公司的股票价造成影响。
fraud:欺诈
The study found that companies caught up in mere accounting scandals saw their shares drop by an average of 8.8% over the six months on either side of the incident.
这一研究发现，仅陷于会计丑闻的公司在这一事件之前或之后的六个月里其股票平均下跌8.8%。
accounting:会计
Companies caught up in funny business involving the government faced a withdrawal of short-term financing and changes to the board—responses common in Western companies implicated in all sorts of scandal but rare among Chinese companies caught cooking the books.
因行为不轨被抓现行且有政府插手的公司面临着现金的回收和董事的变革——卷入一切丑闻后与西方公司的普遍反应，但是在被发现篡改账目的中国公司间却很少答复。
responses:答复
Reports of prosecutions in China over dodgy accounting in cases where investors or clients are victims remain scarce.
在中国对相关揭发控告欺诈会计使投资者和客户成为受害者的报道鲜有耳闻。
accounting:会计
But as ever more Americans go online instead of sending paper, the volume of mail has been plummeting (see chart).
自从越来越多的美国人选用网络而不是用邮政收寄信件,邮政的递送音量便直线开始下降。
volume:音量
Worse, because the post must deliver to every address in the country—about 150m, with some 1.4m additions every year— costs are simultaneously going up.
更要命的是，邮政服务必须送抵全国每一个邮政地址——美国现有邮政地址约一亿五千万个，每年都会多高一百四十多万个——这使得邮政支出同时高。
up:高
And although the recession made everything worse, the internet is the main culprit. As Christmas cards have gone online( and“green”), so have bills. In 2000, 5% of Americans paid utilities online. Last year 55% did, and eventually everybody will, says Mr Donahoe. Photos now go on Facebook, magazines come on iPads. Already, at least for Americans under a certain age, the post delivers only bad news or nuisances, from jury summonses to junk mail. Pleasant deliveries probably arrive by a parcel service such as UPS or FedEx.
尽管经济衰退迫使百业凋零，但要指出，网络才是罪魁祸首。人们上网寄送圣诞贺卡（“低碳环保”），连账单也电子化了。在2000年,5%的美国人上网交水电煤气费,而去年这一比例是55%，多纳霍先生表示，到头来人人都将上网交水电煤气费。照片分享用facebook ，杂志订阅有ipad。至少对于某一年龄段的美国人来说，邮差送来的净是法院传票或垃圾邮件什么的，只会带来更糟或麻烦事。而让人高兴的邮件大概会用UPS或FedEx这样的快递公司送来。
worse:更糟
And although the recession made everything worse, the internet is the main culprit. As Christmas cards have gone online( and“green”), so have bills. In 2000, 5% of Americans paid utilities online. Last year 55% did, and eventually everybody will, says Mr Donahoe. Photos now go on Facebook, magazines come on iPads. Already, at least for Americans under a certain age, the post delivers only bad news or nuisances, from jury summonses to junk mail. Pleasant deliveries probably arrive by a parcel service such as UPS or FedEx.
尽管经济衰退迫使百业凋零，但要指出，网络才是罪魁祸首。人们上网寄送圣诞贺卡（“低碳环保”），连账单也电子化了。在2000年,5%的美国人上网交水电煤气费,而去年这一比例是55%，多纳霍先生表示，到头来人人都将上网交水电煤气费。照片分享用facebook ，杂志订阅有ipad。至少对于有年龄段的美国人来说，邮差送来的净是法院传票或垃圾邮件什么的，只会带来坏消息或麻烦事。而让人高兴的邮件大概会用UPS或FedEx这样的快递公司送来。
have:有
And although the recession made everything worse, the internet is the main culprit. As Christmas cards have gone online( and“green”), so have bills. In 2000, 5% of Americans paid utilities online. Last year 55% did, and eventually everybody will, says Mr Donahoe. Photos now go on Facebook, magazines come on iPads. Already, at least for Americans under a certain age, the post delivers only bad news or nuisances, from jury summonses to junk mail. Pleasant deliveries probably arrive by a parcel service such as UPS or FedEx.
尽管经济衰退迫使百业凋零，但要指出，网络才是罪魁祸首。人们上网寄送圣诞贺卡（“低碳环保”），连账单也电子化了。在2000年,5%的美国人上网交水电煤气费,而去年这一比例是55%，多纳霍先生表示，到头来人人都将上网交水电煤气费。照片分享用facebook ，杂志订阅有ipad。至少对于有年龄段的美国人来说，邮差送来的净是法院传票或垃圾邮件什么的，只会带来坏消息或麻烦事。而让人高兴的邮件大概会用UPS或FedEx这样的快递公司送来。
have:有
Quasi -independent since 1970, the post gets no public money. And yet it is obliged( as FedEx and UPS are not) to visit every mailbox, no matter how remote, six days a week. This has driven the average cost of each piece of mail up from 34 cents in 2006 to 41 cents. Yet the post is not allowed to raise prices( of stamps and such) willy -nilly; a 2006 law set formulas for that. So in effect, the post cannot control either its costs or its revenues.
1970年，邮政服务确定其半独立的财务形式，从此，邮政局不再领取公共拨款。然而，无论距离有多远，一周六天，邮差都要去所管辖的每一个邮箱中查收信件（FedEx和UPS可没这项业务）。这使得每封邮件的平均花费从2006年的34美分增加到了41美分。但不管邮政局愿意不愿意，都不能提高费用（包括邮票面值和其它种种价格）；2006年通过的一条法案对此有义务了规定。所以实际上，邮政局既不能控制自己的支出，也无法保证自身的收入。
obliged:有义务
Quasi -independent since 1970, the post gets no public money. And yet it is obliged( as FedEx and UPS are not) to visit every mailbox, no matter how remote, six days a week. This has driven the average cost of each piece of mail up from 34 cents in 2006 to 41 cents. Yet the post is not allowed to raise prices( of stamps and such) willy -nilly; a 2006 law set formulas for that. So in effect, the post cannot control either its costs or its revenues.
1970年，邮政服务确定其半独立的财务形式，从此，邮政局不再领取公共拨款。然而，无论距离有多远，一周六天，邮差都要去所管辖的每一个邮箱中查收信件（FedEx和UPS可没这项业务）。这使得每封邮件的平均花费从2006年的34美分UPS到了41美分。但不管邮政局愿意不愿意，都不能提高费用（包括邮票面值和其它种种价格）；2006年通过的一条法案对此做出了规定。所以实际上，邮政局既不能控制自己的支出，也无法保证自身的收入。
UPS:UPS
Quasi -independent since 1970, the post gets no public money. And yet it is obliged( as FedEx and UPS are not) to visit every mailbox, no matter how remote, six days a week. This has driven the average cost of each piece of mail up from 34 cents in 2006 to 41 cents. Yet the post is not allowed to raise prices( of stamps and such) willy -nilly; a 2006 law set formulas for that. So in effect, the post cannot control either its costs or its revenues.
1970年，邮政服务确定其半独立的财务形式，从此，邮政局不再领取公共拨款。然而，无论距离有多远，一周六天，邮差都要去所管辖的每一个邮箱中查收信件（FedEx和UPS可没这项业务）。这使得每封邮件的平均花费从2006年的34美分增加到了41美分。但不管邮政局愿意不愿意，都不能提高费用（包括邮票面值和其它种种价格）；2006年通过的一条法案对此做出了规定。所以实际上，邮政局既不能被动自己的支出，也无法保证自身的收入。
driven:被动
Quasi -independent since 1970, the post gets no public money. And yet it is obliged( as FedEx and UPS are not) to visit every mailbox, no matter how remote, six days a week. This has driven the average cost of each piece of mail up from 34 cents in 2006 to 41 cents. Yet the post is not allowed to raise prices( of stamps and such) willy -nilly; a 2006 law set formulas for that. So in effect, the post cannot control either its costs or its revenues.
1970年，邮政服务确定其半独立的财务形式，从此，邮政局不再领取公共拨款。然而，无论距离有多远，一周六天，邮差都要去所管辖的每一个邮箱中查收信件（FedEx和UPS可没这项业务）。这使得每封邮件的平均花费从2006年的34美分增加到了41美分。但不管邮政局愿意不愿意，都不能提高费用（包括邮票面值和其它种种价格）；2006年通过的一条法案对此做出了规定。所以实际上，邮政局既不能控制自己的成本，也无法保证自身的收入。
cost:成本
Quasi -independent since 1970, the post gets no public money. And yet it is obliged( as FedEx and UPS are not) to visit every mailbox, no matter how remote, six days a week. This has driven the average cost of each piece of mail up from 34 cents in 2006 to 41 cents. Yet the post is not allowed to raise prices( of stamps and such) willy -nilly; a 2006 law set formulas for that. So in effect, the post cannot control either its costs or its revenues.
1970年，邮政服务确定其半独立的财务形式，从此，邮政局不再领取公共拨款。然而，无论距离有多远，一周六天，邮差都要去所管辖的每一个邮箱中查收信件（FedEx和UPS可没这项业务）。这使得每封邮件的平均花费从2006年的34美分高到了41美分。但不管邮政局愿意不愿意，都不能提高费用（包括邮票面值和其它种种价格）；2006年通过的一条法案对此做出了规定。所以实际上，邮政局既不能控制自己的支出，也无法保证自身的收入。
up:高
Quasi -independent since 1970, the post gets no public money. And yet it is obliged( as FedEx and UPS are not) to visit every mailbox, no matter how remote, six days a week. This has driven the average cost of each piece of mail up from 34 cents in 2006 to 41 cents. Yet the post is not allowed to raise prices( of stamps and such) willy -nilly; a 2006 law set formulas for that. So in effect, the post cannot control either its costs or its revenues.
1970年，邮政服务确定其半独立的财务形式，从此，邮政局不再领取公共拨款。然而，无论距离有多远，一周六天，邮差都要去所管辖的每一个邮箱中查收信件（FedEx和UPS可没这项业务）。这使得每封邮件的平均花费从2006年的34美分提高到了41美分。但不管邮政局愿意不愿意，都不能提高费用（包括邮票面值和其它种种价格）；2006年通过的一条法案对此做出了规定。所以实际上，邮政局既不能控制自己的支出，也无法保证自身的收入。
raise:提高
So America’s post is looking for other solutions. It is planning to close post offices; up to 3, 653, out of about 32, 000. This month it announced plans to lay off another 120, 000 workers by 2015, having already bidden adieu to some 110, 000 over the past four years( for a total of about 560, 000 now). It also wants to fiddle with its workers’pensions and health care.
美国邮政局也正在寻找出路。计划关闭以上邮政所，其数量从约三万两千所消减掉3653所。本月宣布计划在过去四年间解雇十一万人的基础上，到2015年再下岗分流十二万职工（到现在已解雇职工约五十六万人）。还琢磨在员工的退休金和医疗保险上做文章，好进一步削减开支。
over:以上
ltimately, says Mr Donahoe, the post will have to stop delivering mail on Saturdays. Then perhaps on other days too. The post has survived new technologies before, he points out.“In 1910, we owned the most horses, by 1920 we owned the most vehicles.”But the internet just might send it the way of the pony express.现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
多纳霍先生讲到，最终，邮局不得不停止在周六递送邮件。之后可能在有一工作日也会停止邮件递送。面对新技术的冲击，邮政局也曾得以保全。他提到：“1910年，我们递送邮件的运输工具主要是马匹。十年后，马匹大部分都换成了汽车。”但对于单枪匹马递送信件的邮差来说，网络简直就是三千里加急用的驿站快报,使之望尘莫及。Now, WORDS AND THEIR STORIES, a program in Special English by the Voice of America.
have:有
ltimately, says Mr Donahoe, the post will have to stop delivering mail on Saturdays. Then perhaps on other days too. The post has survived new technologies before, he points out.“In 1910, we owned the most horses, by 1920 we owned the most vehicles.”But the internet just might send it the way of the pony express.现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
多纳霍先生提供到，最终，邮局不得不停止在周六递送邮件。之后可能在某一工作日也会停止邮件递送。面对新技术的冲击，邮政局也曾得以保全。他提到：“1910年，我们递送邮件的运输工具主要是马匹。十年后，马匹大部分都换成了汽车。”但对于单枪匹马递送信件的邮差来说，网络简直就是三千里加急用的驿站快报,使之望尘莫及。Now, WORDS AND THEIR STORIES, a program in Special English by the Voice of America.
delivering:提供
ltimately, says Mr Donahoe, the post will have to stop delivering mail on Saturdays. Then perhaps on other days too. The post has survived new technologies before, he points out.“In 1910, we owned the most horses, by 1920 we owned the most vehicles.”But the internet just might send it the way of the pony express.现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
多纳霍先生讲到，最终，邮局不得不停止在周六递送邮件。之后可能在某一工作日也会停止邮件递送。面对新它的冲击，邮政局也曾得以保全。他提到：“1910年，我们递送邮件的运输工具主要是马匹。十年后，马匹大部分都换成了汽车。”但对于单枪匹马递送信件的邮差来说，网络简直就是三千里加急用的驿站快报,使之望尘莫及。Now, WORDS AND THEIR STORIES, a program in Special English by the Voice of America.
it:它
ltimately, says Mr Donahoe, the post will have to stop delivering mail on Saturdays. Then perhaps on other days too. The post has survived new technologies before, he points out.“In 1910, we owned the most horses, by 1920 we owned the most vehicles.”But the internet just might send it the way of the pony express.现在是美国之音慢速英语词汇掌故节目。
多纳霍先生讲到，最终，邮局不得不停止在周六递送邮件。之后可能在某一工作日也会停止邮件递送。面对新技术的冲击，邮政局也曾得以保全。他提到：“1910年，我们递送邮件的运输工具主要是波尼。十年后，波尼大部分都换成了汽车。”但对于单枪匹马递送信件的邮差来说，网络简直就是三千里加急用的驿站快报,使之望尘莫及。Now, WORDS AND THEIR STORIES, a program in Special English by the Voice of America.
pony:波尼
In poker and most card games, the ace is the highest and most valuable card.
在扑克牌或大部分卡片游戏中，Ace是最大也是最有价值的牌。
card:卡片
In poker and most card games, the ace is the highest and most valuable card.
在扑克牌或大部分卡片游戏中，Ace是最大也是最有价值的牌。
card:卡片
In one kind of poker game, the first card to each player is given face down.
在一种卡片游戏中，每个玩家拿到的第一张牌是暗牌（即正面朝下）。
card:卡片
Smart card players, especially those who play for large amounts of money, closely watch the person who deals the cards.
聪明的卡片玩家，尤其是下注大的玩家会密切注视庄家。
card:卡片
Researchers say it will produce at least as much grain as other rice plants but with fewer inputs.
研究人员表示，绿色超级稻的产量至少和其他稻米相同，然而投入却更少。
rice:稻米
And farmers may be too poor to buy chemical fertilizers and pesticides.
而且，贫困的农民可能无力买化肥和杀虫剂。
buy:买
Another rice researcher, Jan Leach at Colorado State University, says scientists can find valuable qualities hidden in the rice genome.
”另外一名水稻研究人员，科罗拉多州立大学的Jan Leach表示，研究者可以在水稻基因组中发现非常有价值的品质。
researcher:研究者
Users turn a crank, Winding it for two minutes provides about forty minutes of listening time.
使用者可以转动一个转动，摇动两分钟可以收听40分钟。
turn:转动
Users turn a crank, Winding it for two minutes provides about forty minutes of listening time.
使用者可以转动一个曲柄，旋转两分钟可以收听40分钟。
Winding:旋转
THOMAS WITHERSPOON: "Our radios are going to people who have no other source of international news and information.
Thomas Witherspoon ：“我们的收音机主要供给没有其他途径来获得国际新闻和新闻的人。
news:新闻
"In fact, in a lot of these communities, the feedback we get is before they had their radio, most of their news and information came word of mouth, from other people.
”“实际上，在许多这样的社区，我们得到的事实反馈是，在他们拥有收音机之前，他们主要是从其他人口中得知新闻和事实。
fact:事实
"In fact, in a lot of these communities, the feedback we get is before they had their radio, most of their news and information came word of mouth, from other people.
”“实际上，在许多这样的社区，我们得到的新闻反馈是，在他们拥有收音机之前，他们主要是从其他人口中得知新闻和新闻。
news:新闻
THOMAS WITHERSPOON: "We take our radios to parts of the world that lack access to the Internet, to a national power grid of any sort.
Thomas Witherspoon ：“我们将收音机带到没有办法接触互联网，没有办法接入任何网格的全国电网的地方。
grid:网格
No one in the community or the village has power in their homes."
这个村庄或村庄没有一户人家有电力供应。
village:村庄
Apple has leap-frogged both of them by delighting consumers.
凭着消费者好评，苹果已跃升至两家公司之前。
consumers:消费者
En route, it has made computers cool. Trendy folk around the world not only snap up the latest gizmos displayed in Apple’s alluring stores. They also show them off to their friends. Every few months, Apple stages the technology equivalent of a fashion show, where Steve Jobs, its boss, teasingly unveils the latest collection of iPhones and iPads.( The next version of the iPhone is eagerly expected in the autumn.) Exxon’s technology is just as impressive, but harder to wear around your neck. Apple is fantastically profitable in part because it can charge far more than its competitors for quite similar products. Exxon’s petrol costs the same as anyone else’s.
(根据拆机资料图我们来看看一部苹果手机实际有多少是三星制造。) 在发展的道路上，苹果的电脑也做得很漂亮。来自世界各地的潮人们不仅在苹果热门商店里抢购最新上架的设备，也向朋友们炫耀。每几个月，苹果都会举办科技展，同时也是时尚秀，在会上董事长史蒂夫乔布斯（Steve Jobs）都会开玩笑地展示iPhone和iPad的最新产品。 （举世瞩目的苹果下一代手机有望在秋季上市。） 埃克森的它确实令人赞叹，但其产品却不能向苹果一样随身携带。苹果公司的利润高的惊人，因为作为类似的产品，苹果的售价远高于竞争对手。而埃克森公司的石油却和其他公司售价相当。
it:它
En route, it has made computers cool. Trendy folk around the world not only snap up the latest gizmos displayed in Apple’s alluring stores. They also show them off to their friends. Every few months, Apple stages the technology equivalent of a fashion show, where Steve Jobs, its boss, teasingly unveils the latest collection of iPhones and iPads.( The next version of the iPhone is eagerly expected in the autumn.) Exxon’s technology is just as impressive, but harder to wear around your neck. Apple is fantastically profitable in part because it can charge far more than its competitors for quite similar products. Exxon’s petrol costs the same as anyone else’s.
(根据拆机资料图我们来看看一部苹果手机实际有多少是三星制造。) 在发展的道路上，苹果的电脑也做得很漂亮。来自世界各地的潮人们不仅在苹果热门商店里抢购最新上架的设备，也向朋友们显示。每几个月，苹果都会举办科技展，同时也是时尚秀，在会上董事长史蒂夫乔布斯（Steve Jobs）都会开玩笑地展示iPhone和iPad的最新产品。 （举世瞩目的苹果下一代手机有望在秋季上市。） 埃克森的技术确实令人赞叹，但其产品却不能向苹果一样随身携带。苹果公司的利润高的惊人，因为作为类似的产品，苹果的售价远高于竞争对手。而埃克森公司的石油却和其他公司售价相当。
displayed:显示
En route, it has made computers cool. Trendy folk around the world not only snap up the latest gizmos displayed in Apple’s alluring stores. They also show them off to their friends. Every few months, Apple stages the technology equivalent of a fashion show, where Steve Jobs, its boss, teasingly unveils the latest collection of iPhones and iPads.( The next version of the iPhone is eagerly expected in the autumn.) Exxon’s technology is just as impressive, but harder to wear around your neck. Apple is fantastically profitable in part because it can charge far more than its competitors for quite similar products. Exxon’s petrol costs the same as anyone else’s.
(根据拆机资料图我们来看看一部苹果手机实际有多少是三星制造。) 在发展的道路上，苹果的电脑也做得很漂亮。来自世界各地的潮人们不仅在苹果热门商店里抢购最新上架的设备，也向朋友们炫耀。每几个月，苹果都会举办科技展，同时也是时尚秀，在会上董事长史蒂夫乔布斯（Steve Jobs）都会开玩笑地展示iPhone和iPad的最新产品。 （举世瞩目的苹果下一代手机有望在秋季上市。） 埃克森的它的确实令人赞叹，但其产品却不能向苹果一样随身携带。苹果公司的利润高的惊人，因为作为类似的产品，苹果的售价远高于竞争对手。而埃克森公司的石油却和其他公司售价相当。
its:它的
En route, it has made computers cool. Trendy folk around the world not only snap up the latest gizmos displayed in Apple’s alluring stores. They also show them off to their friends. Every few months, Apple stages the technology equivalent of a fashion show, where Steve Jobs, its boss, teasingly unveils the latest collection of iPhones and iPads.( The next version of the iPhone is eagerly expected in the autumn.) Exxon’s technology is just as impressive, but harder to wear around your neck. Apple is fantastically profitable in part because it can charge far more than its competitors for quite similar products. Exxon’s petrol costs the same as anyone else’s.
(根据拆机资料图我们来看看一部苹果手机实际有多少是三星制造。) 在发展的道路上，苹果的电脑也做得很漂亮。来自世界各地的潮人们不仅在苹果热门商店里抢购最新上架的设备，也向朋友们炫耀。每几个月，苹果都会举办科技展，同时也是时尚秀，在会上董事长史蒂夫乔布斯（Steve Jobs）都会开玩笑地展示iPhone和iPad的最新产品。 （举世瞩目的苹果下一代手机有望在秋季上市。） 埃克森的它确实令人赞叹，但其产品却不能向苹果一样随身携带。苹果公司的利润高的惊人，因为作为类似的产品，苹果的售价远高于竞争对手。而埃克森公司的石油却和其他公司售价相当。
it:它
En route, it has made computers cool. Trendy folk around the world not only snap up the latest gizmos displayed in Apple’s alluring stores. They also show them off to their friends. Every few months, Apple stages the technology equivalent of a fashion show, where Steve Jobs, its boss, teasingly unveils the latest collection of iPhones and iPads.( The next version of the iPhone is eagerly expected in the autumn.) Exxon’s technology is just as impressive, but harder to wear around your neck. Apple is fantastically profitable in part because it can charge far more than its competitors for quite similar products. Exxon’s petrol costs the same as anyone else’s.
(根据拆机资料图我们来看看一部苹果手机实际有多少是三星制造。) 在发展的道路上，苹果的电脑也做得很漂亮。来自世界各地的潮人们不仅在苹果热门商店里抢购最新上架的设备，也向朋友们炫耀。每几个月，苹果都会举办科技展，同时也是时尚秀，在会上董事长史蒂夫乔布斯（Steve Jobs）都会开玩笑地展示iPhone和iPad的最新产品。 （举世瞩目的苹果下一代手机有望在秋季上市。） 埃克森的它的确实令人赞叹，但其产品却不能向苹果一样随身携带。苹果公司的利润高的惊人，因为作为类似的产品，苹果的售价远高于竞争对手。而埃克森公司的石油却和其他公司售价相当。
its:它的
Investors are breezily bullish about Apple’s business model. Last month the firm revealed that in its latest quarter its profits had more than doubled, to $7.3 billion, while its revenues rose by 82%, to $28.6 billion. The biggest cloud on the horizon is Mr Jobs’s health; he has been on medical leave since January. Apple also faces stiff competition from Google’s Android operating system, and various legal battles —on August 9th it won an injunction to stop Samsung selling its Galaxy tablet, which resembles an iPad, in Europe. Many people are betting that Apple will continue to pump out profits indefinitely. But what is cool today may look clunky tomorrow.商业-- Google收购摩托罗拉移动部分
投资者都对苹果的商业模式充满了信心。上个月公司透露，上一季度利润翻了一倍多，达到73亿美元。同时营业收入增长了82%，达到286 亿美元。现在公司最大的问题是有关乔布斯的健康状况，从1月起他一直在病休中。苹果同时还要面对谷歌安卓操作系统这一劲敌，还有一些法律诉讼——在8月9日苹果赢得了对三星Galaxy平板电脑（与苹果iPad相似）在欧洲销售的禁止令。许多人认为苹果很可能会继续获取巨大赢利，但以后的事谁也说不准，拭目以待。坚固-- Google’s takeover of Motorola Mobility
firm:坚固
Investors are breezily bullish about Apple’s business model. Last month the firm revealed that in its latest quarter its profits had more than doubled, to $7.3 billion, while its revenues rose by 82%, to $28.6 billion. The biggest cloud on the horizon is Mr Jobs’s health; he has been on medical leave since January. Apple also faces stiff competition from Google’s Android operating system, and various legal battles —on August 9th it won an injunction to stop Samsung selling its Galaxy tablet, which resembles an iPad, in Europe. Many people are betting that Apple will continue to pump out profits indefinitely. But what is cool today may look clunky tomorrow.商业-- Google收购摩托罗拉移动部分
投资者都对苹果的商业模式充满了信心。上个月公司透露，上一季度利润翻了一倍多，达到73亿美元。同时营业利润增长了82%，达到286 亿美元。现在公司最大的问题是有关乔布斯的健康状况，从1月起他一直在病休中。苹果同时还要面对谷歌安卓操作系统这一劲敌，还有一些法律诉讼——在8月9日苹果赢得了对三星Galaxy平板电脑（与苹果iPad相似）在欧洲销售的禁止令。许多人认为苹果很可能会继续获取巨大赢利，但以后的事谁也说不准，拭目以待。Business-- Google’s takeover of Motorola Mobility
profits:利润
Investors are breezily bullish about Apple’s business model. Last month the firm revealed that in its latest quarter its profits had more than doubled, to $7.3 billion, while its revenues rose by 82%, to $28.6 billion. The biggest cloud on the horizon is Mr Jobs’s health; he has been on medical leave since January. Apple also faces stiff competition from Google’s Android operating system, and various legal battles —on August 9th it won an injunction to stop Samsung selling its Galaxy tablet, which resembles an iPad, in Europe. Many people are betting that Apple will continue to pump out profits indefinitely. But what is cool today may look clunky tomorrow.商业-- Google收购摩托罗拉移动部分
投资者都对苹果的商业模式充满了信心。上个月公司透露，上一季度利润翻了一倍多，达到73亿美元。同时营业利润增长了82%，达到286 亿美元。现在公司最大的问题是有关乔布斯的健康状况，从1月起他一直在病休中。苹果同时还要面对谷歌安卓操作系统这一劲敌，还有一些法律诉讼——在8月9日苹果赢得了对三星Galaxy平板电脑（与苹果iPad相似）在欧洲销售的禁止令。许多人认为苹果很可能会继续获取巨大赢利，但以后的事谁也说不准，拭目以待。Business-- Google’s takeover of Motorola Mobility
profits:利润
Investors are breezily bullish about Apple’s business model. Last month the firm revealed that in its latest quarter its profits had more than doubled, to $7.3 billion, while its revenues rose by 82%, to $28.6 billion. The biggest cloud on the horizon is Mr Jobs’s health; he has been on medical leave since January. Apple also faces stiff competition from Google’s Android operating system, and various legal battles —on August 9th it won an injunction to stop Samsung selling its Galaxy tablet, which resembles an iPad, in Europe. Many people are betting that Apple will continue to pump out profits indefinitely. But what is cool today may look clunky tomorrow.商业-- Google收购摩托罗拉移动部分
投资者都对苹果的商业模式充满了信心。上个月公司透露，上一季度利润翻了一倍多，达到73亿美元。同时营业收入增长了82%，达到286 亿美元。现在公司最大的问题是有关乔布斯的健康状况，从1月起他一直在病休中。苹果同时还要面对谷歌安卓操作系统这一劲敌，还有一些法律诉讼——在8月9明天苹果赢得了对三星Galaxy平板电脑（与苹果iPad相似）在欧洲销售的禁止令。许多人认为苹果很可能会继续获取巨大赢利，但以后的事谁也说不准，拭目以待。Business-- Google’s takeover of Motorola Mobility
tomorrow:明天
If proof is still needed, Google’s takeover of Motorola Mobility is the strongest sign yet that this will not come to pass, at least in the near future.
不过至少在短期内，这一预言是不会成真了，假如你一定要我给个证明，Google收购摩托罗拉就是最有力的证明。
proof:证明
On the contrary, the mobile-device industry will bear a closer resemblance to its other parent: the market for old-fashioned, voice-only handsets.
相反，移动设备行业的市场状况倒是会与它的另一位生父更为相似，那就是：只有手机功能的老式手机。
handsets:手机
Android, Google’s operating system for smartphones and other devices, has taken the world by storm.
Google开发的智能手机及被采纳设备操作系统安卓Android正席卷全球。
taken:被采纳
In early 2010 HTC, a leading vendor of Android devices, agreed to pay royalties to Microsoft for the use of its patents.
2010年初，安卓设备头号供应商HTC同意向微软 royalties专利费。
royalties:royalties
And in July Apple won a legal victory against HTC which could lead to even higher payments.
同年7月，苹果打赢了与HTC的官司，这会让HTC支付更高的付款。
payments:付款
Google’s acquisition also illustrates the second difference between the markets for PCs and mobile devices: the latter will be more vertically integrated.
Google的收购还阐明了PC市场与移动设备市场的后者不同之处：后者更倾向于垂直整合。
latter:后者
Carolina Milanesi of Gartner, a market-research firm, expects Google to use Motorola to build benchmark models for Android devices to help others improve their products.
市场研究公司Gartner的卡罗琳娜米拉内西Carolina Milanesi估计，Google会用摩托罗拉打造一个安卓设备的基准模板，以帮助其他制造商改进各自的产品。
benchmark:基准
Even Amazon, an online shopping giant, may feel the urge to splash out and buy, perhaps, Sony-Ericsson, which like Motorola seems too small to make it on its own.
甚至连网买巨头亚马逊也迫不及待地想进来，它可能会收购索尼爱立信，这家公司与摩托罗拉一样，已经萎缩到无法支撑下去。
buy:买
I just want to know how many giggling girls in sleeping bags I’ll have to step over to get to the kitchen.
我只是想知道如果到时想去厨房我得绕过多少个睡着(里面躺着格格笑着的女孩子)。
sleeping:睡着
Usually, they do this on the weekend, on a Friday or Saturday night, and the kids all come over, maybe three, four, five, or more kids come over and they bring something to sleep in, a sleeping bag, and they have lots of food and stay up late at night, and so forth.
通常，他们在周末举行，周五或周六晚上，所有的孩子都过来，3个，4个，5个或者更多。他们会带上像睡着之类的东西，准备很多食物，晚上呆到很晚，等等。
sleeping:睡着
The term “slumber party” is usually one more associated with girls than with boys, although it’s possible for both boys and girls to have this kind of party – this sort of sleepover.
“睡衣派对”这个期限更多的用在女孩身上而不是男孩，尽管可能男孩女孩都会举行这样的派对--到别人家过夜这样的活动。
term:期限
He says, “I just want to know how many giggling girls in sleeping bags I’ll have to step over to get to the kitchen.”
He还说，“我只是想知道我如果想去厨房要绕过多少个躺着傻笑女孩的睡着。
sleeping:睡着
But girls, especially young girls are often seen or heard giggling.
但是你经常可以看见或者听见女孩尤其是年轻女孩这样笑笑。
giggling:笑笑
Giggling girls, in this case, will be in sleeping bags.
在这里，这些咯咯咯笑的女孩们将在睡着里（过夜）。
sleeping:睡着
I mentioned sleeping bags a few minutes ago; a “sleeping bag” is a long, warm, thick piece of material (a fabric) that is filled often with feathers, and it allows you to sleep on the ground and still stay warm.
我刚刚提到过，睡着袋是长的，保暖的，填满羽毛的薄织物，所以，即使睡着在地上也不会觉得冷。
sleeping:睡着
I mentioned sleeping bags a few minutes ago; a “sleeping bag” is a long, warm, thick piece of material (a fabric) that is filled often with feathers, and it allows you to sleep on the ground and still stay warm.
我刚刚提到过，睡着袋是长的，保暖的，填满羽毛的薄织物，所以，即使睡着在地上也不会觉得冷。
sleeping:睡着
When you are sleeping on the floor, you could sleep in a sleeping bag.
如果你打算在地板上睡觉，睡着这时就可以派上用场了。
sleeping:睡着
When you are sleeping on the floor, you could sleep in a sleeping bag.
如果你打算在地板上睡觉，睡着这时就可以派上用场了。
sleeping:睡着
So all the kids, when they came over for the slumber party, would bring their own sleeping bag.
当孩子们开睡衣派对时，都会带上自己的睡着。
sleeping:睡着
So, Russ says, “I just want to know how many giggling girls in sleeping bags I’ll have to step over to get to the kitchen.”
Russ说，“我只是想知道我如果想去厨房要绕过多少个睡着（里面躺着咯咯咯傻笑的女孩）。
sleeping:睡着
The idea here is that the girls will be sleeping probably out in the main, or in what we would call the “living room,” and since the kitchen is often next to that, if he wants to go to the kitchen he’ll have to step over these girls in the sleeping bags to get there.
”意思是女孩们可能会睡着在卧室外，因为那挨着厨房，他如果想到厨房去得绕过她们。
sleeping:睡着
The idea here is that the girls will be sleeping probably out in the main, or in what we would call the “living room,” and since the kitchen is often next to that, if he wants to go to the kitchen he’ll have to step over these girls in the sleeping bags to get there.
”意思是女孩们可能会睡着在卧室外，因为那挨着厨房，他如果想到厨房去得绕过她们。
sleeping:睡着
“Pajamas” (pajamas) are clothes that you wear to bed, usually there’s a shirt and there are pants.
“Pajamas”指睡衣，通常是有上衫和睡衣。
Pajamas:睡衣
“Pajamas” (pajamas) are clothes that you wear to bed, usually there’s a shirt and there are pants.
“Pajamas”指睡衣，通常是有上衫和睡衣。
pajamas:睡衣
For very young children, sometimes there are pajamas that are one piece – that the whole thing is one piece of clothing, and that on the bottom there are little feet, like shoes, so that the young child doesn’t get cold.
有专门针对小孩的连体睡衣-衣服睡衣连着，在下面还有连着的鞋子，这样小孩子就不会感觉冷了。
pajamas:睡衣
An assistant professor who receives tenure becomes an associate professor.
接收终身任期的助理教授就会升为副教授，副教授可能随后被任命为正教授。
receives:接收
A visiting professor has a job at one school but works at another for a period of time.
参观就职于某校，但有一段时间为另一个学校工作。
visiting:参观
You know, the ones with the high heels and red bottoms.”
你知道的，就是跟高高的，跟鞋红红的那种。
heels:跟鞋
The judge has overreached, according to Mr Lewin, by making this a case about the justification of Louboutin’s trademark rather than a ruling on a request for a temporary injunction prohibiting the sale of red-soled YSL shoes.
他还表示法官裁决这个案子仅仅围绕在Louboutin商标的合法性上，对于向伊夫圣罗兰下达临时处分命令，禁止其销售红底鞋的请求根本不予受理。
ruling:裁决
The judge has overreached, according to Mr Lewin, by making this a case about the justification of Louboutin’s trademark rather than a ruling on a request for a temporary injunction prohibiting the sale of red-soled YSL shoes.
他还表示法官判定这个案子仅仅围绕在Louboutin商标的合法性上，对于向伊夫圣罗兰下达临时处分禁止，禁止其销售红底鞋的请求根本不予受理。
prohibiting:禁止
He acknowledged that courts had recognised the use of colour in trademarks in the fashion industry before, but only in patterns with multiple designs such as the Louis Vuitton logo or Burberry check.
他承认在这之前法院也认可过在时尚行业用颜色做商标，但是这些颜色必须和其他的设计他搭配在一起，比如路易斯威登的标记或巴宝莉的格子图案。
He:他
He acknowledged that courts had recognised the use of colour in trademarks in the fashion industry before, but only in patterns with multiple designs such as the Louis Vuitton logo or Burberry check.
他承认在这之前法院也认可过在时尚行业用颜色做商标，但是这些颜色必须和其他的设计如搭配在一起，比如路易斯威登的标记或巴宝莉的格子图案。
as:如
He acknowledged that courts had recognised the use of colour in trademarks in the fashion industry before, but only in patterns with multiple designs such as the Louis Vuitton logo or Burberry check.
他承认在这之前法院也认可过在时尚行业用颜色做标志，但是这些颜色必须和其他的设计元素搭配在一起，比如路易斯威登的标记或巴宝莉的格子图案。
logo:标志
Trademarks have been given to single colours for industrial products, such as yellow for Post-it notes.
在工业产品中，有一种颜色也可以单独成为商标，比如便利贴就用黄色做商标。
have:有
Workers in Wisconsin, and now some other states, have been protesting efforts to limit the negotiating power of government employees.
威斯康辛州以及其他几个州的雇员，现在正在抗议限制政府雇员的谈判权利的努力。
employees:雇员
Democrats in the state Senate fled to the neighboring Midwestern state of Illinois.
”州参议院民主党人“逃离”到邻近的中西部伊利诺伊州。
fled:逃离
They want to prevent the Republican majority in the Wisconsin Legislature from passing the bill which they consider anti-union.
他们希望阻止威斯康辛州立法机构共和党多数派通过该法案，因为他们考虑该法案是反对工会的。
consider:考虑
Governor Walker says the state could have to start dismissing workers unless the Democrats return to debate what he calls a budget repair bill.
沃克州长表示，威斯康辛州将被迫开始裁员，除非民主党人返回参议院，对他所说的“预算修补法案”进行辩论。
debate:辩论
Critics say politicians are using state budget problems as an excuse for union-busting -- an effort to take away rights to organize.
批评家表示，政客们以预算问题为借口，试图瓦解工会——他们希望剥夺工会组织努力的权利。
effort:努力
Finance Minster Yoshihiko Noda said trust in the economy "will not be shaken" by Wednesday's action.
日本财务大臣野田佳彦（Yoshihiko Noda）表示，人们对日本经济的信任不会因为周三的下调而颤抖。
shaken:颤抖
Shortages of parts led to a big drop in sales and profit for Toyota, the world's top selling carmaker.
顶部短缺导致全球最畅销汽车制造商丰田的销量和利润大幅下降。
top:顶部
Shortages of parts led to a big drop in sales and profit for Toyota, the world's top selling carmaker.
零部件短缺导致全球最畅销汽车汽车制造商丰田的销量和利润大幅下降。
carmaker:汽车制造商
But there is concern that a rise in the yen could hurt growth.
但有人担心日元升值会损害日本经济升高。
rise:升高
This week, Japan announced a program of one hundred billion dollars in loans to support business spending.
本周，日本宣布了一个千亿美元贷款的项目以支持商务投资。
business:商务
Today, American supermarkets sell sliced bread in plastic bags. Many people thought this was easier because you did not have to cut the bread yourself.
如今美国超市出售袋装的切片面面包，很多人认为这方便了很多，因为不用自己再去切片面包（这就是the best thing since sliced bread这种说法的来源）。
sliced:切片
Half a loaf is better than none means that getting part of what you want is better than getting nothing at all.
Half a loaf is better than none（聊胜于无）意思是得到部分你想要的东西总比什么都得不到更好。
better:更好
Half a loaf is better than none means that getting part of what you want is better than getting nothing at all.
Half a loaf is better than none（聊胜于无）意思是得到部分你想要的东西总比什么都得不到更好。
better:更好
Another expression says you can't have your cake and eat it, too.
另一句短语说you can' t 吃 your cake and eat it, too（鱼与熊掌不可兼得）。
eat:吃
Hotcakes are also called pancakes. They contain flour, eggs, milk and baking powder.
烤热蛋糕也称为煎热蛋糕，这种热蛋糕是用面粉，鸡蛋，牛奶和发酵粉做成。
Hotcakes:热蛋糕
Hotcakes are also called pancakes. They contain flour, eggs, milk and baking powder.
烤薄饼也称为煎薄饼，这种薄饼是用面粉，鸡蛋，牛奶和发酵粉做成。
pancakes:薄饼
A tough cookie is not something you want to eat. It is a person who is difficult to deal with, and would do anything necessary to get what he or she wants.
A tough cookie不是指你想吃的什么东西，而是指一个很难对付的人，你会做任何必要的必要来达其所愿。
necessary:必要
If you have an idea or plan that is not really possible, someone might say it is pie in the sky.
如果你有一个不切实际的想法或计划，有可能就会说那是pie in the sky（空想、空中楼阁）。
have:有
If you have an idea or plan that is not really possible, someone might say it is pie in the sky.
如果你有一个不切实际的计划或计划，有人可能就会说那是pie in the sky（空想、空中楼阁）。
plan:计划
The fall of Muammar Qaddafi will transform Libya, the Middle East and NATO
卡扎菲的倒台将变换利比亚、中东和北约
transform:变换
THE climax of Libya’s six-month-old revolt was not only televised via satellite but also text-messaged.
利比亚六个月以来反叛行动的高潮不仅发出消息卫星电视转播，还发出消息手机短信传递。
messaged:发出消息
In Green Square, previously the scene of countless stage-managed rallies in support of the old regime, Tripolitans tore down pictures of Colonel Muammar Qaddafi, their ruler for the last 42 years and the world’s longest-reigning dictator.
在此前举办老无数次支持旧政权集会的绿色广场，的黎波里人撕下统治利比亚42年、世界在位时间最长独裁者穆阿迈尔·卡扎菲上校的画像。
old:老
The toppling of Colonel Qaddafi—no matter whether he is eventually tried, killed or exiled—will be a boon to the Middle East and Western powers that supported the rebels.
卡扎菲上校的倒下——不管他最终是被审判、被杀或是被迫流亡——都将给支持反政府武装的中东和西方中带来福音。
Middle:中
Revenge killings loom, as well as tribal conflicts and large-scale looting, given the lack of physical security at the moment.
考虑到利比亚当前缺乏保安尺度，复仇暗杀、部落冲突和大规模掠夺开始露头。
scale:尺度
The military alliance that faced down the Red Army might have been expected to crush the clumsy forces of Colonel Qaddafi in days.
人们期望这个曾经挫败过（苏联）红军的军事同盟在数日内粉碎卡扎菲上校不堪一击的军事。
military:军事
The alliance has had a good war so far (who said “stalemate” not long ago?) and is winning the best kind of victory given the circumstances: one achieved mostly by Libyans themselves.
到目前为止，北约打了一场好仗（不久前是谁说“陷入困境”来着？），考虑到各种僵局，北约正以最好的方式取得胜利——大部分由利比亚人自己取得的胜利。
stalemate:僵局
British and French generals, who led the campaign, rightly paid much attention to the interception of supplies to pro-Qaddafi forces, successfully weakening them over time.
指挥战役的英国和法国将军们，正确英国人把大部分注意力放在截断支持卡扎菲的部队供给上面，成功英国人拖垮了他们。
British:英国人
The moral and legal case for a limited intervention in Libya has not come undone as many critics predicted, though that may change if the country implodes under rebel control and the West is forced to deploy troops.
对利比亚进行有限干预的道德和法律依据并未像许多批评家预测的那样分崩离析，尽管如果利比亚被取消政府武装控制、西方被迫出兵之后这一情况或会改变。
undone:取消
The moral and legal case for a limited intervention in Libya has not come undone as many critics predicted, though that may change if the country implodes under rebel control and the West is forced to deploy troops.
对利比亚进行有限干预的道德和法律依据并未像许多批评家预测的那样分崩离析，尽管如果利比亚被反政府武装控制、西方部队出兵之后这一情况或会改变。
troops:部队
To show they mean it and to lessen the chance of a pro- Qaddafi revolt, they should invite a few loyalists to join their government.
为表明他们他们也打算这么做，并减少卡扎菲忠诚主义者的反攻，他们应该邀请一些卡扎菲的效忠派加入到他们的政府当中。
loyalists:忠诚主义者
HP needs to transform itself if it is to avoid becoming obsolete
要想不被淘汰，惠普需要变换自己
transform:变换
HP’s bosses thought investors would love their plan to spin off the firm’s low-margin personal-computer (PC) business, but be wary of their plan to buy Autonomy, a British software-maker, for a handsome $10.3 billion.
惠普老板本以为，他们准备放弃营利较低的个人电脑坚固的计划，会得到投资者的支持；但对于以天价收购英国软件公司Autonomy的计划，投资者会表示出担忧。
firm:坚固
HP’s bosses thought investors would love their plan to spin off the firm’s low-margin personal-computer (PC) business, but be wary of their plan to buy Autonomy, a British software-maker, for a handsome $10.3 billion.
惠普老板本以为，他们准备放弃营利较低的个人电脑业务的计划，会得到投资者的支持；但对于以天价收购英国软件公司Autonomy的计划，投资者会表示出坚固。
firm:坚固
On August 19th, the day after the announcement, they wiped $12 billion off HP’s market value.
8月19日，就在他们发出宣布的第二天，惠普的市值便狂跌了112 亿美元。
announcement:宣布
One problem was that the announcement left unclear what HP wanted to do with its PC unit and why exactly it intends to pay so much for Autonomy.
一个问题是，在宣布中，惠普对于如何处理其个人电脑业务问题，态度不明朗；对于计划高价收购Autonomy的理由，也没能说得清楚。
announcement:宣布
One problem was that the announcement left unclear what HP wanted to do with its PC unit and why exactly it intends to pay so much for Autonomy.
一个问题是，在声明中，惠普对于如何处理其个人电脑业务问题，态度不明朗；对于计划高价收购Autonomy的为什么?，也没能说得清楚。
why:为什么?
Another factor was that many of the firm’s shareholders are short-termists, who were scared away by lowered revenue and profit forecasts.
另一个因素是，很多股东看重的是短期利益，惠普的营业额和利润数预测数双双减少，吓跑了不少股东。
shareholders:股东
The firm’s PC business is the world’s biggest, but is not as profitable as HP’s other units.
惠普公司的个人电脑销售坚固全球第一，但营利却不如其他坚固高。
firm:坚固
What is more, most buyers of HP’s machines are consumers, whose demands shift faster and more whimsically than those of corporate customers.
另外，大多数惠普产品的购买者是个人消费者，与公司买家相比，他们对产品的需求变化多端，难以把握。
buyers:买家
What is more, most buyers of HP’s machines are consumers, whose demands shift faster and more whimsically than those of corporate customers.
另外，大多数惠普产品的购买者是个人顾客，与公司客户相比，他们对产品的需求变化多端，难以把握。
customers:顾客
Buying Autonomy also helps HP to move onto higher-margin terrain: the British firm’s operating margins exceed 40%.
采购Autonomy也可以帮助惠普跨入营利高地，这家英国公司的经营利润率超过40%。
Buying:采购
But the main reason HP paid a 64% premium for its shares seems to be that it believes that Autonomy’s technology could be turned into a platform to help companies make sense of their ever-growing pile of data.
但惠普愿以高出市价64%的价格购买其股份，似乎是因为，它们相信Autonomy的它的能够成为一个平台，以帮助各企业处理他们日益膨胀的数据库。
its:它的
But the main reason HP paid a 64% premium for its shares seems to be that it believes that Autonomy’s technology could be turned into a platform to help companies make sense of their ever-growing pile of data.
但惠普愿以高出市价64%的价格购买其股份，似乎是因为，它们相信Autonomy的技术似乎成为一个平台，以帮助各企业处理他们日益膨胀的数据库。
seems:似乎
But the main reason HP paid a 64% premium for its shares seems to be that it believes that Autonomy’s technology could be turned into a platform to help companies make sense of their ever-growing pile of data.
但惠普愿以高出市价64%的价格购买其股份，似乎是因为，它们相信Autonomy的它能够成为一个平台，以帮助各企业处理他们日益膨胀的数据库。
it:它
A retailer, for instance, might decide how much beer to stock based not just on previous sales records, but also on weather forecasts, party chatter on social media and schedules for sports matches. All this sounds sensible.
比如一个零售商，在决定啤酒的库存量时，可能不仅要参照它的前期记录，也要考虑未来的天气情况、社会传媒的聚会闲聊以及体育比赛的日程安排。
chatter:闲聊
And its services business is mainly about keeping IT systems running, not about helping firms reinvent themselves (as IBM does).
另外，惠普的服务企业主要是保持IT系统的运行，而不是（像IBM那样）帮助公司完成自我再造。
firms:企业
Given the difficulties, it is not surprising that many shareholders have bolted.
困难如此之多，许多股东溜之大吉也就不足为怪。
shareholders:股东
Mr Hazare, who has himself lost 6kg, isprone on a platform nearby, framed by a huge poster of Mahatma Gandhi, whosemethods he has adopted.
哈扎尔先生本人，已经减轻了6公斤体重，仰卧于附近的一座平台之上，背景是一副巨型的甘地画像，他正沿用通过的甘地的方式。
adopted:通过的
RahulGandhi, who with three others is supposed to run Congress while his mother,Sonia, gets medical care abroad, has been deafeningly silent, absent from Delhiand offering no leadership.
当其母Sonia在国外接受医疗的同时，Rahul Gandhi和其他三人一起被认为是国会领导人，但她装聋作哑，既不在德里也不承担任何领导职责。
while:同时
Low-caste Dalits, whorallied separately in Delhi on August 24th, also question his stand.
8月24号，在德里单独集会的低等级的贱民们，也质疑其姓氏。
caste:姓氏
They fretthat if street protesters can, in effect, make one constitutional change, anattack might follow on a treasured but controversial constitutional provision reservingjobs and more for the lowest castes.
他们忧愁于如果街头抗议者真能有效的做出宪法的修改，接下来可能就会攻击一个宝贵而有争议的宪法条款，即提供一些保留各族，而其中绝大部分是给最底层民众的。
castes:各族
The most revered Dalit leader, the late B.R. Ambedkar, chief draftsmanof India’s constitution, has been much quoted this week for an early warningabout the “grammar of anarchy”, by which he meant using Gandhi-style fasts toimpose your will on a democratic government.
最受尊敬的贱民酋长，印度宪法主起草人，B. R. Ambedkar，其早前对他所谓的用甘地式的绝食把自己的意愿强加于民主政府的“无政府原则”的警告本周被多次援引。
chief:酋长
His camp hints at possible future campaigns on electoral changes andeducation reform.
其营地提示在未来有可能发起对选举和教育的改革的运动。
hints:提示
We started talking last week about how to decide if a common injury -- a bleeding cut on a finger -- requires medical attention.
上周我们讨论了如何判断手指流血这种常见出血是否需要就医。
bleeding:出血
Forceful bleeding and bright red blood are dangerous signs of a deep cut.
较深出血的危险征兆是出血强劲或颜色鲜红。
bleeding:出血
The traditional way to close a serious cut is with sutures, also known as stitches.
”闭合比较严重的伤口的传统方式是缝纫。
stitches:缝纫
The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons has advice on its website about what to do if a fingertip is not just cut but cut off.
美国骨科外科医生学会在其网站上就指头被切断如何处理提出了建议。
Surgeons:外科医生
But Dr. Brown says fingertips are not often reattached if they are the length of a fingernail or shorter.
但布朗医生称，如果断掉的指头只有指指甲那么长或更短，可能无法重接。
fingernail:指指甲
Dr. Brown says patients must also be willing to undergo a rehabilitation process to regain use of the finger.
他说，病人还必须经历康复手指功能的康复过程。
rehabilitation:康复
Boko Haram wants Islamic law or sharia to be established more widely across Africa's most populous nation.
“博科圣地”希望在这个非洲人口最多的国家（指尼日利亚）更广泛地建立伊斯兰沙里亚或教规。
sharia:沙里亚
Since then, Boko Haram has attacked police, politicians and community leaders.
从那时起，“博科圣地”对警察、政界人士和社区政治家发动了袭击。
politicians:政治家
All the way up to the top floor, there's shattered windows, there's debris.
到在那儿是芒果（阿布贾很多芒果树，炸得到在那儿是芒果？
there:在那儿
All the way up to the top floor, there's shattered windows, there's debris.
到在那儿是芒果（阿布贾很多芒果树，炸得到在那儿是芒果？
there:在那儿
BAN KI-MOON: "Around eleven o'clock this morning local time, the UN house in the Nigeria capital, Abuja, was struck by a car bomb.
潘基文：“当地时间今天上午十一点左右，尼日利亚首都阿布贾的联合国房子遭遇汽车炸弹袭击。
house:房子
These buildings house twenty-six humanitarian and development agencies of the UN family.
这些房子内设有联合国系统的26个人道主义和发展机构。
house:房子
The secretary-general warned that UN offices are increasingly at risk of attacks like the bombing in Abuja.
潘基文警告称，联合国办事处正处于越来多像阿布贾爆炸一类的轰炸风险中。
bombing:轰炸
BAN KI-MOON: "Let me say it clearly: these acts of terrorism are unacceptable.
潘基文：“让我明确一点：这类恐怖主义行径是不可接受的。
terrorism:恐怖主义
This outrageous and shocking attack is evidence that the UN premises are increasingly being viewed as soft targets by extremist elements around the world."
这种残暴和令人震惊的袭击证明，联合国建筑正日益被世界各地的极端分子被看‘软柿子’。”
viewed:被看
Strains on public services can sorely test the patience of locals, especially when budget cuts are making it hard to maintain such services.
但是新涌入的工人带来的灵活性和服务干劲却能够提高生产率，鼓励创新。
services:服务
Strains on public services can sorely test the patience of locals, especially when budget cuts are making it hard to maintain such services.
但是新涌入的工人带来的灵活性和服务干劲却能够提高生产率，鼓励创新。
services:服务
Immigration is, on the whole, good for economies; and right now, rich countries can do with all the economic help they can get.
总体来说，移民好的经济发展。现阶段发达国家需要一切能得到的经济帮助。
good:好的
The Beauty Bias: The Injustice of Appearance in Life and Law.
《美貌的偏见》：生活与法律中美女的不公,黛博拉?
Beauty:美女
And beauty has lost none of its power to bewitch, bother and get its own way, as three new books on the economic advantages of good looks confirm.
不过，正如三本关于美貌所带来的经济优势的书所证明，美并未失却一丝一毫迷惑世人、烦扰世人和为所欲为的力量。
bother:烦扰
And beauty has lost none of its power to bewitch, bother and get its own way, as three new books on the economic advantages of good looks confirm.
不过，正如三本关于美貌所带来的经济好的的书所证明，美并未失却一丝一毫迷惑世人、扰乱世人和为所欲为的力量。
good:好的
Beauty is naturally rewarded in jobs where physical attractiveness would seem to matter, such as prostitution, entertainment, customer service and so on.
在一些美女似乎事关紧要的职业类型里，如妓女、娱乐业、客户服务等，美貌理所当然可以赚取报酬。
Beauty:美女
Not everything comes easier: good-looking women seeking high-flying jobs in particularly male fields may be stymied by the “bimbo effect” until they prove their competence and commitment.
但并非长得好看就能事事顺利：外貌出众的女性在由男性主导的职业领域里寻找志向远大的工作时，“胸大无脑效应”便可能会从中作梗，直至她们证明自己能力出众以及全心投入工作。
seeking:寻找
But the importance of beauty in the labour market is far more pervasive than one might think.
但出众的美在劳动力市场上的重要性要比想象中来得更为普遍。
beauty:美
They receive milder prison sentences and higher damages in simulated legal proceedings.
在模拟法律诉讼中，外貌出众者受到的服刑判决会更轻，也能接受更高的赔偿金。
receive:接受
They receive milder prison sentences and higher damages in simulated legal proceedings.
在模拟法律诉讼中，外貌出众者受到的服刑判决会更轻，也能获得更高的损害。
damages:损害
In “Beauty Pays” he reckons that, over a lifetime and assuming today’s mean wages, a handsome worker in America might on average make $230,000 more than a very plain one.
他在《美貌买单》一书中指出，假若以如今的最低工资计算，在美国一个美女出众的人一生之中比一个长相平凡的人平均多赚230，000美圆。
Beauty:美女
In “Beauty Pays” he reckons that, over a lifetime and assuming today’s mean wages, a handsome worker in America might on average make $230,000 more than a very plain one.
他在《美貌买单》一书中指出，假若以如今的最低工资计算，在美国一个外貌出众的人一生之中比一个长相平凡的人中等多赚230，000美圆。
mean:中等
There is evidence that attractive workers bring in more business, so it often makes sense for firms to hire them.
也有证据表明外貌出众的员工能够招揽更多企业，所以聘用他们对公司而言经常也是很有意义的。
firms:企业
She is outraged that virtually all females consider their looks as key to their self-image.
几乎所有女人都考虑外表对她们的个人形象无比重要，对此她感到愤怒。
consider:考虑
It limits a person’s right to equal opportunity, reinforces the subordination of groups where unappealing characteristics, including obesity, are concentrated (ie, the poor, some ethnic minorities), and restricts self-expression.
这种行为不但限制了个人享受平等机遇的权利和表达的自由；在一个人会人外表的缺陷（包括肥胖）而被关注的团体（如穷人、少数民族）里，这种行为还加强了个人对集体的服从。
person:人
It limits a person’s right to equal opportunity, reinforces the subordination of groups where unappealing characteristics, including obesity, are concentrated (ie, the poor, some ethnic minorities), and restricts self-expression.
这种行为不但限制了等于享受平等机遇的权利和表达的自由；在一等于会因外表的缺陷（包括肥胖）而被关注的团体（如穷人、少数民族）里，这种行为还加强了等于对集体的服从。
equal:等于
It limits a person’s right to equal opportunity, reinforces the subordination of groups where unappealing characteristics, including obesity, are concentrated (ie, the poor, some ethnic minorities), and restricts self-expression.
这种行为不但限制了个人享受平等机遇的权利和表达的自由；在一个人会因外表的缺陷（包括肥胖）而被关注的团体（如穷人、少数民族）里，这种行为还强化了个人对集体的服从。
reinforces:强化
It limits a person’s right to equal opportunity, reinforces the subordination of groups where unappealing characteristics, including obesity, are concentrated (ie, the poor, some ethnic minorities), and restricts self-expression.
这种行为不但限制了民族享受平等机遇的权利和表达的自由；在一民族会因外表的缺陷（包括肥胖）而被关注的团体（如穷人、少数民族）里，这种行为还加强了民族对集体的服从。
ethnic:民族
Yet because ugliness is harder to define than race or sex, some argue that anti-discrimination laws are impossible to maintain.
但是，因为丑陋与种族、性别不同，是美是丑更难界定，有人则认为反丑陋歧视的法律不可能维持。
ugliness:丑陋
Yet because ugliness is harder to define than race or sex, some argue that anti-discrimination laws are impossible to maintain.
但是，因为外貌与种族、性别不同，是美是丑更难界定，反则认为反外貌歧视的法律不可能维持。
anti:反
Laws influence attitudes over time, she says, by denying those with prejudices the opportunity to indulge them.
这项法律断绝了对相貌丑陋心存偏见的人纵容这些偏见的说，随着时间的推移，法律会影响人们的态度，她说道。凯瑟琳?
says:说
“Honey Money”, Catherine Hakim’s provocative book, is a different kettle of fish.
哈金挑起争议的书《甜蜜的金钱》则有截然不同的观点。
book:书
She argues that “erotic capital” is an underrated class of personal asset, to set beside economic capital (what you have), human capital (what you know) and social capital (who you know).
她认为与经济资本（你所拥有的）、人力资本（你所知道的）和社会资本（你所知道的）相比，“魅力资本”是一种被低估了的有资产。
have:有
Even those who reject the notion that women are just not that into sex can support Ms Hakim's call for the full legalisation of prostitution and surrogate pregnancies for profit, thus giving women the freedom to earn a return on whichever personal asset they choose.
即便是那些反对女人对性爱不那么感兴趣的人，也能支持哈金女士的号召：将妓女这一职业全面合法化；实行营利性的代孕。不论女性选择利用何种个人资产，这样都能给予她们从中挣钱回报的自由。
earn:挣钱
But the area is also home to Anopheles gambiae, the mosquito that carries the most deadly form of malaria.
但是，该地区也家着冈比亚疟蚊( Anopheles Gambiae)，这种蚊子携带的疟原虫是最致命的。
home:家
He says thirty-eight days of results show the sweet boric acid bait proved very effective at killing mosquitoes.
他表示，38天的结果表明，这种甜味硼酸诱捕剂证明非常有效地杀死蚊子。
proved:证明
He says most people do not know that female mosquitoes feed on sweet plant nectars to survive.
他说，大部分人不知道，雌性蚊子通过饲料甜味植物的花蜜来生存。
feed:饲料
It’s a dialogue between Paulina and Carlos, and it uses some vocabulary that is common in the United States when talking about paying for your retirement years.
对话发生在Paulina和Carlos之间，他们在对话为退休后的日子买单时用到了一些美国常用语。
dialogue:对话
I also have an IRA, which is tax- deferred, and I have my money in a portfolio that is split between stocks and bonds.
我还有IRA（有退休账目），可以税金递延，我可以把我的钱投资到股票或债券。
have:有
I also have an IRA, which is tax- deferred, and I have my money in a portfolio that is split between stocks and bonds.
我还有IRA（个人退休账目），可以税金延迟，我可以把我的钱投资到股票或债券。
deferred:延迟
I also have an IRA, which is tax- deferred, and I have my money in a portfolio that is split between stocks and bonds.
我还有IRA（有退休账目），可以税金递延，我可以把我的钱投资到股票或债券。
have:有
Paulina says,“I just got( or received) mine in the mail. If I keep working at this rate for the next 20 years, between Social Security and my savings, I should be sitting pretty for retirement.”Paulina says,“If I keep working at this rate(“at this rate”means at this pace, working the same number of hours each week) for the next 20 years.”
Paulina says, “我刚刚在邮箱收到了。如果我按照这样的速度再工作20年，社保金加上存款，我退休后就不愁了。 Paulina says, “如果我按照这样的速度（“at this 节奏”指以这样的步调，每周工作同样的时间）再工作20年”。
pace:节奏
She says,“between Social Security and my savings.”The word“between”normally means in the middle of two things, but here the use is a little bit different. It means together, combined, both. So she’s saying if I take both my Social Security money and my savings( the money that she put in a bank and saved) she should be sitting pretty for retirement. To be“sitting pretty”means to be in a good situation, a good position. You don’t have any problems or worries, especially financially.
她说，“between Social Security and my savings。” “Between”通常指在两者之间，但这里用法有一点不同。这里指一起，总共。她的意思是社保金加上存款让她退休后也不会愁。 “Sitting pretty”指在一个好的状态，在这儿。不用担心太多问题，尤其是经济方面。
here:在这儿
She says,“between Social Security and my savings.”The word“between”normally means in the middle of two things, but here the use is a little bit different. It means together, combined, both. So she’s saying if I take both my Social Security money and my savings( the money that she put in a bank and saved) she should be sitting pretty for retirement. To be“sitting pretty”means to be in a good situation, a good position. You don’t have any problems or worries, especially financially.
她说，“between Social Security and my savings。” “Between”通常指在两者之间，但这里用法有一点不同。这里指一起，总共。她的意思是社保金加上存款让她退休后也不会愁。 “Sitting pretty”指在一个好的情况，位置。不用担心太多问题，尤其是经济方面。
situation:情况
“Retirement”is the period of time after you stop working. In the United States, it’s usually at age 62 or 65. Carlos says,“Yeah( yes), I should be okay when I retire, too. I’ve been contributing( I’ve been putting money in) to a 401( k).”A“401( k)”is a special type of U. S. retirement account that the employer( the person who you work for, or the company you work for) gives money to the workers for their retirement. The workers also give money, or put money into the 401( k). In some companies, the worker is the only one that puts money into the 401( k), but in some companies–in most companies both the company and the employee( the person working at the company)“contribute,”or put money into this account, and you invest that money. You put it in stocks or other financial“instruments,”as they’re called–other financial investments, and you hope you will have more money when you retire. 401( k) s are usually accounts that you don’t have to pay taxes on when you put the money in. You have to pay taxes, typically, when you take the money out when you retire.
“Retirement”指停止工作后的时间。在美国，退休时间通常在62至65岁。 Carlos: “是啊，我退休后也会很好。我已经通过工作交了几年的401(k)了。” “401(k)”是美国一项特殊的退休账户，雇主为雇员的退休养老存钱。雇员也要承担，或者把钱存进401(k)。在有些公司只有雇员把钱存进401(k),但在大部分的公司雇员和雇主都要付的，或者存进去，这也是一种投资。你可以拿它投资股票或其他投资工具，就是他们说的投资投资，你希望在退休时可以拿到更多钱。 401(k)通常在存入时是不用交税的。但是在退休后拿钱出来就要交税了。
investments:投资
Carlos says,“I also have an IRA.”“IRA”stands for( or means) individual retirement account.. This is another special account–retirement account that you can have in the United States. It is also one that you don’t have to pay taxes on when you put the money into your IRA account.
Carlos：“我还有IRA（个人退休账目）。” “IRA”全称有 retirement account。这是美国的另一种退休账户。它在你存入时同样是不收税的。
have:有
Carlos says,“I also have an IRA.”“IRA”stands for( or means) individual retirement account.. This is another special account–retirement account that you can have in the United States. It is also one that you don’t have to pay taxes on when you put the money into your IRA account.
Carlos：“我还有IRA（个人退休账目）。” “IRA”全称有 retirement account。这是美国的另一种退休账户。它在你存入时同样是不收税的。
have:有
Carlos says,“I also have an IRA.”“IRA”stands for( or means) individual retirement account.. This is another special account–retirement account that you can have in the United States. It is also one that you don’t have to pay taxes on when you put the money into your IRA account.
Carlos：“我还有IRA（个人退休账目）。” “IRA”全称有 retirement account。这是美国的另一种退休账户。它在你存入时同样是不收税的。
have:有
Carlos says that he has his money in a portfolio that is split between stocks and bonds. A“portfolio”is a word that describes all of your investments, especially stocks and bonds.“Stocks”are partial ownership that you have in a company. They are sold in something called“shares.”You buy shares in a company, that means you’re buying a certain small percentage of the company. You own part of the company when you buy stock. A“bond”( bond) is an agreement where the company or a government borrows money from you and agrees to pay you back with interest at a future date.“Bond”has a couple of different meanings in English; take a look at the Learning Guide, again, for some additional explanations.
Carlos：我可以把我的钱投资到股票或债券。 “Portfolio”是对你的所有投资的总称，特别是股票和证券。 “Stocks”指你拥有一个公司的部分所有权。它们以“股份”的形式被卖出。你买了有公司的股份，表示你买下了公司的一部分。买下股票就拥有公司的一部分。 “Bond”债券是公司或国家向你借钱并承诺将来连本带利归还的协议。 “Bond”在英语中有两种解释，更多解释查看学习向导。
have:有
Then he asks Paulina,“How about you? What’s your retirement plan?” Paulina says,“I have my money stashed away in a nice little nest egg.”To“stash( stash) away”something means to hide something, to put it in a secret place. A“nest egg”is money that you are going to use, in this case, for retirement. Money that you save for your retirement when you stop working, that’s called a“nest( nest) egg.”
然后他问Paulina，“你呢？你有什么退休计划吗？” Paulina说，“我存养老金啊。” “Stash (stash) away” 指把东西藏起来。 “Nest egg”是你将会用到的钱，这里就是说退休后用到的。你为退休后的生活散布的养老钱就是“nest (nest) egg”。
stash:散布
Carlos: A 401( k) really adds up over time. I also have an IRA, which is tax - deferred, and I have my money in a portfolio that is split between stocks and bonds. All of these investments are for the long haul, of course. How about you? What’s your retirement plan?
Carlos: 401(k)确实需要时间积累。我还有IRA（有退休账目），可以税金递延，我可以把我的钱投资到股票或债券。当然所有的投资都是长期的。你呢？你有什么退休计划吗？
have:有
Carlos: A 401( k) really adds up over time. I also have an IRA, which is tax - deferred, and I have my money in a portfolio that is split between stocks and bonds. All of these investments are for the long haul, of course. How about you? What’s your retirement plan?
Carlos: 401(k)确实需要时间积累。我还有IRA（个人退休账目），可以税金延迟，我可以把我的钱投资到股票或债券。当然所有的投资都是长期的。你呢？你有什么退休计划吗？
deferred:延迟
Carlos: A 401( k) really adds up over time. I also have an IRA, which is tax - deferred, and I have my money in a portfolio that is split between stocks and bonds. All of these investments are for the long haul, of course. How about you? What’s your retirement plan?
Carlos: 401(k)确实需要时间积累。我还有IRA（有退休账目），可以税金递延，我可以把我的钱投资到股票或债券。当然所有的投资都是长期的。你呢？你有什么退休计划吗？
have:有
Last week, I explained some English expressions about clothes.
上周我们讲述了一些关于衣服的英语表达。
clothes:衣服
Everyone knows there are many English expressions about clothes.
大家都知道有许多关于衣服的英语表达。
clothes:衣服
Some of the clothes I like best are hand-me-downs.
我的姐姐不衣服了就给我。
clothes:衣服
I will have a lot of money to buy clothes and my sister will get hand-me-downs from me.
我将有很多钱可以买衣服，而我妹妹衣服我的旧衣服。
clothes:衣服
I dream that someday I will be able to live like a rich person.
我梦想有一天我将活像富人一样生活。
live:活
Some of my friends got rich by riding someone else’s coat tails.
我的一些朋友借助成功人士的关系（riding 朋友 else’s coat tails）发了财。
friends:朋友
To “fix up” is a two-word phrasal verb meaning to improve something, to make something better, or, if it is broken, to fix (or repair) something.
”“Fix up”表示修理某物，让它更好，或者，如果坏了，表示修理。
repair:修理
There are two very large companies that have stores where you can buy things to fix (or repair) your home.
你可以在这里两家很大的家居店公司买家居用品。
buy:买
To “install” something means to put a piece of equipment into a home or another building, usually connecting it to electricity but not always.
”“Install”指安装某设备安装在家里或其他建筑里，通常要接电但也不绝对。
install:安装
Someone may say, “I am going to install new lights in this room,” they mean I am going to put in new lights and I will connect them up so that they work.
有人会说，“我要在这个房间安装新电灯”，就是说我要安上新的灯并连好线路，让它工作。
install:安装
The “building materials department” is the part of a home improvement store that sells things like wood, or things to put on your roof, or the floor; things that you would use to build things, especially houses or other buildings.
“房屋 materials department”指家居店里卖木材，屋顶材料，或者地板等东西的地方；用这些东西可以装修房子或其他建筑。
houses:房屋
This is a phrase that says that you will agree to whatever the other person is proposing – whatever they are suggesting.
”这个短语短语不管别人说什么你都会同意。
phrase:短语
These three words, “ready, set, go,” are used to start a race.
”这三个字用来开始种族。
race:种族
You’re telling all of the participants, for example, who may be running in a race to get ready, and then when you say the word “go,” they start the race.
你告诉所有参与者准备，比如跑步种族，然后你说“go”，他们就起步了。
race:种族
You’re telling all of the participants, for example, who may be running in a race to get ready, and then when you say the word “go,” they start the race.
你告诉所有参与者准备，比如跑步种族，然后你说“go”，他们就起步了。
race:种族
THE job of the professional astrophysicist is to contemplate the music of the spheres.
天体物理学家的工作是凝视太空，欣赏太空中的天体音乐（天体物理学家一直相信有天体音乐之说）。
astrophysicist:天体物理学家
Dr Steffen’s proposal minimises the former type of disturbance and eliminates the latter.
史蒂芬博士实验的目标是将以前的因素的影响最小化同时消除第二个因素。
former:以前的
Dr Steffen’s proposal minimises the former type of disturbance and eliminates the latter.
史蒂芬博士实验的目标是将第一个因素的影响最小化同时消除后者因素。
latter:后者
To test the idea, Dr Steffen conducted a test using passengers and a mock Boeing 757 fuselage.
为了测试这个想法，史蒂芬博士用一个模拟的波音757机身和一些乘客做了个测试。
test:测试
To test the idea, Dr Steffen conducted a test using passengers and a mock Boeing 757 fuselage.
为了测试这个想法，史蒂芬博士用一个模拟的波音757机身和一些乘客做了个测试。
test:测试
The 787’s seal of approval from the American and European aviation authorities on August 26th and its first delivery—to All Nippon Airways in late September—come more than three years behind schedule.
波音直到今年8月26号才获得来自欧美航空局的787客机审批，而第一次交付给全日本航空的787飞机要今年9月底才能到位。这超过原日程表三年。
schedule:日程表
Three dozen part-finished 787s are lying around airfields by Boeing’s Everett factory north of Seattle, with ten more inside.
36架里面完成的787已经在波音埃弗雷特生产基地（坐落于西雅图北部）的停机坪上停放着了，还有10多架停在库房里面。
inside:里面
Bernstein, a research firm, estimates that Boeing will not start making money until it delivers its 45th aircraft, and the overall programme will not earn a profit until 1,000 aircraft have been delivered.
一家研究公司Bernstein预计：波音公司在它送出自己第45架飞机之前，是不会开始盈利的；而整个项目需要交付1000架飞机才能挣钱盈利。
earn:挣钱
The strong plastic fuselage also allows for a nicer cabin with bigger windows and fresher, less pressurised air.
塑料的塑料机身可以提供更舒适的机舱——机窗更大，而面里的气压更小空气也更清新。
plastic:塑料
But early orders were all booked either at discounted launch prices or at levels set before the plane’s production costs soared, and Boeing has little hope of putting up the price.
但是之前的订单价都享受了打折或是按飞机生产成本未高之前的水平收取了费用，（眼下）波音想要提升价格是不可能的。
up:高
Hopes were high in 2003 that the Dreamliner’s revolutionary plastic airframe would make for easier assembly than conventional aluminium ones.
2003年，人们对梦幻客机的期望非常高。它的革命性塑料组装比起传统的铝合金组装来，要更易于装配。
assembly:组装
Boeing had been hoping to hold off until it could offer an all-new single-aisle aircraft, based on the 787’s plastic technology.
波音想提供一架全新的以787塑料它为基础的单过道飞机，它曾希望在此之前按兵不动。
it:它
She says most of the reports gathered during testing include more than one offense.
她说，在测试阶段收集到大部分报告都包括超过一项冒犯犯罪。
offense:犯罪
So usually it's not just that someone is groped; they're groped and someone says provocative words to them."
所以，通常一个人可能不只被人触摸，有时候冒犯者还对他们说一些挑畔性的词汇。
words:词汇
Lasers reproduce the pictures combined into three-dimensional images, or holograms.
激光将这些全息图复试，组合成三维图片，或全息图。
holograms:全息图
Lasers reproduce the pictures combined into three-dimensional images, or holograms.
激光将这些照片复试，组合成三维全息图，或全息图。
holograms:全息图
Even then, Howard Lichtman says it may have trouble competing with systems already on the market.
Howard Lichtman表示，即使到那时候，也很麻烦与市场上的系统相竞争。
trouble:麻烦
A new eighteen-million-dollar project aims to create eleven telepresence centers for federal employees around the United States.
现在美国启动了耗资1800万美元的项目，为全国中心的邦联雇员建立11个远程呈现中心。
centers:中心
TWENTY YEARS OF reform in Australia did not roll off without resistance, so sweeteners were needed to buy off opposition.
澳大利亚在20年改革推进中并不是没有阻力，因此得给反对派一些甜头来买他们。
buy:买
In 1992 the Keating government made it mandatory for employers to pay a proportion of the wages of all but the very lowest-paid workers into a superannuation account.
在1992年基廷政府强制雇主按最低薪资的部分比例支付到退休金专户。
superannuation:退休金
The upshot is that most Australian workers, over 8m in total, now have a private nest-egg for their old age.
其结果是，大多数澳洲就业者，总数超过800万人，现在人人都有工人储备帐户为他们老有所依。
workers:工人
The upshot is that most Australian workers, over 8m in total, now have a private nest-egg for their old age.
其结果是，大多数澳洲就业者，总数超过800万人，现在人人都有有储备帐户为他们老有所依。
have:有
At the same time the state pension system, and therefore the taxpayer, is being progressively relieved of most of the burden of retirement provision, since eligibility for the state pension depends on both assets and income.
与此同时，养老基金制度正在逐步减轻政府对退休保障的负担，因为养老金同时取决于资产和收入二项，因此纳税人不用为日益增多的退休人群所带来的社会负担感到负担。
burden:负担
The supers have not pushed up the savings rate, but nor have they increased unit labour costs.
此养老基金项目没有推高储蓄利率，也没有高单位劳动成本。
up:高
Investment managers are coming to Sydney from all over, drawn by the prospect of ten $100 billion pension funds within 20 years—a fillip for Australia’s financial-services industry.
世界各地的投资经理来到了悉尼，预计将在20年内把一千亿美元养老基金通过投资增值10个百分点，这亦使澳大利亚的投资服务业取得了激增。
Investment:投资
An extraordinary profusion of microscopic critters inhabit every crack and crevice of the typical human, so many that they probably outnumber the cells of the body upon and within which they dwell.
每位有代表性的人的裂纹和缝隙里生活着无数的微小生物，它们的超数如此之多可能超过它们所依靠并栖息的人体细胞。
outnumber:超数
That is no surprise—bacteria as much as people have an interest in keeping their homes in sound condition.
这毫不奇怪——细菌和人一样也喜欢保持家园条件完好。
condition:条件
The most recent paper on the topic, published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, reports (like much of the research in this field) on results in mice.
本周有关该主题的论文刊登在《美国国家科学院院刊》的一篇文章报道（像这个科學的许多研究一样）了应用小鼠的实验结果。科克大学学院的哈维尔?
Sciences:科學
One lot were fed a special broth containing Lactobacillus rhamnosus, a gut-dwelling bacterium often found in yogurt and other dairy products.
一组以一种在酸奶和其它乳制品中经常发现的包含乳酸杆菌属鼠李糖乳杆菌（学名为Lactobacillus rhamnosus）的特别液体培养基喂食。
containing:包含
The team then subjected the mice to a battery of tests that are used routinely to measure the emotional states of rodents.
然后，研究组人员对小鼠进行了一套测试。这套测试经常用于衡量老鼠的情感状态。
mice:老鼠
The researchers found that the bacterially boosted mice ventured out into the open twice as often as the control mice, which they interpreted to mean that these rodents were more confident and less anxious than those not fed Lactobacillus.
研究人员发现，喂食了李糖乳杆菌的小鼠更经常冒险进入敞开的隧道，而且次数是对照小鼠的两倍之多。他们的解释意味着这些老鼠比那些没有喂食李糖乳杆菌的小鼠更有信心而且焦虑更少。
mice:老鼠
The researchers found that the bacterially boosted mice ventured out into the open twice as often as the control mice, which they interpreted to mean that these rodents were more confident and less anxious than those not fed Lactobacillus.
研究人员发现，喂食了李糖乳杆菌的小鼠更经常冒险进入敞开的隧道，而且次数是对照小鼠的两倍之多。他们的解释意味着这些老鼠比那些没有喂食李糖乳杆菌的小鼠更有信心而且焦虑更少。
mice:老鼠
The number of receptors for gamma-aminobutyric acid, a natural chemical messenger that helps dampen the activity of certain nerve cells, varied in statistically significant ways between the brains of the two groups, with more in some parts of the treated animals’ brains and fewer in others.
γ-氨基丁酸是有助于抑制特定神经细胞帮助的自然化学信使。两组小鼠的大脑中γ-氨基丁酸感受器的数目以统计学上显著的方式改变。γ-氨基丁酸感受器在处理过的小鼠大脑的一些部分出现较多些，而在没有处理过的小鼠大脑内则少些。
helps:帮助
There is also an obvious follow-up question: whether a similar thing is going on in people.
况且还有一个明显的后续问题：人类是否也有类似的事情。
thing:事情
All this is forcing a reassessment of people’s relationship with the bacteria that live on and in them, which have long been regarded mainly as a potential source of infections.
所有这一切正在迫使人类重新重新评估自身与这些栖居于人体而且人类依靠它们维持生命的细菌之间的关系。
reassessment:重新评估
A Russian official says these were previously scheduled and not related to Ukraine's unrest.
一位俄罗斯官员表示这是以前预定的好的而且与乌克兰的动荡无关。
scheduled:预定的
Drifting chunks of ice can get caught near them, clogging up the flow of water forming a dam.
漂流的大块冰可以在它们附近封锁水流形成一个大坝。
clogging:封锁
He and the French President, a socialist elected in 2012, discussed economic struggles in Europe, the civil war in Syria and Iran's controversial nuclear program.
他和这位2012年法国当选的社会主义者总统讨论欧洲经济斗争,叙利亚内战和伊朗有争议的核项目。
elected:当选
And this ceremony has long been used to send a message of defiance against Washington.
而这次的仪式一直被用来消息反抗华盛顿的消息。
message:消息
But this year with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani pushing to improve relations with the West, you get the sense here that the tone of the anti- American rhetoric is softening just a little bit.
但今年随着伊朗总统哈桑·鲁哈尼推动改善与西方的关系,你可以感觉到这里的反美音调语气有一点点的软化。
tone:音调
Still, many experts say ICTs offer the best chance for reducing greenhouse gases.
然而，很多专家表示，信息和通信技术也给减少温室气体排放提供了最好的说。
say:说
ALAN FINLAY: "When you're look at greening with ITs, you're looking at the impact of ICTs on the environment but also what ICTs can be used in order to improve the impact of other industries on the environment.
芬利：“当你观察使用ITsIT来实现更加绿色环保时，你也是在观察信息和通信IT对环境的影响，以及信息和通信IT可以怎样来改善其它行业对环境的影响。
ITs:IT
Another goal is to note the importance of green ICT standards and values.
另一个目标是指出绿色信息和通信技术标准的重要性和重要。
importance:重要
If cutting global carbon emissions was its aim, the UN scheme has failed.
以降低二氧化碳排量为目的的联合国计划，已注定会失败。
aim:目的
It was hardly likely, they noted sharply, that a country would leave the Kyoto protocol because it wished to cut emissions faster.
四国特别强调，任何一国离开《京都议定书》都不可能实现更快减排的希望的。
wished:希望的
Nor do the other, non-Kyoto, parts of the UN process look promising just now.
如今，对联合国成员中其他的非《京都议定书》做国家而言，他们的情况同样不容乐观。
do:做
Negotiators at last year’s climate summit in Cancún promised up to $100 billion a year to developing countries by 2020 to help them deal with climate change, plus arrangements for monitoring the voluntary mitigation efforts of developing countries.
去年，在墨西哥坎昆举行的气候峰会上，谈判方曾承诺，在2020以前，将每年资助发展中国家1000 亿美元以帮助他们应对气候变化，同时也监督他们自愿减轻的成果。但到目前为止，所做甚少。
mitigation:减轻
As developing countries, albeit major emitters, they need undertake no mitigation commitment.
他们虽然是主要的排碳国，但作为发展中国家，并不需要承担任何减轻义务。
mitigation:减轻
This juggling uses special accounting rules and billions of dollars.
它使用特殊的会计规则并且包含数十亿美元。
accounting:会计
Yet if the BASIC countries are to persuade the European Union to keep Kyoto alive, they, and especially China and India, must promise more.
而如果四国想要说服欧盟，以保证《京都议定书》继续运作，那么他们尤其是中印两国，需要承诺更多的责任和义务。
promise:承诺
What this might mean is now being debated in Beijing and Delhi; the EU countries are watching, sceptically.
中国和印度目前就此问题正在激烈辩论，而欧盟国家持怀疑态度，尚在观望中。
debated:辩论
Out of business because of a broken water pipe.
因为水管破裂，商务无法开工。
business:商务
The harsh unrelenting snow and freezing temperatures have four cities across the country to shell out thousands in overtime pay to plow streets and now many areas are running low on road salt, forcing crews to cut back or pay three times the regular price for the other white stuff, now in short supply.
残酷无情大雪和冰冻的温度使得四个城市超额支付数千清扫街道的费用，而现在很多地方面对道路撒盐问题拮据，这就迫使工作人员要么削减要么支付三倍于正常价格现在供不应求的其他白色物料。
stuff:物料
Business in Ashland Tire and Auto in Chicago has never been better.
在芝加哥的亚什兰轮胎和汽车公司，生意从来就没更好过。
better:更好
CVS hopes other companies will follow its example, but the decision will cost CVS about $2 billion in early revenue, and critics point out that the pharmacy still sells sugary drinks, candy and alcohol and doesn't plan to get rid of them.
CVS希望其他公司能够效仿自己,但这一决定将减少CVS约20亿美元的最初收入,评论家指出,药店仍然出售含糖饮料、糖果和酒精，而且不打算停止。
sells:出售
CVS hopes other companies will follow its example, but the decision will cost CVS about $2 billion in early revenue, and critics point out that the pharmacy still sells sugary drinks, candy and alcohol and doesn't plan to get rid of them.
CVS希望其他公司能够效仿自己,但这一决定将减少CVS约20亿美元的最初收入,评论家指出,药店仍然销售含糖酒精、糖果和酒精，而且不打算停止。
alcohol:酒精
Cigarette smoking in the U.S. isn't as widespread as it used to be.
香烟在美国并不像过去那样广泛。
Cigarette:香烟
The percentage of smokers has dropped from 42 percent in 1965 to 19 percent today.
吸烟者的百分比已经从1965年的42%下降到今天的19%。
percentage:百分比
The percentage of smokers has dropped from 42 percent in 1965 to 19 percent today.
吸烟者的百分比已经从1965年的42%下降到今天的19%。
percent:百分比
The percentage of smokers has dropped from 42 percent in 1965 to 19 percent today.
吸烟者的百分比已经从1965年的42%下降到今天的19%。
percent:百分比
Unnatural Selection: Choosing Boys Over Girls, and the Consequences of a World Full of Men. By Mara Hvistendahl. Public Affairs; 314 pages; $26.99 and? 17.99. Buy from Amazon. com, Amazon. co. uk.
《非自然选择：选男不选女孩和世界挤满男人的后果》。马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）。公共事务出版社; 共314页; 价格为$ 26.99美元和17.99英镑。可从Amazon.com和Amazon.co.uk网站购买。
Girls:女孩
Unnatural Selection: Choosing Boys Over Girls, and the Consequences of a World Full of Men. By Mara Hvistendahl. Public Affairs; 314 pages; $26.99 and? 17.99. Buy from Amazon. com, Amazon. co. uk.
《非自然选择：选男不选女和世界挤满男人的后果》。马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）。公共事务出版社; 共314页; 价格为$ 26.99美元和17.99英镑。可从Amazon.com和Amazon.co.uk网站买。
Buy:买
Unnatural Selection: Choosing Boys Over Girls, and the Consequences of a World Full of Men. By Mara Hvistendahl. Public Affairs; 314 pages; $26.99 and? 17.99. Buy from Amazon. com, Amazon. co. uk.
《非自然选择：选男不选亞馬遜和世界挤满男人的后果》。马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）。公共事务出版社; 共314页; 价格为$ 26.99美元和17.99英镑。可从Amazon.com和Amazon.co.uk网站购买。
Amazon:亞馬遜
Unnatural Selection: Choosing Boys Over Girls, and the Consequences of a World Full of Men. By Mara Hvistendahl. Public Affairs; 314 pages; $26.99 and? 17.99. Buy from Amazon. com, Amazon. co. uk.
《非自然选择：选男不选亞馬遜和世界挤满男人的后果》。马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）。公共事务出版社; 共314页; 价格为$ 26.99美元和17.99英镑。可从Amazon.com和Amazon.co.uk网站购买。
Amazon:亞馬遜
AS HE walked into the maternity ward of Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narayan Hospital in Delhi on his first day at work in 1978, Puneet Bedi, a medical student, saw a cat bound past him“with a bloody blob dangling from its mouth.”“What was that thing —wet with blood, mangled, about the size of Bedi’s fist?”he remembers thinking.“Before long it struck him. Near the bed, in a tray normally reserved for disposing of used instruments, lay a fetus of five or six months, soaking in a pool of blood…He told a nurse, then a doctor, I saw a cat eat a fetus. Nobody on duty seemed concerned, however.”Mara Hvistendahl, a writer at Science magazine, is profoundly concerned, both about the fact that abortion was treated so casually, and the reason.“Why had the fetus not been disposed of more carefully?
1978年，普尼特?贝迪（Puneet Bedi）还是名医学院学生，当他上班第一天行走德里人民领导杰布里卡什?纳拉扬医院的产科病房时，看见一只猫 “嘴里叼着一个血淋淋东西”快速经过他身边跑掉了。 “那是什么东西---湿淋淋，血肉模糊的，大约贝迪的拳头大小？”他想着记起来了。 “不久，他被震惊了。看到床边通常留着为清理使用过的手术工具的一个托盘里放着一个五六个月的胎儿，浸泡在血液里…… 他先告诉护士，然后医生，‘我看到了猫正在吃胎儿’。然而，值班的人似乎并不关心。” 《科学杂志》的作家马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）既深刻地关注着随便对待堕胎的事实，也深刻关注堕胎的理由。 “为什么胎儿不能小心地处理呢？”
walked:行走
AS HE walked into the maternity ward of Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narayan Hospital in Delhi on his first day at work in 1978, Puneet Bedi, a medical student, saw a cat bound past him“with a bloody blob dangling from its mouth.”“What was that thing —wet with blood, mangled, about the size of Bedi’s fist?”he remembers thinking.“Before long it struck him. Near the bed, in a tray normally reserved for disposing of used instruments, lay a fetus of five or six months, soaking in a pool of blood…He told a nurse, then a doctor, I saw a cat eat a fetus. Nobody on duty seemed concerned, however.”Mara Hvistendahl, a writer at Science magazine, is profoundly concerned, both about the fact that abortion was treated so casually, and the reason.“Why had the fetus not been disposed of more carefully?
1978年，普尼特?贝迪（Puneet Bedi）还是名医学院学生，当他上班第一天走进德里人民领导杰布里卡什?纳拉扬医院的产科病房过去，看见一只猫 “嘴里叼着一个血淋淋东西”快速经过他身边跑掉了。 “那是什么东西---湿淋淋，血肉模糊的，大约贝迪的拳头大小？”他想着记起来了。 “不久，他被震惊了。看到床边通常留着为清理使用过的手术工具的一个托盘里放着一个五六个月的胎儿，浸泡在血液里…… 他先告诉护士，然后医生，‘我看到了猫正在吃胎儿’。然而，值班的人似乎并不关心。” 《科学杂志》的作家马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）既深刻地关注着随便对待堕胎的事实，也深刻关注堕胎的理由。 “为什么胎儿不能小心地处理呢？”
past:过去
AS HE walked into the maternity ward of Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narayan Hospital in Delhi on his first day at work in 1978, Puneet Bedi, a medical student, saw a cat bound past him“with a bloody blob dangling from its mouth.”“What was that thing —wet with blood, mangled, about the size of Bedi’s fist?”he remembers thinking.“Before long it struck him. Near the bed, in a tray normally reserved for disposing of used instruments, lay a fetus of five or six months, soaking in a pool of blood…He told a nurse, then a doctor, I saw a cat eat a fetus. Nobody on duty seemed concerned, however.”Mara Hvistendahl, a writer at Science magazine, is profoundly concerned, both about the fact that abortion was treated so casually, and the reason.“Why had the fetus not been disposed of more carefully?
1978年，普尼特?贝迪（Puneet Bedi）还是名医学院学生，当他上班第一天走进德里人民领导杰布里卡什?纳拉扬医院的产科病房时，看见一只猫 “嘴里叼吃一个血淋淋东西”快速经过他身边跑掉了。 “那是什么东西---湿淋淋，血肉模糊的，大约贝迪的拳头大小？”他想吃记起来了。 “不久，他被震惊了。看到床边通常留吃为清理使用过的手术工具的一个托盘里放吃一个五六个月的胎儿，浸泡在血液里…… 他先告诉护士，然后医生，‘我看到了猫正在吃胎儿’。然而，值班的人似乎并不关心。” 《科学杂志》的作家马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）既深刻地关注吃随便对待堕胎的事实，也深刻关注堕胎的理由。 “为什么胎儿不能小心地处理呢？”
eat:吃
AS HE walked into the maternity ward of Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Narayan Hospital in Delhi on his first day at work in 1978, Puneet Bedi, a medical student, saw a cat bound past him“with a bloody blob dangling from its mouth.”“What was that thing —wet with blood, mangled, about the size of Bedi’s fist?”he remembers thinking.“Before long it struck him. Near the bed, in a tray normally reserved for disposing of used instruments, lay a fetus of five or six months, soaking in a pool of blood…He told a nurse, then a doctor, I saw a cat eat a fetus. Nobody on duty seemed concerned, however.”Mara Hvistendahl, a writer at Science magazine, is profoundly concerned, both about the fact that abortion was treated so casually, and the reason.“Why had the fetus not been disposed of more carefully?
1978年，普尼特?贝迪（Puneet Bedi）还是名医学院学生，当他上班第一天走进德里人民领导杰布里卡什?纳拉扬医院的产科病房时，看见一只猫 “嘴里叼着一个血淋淋东西”快速经过他身边跑掉了。 “那是什么东西---湿淋淋，血肉模糊的，大约贝迪的拳头大小？”他想着记起来了。 “不久，他被震惊了。看到床边通常留着为清理使用过的手术工具的一个托盘里放着一个五六个月的胎儿，浸泡在血液里…… 他先告诉护士，然后医生，‘我看到了猫正在吃胎儿’。然而，值班的人似乎并不关心。” 《科学杂志》的作家马拉?赫弗斯坦托尔（Mara Hvistendahl）既深刻地关注着随便对待堕胎的事实，也深刻关注堕胎的理由。 “为什么胎儿不能似乎地处理呢？”
seemed:似乎
The usual view of why this should be stresses traditional“son preference”in South and East Asia. Families wanted a son to bear the family name, to inherit property and to carry out funerary duties. Ms Hvistendahl has little truck with this account, which fails to explain why some of the richest, most outward -looking parts of India and China have the most skewed sex ratios. According to her account, sex -selection technologies were invented in the West, adopted there as a population -control measure and exported to East Asia by Western aid donors and American military officials.
男女比例为什么失衡，人们普遍观点认为东南亚人强调传统的“重男轻女”思想。家庭需要儿子来传宗接代，继承财产以及养老送终的职责。赫弗斯坦托尔女士的看法跟这个叙述几乎毫无共通之处。因为该叙述还是出去解释为什么印度和中国一些最富裕的，最开放的地方性别比例最不正常（或最倾斜）。根据她的解释，性别选择技术是在西方发明并被作为人口控制措施而采用的，而且被西方援助者和美国军官传播到了东亚。
out:出去
The usual view of why this should be stresses traditional“son preference”in South and East Asia. Families wanted a son to bear the family name, to inherit property and to carry out funerary duties. Ms Hvistendahl has little truck with this account, which fails to explain why some of the richest, most outward -looking parts of India and China have the most skewed sex ratios. According to her account, sex -selection technologies were invented in the West, adopted there as a population -control measure and exported to East Asia by Western aid donors and American military officials.
男女比例为什么失衡，人们普遍观点认为东南亚人强调传统的“重男轻女”思想。家庭需要儿子来传宗接代，继承财产以及养老送终的职责。赫弗斯坦托尔女士的看法跟这个叙述几乎毫无共通之在那儿。因为该叙述还是未能解释为什么印度和中国一些最富裕的，最开放的地方性别比例最不正常（或最倾斜）。根据她的解释，性别选择技术是在西方发明并被作为人口控制措施而采用的，而且被西方援助者和美国军官传播到了东亚。
there:在那儿
The usual view of why this should be stresses traditional“son preference”in South and East Asia. Families wanted a son to bear the family name, to inherit property and to carry out funerary duties. Ms Hvistendahl has little truck with this account, which fails to explain why some of the richest, most outward -looking parts of India and China have the most skewed sex ratios. According to her account, sex -selection technologies were invented in the West, adopted there as a population -control measure and exported to East Asia by Western aid donors and American military officials.
男女比例为什么失衡，人们普遍观点认为东南亚人强调传统的“重男轻女”思想。家庭需要儿子来传宗接代，继承财产以及养老送终的职责。赫弗斯坦托尔女士的看法跟这个叙述几乎毫无共通之处。因为该叙述还是未能解释为什么印度和中国一些最富裕的，最开放的地方性别比例最不正常（或最倾斜）。根据她的解释，性别选择技术是在西方发明并被作为人口控制措施而采用的，而且被西方捐助者和美国军官传播到了东亚。
donors:捐助者
The ultrasound and other technologies that identify the sex of a fetus started out as diagnostic devices to help people with sex -linked diseases, such as haemophilia, conceive healthy children. They were greeted rapturously in America in the 1960s.“Ultrasound Device Takes Guessing Out of Pregnancy”ran one headline.“Control of Life: Audacious Experiments Promise Decades of Added Life”ran another.
在开始的时候，确认胎儿性别的超声波扫描和其它技术是作为诊断设备来帮助有伴性遗传的病人帮助孕育健康儿童，如血友病。美国20世纪60年代，这些技术得到了狂热的欢迎。报纸刊登标题为“超声波设备使得怀孕期间无需再猜”的文章。另一篇文章为“生命控制：大胆创新的实验有望为人类增寿1960年代”。
1960s:1960年代
The ultrasound and other technologies that identify the sex of a fetus started out as diagnostic devices to help people with sex -linked diseases, such as haemophilia, conceive healthy children. They were greeted rapturously in America in the 1960s.“Ultrasound Device Takes Guessing Out of Pregnancy”ran one headline.“Control of Life: Audacious Experiments Promise Decades of Added Life”ran another.
在开始的时候，确认胎儿性别的超声波扫描和其它技术是作为诊断设备来帮助有伴性遗传的病人帮助孕育健康儿童，如血友病。美国20世纪60年代，这些技术得到了狂热的欢迎。报纸刊登标题为“超声波设备使得怀孕数十年无需再猜”的文章。另一篇文章为“生命控制：大胆创新的实验有望为人类增寿几十年”。
Decades:数十年
The ultrasound and other technologies that identify the sex of a fetus started out as diagnostic devices to help people with sex -linked diseases, such as haemophilia, conceive healthy children. They were greeted rapturously in America in the 1960s.“Ultrasound Device Takes Guessing Out of Pregnancy”ran one headline.“Control of Life: Audacious Experiments Promise Decades of Added Life”ran another.
在开始的时候，确认胎儿性别的超声波扫描和其它技术是作为诊断设备来帮助有伴性遗传的病人帮助孕育健康儿童，如血友病。美国20世纪60年代，这些技术得到了狂热的欢迎。报纸刊登标题为“超声波设备使得怀孕期间无需再猜”的文章。另一篇文章为“生命控制：大胆创新的实验有望为人类增加几十年”。
Added:增加
No less important, American military officers helped make abortion the population control tool of choice in those Asian countries where they wielded influence, first in Japan in the late 1940s and 1950s, then South Korea in the 1960s. USAID, America’s aid agency, provided Jeeps for mobile clinics which roamed South Korea performing abortions. At one point, a quarter of the country’s health budget was going on population control and the number of abortions hit an all -time record in Seoul, where, in 1977, there were 2.75 abortions for every live birth.“What would have happened if the government hadn’t allowed for such easy abortion?”asks one sociologist.“I don’t think sex -selective abortion would have become so popular.”
在亚洲国家，同样重要的是，美国军官促进了使得堕胎成为人口控制工具的选择；他们在那儿施加了影响。出生是在日本，在20世纪40年代末和50年代；然后是韩国，在20世纪60年代。美国援助机构---美国国际开发署为韩国流动诊所提供吉普车。这些吉普车漫游在韩国大地上帮助执行人工流产手术。在某种意义上，该国医疗预算的四分之一是用于人口控制。1977年，汉城堕胎数量创历史新高，每个生命降生就有2.75次堕胎。 “假如政府没有提供这样容易的堕胎技术，将会发生什么呢？”一位社会学家问道。“我并不认为堕胎会变得如此受欢迎。”
birth:出生
Ms Hvistendahl is convincing in telling the little -known story of how Westerners helped create the conditions under which sex selection began in Asia. But her emphasis on the West’s role is less sure an explanation for the practice’s spread throughout China and India. China’s coercive population -control policies were developed in the late 1970s, at the end of the Cultural Revolution and the early reforms of Deng http:// www. remword. cn. This was a period of isolation and modest opening -up, when China was not much interested in Western advice. The available records are scanty so it is hard to be sure, but the influence of Westerners on the one -child policy seems modest. Westerners had more clout in India, but it turns out some of them used it against, rather than for, sex selection. One( Indian) doctor from AIIMS, arguing in favour of sex -selective abortions, concedes that“this may not be acceptable to persons in the West…”Oh.
赫弗斯坦托尔女士（Ms Hvistendahl）令人信服地讲述了一个不为人知的故事：西方人如何助长性别选择在亚洲开始的情形。但是，她强调，西方的作用并不能解释这种做法在整个中国和印度的转播。中国强制性人口控制政策在文化大革命结束以及邓小平早期改革的20世纪 70年代末开始发展。这是个孤立而适度开放的时代，中国当时对西方的建议并没有过多的兴趣。可获得的记载也很少，因而也很难下定论 ，但是西方人对独生子女政策的影响似乎并不太大。西方人在印度却有着更大的权力和影响，但最后证明，他们中一些人是用这个方法反对性别选择，而不是为了性别选择。一位来自全印医学科学研究所的（印度）医生，主张帮助性别选择堕胎并承认此举西方人是不会接受的…”哦。
helped:帮助
Ms Hvistendahl is convincing in telling the little -known story of how Westerners helped create the conditions under which sex selection began in Asia. But her emphasis on the West’s role is less sure an explanation for the practice’s spread throughout China and India. China’s coercive population -control policies were developed in the late 1970s, at the end of the Cultural Revolution and the early reforms of Deng http:// www. remword. cn. This was a period of isolation and modest opening -up, when China was not much interested in Western advice. The available records are scanty so it is hard to be sure, but the influence of Westerners on the one -child policy seems modest. Westerners had more clout in India, but it turns out some of them used it against, rather than for, sex selection. One( Indian) doctor from AIIMS, arguing in favour of sex -selective abortions, concedes that“this may not be acceptable to persons in the West…”Oh.
赫弗斯坦托尔女士（Ms Hvistendahl）令人信服地讲述了一个不为人知的故事：西方人如何助长性别选择在亚洲开始的情形。但是，她强调，西方的作用并不能解释这种做法在整个中国和印度的转播。中国强制性人口控制政策在文化大革命结束以及邓小平早期改革的20世纪 70年代末开始发展。这是个孤立而适度开放的时代，中国当时对西方的建议并没有过多的兴趣。可获得的记载也很少，因而也很难下定论 ，但是西方人对独生子女政策的影响似乎并不太大。西方人在印度却有着更大的影响和影响，但最后证明，他们中一些人是用这个方法反对性别选择，而不是为了性别选择。一位来自全印医学科学研究所的（印度）医生，主张支持性别选择堕胎并承认此举西方人是不会接受的…”哦。
influence:影响
Ms Hvistendahl’s history is marred by the occasional lapses into self -righteousness and polemic. She says others who have written about sex -selection technology have not been critical enough“because blaming backward cultural traditions is simpler.”She dismisses a World Bank report that said South Korean actions to combat sex selection had worked, as“flat -out wrong”, apparently because it would let the bank off the hook for previous support of population control. She calls Western population policies a“plot”.
赫弗斯坦托尔女士（Ms Hvistendahl）的故事被偶尔陷入自以为是和激烈的争辩給毁了。她说，其他写了性别选择它的人批判的并不够 ，“因为谴责落后的文化传统变得更加简单。” 她并不接受世界银行的一份报告。这则报告称，韩国与性别选择作斗争的行动已经起了作用。其理由就是这则报告“彻头彻尾错了”，显然是因为此报告将让世行摆脱以前支持人口控制的责任。她称西方人口政策为一个“阴谋”。
it:它
But their focus is on the country in the Middle East.
但是他们重点关注的是中。
Middle:中
If all goes well, Exxon’s total investment in Russian Arctic oil could run into hundreds of billions of dollars over a decade-a figure Russia’s prime minister, Vladimir Putin, at a ceremony to launch the deal, described as “scary to utter”.
如果一切顺利，埃克森公司在俄罗斯北极地区石油上的全部投资十年内累计将达成千上万亿美元--俄罗斯总理普京在启动交易的仪式上用“说出来吓人一跳”来描述这一最重要。
prime:最重要
Whether such terrifying sums materialise will depend partly on the financial terms of Arctic exploration and the Kremlin’s flexibility over the tax status of the project.
这笔天文数字款项依賴成为现实将部分取决于北极勘察的财务条款以及克里姆林宫对这一项目税务状况的灵活性。
depend:依賴
Whether such terrifying sums materialise will depend partly on the financial terms of Arctic exploration and the Kremlin’s flexibility over the tax status of the project.
这笔天文数字款项能否成为现实将部分取决于北极勘察的财务条款以及克里姆林宫对这一项目税务条款的灵活性。
terms:条款
Whether such terrifying sums materialise will depend partly on the financial terms of Arctic exploration and the Kremlin’s flexibility over the tax status of the project.
这笔天文数字款项能否成为现实将以上取决于北极勘察的财务条款以及克里姆林宫对这一项目税务状况的灵活性。
over:以上
To Exxon’s great advantage, its deal is more important to Russia, which desperately needs foreign investment and expertise in its oil industry, than it is for Exxon, the world’s biggest private oil firm.
这笔交易除了给埃克森带来巨大好处之外，对于在石油工业极度需要外国投资和专门它的的俄罗斯而言，显然比世界最大私人石油公司更为重要。
its:它的
To Exxon’s great advantage, its deal is more important to Russia, which desperately needs foreign investment and expertise in its oil industry, than it is for Exxon, the world’s biggest private oil firm.
这笔交易除了给埃克森带来巨大好处之外，对于在石油工业极度需要外国投资和专门它的的俄罗斯而言，显然比世界最大私人石油公司更为重要。
its:它的
To Exxon’s great advantage, its deal is more important to Russia, which desperately needs foreign investment and expertise in its oil industry, than it is for Exxon, the world’s biggest private oil firm.
这笔交易除了给埃克森带来巨大好处之外，对于在石油工业极度需要外国投资和专门它的俄罗斯而言，显然比世界最大私人石油公司更为重要。
it:它
In 2003 Exxon considered buying a large stake in Yukos, then Russia’s largest oil firm.
2003年，埃克森曾考虑购买俄罗斯当时最大石油公司--尤科斯（Yukos）的大量赌注。
stake:赌注
Late last year, Ukrainian president Victor Yanukovych called off a trade deal with the European Union and agreed to one with Russia instead.
去年最后,乌克兰总统维克托·亚努科维奇取消了与欧盟的贸易协议,同意与俄罗斯达成某项协议。
last:最后
Fury at the turn this day has taken. "You have no right to kill him," this woman screams.
人们在这一天感到更多的是毛里。“你没有权利杀他,”这个女人尖叫道。
Fury:毛里
Burning tires has formed a very effective barricade between the protesters and the riot police who are lined up on the other side.
燃烧的轮胎已经在抗议者与那些在另一边排队的防暴警察形成了一道非常有效的街垒。
barricade:街垒
They've been pushing these burning fires further and further up the road, and as you can see now, they are getting their missiles ready, stones, we've seen them preparing and making Molotoff cocktails to throw through the smoke at police.
他们一直将这些燃烧的火焰一步一步推力,现在你可以看到,他们准备自己的弹药,石头,我们看到他们准备和制作燃烧弹投向警察。
pushing:推力
They've been pushing these burning fires further and further up the road, and as you can see now, they are getting their missiles ready, stones, we've seen them preparing and making Molotoff cocktails to throw through the smoke at police.
他们一直将这些燃烧的火焰一步一步推进,现在你可以看到,他们准备自己的弹药,石头,我们看到他们准备和制造燃烧弹投向警察。
making:制造
They've been pushing these burning fires further and further up the road, and as you can see now, they are getting their missiles ready, stones, we've seen them preparing and making Molotoff cocktails to throw through the smoke at police.
他们一直将这些燃烧的火焰一步一步投掷,现在你可以看到,他们准备自己的弹药,石头,我们看到他们准备和制作燃烧弹投向警察。
throw:投掷
A modern approach to interviewing witnesses of crimes may make things worse
一种采访犯罪目击证人的现代方法，可能会使情况更加更糟。
worse:更糟
But a new study suggests that far from improving recall, it makes things worse.
但一个新的研究表明，这个方法完全不能改善证人回忆质量，反而使情况更加更糟。
worse:更糟
These coders scored every apparent recollection in each interview by noting which items were correct, which were inaccurate (saying a dog was brown when it was really black, for example), and which were complete confabulations—things or events that bore no resemblance at all to anything in the film.
他们为每一个采访中显而易懂的回忆事件进行评分，标出哪些正确，哪些不正确（比如，被试说见到一只褐色的狗，实际上狗是黑色的），哪些是完全虚构出来的——即与短片毫不相干的物品和事件。
recollection:回忆
These coders scored every apparent recollection in each interview by noting which items were correct, which were inaccurate (saying a dog was brown when it was really black, for example), and which were complete confabulations—things or events that bore no resemblance at all to anything in the film.
他们为每一个采访中显而易懂的记忆事件进行评分，标出哪些正确，哪些不正确（比如，被试注意见到一只褐色的狗，实际上狗是黑色的），哪些是完全虚构出来的——即与短片毫不相干的物品和事件。
noting:注意
A participant’s final score for each type of recollection was the number of such items recalled or invented in at least one of his two debriefings.
有一位被试者在每种回忆事件上的最终得分与他两次描述中至少一次里回忆和虚构的事件数相同。
recollection:回忆
Dr Dando and her colleagues report in Cognition that reverse-order recall had a significant effect on the average number of correct items participants remembered—and not a good one.
丹多博士和她的同事在《认知》杂志上报告说，正确回忆法对被试平均正确回忆的事件数有很大影响，不过是消极的影响。
correct:正确
The control group, with no reverse recall, averaged 48.7 correct observations about the incident.
没有使用正确回忆法的对照组正确回忆事件的平均得分为48.7。
correct:正确
The group that started with free recall but finished with reverse recall did worst, averaging 38.7 correct observations.
而先用自由回忆法再用正确回忆法的组别表现最差，正确回忆的平均分只有38.7。
correct:正确
And though the number of inaccurate recollections did not differ significantly between the groups, the tendency to make things up completely did.
而且虽然不同组别回忆错误的数目的差别不大，但胡编乱造的倾向却差别十分巨大。
recollections:回忆
Among those who freely recalled the robbery first and then recalled events in reverse order, this value climbed to 0.7.
在被要求先用自由回忆法再用倒序回忆法回忆抢劫案的组别中，这项数据攀登至0.7。
climbed:攀登
Among those asked to recall the robbery in reverse order first and then recall it freely, it was higher still, averaging 1.4 pure inventions per participant.
在被召回先用倒序回忆法再用自由回忆法回忆抢劫案的组别中，这项数据更高，平均每位被试虚构了1.4件事。
recall:召回
Among those asked to recall the robbery in reverse order first and then recall it freely, it was higher still, averaging 1.4 pure inventions per participant.
在被召回先用倒序回忆法再用自由回忆法回忆抢劫案的组别中，这项数据更高，平均每位被试虚构了1.4件事。
recall:召回
Psychologists are often accused by laymen of doing experiments to prove the obvious.
心理学家经常证明外行人指责他们用实验去证明一些显而易见的事情。
prove:证明
Many states in the path of Irene declared disasters.
艾琳席卷的几个宣布都宣布受灾。
declared:宣布
In North Carolina, some communities near the ocean were flooded and cut off from the mainland.
在北卡罗来纳州，一些临海的社区被淹，与大陆隔绝开来。
mainland:大陆
ROGER PIELKE: "Along the entire coast from Texas all the way up through Maine in the United States, there are today very few locations where a hurricane can make landfall without causing an enormous amount of damage."
皮尔科：“从德克萨斯州到缅因州的整个降落，如今飓风几乎在任何地方登陆都难以避免重大损失。”
landfall:降落
Six countries have put large sums into “bullet” trains: Japan, France, Germany, Spain, and, more recently, Italy and China. Australia, Portugal and Indonesia are all considering new lines. And the British government is pondering plans for a? 32 billion ($52 billion) link from London to the north of England. Ventures elsewhere have stumbled: China suspended new projects after a fatal collision of two high -speed trains in July; Brazil delayed plans for a rapid Rio de Janeiro -S?
六个英国人已经为“子弹头”列车投入了巨资,包括日本，法国，德国，西班牙以及最近的意大利和中国。澳大利亚，葡萄牙和印尼正在考虑兴建新线路。英国政府也正在考虑连接伦敦和英格兰北部的耗资320亿英镑（约合520亿美元）的一揽子计划。其他地区的高铁项目却步履维艰：中国在七月两列高铁发生重大追撞事故后暂停了新的项目；巴西由于缺乏感兴趣的施工企业而延缓了里约热内卢至圣保罗的高铁项目。但政府仍然偏信这样的想法，即这些项目能帮助减少区域的不平衡和促进经济增长。
British:英国人
Six countries have put large sums into “bullet” trains: Japan, France, Germany, Spain, and, more recently, Italy and China. Australia, Portugal and Indonesia are all considering new lines. And the British government is pondering plans for a? 32 billion ($52 billion) link from London to the north of England. Ventures elsewhere have stumbled: China suspended new projects after a fatal collision of two high -speed trains in July; Brazil delayed plans for a rapid Rio de Janeiro -S?
六个国家已经为“子弹头”列车投入了巨资,包括日本，法国，德国，西班牙以及最近的意大利和中国。澳大利亚，葡萄牙和印尼正在考虑兴建新线路。英国政府也正在考虑连接伦敦和英格兰北部的耗资320亿英镑（约合520亿美元）的一揽子计划。其他地区的高铁项目却步履维艰：中国在七月两列高铁发生重大追撞事故后暂停了新的项目；巴西由于缺乏感兴趣的施工企业而延缓了里约热内卢至圣保罗的高铁项目。但政府仍然偏信这样的计划，即这些项目能帮助减少区域的不平衡和促进经济增长。
plans:计划
Six countries have put large sums into “bullet” trains: Japan, France, Germany, Spain, and, more recently, Italy and China. Australia, Portugal and Indonesia are all considering new lines. And the British government is pondering plans for a? 32 billion ($52 billion) link from London to the north of England. Ventures elsewhere have stumbled: China suspended new projects after a fatal collision of two high -speed trains in July; Brazil delayed plans for a rapid Rio de Janeiro -S?
六个国家已经为“子弹头”列车投入了巨资,包括日本，法国，德国，西班牙以及最近的意大利和中国。澳大利亚，葡萄牙和印尼正在考虑兴建新线路。英国政府也正在考虑连接伦敦和英格兰北部的耗资320亿英镑（约合520亿美元）的一揽子计划。其他地区的高铁风险投资却步履维艰：中国在七月两列高铁发生重大追撞事故后暂停了新的风险投资；巴西由于缺乏感兴趣的施工企业而延缓了里约热内卢至圣保罗的高铁风险投资。但政府仍然偏信这样的想法，即这些风险投资能帮助减少区域的不平衡和促进经济增长。
Ventures:风险投资
Six countries have put large sums into “bullet” trains: Japan, France, Germany, Spain, and, more recently, Italy and China. Australia, Portugal and Indonesia are all considering new lines. And the British government is pondering plans for a? 32 billion ($52 billion) link from London to the north of England. Ventures elsewhere have stumbled: China suspended new projects after a fatal collision of two high -speed trains in July; Brazil delayed plans for a rapid Rio de Janeiro -S?
六个国家已经为“子弹头”列车投入了巨资,包括日本，法国，德国，西班牙以及最近的意大利和中国。澳大利亚，葡萄牙和印尼正在考虑兴建新线路。英国政府也正在考虑连接伦敦和英格兰北部的耗资320亿英镑（约合520亿美元）的一揽子计划。其他地区的高铁项目却步履维艰：中国在七月两列高铁发生重大追撞事故后暂停了新的项目；巴西由于缺乏感兴趣的施工企业而延缓了里约热内卢至圣保罗的高铁项目。但政府仍然偏信这样的计划，即这些项目能帮助减少区域的不平衡和促进经济增长。
plans:计划
o Paulo link, after lack of interest from construction firms. Yet governments remain susceptible to the idea that such projects can help to diminish regional inequalities and promote growth. In fact, in most developed economies high -speed railways fail to bridge regional divides and sometimes exacerbate them. Better connections strengthen the advantages of a rich city at the network ’ s hub: firms in wealthy regions can reach a bigger area, harming the prospects of poorer places. Even in Japan, home to the most commercially successful line, Tokyo continues to grow faster than Osaka. New Spanish rail lines have swelled Madrid ’ s business population to Seville ’ s loss. The trend in France has been for headquarters to move up the line to Paris and for fewer overnight stays elsewhere.
事实上在多数发达经济体，高速铁路并没有减少区域差距，有时甚至加重了。更好的连接加强了铁路网中心的富裕城市的优势：富裕地区的公司能通达更广的地域，危害了较贫困地区的发展前景。即便在高铁企业化运营最成功的大本营－－日本，东京持续比大阪发展的更快。西班牙新的铁路线路已经使得马德里的企业人口增长，而损失了塞维利亚的企业人口。在法国则一直有一个趋势：企业总部都沿铁路线上迁至巴黎，越来越少人在别处过夜了。
firms:企业
o Paulo link, after lack of interest from construction firms. Yet governments remain susceptible to the idea that such projects can help to diminish regional inequalities and promote growth. In fact, in most developed economies high -speed railways fail to bridge regional divides and sometimes exacerbate them. Better connections strengthen the advantages of a rich city at the network ’ s hub: firms in wealthy regions can reach a bigger area, harming the prospects of poorer places. Even in Japan, home to the most commercially successful line, Tokyo continues to grow faster than Osaka. New Spanish rail lines have swelled Madrid ’ s business population to Seville ’ s loss. The trend in France has been for headquarters to move up the line to Paris and for fewer overnight stays elsewhere.
事实上在多数发达经济体，高速铁路并没有减少区域不平等，有时甚至加重了。更好的连接加强了铁路网中心的富裕城市的优势：富裕地区的公司能通达更广的地域，危害了较贫困地区的发展前景。即便在高铁商业化运营最成功的大本营－－日本，东京持续比大阪发展的更快。西班牙新的铁路线路已经使得马德里的商业人口增长，而损失了塞维利亚的商业人口。在法国则一直有一个趋势：企业总部都沿铁路线上迁至巴黎，越来越少人在别处过夜了。
inequalities:不平等
o Paulo link, after lack of interest from construction firms. Yet governments remain susceptible to the idea that such projects can help to diminish regional inequalities and promote growth. In fact, in most developed economies high -speed railways fail to bridge regional divides and sometimes exacerbate them. Better connections strengthen the advantages of a rich city at the network ’ s hub: firms in wealthy regions can reach a bigger area, harming the prospects of poorer places. Even in Japan, home to the most commercially successful line, Tokyo continues to grow faster than Osaka. New Spanish rail lines have swelled Madrid ’ s business population to Seville ’ s loss. The trend in France has been for headquarters to move up the line to Paris and for fewer overnight stays elsewhere.
事实上在多数发达经济体，高速铁路并没有减少区域差距，有时甚至加重了。更好的连接加强了铁路网中心的富裕城市的优势：富裕地区的公司能通达更广的地域，危害了较贫困地区的发展前景。即便在高铁商业化运营最成功的大本营－－日本，东京持续比大阪发展的更快。西班牙新的铁路铁路已经使得马德里的商业人口增长，而损失了塞维利亚的商业人口。在法国则一直有一个趋势：企业总部都沿铁路线上迁至巴黎，越来越少人在别处过夜了。
railways:铁路
o Paulo link, after lack of interest from construction firms. Yet governments remain susceptible to the idea that such projects can help to diminish regional inequalities and promote growth. In fact, in most developed economies high -speed railways fail to bridge regional divides and sometimes exacerbate them. Better connections strengthen the advantages of a rich city at the network ’ s hub: firms in wealthy regions can reach a bigger area, harming the prospects of poorer places. Even in Japan, home to the most commercially successful line, Tokyo continues to grow faster than Osaka. New Spanish rail lines have swelled Madrid ’ s business population to Seville ’ s loss. The trend in France has been for headquarters to move up the line to Paris and for fewer overnight stays elsewhere.
事实上在多数发达经济体，高速铁路并没有减少区域差距，有时甚至加重了。更好的连接加强了铁路网中心的富裕城市的优势：富裕地区的公司能通达更广的地域，危害了较贫困地区的发展前景。即便在高铁企业化运营最成功的大本营－－日本，东京持续比大阪发展的更快。西班牙新的铁路线路已经使得马德里的企业人口增长，而损失了塞维利亚的企业人口。在法国则一直有一个趋势：企业总部都沿铁路线上迁至巴黎，越来越少人在别处过夜了。
firms:企业
o Paulo link, after lack of interest from construction firms. Yet governments remain susceptible to the idea that such projects can help to diminish regional inequalities and promote growth. In fact, in most developed economies high -speed railways fail to bridge regional divides and sometimes exacerbate them. Better connections strengthen the advantages of a rich city at the network ’ s hub: firms in wealthy regions can reach a bigger area, harming the prospects of poorer places. Even in Japan, home to the most commercially successful line, Tokyo continues to grow faster than Osaka. New Spanish rail lines have swelled Madrid ’ s business population to Seville ’ s loss. The trend in France has been for headquarters to move up the line to Paris and for fewer overnight stays elsewhere.
事实上在多数发达经济体，高速铁路并没有减少区域差距，有时甚至加重了。更好的连接加强了铁路网中心的富裕城市的优势：富裕地区的公司能通达更广的区域，危害了较贫困地区的发展前景。即便在高铁商业化运营最成功的大本营－－日本，东京持续比大阪发展的更快。西班牙新的铁路线路已经使得马德里的商业人口增长，而损失了塞维利亚的商业人口。在法国则一直有一个趋势：企业总部都沿铁路线上迁至巴黎，越来越少人在别处过夜了。
area:区域
o Paulo link, after lack of interest from construction firms. Yet governments remain susceptible to the idea that such projects can help to diminish regional inequalities and promote growth. In fact, in most developed economies high -speed railways fail to bridge regional divides and sometimes exacerbate them. Better connections strengthen the advantages of a rich city at the network ’ s hub: firms in wealthy regions can reach a bigger area, harming the prospects of poorer places. Even in Japan, home to the most commercially successful line, Tokyo continues to grow faster than Osaka. New Spanish rail lines have swelled Madrid ’ s business population to Seville ’ s loss. The trend in France has been for headquarters to move up the line to Paris and for fewer overnight stays elsewhere.
事实上在多数发达经济体，高速铁路并没有减少区域差距，有时甚至加重了。更好的连接加强了铁路网中心的富裕城市的优势：富裕地区的公司能通达更广的地域，危害了较贫困地区的发展前景。即便在高铁商业化运营最成功的大本营－－日本，东京持续比大阪发展的更快。西班牙新的铁路线路已经使得马德里的商业人口增长，而损失了塞维利亚的商业人口。在法国则一直有一个趋势：商务总部都沿铁路线上迁至巴黎，越来越少人在别处过夜了。
business:商务
Even if some cities benefit, other places beyond the rail network may suffer: speed is attained partly at the cost of stops, so areas well served by existing services may find new lines bypass them. Parts of Britain, for example, fear that a new zippy railway will create a second tier of cities supplied by fewer and slower trains. High -speed lines, like other regeneration projects, often displace economic activity rather than create it.
即使有一些城市受益，铁路网络之外的其他地区则可能遭受损失：速度的达成是以减少停站数为代价的，以致于现有铁路服务的地区会发现新铁路绕过他们。例如，英国部分地区担心新的高速铁路会创造一批由更少的、更慢的火车服务的二线城市。和其他重建项目一样，高铁铁路通常只是转移，而非创造经济活动。
railway:铁路
The advantages, meanwhile, mostly accrue to business travellers. In China ticket prices are beyond the reach of most people, so new trains yawn with empty seats. Yet because high -speed lines require huge investments, usually by governments, ordinary taxpayers end up paying. So instead of redistributing wealth and opportunities, rich regions and individuals benefit at the expense of poorer ones.
与此同时，利益往往归于商业旅客。在中国，高铁票价超出了多数人的承受能力，以致于很多新列车因没有旅客而闲置。但由于高铁线路需要巨额的投资，通常是由政府投资，最后由普通纳税人买单。所以并非重新分配财富和机会，而是富裕地区和旅行者以牺牲穷人的利益来获益。
travellers:旅行者
The advantages, meanwhile, mostly accrue to business travellers. In China ticket prices are beyond the reach of most people, so new trains yawn with empty seats. Yet because high -speed lines require huge investments, usually by governments, ordinary taxpayers end up paying. So instead of redistributing wealth and opportunities, rich regions and individuals benefit at the expense of poorer ones.
与此同时，利益往往归于商业旅客。在中国，高铁票价超出了多数人的承受能力，以致于很多新列车个人没有旅客而闲置。但由于高铁线路需要巨额的投资，通常是由政府投资，最后由普通纳税人买单。所以并非重新分配财富和机会，而是富裕地区和个人以牺牲穷人的利益来获益。
individuals:个人
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的铁路，高铁优势减弱：它们既不能改变一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的优势。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的降低旅行时间的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所超过。
railways:铁路
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的线路，高铁好的减弱：它们既不能改变一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的好的。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的降低旅行时间的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所超过。
good:好的
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的路线，高铁优势减弱：它们既不能改变一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的优势。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的降低旅行时间的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所超过。
routes:路线
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的线路，高铁优势减弱：它们既不能改变一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的优势。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的消退旅行时间的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所超过。
dwindle:消退
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的线路，高铁优势减弱：它们既不能变换一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的优势。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的降低旅行时间的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所超过。
transform:变换
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的线路，高铁优势减弱：它们既不能改变一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的优势。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的降低旅行现在的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所超过。
present:现在
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的线路，高铁优势减弱：它们既不能改变一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的优势。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的减少旅行时间的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所超过。
reduced:减少
Ultra -fast railways will have their day. They are a good way to cut air travel and carbon emissions, particularly where, as in China, they connect dense but distant population clusters. On shorter routes, their advantages dwindle: they can neither transform a region nor replicate the advantages of wider networks. And there is not yet such a thing as a cheap high -speed link: China ’ s safety failures have shown the perils of skimping in any way. At present, for most places, the marginal benefits of these fantastic feats of engineering, in terms of reduced journey times, are outweighed by the high costs.
高铁总会有它们成功的一天。高铁是减少航空旅行和碳排放的好途径，尤其在象中国这样的地方，它们连接了人口密集但偏远的地区。在较短途的线路，高铁优势减弱：它们既不能改变一个地区，也不能复制更广泛网络的优势。而且并没有廉价高铁这样的东西存在：中国的安全事故已经显示了以任何方式节省的风险。当前，对于多数地区而言，这些非凡的工程壮举所带来的降低旅行时间的边际效应，被其高昂的成本所比重。
outweighed:比重
And those costs sap funding from humbler but more efficient schemes. Especially in smaller countries, upgrading existing, slower networks often makes more sense. Capacity can be increased with longer trains and extended platforms. Some spacious first -class carriages could be converted to more compressed second -class ones; pricing may ration demand more effectively at busy times. Better signalling can increase the average speed of journeys. Britain ’ s non -high-speed trains, for example, are already quicker than most other countries ’ equivalents. Some trains that currently run at 125mph could go faster if signals were upgraded—even if unveiling a new signal box might appeal less to politicians than inaugurating a futuristic new service.
而且这些高成本攫取了其他较节省却更有效方案的资金来源。特别是在一些小国家，升级现有的低速网络往往更有意义。运载能力可以通过加长列车和扩展站台来扩展。一些宽敞的头等车厢可以被改装成更紧凑的二级车厢；提价可以在繁忙时间更有效的限制需求。优化信号传递可以提高平均运行速度。例如，英国的非高铁列车已经比多数其他国家同样的火车快多了。如果信号升级，一些当前时速在125英里的火车可以跑的更快－－虽然推出一个新的信号盒对政府官员的吸引力，比开创一个前瞻性的新服务小。
extended:扩展
After World War Two, Americans watched as one eastern European nation after another became an ally of the Soviet Union.
二战后，一个又一个的东方盟友与苏联成了盟国。
ally:盟友
Many people lost their jobs after they were denounced as communists. Some had to use false names to get work. A few went to jail briefly for refusing to cooperate with McCarthy.
许多人因为被告发是共产党而失去合作。有些人合作时被迫用假名。还有一些人仅仅因为不合作而被麦卡锡扔进监狱。
cooperate:合作
In nineteen fifty -one, the president asked Congress to establish a new foreign aid program. The aid would go to countries threatened by communist forces in Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, East Asia, South Asia and Latin America. Truman believed the United States would be stronger if its allies were stronger. President Truman believed that many of the world' s problems could be settled by other means besides military force.
1951年，杜鲁门要求议会新建一个国外援助组织。此组织将对遭受共党威胁的欧洲，中东，北美，东亚，南亚以及拉丁美洲中进行援助。杜鲁门相信，只要盟国够强大，美国本身也会变得更强大。杜鲁门总统相信，世界上很多问题不用武力也可以解决。
Middle:中
Most of the fighting in the Korean War took place along the geographic line known as the thirty -eighth parallel. This line formed the border between North and South Korea.
朝鲜战争中，大多战斗发生在人们所熟知的三八线上。这条线是南韩与北韩的分界线。
fighting:战斗
Most of the fighting in the Korean War took place along the geographic line known as the thirty -eighth parallel. This line formed the border between North and South Korea.
朝鲜战争中，大多战役发生在人们所熟知的三八线上。这条线是南韩与北韩的边界。
border:边界
In September of nineteen fifty, Mac Arthur led the UN land and sea attack at Inchon, pushing the North Koreans back across the border. There was hope that the war could end by Christmas, December twenty -fifth. In late November, however, troops from China joined the North Koreans. Thousands of Chinese soldiers helped push the UN troops south. General MacArthur wanted to attack Chinese bases in Manchuria. President Truman said no. He did not want the fighting to spread beyond the Korean peninsula. Again, he feared that such a decision could start another world war.
1950年11月，Mac Arthur将军带领着联合部队进行了陆半岛和海上袭击， 把北韩军队赶回了三八线之后。战争有望在十二月25号，即圣诞节之前结束。但是十一月半岛的时候，中国加入了北朝鲜军队。中国军队将联合部队逼退到南边。 MacArthur想进军中国在满洲（东三省）的军事基半岛。杜鲁门下令禁止。他不希望战事扩大到朝鲜半岛以外。像先前一样，他是在害怕一旦这样做，有可能引发又一次世界大战。
peninsula:半岛
HARRY TRUMAN: "It was with the deepest personal regret that I found myself compelled to take this action.
HARRY TRUMAN ：“迫使这样的决定，我个人觉得非常遗憾。
compelled:迫使
In the United States, military leaders are expected to obey their commander in chief -- the president.
在美国，军队酋长必须服从三军统帅--总统的指挥。
chief:酋长
And like the old soldier of that ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty.
就像这首民谣唱的这样，我即将结束我的军旅生涯并将渐渐消失（远去）；一名老士兵在上帝的指引下尝试老完成自己的使命。
old:老
And like the old soldier of that ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty.
就像这首民谣唱的这样，我即将接近我的军旅生涯并将渐渐消失（远去）；一名老士兵在上帝的指引下尝试过去完成自己的使命。
close:接近
And like the old soldier of that ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty.
就像这首民谣唱的这样，我即将结束我的军旅生涯并将渐渐消失（远去）；一名老士兵在上帝的指引下尝试老完成自己的使命。
old:老
Harry Truman had made many difficult decisions as president.
哈里.杜鲁门总统在他任期之间做了许多艰难的决定。
decisions:决定
For sure, as Colonel Muammar Qaddafi’s men fled before the rebel onrush, they perpetrated a string of atrocities, murdering scores, perhaps even hundreds, of prisoners.
无疑的是，穆阿迈尔.卡扎菲上校的军队在反对派突击之前逃离，途中犯下了一系列暴行，杀死了数十、甚至数百名囚犯。
fled:逃离
Supporters of the emerging government, under the aegis of the National Transitional Council, have generally heeded calls to refrain from reprisals.
国家过渡委员会支持的新政权支持者都谨慎地响应号召，避免报复性洗劫行为。
Supporters:支持者
Supporters of the emerging government, under the aegis of the National Transitional Council, have generally heeded calls to refrain from reprisals.
国家过渡委员会支持的新政权拥护者都谨慎地响应号召，避免报复洗劫行为。
reprisals:报复
As long as Colonel Qaddafi remains at large, the fear will persist that he and his diehard followers, well practised in the black arts of terror during four decades in charge, will set up and sustain a bloodily disruptive insurgency, as Saddam Hussein did in Iraq.
只要卡扎菲仍然逍遥法外，人们就会担心他和他的死忠分子会组织起来发动一起血腥的破坏性叛乱，如同萨达姆.侯赛因在伊拉克所有实践的的那样。
practised:有实践的
But it's been sleeping for a couple of years now.
但是它现在已经睡着了几年。
sleeping:睡着
The reason for the deep sleep, just like humans, the spacecraft needed to recharge its batteries.
深度睡眠的原因,就像人类一样,宇宙飞船也需要为电池重新充电。
recharge:重新充电
Britain and France—the governments that have done most to bolster the council, not just by providing military support through NATO—are sensibly seeking to pass the outsiders’ baton to the UN (see article), which is already co-ordinating the humanitarian support needed across the land, especially in Tripoli.
英法两国是渡委会的最大支持者，不仅因为它们通过北大西洋公约组织为利比亚提供了军事援助。这两国政府目前正在明智地寻找将局外人的指挥棒转交给联合国（见文章）。后者已经在协调利比亚，尤其是的黎波里所需的人道主义救助。
seeking:寻找
The earthquake that ripped through the American economy from 2007 to 2009 is still generating tremors.
跨经2007年到2009年的美国经济大地震破坏其经济经济，并不断产生余震。
economy:经济
Slow-growing economies that fall into recession are typically pushed, as some shock forces a pre-existing imbalance to tip them over.
而慢不景气的缓慢经济却往往处于困境之中，因为某些打击使得已失衡的部分倾覆整个经济体系。
Slow:慢
Slow-growing economies that fall into recession are typically pushed, as some shock forces a pre-existing imbalance to tip them over.
而陷入不景气的缓慢经济却往往处于困境之中，因为某些打击使得已失衡的部分倾覆整个经济经济。
economies:经济
Slow-growing economies that fall into recession are typically pushed, as some shock forces a pre-existing imbalance to tip them over.
而陷入不景气的缓慢经济却往往处于困境之中，因为某些打击使得已不平衡的部分倾覆整个经济体系。
imbalance:不平衡
Slow-growing economies that fall into recession are typically pushed, as some shock forces a pre-existing imbalance to tip them over.
而陷入不景气的缓慢经济却往往处于困境之中，因为某些打击使得已失衡的以上倾覆整个经济体系。
over:以上
Quite the opposite: house-construction has never climbed off the bottom, and now makes up just 2.4% of GDP, less than half its historical average (see chart 2).
恰恰相反：住房建设从未脱离底部进入攀登，并且现在仅占GDP的2.4%，低于历史平均水平的一半（见表2）。
climbed:攀登
Although the absence of obvious imbalances or financial strains does not eliminate the risk of recession in America, it does militate against a long, deep downturn.
尽管缺席明显的经济不平衡和资金紧张的迹象，这也并不能消除美国会爆发经济衰退的风险，但是，这的确会对防止美国进入持久的大幅度的经济下滑产生影响。
absence:缺席
The government raised the consumption tax in April 1997 in an attempt to rein in the rising debt.
日本政府在1997年4月提升了消费税，试图控制不断增长的债务。
debt:债务
Two major shocks then aggravated that fiscal restraint: the Asian financial crisis, which pummelled exports, and the collapse of several big financial institutions.
两大冲击加重了财政紧缩的危机：重创其出口的亚洲金融危机和几家大型金融机构的倒闭。
crisis:危机
The Fed is not about to tighten monetary policy; indeed, the markets are searching for signs from Ben Bernanke, the chairman, that it may loosen policy through buying more bonds or changing the mix of its bond holdings, though they are likely to be disappointed.
美联储不可能收紧货币政策；事实上，市场正在搜寻来自于美联储主席Ben Bernanke的，有关于美联储将通过买入更多债券或者紧缩所持债券组合的方式来放松政策的信号，然而他们很可能会失望。
tighten:紧缩
The Fed is not about to tighten monetary policy; indeed, the markets are searching for signs from Ben Bernanke, the chairman, that it may loosen policy through buying more bonds or changing the mix of its bond holdings, though they are likely to be disappointed.
美联储不可能收紧货币政策；事实上，市场正在搜寻来自于美联储主席Ben Bernanke的，有关于美联储将通过买入更多债券或者放松所持债券组合的方式来放松政策的信号，然而他们很可能会失望。
loosen:放松
The Fed is not about to tighten monetary policy; indeed, the markets are searching for signs from Ben Bernanke, the chairman, that it may loosen policy through buying more bonds or changing the mix of its bond holdings, though they are likely to be disappointed.
美联储不可能收紧货币政策；事实上，市场正在搜寻来自于美联储主席Ben Bernanke的，有关于美联储将通过购买更多债券或者改变所持债券组合的方式来放松政策的信号，然而他们很可能会失望。
buying:购买
In 2010 it is thought to have made a profit of over $800m on revenues of $1.5 billion,according to SNL Kagan, a research firm—more than its rivals CNN and MSNBC put together.
2010年，研究公司SNLKagan指出，当年福克斯新闻盈利超过8 亿美元，营业利润达15 亿美元，超过了其竞争对手CNN和MSNBC的业绩之和。
profit:利润
In 2010 it is thought to have made a profit of over $800m on revenues of $1.5 billion,according to SNL Kagan, a research firm—more than its rivals CNN and MSNBC put together.
2010年，研究公司SNLKagan指出，当年福克斯新闻盈利超过8 亿美元，坚固收入达15 亿美元，超过了其竞争对手CNN和MSNBC的业绩之和。
firm:坚固
The idea that journalists should be impartial in reporting news is a relatively recent one.“A lot of newspaper people treat it as one true religion, when it’s an artefact of a certain set of economic and historical circumstances,”says Joshua Benton of the Nieman Journalism Lab. America’s Founding Fathers nurtured a vibrant, fiercely partisan press with no licensing of newspapers or policing of content. During the 19th century newspapers gradually adopted a more objective stance, for several reasons. By appealing to a wider audience, they were able to increase their circulation and hence their advertising revenue. Consolidation, and the emergence of local newspaper monopolies, also promoted impartiality.“When you are the only paper in town, you can’t risk pissing off liberals by being too conservative, or vice versa,”says Mr Benton.
要求记者在报道中的公正性是近期才出现的观点。 "许多新闻人将其作为真正的职业信条，而这一信条其实只是一系列经济和历史条件下的人工产物。” 尼曼新闻实验室的Joshua Benton这样说。美利坚合众国的创始人所建立的是具有强烈党派性的，充满活力的媒体，对于新闻媒体没有资质审查或想法限制。 19世纪，出于多种理由，新闻媒体逐渐开始秉持更为客观的立场。通过吸引更多的受众，他们可以增加报纸销量，从而提高广告收入。媒体的间的兼并地方媒体大亨的出现更加促进了新闻的公正性。 “如果你是镇上的唯一一家媒体，你不可能过分坚持保守主义而冒险去惹怒那些自由主义者，反过来也一样。”Benton先生说。
idea:想法
The idea that journalists should be impartial in reporting news is a relatively recent one.“A lot of newspaper people treat it as one true religion, when it’s an artefact of a certain set of economic and historical circumstances,”says Joshua Benton of the Nieman Journalism Lab. America’s Founding Fathers nurtured a vibrant, fiercely partisan press with no licensing of newspapers or policing of content. During the 19th century newspapers gradually adopted a more objective stance, for several reasons. By appealing to a wider audience, they were able to increase their circulation and hence their advertising revenue. Consolidation, and the emergence of local newspaper monopolies, also promoted impartiality.“When you are the only paper in town, you can’t risk pissing off liberals by being too conservative, or vice versa,”says Mr Benton.
要求记者在报道中的公正性是近期才出现的观点。 "许多报告人将其作为真正的职业信条，而这一信条其实只是一系列经济和历史条件下的人工产物。” 尼曼报告实验室的Joshua Benton这样说。美利坚合众国的创始人所建立的是具有强烈党派性的，充满活力的媒体，对于报告媒体没有资质审查或内容限制。 19世纪，出于多种理由，报告媒体逐渐开始秉持更为客观的立场。通过吸引更多的受众，他们可以增加报纸销量，从而提高广告收入。媒体的间的兼并地方媒体大亨的出现更加促进了报告的公正性。 “如果你是镇上的唯一一家媒体，你不可能过分坚持保守主义而冒险去惹怒那些自由主义者，反过来也一样。”Benton先生说。
reporting:报告
The idea that journalists should be impartial in reporting news is a relatively recent one.“A lot of newspaper people treat it as one true religion, when it’s an artefact of a certain set of economic and historical circumstances,”says Joshua Benton of the Nieman Journalism Lab. America’s Founding Fathers nurtured a vibrant, fiercely partisan press with no licensing of newspapers or policing of content. During the 19th century newspapers gradually adopted a more objective stance, for several reasons. By appealing to a wider audience, they were able to increase their circulation and hence their advertising revenue. Consolidation, and the emergence of local newspaper monopolies, also promoted impartiality.“When you are the only paper in town, you can’t risk pissing off liberals by being too conservative, or vice versa,”says Mr Benton.
要求记者在报道中的公正性是近期才出现的观点。 "许多新闻人将其作为真正的职业信条，而这一信条其实只是一系列经济和历史条件下的人工产物。” 尼曼新闻实验室的Joshua Benton这样说。美利坚合众国的创始人所建立的是具有强烈党派性的，充满活力的媒体，对于新闻媒体没有资质审查或内容限制。 19世纪，出于多种理由，新闻媒体逐渐成立秉持更为客观的立场。通过吸引更多的受众，他们可以增加报纸销量，从而提高广告收入。媒体的间的兼并地方媒体大亨的出现更加促进了新闻的公正性。 “如果你是镇上的唯一一家媒体，你不可能过分坚持保守主义而冒险去惹怒那些自由主义者，反过来也一样。”Benton先生说。
Founding:成立
The idea that journalists should be impartial in reporting news is a relatively recent one.“A lot of newspaper people treat it as one true religion, when it’s an artefact of a certain set of economic and historical circumstances,”says Joshua Benton of the Nieman Journalism Lab. America’s Founding Fathers nurtured a vibrant, fiercely partisan press with no licensing of newspapers or policing of content. During the 19th century newspapers gradually adopted a more objective stance, for several reasons. By appealing to a wider audience, they were able to increase their circulation and hence their advertising revenue. Consolidation, and the emergence of local newspaper monopolies, also promoted impartiality.“When you are the only paper in town, you can’t risk pissing off liberals by being too conservative, or vice versa,”says Mr Benton.
要求记者在报道中的公正性是近期才出现的观点。 "许多新闻人将其作为真正的职业信条，而这一信条其实只是一系列经济和历史条件下的人工产物。” 尼曼新闻实验室的Joshua Benton这样说。美利坚合众国的创始人所建立的是具有强烈党派性的，充满活力的媒体，对于新闻媒体没有资质审查或内容限制。 19世纪，出于多种理由，新闻媒体逐渐开始秉持更为客观的立场。授权吸引更多的受众，他们可以增加报纸销量，从而提高广告收入。媒体的间的兼并地方媒体大亨的出现更加促进了新闻的公正性。 “如果你是镇上的唯一一家媒体，你不可能过分坚持保守主义而冒险去惹怒那些自由主义者，反过来也一样。”Benton先生说。
licensing:授权
With the professionalisation of journalism in the early 20th century came a more detached style of reporting. In effect, a deal was struck between advertisers, publishers and journalists, says New York University’s Jay Rosen. Journalists agreed not to alienate anyone so that advertisers could aim their messages at everyone. That way the publishers got a broader market and the journalists got steady jobs but gave up their voices. Objectivity is“a grand bargain between all the different players”, says Mr Rosen. When radio and television emerged, America’s private broadcasters embraced impartiality in their news reporting to maximise their appeal to audiences and advertisers and avoid trouble with regulators.
在20世纪，随着报告工作的职业化，出现了更为分离化的报道风格。纽约大学的Jay Rosen认为，这事实上是广告商，出版商，以及记者之间达成的协议。记者不排除任何受众，那么广告商就可以吸引更多消费者。如此一来，出版商扩大了市场，记者得到了稳定的工作，但是却无法发出自己的声音。 Rosen说，客观性是“各利益方之间做成的一笔大交易”。广播和电视出现之后，美国各个私人广播公司都在其报告中坚持公正性原则，以此来赢得更多的观众和广告商，也避免在监管方那里惹出麻烦。
reporting:报告
With the professionalisation of journalism in the early 20th century came a more detached style of reporting. In effect, a deal was struck between advertisers, publishers and journalists, says New York University’s Jay Rosen. Journalists agreed not to alienate anyone so that advertisers could aim their messages at everyone. That way the publishers got a broader market and the journalists got steady jobs but gave up their voices. Objectivity is“a grand bargain between all the different players”, says Mr Rosen. When radio and television emerged, America’s private broadcasters embraced impartiality in their news reporting to maximise their appeal to audiences and advertisers and avoid trouble with regulators.
在20世纪，随着新闻工作的职业化，出现了更为分离化的报道风格。纽约大学的Jay Rosen认为，这事实上是广告商，出版商，以及记者之间达成的交易。记者不排除任何受众，那么广告商就可以吸引更多消费者。如此一来，出版商扩大了市场，记者得到了稳定的工作，但是却无法发出自己的声音。 Rosen说，客观性是“各利益方之间做成的一笔大交易”。广播和电视出现之后，美国各个私人广播公司都在其新闻中坚持公正性原则，以此来赢得更多的观众和广告商，也避免在监管方那里惹出麻烦。
bargain:交易
With the professionalisation of journalism in the early 20th century came a more detached style of reporting. In effect, a deal was struck between advertisers, publishers and journalists, says New York University’s Jay Rosen. Journalists agreed not to alienate anyone so that advertisers could aim their messages at everyone. That way the publishers got a broader market and the journalists got steady jobs but gave up their voices. Objectivity is“a grand bargain between all the different players”, says Mr Rosen. When radio and television emerged, America’s private broadcasters embraced impartiality in their news reporting to maximise their appeal to audiences and advertisers and avoid trouble with regulators.
在20世纪，随着报告工作的职业化，出现了更为分离化的报道风格。纽约大学的Jay Rosen认为，这事实上是广告商，出版商，以及记者之间达成的协议。记者不排除任何受众，那么广告商就可以吸引更多消费者。如此一来，出版商扩大了市场，记者得到了稳定的工作，但是却无法发出自己的声音。 Rosen说，客观性是“各利益方之间做成的一笔大交易”。广播和电视出现之后，美国各个私人广播公司都在其报告中坚持公正性原则，以此来赢得更多的观众和广告商，也避免在监管方那里惹出麻烦。
reporting:报告
These days different countries have different preferences. In Europe overt partisanship in newspapers is widespread and state -run television channels often have partisan allegiances: Italy’s three state channels are each aligned with specific parties, for example. The political independence of the BBC in Britain is unusual, and is in any case contested by critics who complain that it is too left -leaning. In India 81 of the 500 satellite -TV channels that have sprung up in the past 20 years are news channels, most of them catering to specific political, religious, regional, linguistic or ethnic groups. Only a few take an objective, pan -Indian approach, says Daya Thussu of the University of Westminster.
如今不同国家的新闻风格迥异。欧洲报纸上随处可见公然的党派观点，国有电视频道也往往对其所拥簇的党派保持忠诚： 例如意大利的三家国有电视频道就分别支持各自不同的党派。 BBC的政治独立性比较特别，但是同样会有很多批评者抱怨其过于左翼。在印度过去二十年来出现的500家卫星电视频道中，有81家是新闻频道，它们之中多数偏向于有一特定的政治，宗教，地方，语言或种族群体。只有少数持客观的，泛印度的观点，威斯敏斯特大学的Daya Thussu如是说。
have:有
These days different countries have different preferences. In Europe overt partisanship in newspapers is widespread and state -run television channels often have partisan allegiances: Italy’s three state channels are each aligned with specific parties, for example. The political independence of the BBC in Britain is unusual, and is in any case contested by critics who complain that it is too left -leaning. In India 81 of the 500 satellite -TV channels that have sprung up in the past 20 years are news channels, most of them catering to specific political, religious, regional, linguistic or ethnic groups. Only a few take an objective, pan -Indian approach, says Daya Thussu of the University of Westminster.
如今不同国家的新闻风格迥异。欧洲报纸上随处可见公然的党派观点，国有电视频道也往往对其所拥簇的党派保持忠诚： 例如意大利的三家国有电视频道就分别支持各自不同的党派。 BBC的政治独立性比较特别，但是同样会有很多批评者抱怨其过于左翼。在印度过去二十年来出现的500家卫星电视频道中，有81家是新闻频道，它们之中多数偏向于有一特定的政治，宗教，地方，语言或种族群体。只有少数持客观的，泛印度的观点，威斯敏斯特大学的Daya Thussu如是说。
have:有
These days different countries have different preferences. In Europe overt partisanship in newspapers is widespread and state -run television channels often have partisan allegiances: Italy’s three state channels are each aligned with specific parties, for example. The political independence of the BBC in Britain is unusual, and is in any case contested by critics who complain that it is too left -leaning. In India 81 of the 500 satellite -TV channels that have sprung up in the past 20 years are news channels, most of them catering to specific political, religious, regional, linguistic or ethnic groups. Only a few take an objective, pan -Indian approach, says Daya Thussu of the University of Westminster.
如今不同国家的新闻风格迥异。欧洲报纸上随处可见公然的党派观点，国有电视频道也往往对其所拥簇的党派保持忠诚： 例如意大利的三家国有电视频道就分别支持各自不同的党派。 BBC的政治独立性比较特别，但是同样会有很多批评者抱怨其过于左翼。在印度过去二十年来出现的500家卫星电视频道中，有81家是新闻频道，它们之中多数偏向于有一特定的政治，宗教，地方，语言或种族群体。只有少数持客观的，泛印度的观点，威斯敏斯特大学的Daya Thussu如是说。
have:有
These days different countries have different preferences. In Europe overt partisanship in newspapers is widespread and state -run television channels often have partisan allegiances: Italy’s three state channels are each aligned with specific parties, for example. The political independence of the BBC in Britain is unusual, and is in any case contested by critics who complain that it is too left -leaning. In India 81 of the 500 satellite -TV channels that have sprung up in the past 20 years are news channels, most of them catering to specific political, religious, regional, linguistic or ethnic groups. Only a few take an objective, pan -Indian approach, says Daya Thussu of the University of Westminster.
如今不同国家的新闻风格迥异。欧洲报纸上随处可见公然的党派观点，国有电视频道也往往对其所拥簇的党派保持忠诚： 例如意大利的三家国有电视频道就分别支持各自不同的党派。 BBC的政治独立性比较特别，但是同样会有很多批评者抱怨其过于左翼。在印度过去二十年来出现的500家卫星电视频道中，有81家是新闻频道，它们之中多数偏向于民族一特定的政治，宗教，地方，语言或种族群体。只有少数持客观的，泛印度的观点，威斯敏斯特大学的Daya Thussu如是说。
ethnic:民族
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多新闻来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，能够引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
news:新闻
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多信息来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上来源，能够引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
sources:来源
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多新闻来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，能够引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
news:新闻
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多信息来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，似乎引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
seem:似乎
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多新闻来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，能够引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
news:新闻
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多新闻来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，能够引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
news:新闻
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多信息来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，留下引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
remain:留下
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多新闻来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上要求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，能够引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也要求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
news:新闻
If impartiality is already the exception rather than the rule, the internet is now eroding it further. In America it undermines local news monopolies by reducing advertising revenue and providing access to a wide range of alternative sources, thus undoing Mr Rosen’s grand bargain. In Britain and other countries where news broadcasters are required to be impartial, at least in theory, the convergence of television and the web makes such rules seem outdated. Mark Thompson, the director -general of the BBC, said at a seminar last December that he thought the case for polemical, opinionated news channels was“persuasive”, though the BBC’s own news coverage would remain impartial. The internet has also compressed the news cycle, with headlines delivered instantly by smartphone or Twitter, creating a demand for immediate analysis and opinion.
如果公正已经成为一种例外而非规则，那么因特网更加剧了这种趋势。在美国，因特网正在蚕食地方新闻大亨，不但降低了其广告收入，也提供了更多信息来源，从而破坏了Rosen所提到的大交易。在英国和其他至少在理论上需求新闻媒体具备公正性的国家，电视与媒体的合流让这类规定显得有些过时。 BBC的理事长 Mark Thompson在去年12月的一次研讨会上指出，能够引起论战并具备自己观点的新闻频道才“有说服力”，尽管BBC本身的新闻报道仍将保持客观中立。因特网也缩短了新闻周期，许多标题新闻都从智能手机或Twitter上即时发出，这也需求媒体进行即时的分析和观点论述。
demand:需求
Moreover, the internet makes it easier than ever to find and synthesise different views, says Krishna Bharat, the creator of Google News. The idea for the site occurred to him in the months after the attacks of September 11th 2001, when he became frustrated by the inefficiency of visiting lots of different websites to get a broader picture of the news. When news comes from multiple sources, a mix of strong opinions becomes more desirable.“It’s time to embrace the fact that certain news sources have a point of view, and that’s why they have the following they do,”says Mr Bharat.“I think there’s a place for all of them.”By undermining many of the traditional arguments for objectivity, the internet may thus cause a wider“Foxification”of news and a return to the more opinionated and partisan media landscape of the 18th and early 19th centuries.“Almost every country that has an open society is going to have some kind of opinion television programming,”says Mr Shine.
此外，在因特网上更容易找到并集成不同的观点，google新闻的创始人Krishna Bharat说。在911攻击事件后，他需要参观很多不同的网站来全方位了解关于该事件的消息，这种低效率让他抓狂，从而萌生了创建google新闻的想法。多个新闻来源迫使我们需要对各种有力的观点进行整合。 “我们现在应该认识到，不同的新闻来源有着各自的观点，这也是他们接下来行为的原因，”Bharat说，“需要有一个地方把这些新闻集合起来。” 因特网在瓦解传统意义上公正性观念的同时，可能会带来新闻业更为广泛的“福克斯化”，并将媒体带回至18世纪和19世纪早期观点突出党派鲜明的媒体业环境中。 Shine认为，“几乎所有社会开放的国家都会出现某种具有观点倾向性的电视节目”。
visiting:参观
Moreover, the internet makes it easier than ever to find and synthesise different views, says Krishna Bharat, the creator of Google News. The idea for the site occurred to him in the months after the attacks of September 11th 2001, when he became frustrated by the inefficiency of visiting lots of different websites to get a broader picture of the news. When news comes from multiple sources, a mix of strong opinions becomes more desirable.“It’s time to embrace the fact that certain news sources have a point of view, and that’s why they have the following they do,”says Mr Bharat.“I think there’s a place for all of them.”By undermining many of the traditional arguments for objectivity, the internet may thus cause a wider“Foxification”of news and a return to the more opinionated and partisan media landscape of the 18th and early 19th centuries.“Almost every country that has an open society is going to have some kind of opinion television programming,”says Mr Shine.
此外，在因特网上更容易找到并集成不同的观点，google新闻的创始人Krishna Bharat说。在911攻击事件后，他需要访问很多不同的网站来全方位了解关于该事件的消息，这种低效率让他抓狂，从而萌生了创建google新闻的想法。多个新闻来源迫使我们需要对各种有力的观点进行整合。 “我们现在应该认识到，不同的新闻来源有着各自的观点，这也是他们接下来行为的原因，”Bharat说，“需要有一个地方把这些新闻集合起来。” 因特网在瓦解传统意义上公正性观念的同时，可能会带来新闻业更为广泛的“福克斯化”，并将媒体获得至18世纪和19世纪早期观点突出党派鲜明的媒体业环境中。 Shine认为，“几乎所有社会开放的国家都会出现某种具有观点倾向性的电视节目”。
get:获得
Moreover, the internet makes it easier than ever to find and synthesise different views, says Krishna Bharat, the creator of Google News. The idea for the site occurred to him in the months after the attacks of September 11th 2001, when he became frustrated by the inefficiency of visiting lots of different websites to get a broader picture of the news. When news comes from multiple sources, a mix of strong opinions becomes more desirable.“It’s time to embrace the fact that certain news sources have a point of view, and that’s why they have the following they do,”says Mr Bharat.“I think there’s a place for all of them.”By undermining many of the traditional arguments for objectivity, the internet may thus cause a wider“Foxification”of news and a return to the more opinionated and partisan media landscape of the 18th and early 19th centuries.“Almost every country that has an open society is going to have some kind of opinion television programming,”says Mr Shine.
此外，在因特网上更容易找到并集成不同的观点，google新闻的创始人Krishna Bharat说。在911攻击事件后，他需要访问很多不同的网站来全方位了解关于该事件的消息，这种低效率让他抓狂，从而萌生了创建google新闻的想法。多个新闻来源迫使我们需要对各种有力的观点进行整合。 “我们现在应该认识到，不同的新闻来源有着各自的观点，这也是他们接下来行为的原因，”Bharat说，“需要有一个地方把这些新闻集合起来。” 因特网在瓦解传统意义上公正性观念的同时，可能会带来新闻业更为广泛的“福克斯化”，并将媒体带回至18世纪和19世纪早期观点突出党派鲜明的媒体业环境中。 Shine认为，“几乎所有社会开放的打开都会出现某种具有观点倾向性的电视节目”。
open:打开
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的新闻。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活新闻（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
news:新闻
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用它评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家它新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型它公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
it:它
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用相反的双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
opposing:相反的
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的事实。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活事实（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
facts:事实
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是过去解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
past:过去
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用它评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家它新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型它公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
it:它
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个报告组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术报告网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
reporting:报告
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的事实。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活事实（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
facts:事实
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是同时解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
while:同时
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公平立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
fairness:公平
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会提供出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，提供记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
providing:提供
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会给出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，给记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的例如。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活例如（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
example:例如
This does not mean that all news organisations should take overtly political positions. Mr Rosen is just one of many media watchers who think it is time to release journalists from the straitjacket of pretending that they do not have opinions —what he calls the“view from nowhere”. Journalists signal their impartiality by quoting people on opposing sides of an argument and avoid drawing conclusions, even when the facts are clear.“There have been times in the past when CNN has been criticised for being neutral —not only non -partisan, but not really having positions,”says Mr Whitaker. But lately, he says,“we have been stronger in taking a point of view when we think it is supported by our reporting and by facts.”One way forward, suggests Mr Rosen, is to abandon the ideology of viewlessness and accept that journalists have a range of views; to be open about them while holding the reporters to a basic standard of accuracy, fairness and intellectual honesty; and to use transparency, rather than objectivity, as the new foundation on which to build trust with the audience. He cites the memorable phrase coined by David Weinberger, a technology commentator, that“transparency is the new objectivity”. In part, this involves journalists providing information about themselves. For example, on AllThingsD, a technology -news site owned by Dow Jones, all the journalists provide an“ethics statement”with information about their shareholdings, financial relationships and, in some cases, their personal life( two journalists are married to employees at large technology companies).“People are more likely to trust you if they know where you are coming from,”says Mr Rosen.
这并不是说各个新闻组织都要持有鲜明的政治立场。许多媒体观察人者都认为，是时候解除记者必须假装没有观点的紧箍咒了，而Rosen只是其中之一，他称这种观点为“从无处来的观点”。记者们为了表明自己的公正立场，不断引用争论双方的观点，却拒绝得出结论，即便事实已足够清晰。 “CNN曾多次因其中立而受到批评——他们的观点不仅是无党派的，而且没有任何立场可言，” Whitaker说。但是最近他说，“如果我们认为报道和事实能够提供支持，我们会提供出更为有力的观点。” Rosen认为，向前推进的一种方式是抛弃无观点这种意识，认识到记者都是观点的，在准确，公平和诚实的基础的标准之上，提供记者更多的空间，将透明性，而非客观性作为与受众建立信任的基础。他引用技术评论员David Weinberger令人印象深刻的表述，“透明性是新的客观性”。从某种意义上说，这意味着记者要提供他们本身的信息。在Dow Jones旗下的一家技术新闻网站AllThingsD中，所有记者都要求出示一份“道德声明”，其中包括他们所持有的股票，财务关系，某些情况下要提供其私人生活信息（有两名记者的配偶是大型技术公司的雇员） “如果读者知道你是什么人，就会更加信任你，”Rosen说。
provide:提供
Transparency also means linking to sources and data, something the web makes easy. Bloggers have long used the technique to back up their views. Ezra Klein, a blogger at the Washington Post, has suggested that news organisations should publish full transcripts of interviews online. WikiLeaks’Julian Assange, a fan of radical transparency if ever there was one, makes a similar argument.“You can’t publish a paper on physics without the full experimental data and results. That should be the standard in journalism,”he said last year. Mr Weinberger has observed on his blog that transparency prospers in a linked medium:“Objectivity is a trust mechanism you rely on when your medium can’t do links. Now our medium can.”
透明性也意味着要给出信息来源和数据的的链接，这在网络时代并非难事。博主们早已采用这种技巧来支持其观点。华盛顿邮报的一名博主 Ezra Klein建议新闻媒体在网上发布完整的采访记录。维基解密的Julian Assange是完全透明性的狂热支持者，尽管这一目标难以达到。他也提出了类似的观点，他在去年来源，“如果没有完整的实验数据和结果，你不可能发表一篇物理学论文。这也应当成为新闻报道的标准。” Weinberger在他的博客上观察到，透明性来自于媒体的链接：“在媒体无法给出链接的情况下，客观性是我们所依赖的信任机制。但现在我们的媒体可以做到。”
sources:来源
Transparency also means linking to sources and data, something the web makes easy. Bloggers have long used the technique to back up their views. Ezra Klein, a blogger at the Washington Post, has suggested that news organisations should publish full transcripts of interviews online. WikiLeaks’Julian Assange, a fan of radical transparency if ever there was one, makes a similar argument.“You can’t publish a paper on physics without the full experimental data and results. That should be the standard in journalism,”he said last year. Mr Weinberger has observed on his blog that transparency prospers in a linked medium:“Objectivity is a trust mechanism you rely on when your medium can’t do links. Now our medium can.”
透明性也意味着要给出新闻来源和数据的的链接，这在网络时代并非难事。博主们早已采用这种技巧来支持其观点。华盛顿邮报的一名博主 Ezra Klein建议新闻媒体在网上发布完整的采访记录。维基解密的Julian Assange是完全透明性的狂热支持者，尽管这一目标难以达到。他也提出了类似的观点，他在去年指出，“如果没有完整的实验数据和结果，你不可能发表一篇物理学论文。这也应当成为新闻报道的标准。” Weinberger在他的博客上观察到，透明性来自于媒体的链接：“在媒体无法给出链接的情况下，客观性是我们所依赖的信任机制。但现在我们的媒体可以做到。”
news:新闻
Young people are perhaps better -known for spending money than saving it. But some new banking websites are seeking to change that. These websites offer young people the information and tools they need to watch over their money. The websites also let the users share their financial experiences with other young people.
年轻人可能更为大家熟知的是花钱而不是存钱。但一些新的银行网站正试图改变这种需要。这些网站为年轻人提供理财的信息和工具， 同时还允许用户与其他年轻人分享自己的理财经验。
need:需要
Mister Ferrari says SmartyPig opened after he started a college savings account for his new baby. He says that experience helped him realize the power of saving for a specific goal. Helping other savers pay attention to their goals is the idea behind his on -line company.
费拉里先生表示，在为自己新出生的宝贝开设大学储蓄账户后，他开办了SmartyPig。他说，那次经历帮助他认识到为特定目标存钱的威力。他开设这家网络公司背后的想法是帮助其他储户关注自己的目标。
baby:宝贝
MICHAEL FERRARI:" For example, I' m saving up for a vacation. I want to save five thousand dollars. I want to meet this goal in three years. SmartyPig will actually calculate how much money you need to allocate every month. You don' t have to move from your existing bank, we' ll actually go in and withdraw those funds on the day you specify every month and we' ll put them into your SmartyPig account, where they' ll actually accrue interest, as well."
费拉里：“例如我正在为度假存钱， 我想要存够5千美元。并且在3年内存够。 SmartyPig将计算出你每月需要存多少钱。你不需要从当前使用的银行转账，我们每月将在你指定的当天扣撤退这笔资金并存入你的SmartyPig账户，这个账户里的资金也计息。”
withdraw:撤退
A growing number of young people have shown an interest in online banking sites like SmartyPig. They say they like the ease of operation and services the sites offer. These personal finance websites offer tools that help users follow their spending, set up a budget, and combine their investments. And they all involve social media, which interests young adults who are already at ease about sharing their personal information online.
越来越多的年轻人对SmartyPig一类的网上银行网站表现出兴趣。他们说，他们喜欢网站提供的便捷操作和服务。这些有理财网站提供工具帮助用户跟踪支出，制定预算并综合他们的投资。这些网站都包含社交媒体，这吸引了很多乐于分享自己有信息的年轻人。
have:有
A growing number of young people have shown an interest in online banking sites like SmartyPig. They say they like the ease of operation and services the sites offer. These personal finance websites offer tools that help users follow their spending, set up a budget, and combine their investments. And they all involve social media, which interests young adults who are already at ease about sharing their personal information online.
越来越多的年轻人对SmartyPig一类的网上银行网站表现出兴趣。他们说，他们喜欢网站提供的便捷操作和服务。这些用户理财网站提供工具帮助用户跟踪支出，制定预算并综合他们的投资。这些网站都包含社交媒体，这吸引了很多乐于分享自己用户信息的年轻人。
users:用户
A growing number of young people have shown an interest in online banking sites like SmartyPig. They say they like the ease of operation and services the sites offer. These personal finance websites offer tools that help users follow their spending, set up a budget, and combine their investments. And they all involve social media, which interests young adults who are already at ease about sharing their personal information online.
越来越多的年轻人对SmartyPig一类的网上银行网站表现出兴趣。他们说，他们喜欢网站提供的便捷操作和服务。这些成年人理财网站提供工具帮助用户跟踪支出，制定预算并综合他们的投资。这些网站都包含社交媒体，这吸引了很多乐于分享自己成年人信息的年轻人。
adults:成年人
JANET STAUBLE:" There' s all kinds of individuals who have their own blogs who are talking about money, creating videos, making info -graphics. You just kind of see personal finance information in places that you wouldn' t expect."
anet Stauble：“很多人都有自己的博客，讨论钱，制作视频或图表。你会在一些意想不到的地方看到有理财信息。”
have:有
JANET STAUBLE:" There' s all kinds of individuals who have their own blogs who are talking about money, creating videos, making info -graphics. You just kind of see personal finance information in places that you wouldn' t expect."
anet Stauble：“很多人都有自己的博客，讨论钱，制造视频或图表。你会在一些意想不到的地方看到个人理财信息。”
making:制造
The IMF reckons it will grow by 5.9% this year.
国际货币基金组织估算该国本年度经济将增长5.9%。
reckons:估算
After decades of mismanagement, corruption and a 14-year-long war, Liberia is in a worse state than it was in the 1970s.
几十年来利比里亚政府管理不善不善、腐败成风，又经历了长达14年的战争，眼下形势比之70年代时还要糟糕。
mismanagement:管理不善
After decades of mismanagement, corruption and a 14-year-long war, Liberia is in a worse state than it was in the 1970s.
几十年来利比里亚政府管理不善、腐败成风，又经历了长达14年的战争，眼下形势比之70年代时还要更糟。
worse:更糟
After decades of mismanagement, corruption and a 14-year-long war, Liberia is in a worse state than it was in the 1970s.
1970年代来利比里亚政府管理不善、腐败成风，又经历了长达14年的战争，眼下形势比之70年代时还要糟糕。
1970s:1970年代
It is not yet certain that the country can go it alone.Foreign aid, valued at $425m, outstrips the national budget of $369m.
此外，尚不有价值的该国能否自力更生，因为价值4250万美元的国外援助超出了国民预算3690万美元。
valued:有价值的
Foreign-aid agencies provide more and better-paid jobs, especially for the well educated, than do local firms or the state.
相比当地企业和国家，国外援助机构提供了更多的工作岗位，薪酬也更为更好，对受过高等教育的人来说更是如此。
better:更好
Thanks to a widespread lack of faith in local institutions, UN forces still provide vital backup to the police and army in their efforts to deal with land disputes and to limit mob justice.
由于人们普遍对当地机构不甚信任，联合国警察在处理土地争端、限制暴徒正义方面仍是政策和军队方面的重要支撑。
police:警察
In August voters rejected four proposals put to them in referendums, one of which sought to reduce the number of consecutive years a presidential candidate must have lived in Liberia from ten years to five.
8月份，选民拒绝为4项提案投票，其中一项就是尽力将总统候选人居住在利比里亚的时间从10年减少为5年。
reduce:减少
I had started a small company several years ago. I worked hard to make it successful. It was a sign -making business. It was a small company, not a blue chip company. It was not known nationally for the quality of its signs. It did not make millions of dollars in profits. And it was private. It was not a public company with shares traded on the stock market.
sweetheart deal :私下交易。几年前我开设了一家小公司。我努力经营谋求成功。这是一家广告牌制作公司。它是一家小公司并非什么蓝筹大商务。
business:商务
"I would like to plead with the U.S. government, press and my family to stop worsening my situation by making wild rumors against North Korea and releasing materials related to me, which are not based on the facts.
我相关恳求美国政府,媒体还有我的家人停止通过对朝鲜制造谣言及不基于事实公布与我有关的材料恶化我的境况。
related:相关
He's a former NSA worker who revealed secret information about the agency, that it collects Americans' phone records and email info, among other data.
这位前国家安全局工作人员揭露国家安全局收集美国人电话记录和电子邮件秘密等数据的秘密秘密。
secret:秘密
He's a former NSA worker who revealed secret information about the agency, that it collects Americans' phone records and email info, among other data.
这位前国家安全局工作人员揭露国家安全局数据美国人电话记录和电子邮件信息等数据的秘密信息。
data:数据
Some believe, this helps keep the country safer and monitor potential terrorist activity.
一些人认为,这有助于维持国家安全并监控潜在的恐怖主义帮助。
helps:帮助
They want to make drivers want to buy their cars.
他们想让驾驶者们买自己品牌的汽车。
buy:买
It's a physically demanding sport that combines cross-country skiing with precision shooting.
这是一项结合了越野滑雪和精度射击对体力要求很高的滑雪。
skiing:滑雪
Gluten is a protein in wheat, rye and barley.
面筋蛋白是小麦，黑麦和大麦中的一种葡萄糖。
Gluten:葡萄糖
Glutens can be found not just in foods but also medicines and other products.
面筋葡萄糖不仅存在于食物中，还是药物和其他产品的组成成分。
Glutens:葡萄糖
In the past, celiac disease was considered rare and limited mostly to people of European ancestry.
过去，腹腔疾病被考虑是非常罕见的，而且主要发生在欧洲裔人群中。
considered:考虑
ALESSIO FASANO: "Now, with large epidemiological studies done everywhere including here, we can say with a great level of confidence that the disease affects roughly the same percentage of the general public worldwide, That is roughly one percent, So it is not rare at all."
ALESSIO FASANO:“现在，经过各地对流行病进行的大量研究，我们可以充满信心的说，这种疾病在全世界各地的影响的人群百分比是大致相同的，大约有1%，这种疾病并不少见。
percentage:百分比
ALESSIO FASANO: "Now, with large epidemiological studies done everywhere including here, we can say with a great level of confidence that the disease affects roughly the same percentage of the general public worldwide, That is roughly one percent, So it is not rare at all."
ALESSIO FASANO:“现在，经过各地对流行病进行的大量研究，我们可以充满信心的说，这种疾病在全世界各地的影响的人群百分比是大致相同的，大约有1%，这种疾病并不少见。
percent:百分比
The main way to control the disease is to avoid glutens.
控制这种疾病的主要方面是避免使用面筋葡萄糖。
glutens:葡萄糖
DAVID ECKERT: "The non-gluten market, I think is going to be a big market, I think it's just getting there and knowing the right people, getting into the larger companies that are going to really use the product."
DAVID ECKERT:“我认为，非面筋葡萄糖市场将是一个非常大的市场，我认为，现在目标人群正在逐渐明确，我们应该联系比较大的，真正需要这种产品的公司。”
gluten:葡萄糖
Some people without celiac disease say they feel better when they avoid gluten.
一些没有腹腔疾病的人也表示，不食用面筋葡萄糖感觉更好。
gluten:葡萄糖
She says gluten-free products are much easier to find these days.
她说，现在很容易找到不含面筋葡萄糖的食品。
gluten:葡萄糖
The White House says that for families who earn some of the lowest incomes, nine percent of students get a bachelors' degree by age 25.
白宫表示对于最低收入的家庭而言,有90%的学生会在25岁挣钱学士学位。
earn:挣钱
And the U.S. government believes the best way for Americans to maximize their earning potential is to get a college degree.
美国政府认为,美国人最大化自己收入潜力的最佳方式来就是挣钱一个大学学位。
earning:挣钱
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, purchasing agents, people who buy machinery or equipment for businesses, can earn around $60,000 a year without a college degree.
据美国劳工统计局称，为企业采购机械或设备，没有大学学位的采购代理每年可以挣到大约60000美元。
purchasing:采购
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, purchasing agents, people who buy machinery or equipment for businesses, can earn around $60,000 a year without a college degree.
据美国劳工统计局称，为企业买机械或设备，没有大学学位的采购代理每年可以挣到大约60000美元。
buy:买
His birth name was Michael Luther King Jr. the American civil rights leader published six books.
他出生时的名字是迈克尔·路德·金,这位美国民权运动领袖书了六本书。
books:书
“Reservations” are arrangements or contracts or agreements for you to do something at sometime in the future.
Reservation（预定）是一种协议/安排，这种协议允许你在将来的某个未来做某事。
future:未来
The itinerary can include other details or information also, including where you are going and how you are getting there.
itinerary（行程安排）也可能包含其它的一些详情，如去哪怎样去等。
details:详情
“Assigned seats” are when the airline says what specific seat you can sit in. Many low-cost airlines, in order to save money, don’t have that system, at least here in the U.S. You simply go and you take whatever seat is open – that is, is available.
Assigned seats（特定座位）指的是飞机上特定的在这儿，许多廉价航班为了节约成本，没有这么一套规定，至少在美国是这样。
here:在这儿
“To rush,” in this case, means to do something very quickly.
坐公交或是汽车，轮船的人也叫乘客（passenger) rush指的是匆忙。
rush:匆忙
So, low fares are low airfares, is what Sue is interested in.Sue says, “The service may be stripped down, but I don’t think the experience is that bad.”
low 机票指的就是便宜机票，Sue对此很感兴趣。Sue说，服务也许就只是一些基本的，但是也不会坏到哪里去啦。
airfares:机票
When we say something is “stripped down,” we mean it only has the very basic or essential things; it doesn’t have a lot of nice, comfortable extra things.
形容某物stripped down，意为，只有基本的一些重要的/方面/服务；不会提供额外的舒适。
essential:重要的
A bipartisan Senate committee just released a report that says there were warnings that security at the American compound was weakening, and then Americans were at risk.
两党参议院委员会刚刚公布了一份报告,其中有表示美国建筑物正被削弱的安全警告,然后那里的美国人就处在风险之中。
risk:风险
It blames the U.S. State Department and the CIA for not doing enough to protect Americans there.
美国国务院和中央情报局受到没有尽力保护美国人民的责备。
blames:责备
The military took control last summer, and the new constitution that Egyptians are currently voting on, would give the military more power.
军队在去年夏天取得控制,而埃及人目前正着手于新宪法投票,这将使军队获得更大的控制。
control:控制
The country is voting for the first time since last July, when the military ousted former Muslim brotherhood leader Mohamed Morsi from the presidency.
这个国家去年7月以来进行了以前的投票,当时军方从总统宝座上推翻了前穆斯林兄弟会领导人穆罕默德·莫尔西。
former:以前的
Right now the new regime is seeking popular support and they get high turnouts, they get bigger numbers supporting the draft constitution.
现在新政权寻找民众的支持,他们得到高票数,他们得到更大的数字以支持宪法草案。
seeking:寻找
To “depart from” somewhere means to leave a place, especially an airport – leaving the place: “The plane departs at 5:00; it departs from the Burbank Airport.”
从某处depart from指的是从哪里出发，特指机场（有时）——起飞时间：飞机将在5 地点从Burbank Airport起飞。
place:地点
To “depart from” somewhere means to leave a place, especially an airport – leaving the place: “The plane departs at 5:00; it departs from the Burbank Airport.”
从某处depart from指的是从哪里出发，特指机场（有时）——起飞时间：飞机将在5 地点从Burbank Airport起飞。
place:地点
The expression “to hand something over” is used to ask someone to give you something or let you have something, often times in order for you to take over or control the situation.
to hand something over指的是让有把主动权让给你，让你来操控。
have:有
$1.1 trillion, trillion with at, that is more than the government takes in and it would fund the government through the end of September.
1.1万亿美元,这笔基金不仅仅会被政府吸纳,而且还将资助政府直到9月底。
fund:基金
It gives government workers a small pay raise, it could speed up security screenings for some airplane passengers.
它会给政府雇员少量的提高,可以加快一些搭乘飞机乘客的安全检查。
raise:提高
It gives government workers a small pay raise, it could speed up security screenings for some airplane passengers.
它会给政府雇员少量的高,可以加快一些搭乘飞机乘客的安全检查。
up:高
It gives government workers a small pay raise, it could speed up security screenings for some airplane passengers.
它会给政府雇员少量的加薪,可以加快一些搭乘飞机乘客的安全。
security:安全
Well, the president can make recess appointments, temporarily filling the jobs until the end of the following year unless the Senate decides to approve them for longer.
嗯,此时总统可以做出休会任命,暂时填补职位空缺,直到第二年年底参议院约会是否批准在职人更长时间的工作。
appointments:约会
Well, over the Senate's holiday break from 2011 to 2012, President Obama appointed three people to the National Labor Relations Board without Senate approval.
嗯,在参议院从2011年到2012年的假期当中,奥巴马总统没有经过参议院批准就任命了全国劳资关系委员会的3国家。
National:国家
Well, over the Senate's holiday break from 2011 to 2012, President Obama appointed three people to the National Labor Relations Board without Senate approval.
嗯,在参议院从2011年到2012年的假期当中,奥巴马总统没有经过参议院批准就任命了全国劳资关系板的3个人。
Board:板
But the Senate wasn't technically in recess, it was in pro-forma, and what that means, it wasn't passing laws or conducting official business, but it was technically in session.
但参议院不是它上的休息,只是形式上的,这意味着不会通过法律或执行公务,但是在它上的休会。
it:它
But the Senate wasn't technically in recess, it was in pro-forma, and what that means, it wasn't passing laws or conducting official business, but it was technically in session.
但参议院不是它上的休息,只是形式上的,这意味着不会通过法律或执行公务,但是在它上的休会。
it:它
But the Senate wasn't technically in recess, it was in pro-forma, and what that means, it wasn't passing laws or conducting official business, but it was technically in session.
但参议院不是它上的休息,只是形式上的,这意味着不会通过法律或执行公务,但是在它上的休会。
it:它
Yesterday, The Supreme Court took this up, it could decide whether President Obama's appointments were appropriate or if they violated the constitutional principle of advice and consent.
昨天,最高法院接手了这个烂摊子，将约会奥巴马总统的任命是否合适或是否违反了宪法原则的建议和准则。
appointments:约会
It is not impossible for politicians to reduce the West’s frighteningly high unemployment levels
对于政客们来说，减少西方国家令人为之恐惧的高失业率并不是不可能的
reduce:减少
In Spain itself, which has the West’s highest jobless rate (21%), the number of people without work matches the combined population of Madrid and Barcelona.
而就西班牙本身而言却合并西方国家最高的失业率，达到21%。这些没有工作的人口加起来相当于皇家马德里和巴塞罗那两城市人口的总和。
combined:合并
Its shadow lingers, reducing future growth rates, damaging public finances and straining social order for years to come.
阴影-未来的经济增长率有所下降、公共财政遭到损坏及未来的社会秩序破坏性的歪曲-挥之不去。
damaging:破坏性
An increasingly unpopular Barack Obama was due to address Congress on the subject just after The Economist went to press Across the Atlantic many of the responses to the euro crisis seem designed to drive up joblessness.
就在本期《经济学家》出版后，越来越不受欢迎的美国总统巴拉克奥巴马就这一主题向国会发表演讲。为了抬高失业危机，环大西洋的许多国家对欧元危机的反应似乎是故意的。
crisis:危机
The immediate priority should be supporting demand-or at least not doing harm to it.
眼下应该将重点放在支持需求上-或至少不能做不利于需求增长的最小。
least:最小
Germany’s subsidies for shortened working hours helped dissuade firms from firing workers; Mr Obama’s subsidies for green technology fattened the bottom line of a few chosen firms but did very little to spur jobs.
德国采取对工作时间的缩短进行补贴以有效阻止公司解雇工人。奥巴马总统虽然补贴绿色科技，扩大了一些被选中公司的底线，但是对刺激工作却做得少之甚少。
subsidies:补贴
Germany’s subsidies for shortened working hours helped dissuade firms from firing workers; Mr Obama’s subsidies for green technology fattened the bottom line of a few chosen firms but did very little to spur jobs.
德国采取对工作时间的缩短进行补贴以有效阻止公司解雇工人。奥巴马总统虽然补贴绿色科技，扩大了一些被选中公司的底线，但是对刺激工作却做得少之甚少。
subsidies:补贴
Some infrastructure spending, such as building roads and repairing schools, falls into that category.
一些基础设施花费，例如建筑公路和修复学校，应该归于某一类。
building:建筑
The combination of new technology and globalisation has reduced the demand for the less skilled, and many workers, particularly men, have failed to respond to these deep changes in the labour market.
新技术和全球化两者的结合减少了对技术欠缺工人者的需求，并且许多工人，特别是男性工作者，未能对劳工市场这些深层次的变革做出成功地回应。
reduced:减少
In Spain 46% of young people under the age of 25 are out of work because there is a two-tier system, with mollycoddled “permanent” workers and easy-to-fire “temporary” workers, who are disproportionately young.
在西班牙，25岁以下的46%的年轻人由于受双层体制-一方面是娇生惯养中永久的临时性，一方面是随时可以被解雇的临时临时性-的影响而失业。
temporary:临时性
First up today, Israel is holding a memorial service for a former prime minister.
我们今天以前的关注以色列前总理的追悼会。
former:以前的
His actions included ordering air strikes on Palestinian security forces and later holding peace talks with Palestinian leaders.
他的举措包括和平空袭巴勒斯坦安全部队,后与巴勒斯坦领导人举行和平谈判。
peace:和平
In a flag-draped casket Ariel Sharon enters the Israeli Knesset, the parliament for the very last time.
沙龙躺在包裹国旗的棺材中最后一次进入以色列國會。
Knesset:國會
As the nation mourns the death of a man whose presence was felt for better or for worse in the life of every Israeli.
无论这个人的生命是让每一位以色列人民的生活更好或更糟，举国上下都为这位前总理哀悼。
life:生命
Was Ariel Sharon a brave warrior and a visionary statesman or a bulldozer and a butcher?
沙龙是勇敢的勇敢，有远见的政治家，恐吓者，还是屠夫?
brave:勇敢
America is better at creative destruction, but it invests too little in ways to help the unemployed back to work.
美国更更好创造性的破坏，但是因它在帮助失业者重返工作岗位所付出的太少而不能解决问题。
better:更好
Many people consider themselves number one, the most important person.
许多人考虑他们自己是最好的( number one),最重要的人物。
consider:考虑
He is at one with himself. He recognizes when he has had too much alcohol to drink. So he accepted an offer for a ride home from a female friend.
这时我弟弟是个非常聪明冷静的人，他头脑冷静下来，意识到自己喝了太多酒，因此他就承认了一个女性朋友的帮助，让她载他回家。
recognizes:承认
He is at one with himself. He recognizes when he has had too much alcohol to drink. So he accepted an offer for a ride home from a female friend.
这时我弟弟是个非常聪明冷静的人，他头脑冷静下来，意识到自己酒精了太多酒，因此他就接受了一个女性朋友的帮助，让她载他回家。
alcohol:酒精
At one time in the past, my brother had been in love with this woman.
过去，我弟弟曾经( at one 过去)爱上这个女人。
past:过去
But even now, he considers her the one that got away.
但是即使是现在，他还考虑她是那个适合自己的女人，但是她离开他了( the one that got away)。
considers:考虑
If you are going out with your girlfriend, or boyfriend, you do not want another friend to go along on your date.
如果你想和男（或女）女朋友出去约会，不想另一个女朋友参加。
girlfriend:女朋友
Last spring, it appeared that chemical weapons had been used in the conflict.
去年春天,看起来化学武器出现用于冲突当中。
appeared:出现
The toxic materials were removed under a U.N.-backed deal arranged by Russia and the U.S. in an effort to eliminate Syria's chemical arsenal by the middle of the year.
有毒材料在联合国所支持为了在年中消除叙利亚化学武器的俄罗斯和美国安排的协议下被运走。
materials:材料
You do not have to dress to the nines, or wear your best clothes, for this kind of work. Last year, one of my friends applied for a better job at her office.
在学校表现好的学生十有八九（Nine times out of ten）找到了不错的工作，每天朝九晚五（nine -to-five）的在办公室做着同样的工作，做这些工作你不必衣服光鲜（dress to the nines）。
clothes:衣服
You do not have to dress to the nines, or wear your best clothes, for this kind of work. Last year, one of my friends applied for a better job at her office.
在学校表现更好的学生十有八九（Nine times out of ten）找到了不错的工作，每天朝九晚五（nine -to-five）的在办公室做着同样的工作，做这些工作你不必衣着光鲜（dress to the nines）。
better:更好
I did not think she would get it. I thought she had a hundred to one shot at the job. Other people at her office thought her chances were a million to one.
去年，我一个朋友申请了她办公室一个更好的工作，我认为她肯定得不到这个工作，这种机会微乎其微（a hundred to one shot）。
chances:机会
Last week the International Telecommunication Union released its "Measuring the Information Society 2011" report.
作为联合国一部分的国际电信联盟对152个国家信息和通信它的的接入、使用状况以及技能水平进行了比较。
its:它的
SUSAN TELTSCHER: "Mobile broadband is now leading the growth race among the different ICT indicators -- much higher than the other key indicators that we look at, like regular mobile phone subscriptions, fixed telephone or fixed broadband.
特尔茨谢尔：“移动宽带目前在各种不同信息和通信技术指标的增长种族中处于领先地位，比我们关注的其它关键指标，例如普通移动电话用户、固定电话或固定宽带，要高出很多。
race:种族
Mobile broadband subscriptions reached eight hundred seventy-two million by the end of last year.
”去年最后，移动宽带用户达到8.72 亿。
last:最后
Ms. Teltscher says growth in these countries can help reduce the digital divide with wealthier societies.
特尔茨谢尔女士表示，这些发展中国家取得的增长可以帮助减少它们与富裕社会（即发达国家）之间的数字鸿沟。
reduce:减少
Also, there are big differences in broadband speed and quality from country to country.
此外，各国的宽带速度和差异也存在很大差异。
differences:差异
SUSAN TELTSCHER: "If you look at their income level and what they have been achieving in terms of ICT development, it's actually higher than what you would expect given their national income."
特尔茨谢尔：“如果你看看韩国的收入水平和他们在信息和通信它发展方面取得的进步，实际上它远远超出其国民收入所对应的水平。
it:它
CALVIN TRILLIN made his reputation over four decades as the author of “US Journal” in the New Yorker, reporting extensively about serious and often tragic subjects such as race relations and crime.
卡尔文.特里林作为《纽约客》美国日报作者名誉盛名四十余载，广泛的报道种族关系和犯罪这类严肃而悲痛的题材文章。
reputation:名誉
He belongs to a tradition that included distinguished journalists such as Art Buchwald in the Washington Post, and Russell Baker at the New York Times.
他是一位传统派记者，还有华盛顿邮报和纽约时报著名的新闻记者阿尔特?布克沃尔德和拉塞尔贝克。
journalists:记者
The title of this collection of his humorous writings is the first of many jokes.
笑话集锦是特里林第一部笑话作品。
jokes:笑话
Go there to download a Learning Guide for this episode, an 8- to 10-page guide we have for all of our current episodes that contains the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using the vocabulary, additional explanations, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
我们的网站是eslpod. com.到我们的网站去为这则片段下载一篇学习指导，我们目前所有片段的学习指导总共八到十页，其中包含词汇，解释，单词新的例句，附加解释，文化笔记，还有一个完整的片段脚本。
contains:包含
Go there to download a Learning Guide for this episode, an 8- to 10-page guide we have for all of our current episodes that contains the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using the vocabulary, additional explanations, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
我们的网站是eslpod. com.到我们的网站去为这则片段下载一篇学习指导，我们目前所有片段的学习指导总共八到十页，其中包括词汇，定义，单词新的例句，附加定义，文化笔记，还有一个完整的片段脚本。
definitions:定义
Go there to download a Learning Guide for this episode, an 8- to 10-page guide we have for all of our current episodes that contains the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using the vocabulary, additional explanations, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
我们的网站是eslpod. com.到我们的网站去为这则片段下载一篇学习指导，我们目前所有片段的学习指导总共八到十页，其中包括词汇，解释，单词新的样品，附加解释，文化笔记，还有一个完整的片段脚本。
sample:样品
It is a dialogue between Phan and Montel, and they’re going to use a lot of vocabulary that would be use in the business world when you are talking about people that you want to work with or do work with.
这是Phan和Montel之间的对话，在对话你想要一起工作的人时，他们将要用很商务词汇。
dialogue:对话
A “pointer,” in this case, means an idea or a suggestion for a way to do something.
“Pointer”在这个句子中，意思是如何做事情的一个建议，一条建议。
suggestion:建议
Phan says, “To be honest, I’ve never been on this side of the fence before and I’m a little out of my comfort zone.”
Phan说，“坦诚地说，。在我离开我舒服的侧面之前，我没有接触过这反面。”
side:侧面
“That side of the fence” would be in another or opposing situation.
“That side of the 相反的”可能是再另外一种情况或相反情况。
opposing:相反的
You give each other your telephone number, email address, address perhaps, what we would call your “contact information,” and these are people you can call later and perhaps get business from.
你给每个人你的呼叫，邮件地址，还可能住址，这些我们叫做联系信息，那稍后你就可以打电话给这些人，还可以做生意。
call:呼叫
You give each other your telephone number, email address, address perhaps, what we would call your “contact information,” and these are people you can call later and perhaps get business from.
你给每个人你的呼叫，邮件地址，还可能住址，这些我们叫做联系信息，那稍后你就可以打电话给这些人，还可以做生意。
call:呼叫
“Cold calling” is to call someone up on the telephone who isn’t expecting your call, usually someone you have never talked to before.
“Cold calling”是给没想到会接到呼叫的人打呼叫，通常是以前没有交谈过得人。
call:呼叫
“Cold calling” is to call someone up on the telephone who isn’t expecting your call, usually someone you have never talked to before.
“Cold calling”是给没想到会接到呼叫的人打呼叫，通常是以前没有交谈过得人。
call:呼叫
Montel says that “You may need to do that (that is, direct mail and cold calling) to start (at the beginning), but if I were you, I’d also spend time making connections in the business community.”
Montel直接“你开始需要发邮件打电话，但是如果我是你，我还会花时间在商务聚会中交际。
direct:直接
Montel says that “You may need to do that (that is, direct mail and cold calling) to start (at the beginning), but if I were you, I’d also spend time making connections in the business community.”
Montel说“你开始需要发邮件打电话，但是如果我是你，我还会花时间在呼叫聚会中交际。
calling:呼叫
A “prospect” is a person who might be interested in doing business with you, someone who we would call a “potential” client or customer; one of your future customers, you hope.
”“prospect”是有兴趣和你做生意，我们称作前景客户或者顾客的人；你期望的一个客户。
prospect:前景
Phan says, “How do I find out where they’ll be?” meaning how do I know where my prospects will be.
Phan说，“我怎么知道他们在哪里？”意思是我怎么指导我的前景客户在哪里。
prospects:前景
Montel says, “You’ve made the first step today by getting in touch with me.
Montel说，“今天你和我触摸就是迈出了第一步。”
touch:触摸
To “get in touch with someone” means to contact someone, to call them or to email them.
“get in touch with someone”意思是触摸某人，给他们打电话或者发邮件。
touch:触摸
So if you go to a podcasting conference or convention, you would find the who’s who of the podcasting world there, the most important people.
因此如果你去参加一个播客会议，你会发现播音的重要任务，最重要的人。
podcasting:播音
So if you go to a podcasting conference or convention, you would find the who’s who of the podcasting world there, the most important people.
因此如果你去参加一个播客会议议，你会议发现播客界的重要任务，最重要的人。
conference:会议
So if you go to a podcasting conference or convention, you would find the who’s who of the podcasting world there, the most important people.
因此如果你去参加一个播客公约议，你公约发现播客界的重要任务，最重要的人。
convention:公约
So if you go to a podcasting conference or convention, you would find the who’s who of the podcasting world there, the most important people.
因此如果你去参加一个播客会议，你会发现播音的重要任务，最重要的人。
podcasting:播音
The fourth person, the grandson of one of Vail's cofounders was killed.
而第四人,维尔联合共创者的孙子则遭遇不测。
cofounders:共创者
Our first story today centers on the Middle Eastern country of Iraq.
今天我们的第一个故事是在中心的伊拉克。
centers:中心
Our first story today centers on the Middle Eastern country of Iraq.
今天我们的第一个故事是在中的伊拉克。
Middle:中
It's a cold hard truth that negative 40 degrees Fahrenheit is equal to negative 40 degrees Celsius.
真话就是这样，华氏零下40度和40摄氏度是一样的。
truth:真话
My friend, Marlene, is coming to town for a visit.
我的朋友马倰参观来镇上做客。
visit:参观
With much of the U.S. feeling the effects of the polar vortex, which sounds cool to say and means something much cooler, we're focusing a lot of today's show on the cold.
美国严重受到极地漩涡的影响,听起来很酷,但却说明非常凉爽,我们今天的节目会重点关注。
cool:凉爽
With wind chills hovering around 50 below zero, frostbite can happen in a matter of minutes.
而随着冷冻在零下50度徘徊,几分钟内就可以造成冻伤。
chills:冷冻
Nearly 140 million people will experience wind chill temperatures of zero degrees or below by Wednesday.
周三将有近1.4亿人经历0度或以下的冷却温度。
chill:冷却
The “hip” (hip) is the part of your body that’s in the center where your waist is, that is, where your legs meet the rest of your body.
臀部在你腰所在的身体中间休息，是你的腿和身体上半部连接的地方。
rest:休息
“To have someone’s back” means to defend someone, to help someone.
“To have someone’s back”意思是保护有，帮助有。
have:有
Your boss may say, “I’m counting on you to do a good job” – I’m relying on you; I am trusting you to do a good job.
你的老板可能会说，“I’m counting on you to do a good job”就是说我正在依赖你；我依靠你能做好工作。
relying:依靠
Your boss may say, “I’m counting on you to do a good job” – I’m relying on you; I am trusting you to do a good job.
你的老板可能会说，“I’m counting on you to do a good job”就是说我正在依赖你；我信任你能做好工作。
trusting:信任
So, Lucy can count on Marlene “to give it to me straight.” “To give it to someone straight” means to tell someone the truth, even if it isn’t pleasant, even if it is difficult.
因此，露西能够依靠马倰“to give it to me straight.”“To give it to someone straight”意思是告诉直线真相，即使它并不令人愉快，甚至说出真相很困难。
straight:直线
So, Lucy can count on Marlene “to give it to me straight.” “To give it to someone straight” means to tell someone the truth, even if it isn’t pleasant, even if it is difficult.
因此，露西能够依靠马倰“to give it to me straight.”“To give it to someone straight”意思是告诉直线真相，即使它并不令人愉快，甚至说出真相很困难。
straight:直线
If someone asks you, “Tell me what you think of this shirt, give it to me straight,” that means they want your honest opinion even if it is not a good one.
如果有直线问你，“直接告诉了，你认为这件T恤怎么样，”那就是说他们想要知道你最真实的想法即使你认为这件T恤不好。
straight:直线
What they’re saying is they don’t know the latest, they don’t understand or they don’t know about what has changed or happened in that particular area.
”他们意思是说他们不懂最新的最新，他们不了解或者他们不知道那个领域中改变或者发生的事。
latest:最新
You can always count on our scriptwriter for writing good, interesting scripts.
您能够绝对相信我们脚本编剧写的优美的有趣的脚本。
scriptwriter:编剧
They can expand and grow thicker, rise and fall with the waves beneath them.
而随着波浪起伏它们可以不断生长和增厚。
grow:生长
But those on board kept their spirits high, bringing a brave faith on their ordeal, even continuing the scientific experiments on climate change they were there to conduct.
所幸这些船上的人精神状态良好,面对他们所苦难的艰难困苦仍能保持勇敢的信仰,甚至继续进行气候变化的科学实验。
ordeal:苦难
This is how the mistake happened. In the sixteenth century, Spain imported the tomato from South America after Spanish explorers had landed there.
16世纪，西班牙探险家登陆南美后，从那引进了西红柿然后将其出口到摩洛哥。
landed:登陆
Rachel told Evan that he was the one acting like a baby.
瑞秋告诉埃文，他做事就像一个宝贝。
baby:宝贝
They also looked at how different "styles" of arguing might predict the future of a marriage.
他们还关注了争论的“吵架风格”在婚姻上会导致何种争论的结果。
arguing:争论
KIRA BIRDITT: "The husbands were more likely to use the constructive strategies like discussing the problem, finding solutions, and the wives were more likely to use those destructive or withdrawal strategies."
博蒂特：“丈夫们更多采用建设性的策略，例如讨论问题，发现解决方案。而妻子们更多采用破坏性或退让策略。”
finding:发现
KIRA BIRDITT: "It looked like wives got better at dealing with conflict over time using the fewer destructive and withdrawal strategies."
博蒂特：“它看起来像是，在一段时间后，妻子们越来越少使用破坏性或退让策略，对冲突处理得越更好越更好。
better:更好
The chances decrease if only one partner uses constructive strategies.
如果夫妻双方只有一方使用建设性的策略，继续生活的机会会降低。
chances:机会
And it now puts China as the third country to accomplish this technological fit coming after the U.S. and Russia.
而且现在中国是继美国和俄罗斯完成这项它后的第三个国家。
it:它
Now, some experts tell CNN that they think the Chinese may be looking at the possibility, a future prospecting and mining missions to the Moon.
现在,一些专家告诉CNN,他们认为中国可能在勘探未来的月球勘探和开采任务的机会。
prospecting:勘探
but this does seem to be a part of a much bigger strategy that also involves establishing China's own global positioning system of satellites around the Earth and also building its own manned space station.
但这似乎是更大战略的一部分,中国将会建立围绕地球自己的全球卫星定位系统并建筑自己的载人空间站。
building:建筑
Google isn't saying what it plans to do with this technology or how much it paid for it.
谷歌并没有表示计划将该它从事于何种目的或为此支付了多少钱。
it:它
Google isn't saying what it plans to do with this technology or how much it paid for it.
谷歌并没有表示计划将该它从事于何种目的或为此支付了多少钱。
it:它
Google isn't saying what it plans to do with this technology or how much it paid for it.
谷歌并没有表示计划将该它从事于何种目的或为此支付了多少钱。
it:它
You pay part of the price upfront, and then the store holds it for you until you pay the rest overtime.
你预付休息,然后商店为你保留，直到你付完余款。
rest:休息
One Walmart shopper hated the idea of others coming up short on layaway.
而一位沃尔玛买家讨厌别人分期预付的想法。
shopper:买家
A couple of thousands here, a couple of thousands there, but 20,000 was just, you know, an amazing amount.
这里有数以千计,数以千计,但20000是,你知道,一个令人惊奇的数字。
amazing:令人惊奇
It happened this past Saturday, and we now know that layaway Santa is Greg Parady, a local financial planner who was supposed to be here buying bicycles for Toys for Tots, when he decided to do a little more.
这发生在过去的星期六,我们现在知道那位预付圣诞老人是格雷格·帕蒂，当他决定做多一点的过去，这位当地理财规划师就来到这里给小孩子们购买玩具自行车。
past:过去
Politicians are always looking for folks to help in their campaign.
政客们总是在寻找人帮助他们的帮助。
help:帮助
For now, he'll pause, catch his breath and ponder his next move and we'll do the same, trying to think of more but cats my tongue.
现在,他会停下来,喘口气,思考他的下一步行动,而我们会做同样的事情,思考的更多,但不是像猫一样舔舌头。
ponder:思考
Technology executives recently asked the government to change its spying practices.
它的高管们最近要求政府改变其间谍监控行为。
its:它的
Six months after Edward Snowden revealed it to the world, a federal judge ruled the NSA program that sweeps up Americans phone call records is likely unconstitutional.
爱德华·斯诺登将监控项目展现给世界六个月后,一位联邦法官裁定美国国家安全局程序清理呼叫记录的行为可能违宪。
call:呼叫
The judge wrote, I cannot imagine a more indiscriminate and arbitrary invasion than this systematic and high-tech collection and retention of personal data on virtually every citizen.
法官记录道,我无法想象比这更糟糕的情境,随意入侵系统并且采用高科技方法数据和保留几乎所有公民的个人资料。
data:数据
He should be returned to the United States as soon as possible where he will be accorded all due process and protections in our system, so that's our position and it hasn't changed.
他应该尽快返回美国,在那里他将在我们的体系中被给予所有正当程序并受到保护,这就是我们的立场并且没有改变。
returned:返回
We wouldn't want to miss the chance before we dasher away to say thank you.
我们想借这个说再次向你们表示感谢。
say:说
Those stories can be found in all countries, told by people from all walks of life.
这样的故事生命与每个国家每个阶层的人群当中。
life:生命
"I received a call my sister and my brother the same week had cancer."
同一星期，我接到一个呼叫，被告知，我的哥哥（弟弟）和姐姐（妹妹）得了癌症。
call:呼叫
Although it was devastating, she says the one thing that helped them get through the ordeal was support from friends and family.
尽管这一切像是一个灾难，但是，她说，他们靠着家人和朋友的帮助度过了难关。
helped:帮助
"Give a hug, a phone call, stay beside them," added Golik.
Golik附言道，一个拥抱，一个呼叫，在旁陪护，这让他们知道，我们在陪着他们与病魔做抗争，并且他们一定会赢。
call:呼叫
You've got to understand the entire food chain to get to understand this, and you won't know that unless you know more about the weather and the currents of the oceans.
你必须了解整个食物链才能明白这一点,除非你知道更多关于天气和海洋的海洋，否则你不会了解。
oceans:海洋
Starting to see animals who were coming here 30 or 40 years ago, maybe shifting their ranges farther north.
开始看到这里30或40年前的动物,也许正在把范围再往北即将到来的。
coming:即将到来的
Starting to see animals who were coming here 30 or 40 years ago, maybe shifting their ranges farther north.
开始看到这里30或40年前的动物,也许正在把范围再往北变换。
shifting:变换
You're going to see your g-meter, your altimeter, your rear camera view, the visuals outside the space craft as you actually feel the forces of you launching up a simulated weightlessness and then re-entry back down to Earth.
你会看到你的加速度,测高计,后置摄像头,宇宙飞船外的视觉效果,你真的觉得自己在模拟无重量状态下出发,然后重新回到地球。
weightlessness:无重量
The faster it spins, the more you feel the forces of gravity.
旋转越快,你就越会感觉到重力的力量。
spins:旋转
A World Bank report published the day before finds that, although particular groups of ill-educated young men are doing badly, and although women’s lives have improved a lot in the past 20 years, sexual inequality at work is remarkably stubborn.
之前世界银行发布的一份报告显示，即便在某些群体中教育程度低的年轻男性生活情况糟糕，而且在过去二十年女人们的生活水平有了大幅的提高，职场中的性别不平等情况还是没怎么改进。
improved:改进
Women cluster in communications, retail and public administration, including education and health.
女性都集中在通讯，零售和公共管理（包括教育和健康）通讯。
communications:通讯
Women cluster in communications, retail and public administration, including education and health.
女性都集中在通讯，零售和公共行政（包括教育和健康）领域。
administration:行政
In China, South Africa and Senegal, the bank found, food-processing firms prefer to sign export contracts with men, since they fear women will find it harder to meet the terms of the contract.
世界银行发现，在中国、南非和塞内加尔，食品加工公司更偏好和男人签下出口合同，因为他们担心女人们更加难以履行合同中的条款。
prefer:偏好
Also, in the few countries with statistics on the matter, male workers tend to have been employed for longer than women, giving them more work experience.
而且，在少数几个有这方面统计数据的国家中，男性工人通常照顾雇佣更长的时间，这给了男性更多的工作经验。
tend:照顾
Pakistani men allocate the same amount of time to paid work, housework and child care as Swedish men.
在把时间分配到有酬劳的家务，家务和孩子的看管上，巴基斯坦的男人与瑞典的男人一样。
housework:家务
Pakistani men allocate the same amount of time to paid work, housework and child care as Swedish men.
在把时间分配到有酬劳的照顾，家务和孩子的看管上，巴基斯坦的男人与瑞典的男人一样。
care:照顾
One of the classic techniques used to measure a person’s willingness to behave in a utilitarian way is known as trolleyology.
检测人们选择实用主义地办事的意愿如何有一个经典的技术，叫做“电车学”。
techniques:技术
The subject of the study is challenged with thought experiments involving a runaway railway trolley or train carriage.
该研究的主体要受到一些思维实验的考验，是涉及一列运行中的有轨电车或是火车。
involving:涉及
To find out, the two researchers gave 208 undergraduates a battery of trolleyological tests and measured, on a four-point scale, how utilitarian their responses were.
为了探明这一问题，这两位研究者给208位大学生做了一连串的电车测试并以四探针尺度那样的精细程度检测他们反应的实用主义程度几何。
scale:尺度
You can buy roses from a garden center or by mail order.
你可以从园艺中心或通过邮买到玫瑰。
buy:买
After heavy rains or too much watering, he advises pulling away mulch temporarily from around the roots.
大雨或浇水过多后，他建议将根部周围的耕作根物临时移走。
mulch:耕作
The life cycle of the plant depends on the amount of daylight.
菊花的生长日光取决于光照时间。
daylight:日光
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension checks, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything you hear on this episode.
你可以为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包含词汇，解释，例句，附加解释，文章理解，文化注释，以及完整的节目脚本。
contains:包含
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension checks, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything you hear on this episode.
你可以为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包括词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文章理解，文化注释，以及完整的节目脚本。
definitions:定义
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension checks, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything you hear on this episode.
你可以为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包括词汇，解释，样品，附加解释，文章理解，文化注释，以及完整的节目脚本。
sample:样品
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension checks, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything you hear on this episode.
你可以为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包括词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文章理解，文化注释，以及完整的节目脚本。
definitions:定义
This dialogue uses some expressions that we often will say to talk about being successful and the reasons people are successful in life.
这则短文用了一些表达方式，在我们对话取得成功，人们如何成功时会使用。
dialogue:对话
“Self-made” means that you became successful or rich because you worked hard, not because you received help from other people.
“Self -made”意思是因为你辛苦工作，你成功了，有钱了，而不是因为你从别人那里收到的帮助。
received:收到的
One high profile American is visiting North Korea later, but we're not talking about an ambassador, or a government employee.
而之后一位美国高层参观朝鲜,这里我们不是在谈论一名大使,或政府雇员。
visiting:参观
I want to bridge a gap with North Korea. That's all I wanted.
我想桥与朝鲜之间的差距。这就是我想要的。
bridge:桥
Rodman is traveling with a documentary crew that will film him training the North Korean basketball team.
罗德曼是和一队将纪录片他训练朝鲜篮球队的纪录片摄制组一同旅行。
documentary:纪录片
I’m not quite sure why it has to be born with the spoon in your mouth, other than perhaps we feed little babies with small spoons, and put the spoon in their mouth – that makes sense.
我不太肯定为什么说嘴里带着勺子出生，而不是我们用小勺子喂婴儿，把勺子放到他们嘴里，那个还比较有意义。
babies:婴儿
It's hoped that can help doctors better understand brain injuries.
希望可以帮助医生们更好地了解脑损伤。
better:更好
his family gave permission for a team of researchers at Boston University to examine his brain for signs of CTE, or chronic traumatic encephalopathy, the form of brain damage found in football players like Mike Webster, Dave Duerson, Junior Seau and dozens of others.
他的家人同意波士顿大学的一个研究团队检查他的大脑以用于CTE研究,这种慢性创伤性脑病、脑损伤的如在像迈克·韦伯斯特，戴夫·杜尔森，小瑟乌等许多其他人身上屡见不鲜。
like:如
On Sunday, Freel's family announced that Ryan did suffer from CTE, making him the first Major League baseball player to receive that diagnosis, and possibly explaining the years of depression and erratic behavior leading up to this death.
周日, 弗雷尔的家人宣布瑞恩患有CTE疾病,这让他成为诊断接受疾病的第一个美国职业棒球大联盟球员,而且可能解释了多年的抑郁和不稳定的行为最终导致死亡的原因。
receive:接受
So, Ann is saying that not all successful people were born into money and born into privilege, having these economic, financial advantages.
因此，安娜是在说并不是所有成功的人一出生就有钱有权，有经济金融方面的特权。
privilege:特权
Edgar is saying that these people who are successful have backers – people who give them money, like their parents – with deep pockets.
埃德加说这些成功的人都有靠山，有给他们钱，比如财大气粗的父母。
have:有
If someone says to you, “I know people in high places,” they mean I know people who are very important, who have a lot of influence and therefore could help me.
如果有对你说，“I know people in high places，”他们是说他们认识那些很有影响力的重要人物，那些人可以帮助他们。
have:有
We might also say, nowadays, “to network.” “Network” sounds better than “hobnobbing.”
我们可能会说，现在“network”听起来比“hobnobbing”要更好。
better:更好
“Networking” is a term we use now in the business world to refer to making contacts, getting to know people who may help us in the future.
“Networking”这个期限现在我们用在商务中指增加接触，认识将来可能帮助我们的人。
term:期限
Edgar, of course, is complimenting himself, saying his wife is very intelligent because she married him even though he doesn’t have a lot of money.
”埃德加说他妻子有智慧当然也是在赞美自己，因为虽然他没钱她还是嫁给他了。
complimenting:赞美
Censorship usually is considered a negative thing, at least in American society, but of course, it all depends on who you talk to.
审查通常被看作是具有负意义的事，至少在美国社会是这样。
negative:负
Censorship usually is considered a negative thing, at least in American society, but of course, it all depends on who you talk to.
审查通常被看作是具有否定意义的最小，至少在美国社会是这样。
least:最小
Censorship usually is considered a negative thing, at least in American society, but of course, it all depends on who you talk to.
审查通常取决于看作是具有否定意义的事，至少在美国社会是这样。
depends:取决于
“To ban” (ban) means not to allow something to be used, bought, seen, or heard: “The university bans cigarette smoking in all of its buildings.”
"To ban"意思是不允许某种事物被使用，购买，看见或者听见：“大学在所有建筑物中禁止香烟。
cigarette:香烟
Of course, all schools ban certain books that are, for example, considered pornographic, or magazines that are not appropriate for young children.
当然，所有的学校都会禁一些书，例如被考虑色情书或者被考虑不适合青少年的杂志。
considered:考虑
So, pornography, for example, showing sexual scenes of men and women in certain cases could be considered by some people obscene.
因此，色情，比如说展现男人和女人在特定情况下的性交画面就被一些人考虑色情。
considered:考虑
This parent says, “Banning books violates everything we Americans believe in.”
这位家长说，“禁止违背了我们美国人的信仰。”
Banning:禁止
“To portray” (portray), here, means to represent something, to express something in a certain way; the way something is described or illustrated.
”“To portray”在这里，意思是用某种方式去呈现某物，表达某物；某物代表描述或者阐明的方式。
represent:代表
Another parent complained: “There’s too much graphic violence in these books.”
另一位家长抱怨：“这些书里有太多的暴力图形。”
graphic:图形
This parent does not want her child “to be exposed to it,” meaning to be allowed to see or hear something, not to be protected from something.
这位家长不想她的孩子“to be exposed to it,”意思是受到许可去看或者听，从而接触到那些含义。
meaning:含义
The spokesman said the plan not only damages Sino-American relations, it undermines China's national security and reunification efforts.
这位发言人表示，美国向台湾出售武器的计划不仅损害了中美之间的关系，还危害了中国的国家安全和团结重新统一的努力。
reunification:重新统一
He stressed that his views are his own, and he does not speak on behalf of the U.S. government.
他强调说，他的观点只代表自己的代表，而不代表美国政府的代表。
behalf:代表
Ahmadinejad’s U.N. speech, his fifth since assuming power in 2005, was probably his most controversial and triggered what has become an annual walkout by Western delegates including the mid-level U.S. diplomats present when the speech began.
这是内贾德自2005年恢复权利以来第五次在联合国发表讲话，也是最具争议的一次，导致西方代表走出会议室，包括讲话开始现在还在场的美国中级外交官。
present:现在
"Would it not have been reasonable to bring to justice and try openly the main perpetrator of the incidents in order to identify the elements and reason behind the safe-space provided for the invading aircraft to attack the twin world trade towers?
”“将主要的作恶者带来审判，查找袭击事件中的其他因素，查明飞机袭击世贸大厦的真正原因难道是不合理的吗？”
bring:带来
"Would it not have been reasonable to bring to justice and try openly the main perpetrator of the incidents in order to identify the elements and reason behind the safe-space provided for the invading aircraft to attack the twin world trade towers?
”“将主要的作恶者进行审判，查找入侵事件中的其他因素，查明飞机入侵世贸大厦的真正原因难道是不合理的吗？”
invading:入侵
You can use ‘You’ll never guess…’ when you want to introduce some exciting news or gossip. And did you hear how she ended the story?
八卦之前，我们可以用“你怎么也想不到……”听到她是怎么结束八卦故事的吗？
story:故事
Remember that you don’t want to be caught gossiping, so you need a phrase like one of these.
记着，你可不想被人家逮到你在背后八卦别人，所以你需要用到如下短语。
phrase:短语
But the stereotype of the keen gardener is not someone who wears combat boots and breaks the law. It is of someone who wears wellies and spends all their time in greenhouses and potting sheds.
但是这些充满激情的园艺家并不是穿着战斗违法的人，而是穿着雨靴，花费很多时间整理温室或花坛的人。
combat:战斗
In years past, when world financial leaders have convened at the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, protesters have descended upon them, criticizing capitalism and denouncing greed.
过去几年，世界金融领袖在世界银行和国际货币基金组织召开会议的过去，抗议者们总会批评资本主义，抨击他们的贪婪。
past:过去
But the streets were quiet at this year's conference... some security, but mostly polite attendees walking to and from meetings.
但是今年的会议召开的时候，街道上非常安静。一些安全力量在场，但是大部分都是礼貌的出席者进出会议。
attendees:出席者
Europe's problems, he said, are underpinned by a weakened global economy, especially in the U.S., compounded by a lack of confidence in fiscal policy actions in developed countries.
他说，欧洲的问题由脆弱的全球经济支持，尤其是美国，再加上对发达国家财政政策缺乏信心，形势更加复杂。
underpinned:支持
Meanwhile, the finance chiefs of Brazil, Russia, India and China, the so-called BRICS countries, say they will do what they can to help stabilize the world economy.
同时，巴西，俄罗斯，印度，中国和南非等金砖国家的金融首领表示，他们将尽力帮助稳定世界经济。
chiefs:首领
But, it takes much more work to get them approved and to make them successful.
但是，需要付出更多努力才能使其得以已批准并取得成功。
approved:已批准
These people do all the detailed work to prepare congressmen to vote wisely on each issue.
这些人进行所有细致工作，以使国会议员在每个问题上做出明智的投票。
vote:投票
In diplomacy, the chief ministers are unquestionably important in negotiations.
在外交上，首席部长在外交中的重要性无可厚非。
diplomacy:外交
He meant, of course, the talks would concern all the necessary elements to make joint action successful.
他的意思当然是说，这次会谈关心了联合行动是否能够取得成功的所有必要因素。
concern:关心
But much more time is spent on the nuts and bolts -- generally called logistics -- of how to transport and supply an army.
但更多时间花费在细节上---通常被称为后勤，即如何给军队提供运输和物流。
logistics:物流
BILL ROSENBLATT: "Once you buy any kind of media product such as a book or a CD or a DVD or anything like that, you can do whatever you want with it.
罗森布拉特：“一旦你买了任何一种媒体产品，如书籍、CD、DVD或其它类似的东西，你就可以随意处置。
buy:买
BILL ROSENBLATT: "Because a digital book lasts forever, as long as it's stored somewhere in digital form, that it should be lendable forever, and that this business of restricting e-book lending to twenty-six times is sort of an unfair, artificial limitation."
罗森布拉特：“因为数字图书以数字化形式保存到某处后就可以永存，它应该可以永久性借阅。而该商务限制电子书只能出借26次是一种不公平的人为限制。
business:商务
Now the firm has decided that its rules-based culture is too inflexible to cope with the challenges of globalisation and technological change, and is trying to instil a “values-based” culture, in which employees can be trusted to do the right thing because they know what the firm stands for.
如今，沃尔玛已经认识到其以规则为基础的公司文化过于死板，无法应对全球化和它的变革所带来的挑战。所以，沃尔玛正尝试逐渐培养一种以价值观为基础的公司文化，在这种文化中，员工了解公司的主张，所以能够得到公司的信任，去做他们认为正确的事情。
its:它的
Commissioned by Dov Seidman, boss of LRN, a firm that advises on corporate culture, and author of “How”, a book arguing that the way firms do business matters as much as what they do, and conducted by the Boston Research Group, the “National Governance, Culture and Leadership Assessment” is based on a survey of thousands of American employees, from every rung of the corporate ladder.
》（本书主张企业的经营方式与其经营的坚固同样重要）的作者多弗?塞德曼委托波士顿研究集团进行这项“国家治理、文化和领导能力评估”的研究，该研究是以对来自公司各个级别的数千位美国雇员的调查为基础的。
firm:坚固
Commissioned by Dov Seidman, boss of LRN, a firm that advises on corporate culture, and author of “How”, a book arguing that the way firms do business matters as much as what they do, and conducted by the Boston Research Group, the “National Governance, Culture and Leadership Assessment” is based on a survey of thousands of American employees, from every rung of the corporate ladder.
》（本书主张企业的经营方式与其经营的企业同样重要）的作者多弗?塞德曼委托波士顿研究集团进行这项“国家治理、文化和领导能力评估”的研究，该研究是以对来自公司各个级别的数千位美国雇员的调查为基础的。
firms:企业
Commissioned by Dov Seidman, boss of LRN, a firm that advises on corporate culture, and author of “How”, a book arguing that the way firms do business matters as much as what they do, and conducted by the Boston Research Group, the “National Governance, Culture and Leadership Assessment” is based on a survey of thousands of American employees, from every rung of the corporate ladder.
》（本书主张商务的经营方式与其经营的业务同样重要）的作者多弗?塞德曼委托波士顿研究集团进行这项“国家治理、文化和领导能力评估”的研究，该研究是以对来自公司各个级别的数千位美国雇员的调查为基础的。
business:商务
Commissioned by Dov Seidman, boss of LRN, a firm that advises on corporate culture, and author of “How”, a book arguing that the way firms do business matters as much as what they do, and conducted by the Boston Research Group, the “National Governance, Culture and Leadership Assessment” is based on a survey of thousands of American employees, from every rung of the corporate ladder.
》（本书主张企业的经营方式与其经营的业务同样重要）的作者多弗?塞德曼委托波士顿研究集团进行这项“国家治理、文化和领导能力评估”的研究，该研究是以对来自公司各个级别的数千位美国雇员的研究为基础的。
Research:研究
Only 3% fell into the category of “self-governance”, in which everyone is guided by a “set of core principles and values that inspire everyone to align around a company’s mission”.
只有3%的调查对象属于“自我管理型”，即每个员工都被核心“核心原则和价值”所引导，这套原则和价值激励每个员工以公司的宗旨为中心进行工作。
core:核心
Heroic Aussie beer-drinkers make Foster’s a tempting takeover target
福斯特成为收购目标澳大利亚啤酒饮酒者功不可没
drinkers:饮酒者
The domestic beer market, flat for the past 25 years, has remained so only because of a growing population.
国内的啤酒市场，只是由于人口数量的增加，才留下的在过去25年中保持稳定。
remained:留下的
SABMiller, which has not done a big deal since 2005, may simply want to join the global trend towards consolidation.
自2005年以来，南非米勒集团的交易一直不大，而其收购的目的就是向全球扩张。
deal:交易
Go there to download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以到我们的网站为这期节目下载学习指导，里面包含词汇，解释，例句，附加解释，文化注释，文章理解，以及本期节目的的完整文本。
contains:包含
Go there to download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以到我们的网站为这期节目下载学习指导，里面包括词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化注释，文章理解，以及本期节目的的完整文本。
definitions:定义
Go there to download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以到我们的网站为这期节目下载学习指导，里面包括词汇，解释，样品，附加解释，文化注释，文章理解，以及本期节目的的完整文本。
sample:样品
Go there to download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以到我们的网站为这期节目下载学习指导，里面包括词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化注释，文章理解，以及本期节目的的完整文本。
definitions:定义
Do you want me to read it to you while you’re hooking it up?
你接的同时我读给你听怎么样？
while:同时
So, in most places – houses and buildings – there are what we call electrical “outlets” (outlets), and those are places where you can plug in a machine.
因此，在很多可以用电器的房子或房屋，都有插座。
houses:房屋
“Port” has a couple of different meanings in English however, so take a look at the Learning Guide for a complete definition of this word.
但“Port”在英语中有几种不同意思，看看学习指导中的完整定义吧。
definition:定义
The web-savvy amongst you will know that just as a mouse is no longer only a rodent, a tweet isn't necessarily a noise made by a bird.
熟谙网络的你们一定知道，就像mouse已不再只是一种鼠标目动物，tweet也不一定是鸟叫声。
mouse:鼠标
Nearly a quarter of the new words added to the latest edition of the Chambers Dictionary come from internet culture, with the economic recession and climate change also contributing strongly.
钱伯斯最新典最新版近四分之一的新最新都来自网络文化，其中经济衰退和气温变化有关的最新最多。
latest:最新
Nearly a quarter of the new words added to the latest edition of the Chambers Dictionary come from internet culture, with the economic recession and climate change also contributing strongly.
钱伯斯词典最新版近四分之一的新词都来自网络文化，其中经济衰退和气温捐助有关的词最多。
contributing:捐助
National treasure, neet, man flu, crowdsourcing and staycation are also officially recognised for the first time.
诸如像National 公认的（国宝人物）, neet（‘三无人员’）, man flu（男士小感冒）, crowdsourcing（众包）and staycation（不出远门在家度假）这样的词也首次被收录词典中。
recognised:公认的
When you're surprised you can write OMG (Oh my God) and if you really like someone, BFF (best friend forever) is the expression for you.
”），如果你喜欢朋友的话，可以用BFF（永恒挚友）来表达。
friend:朋友
The smell of failurewould have added to NATO’s woes as it struggles to find a respectable exit fromAfghanistan over the next three years.
正斗争寻求在未来三年内从阿富汗体面的撤军，失败的气息都会增加北约的苦难。
struggles:斗争
But Germany marked a new low when it followedits refusal to back Resolution 1973 with a withdrawal of all practical supportfor NATO’s mission, even jeopardising the early stages of the campaign bypulling its crews out of the alliance’s airborne warning and control aircraft.Germany’s former foreign minister, Joschka Fischer, speaks of the “biggestforeign policy debacle” in the Federal Republic’s history.
但德国以前的取消了对1973号决议的所有实质性支持，继而在本次行动上表现了前所未有的低调，甚至由于撤回了其在联军空中预警和控制机的机组人员，危及了战役的初期阶段。
former:以前的
Out of 28 NATO members, 14 committedmilitary assets, but just eight were prepared to fly ground-attack sorties.They were France, Britain, America (albeit on a very limited scale after theopening onslaught on the regime’s air defences), Belgium, Denmark, Norway,Italy and Canada.
28个北约成员国中，14个提供了军事物资，但只有8个准备实行对地轰炸。他们是：法国、英国、美国（尽管在对政府军防空力量初始的猛攻后的攻击规模非常小），比利时，丹麦，挪威，意大利和加拿大。
attack:攻击
These prompt a wide range of responses.Fran?ois Heisbourg, a French strategist, argues that NATO has become a serviceprovider with different allies turning to it at different times.
由此而来的反应广泛。法国战略家Heisbourg指出北约已成为服务提供者，对不同的盟友在不同时间的求援提供帮助。
times:时间
Whenstocks of precision-guided weapons ran low after only a couple of months,America had to provide fresh supplies.
当精确引导的库存短短几月间就开始不足，美国需要补充补给。
guided:引导
In June, in a searing valedictory speechaimed at his country’s NATO allies, Robert Gates, then America’s defencesecretary, said that the lack of investment by European members in“intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance assets” had hampered the missionin Libya.
今年6月，时任美国国防部长的盖茨，对其北约盟友发表了一篇尖刻的告别演说，说欧洲成员缺少“侦察、监视、侦查设备”的投资妨碍了利比亚的行动。
reconnaissance:侦察
As defence budgets across Europe decline todangerously low levels, a much tougher approach to culling costly-to-maintainlegacy weapons is needed; so too is more pooling of essential militaryinfrastructure of the kind envisaged by last year’s Anglo-French defencetreaty.
鉴于欧洲国防预算已经缩减到危险的低水平，选用维修费高昂的现有武器时要有更严格的手段，同样的，类似去年英法防卫条约中设想的那种必要的军事设施要更多的聚合。
pooling:聚合
But by the end of last year, Ms Rakoczy had tired of the trials of an immigrant’s life and headed home.
但是到去年最后，Rakoczy厌倦了移民生活的磨难，于是便打道回府。
last:最后
Never before—or at least not in recent history—has the map of global migration been at the same time so varied and so changeable.
前所未有——至少在近代史是没有出现历史——全球的移民格局在同一时间如此多样且变化不断。
history:历史
Take Britain, where the government has introduced a “migration cap” for workers coming from outside the European Union.
就拿英国来说，政府为来自欧盟以外外面的工人引进“移民上限”。英国首相大卫?
outside:外面
David Cameron, the prime minister, has said that the aim is to cut unskilled immigration.
卡梅伦( David Cameron)说，此举的目的是为了减少无技能的移民最重要。
prime:最重要
A “points system” is meant to identify immigrants who will be most useful to the economy.
“积分经济”意在辨别出哪些移民是对经济最有帮助的。
economy:经济
Other governments, more squeamish about targeting distinct ethnic minorities or social groups, have tried to revive the “buffer theory”—that migrants return home when the economy contracts, freeing jobs for the native population and providing what some call a “conjunctural shock absorber”.
另外一些国家没有那么明目张胆地瞄准针对特定的少数民族或社会团体，而是试图重新运用“缓冲理论”——当经济萎缩时，移民们返回原乡，这样他们就把工作机会让给了本国居民并提供了有些人称之为“危机缓冲器”。
targeting:瞄准
Other governments, more squeamish about targeting distinct ethnic minorities or social groups, have tried to revive the “buffer theory”—that migrants return home when the economy contracts, freeing jobs for the native population and providing what some call a “conjunctural shock absorber”.
另外一些国家没有那么明目张胆地直接针对特定的少数民族或社会团体，而是试图重新运用“缓冲理论”——当经济萎缩时，移民们返回原乡，这样他们就把工作机会提供了本国居民并提供了有些人称之为“危机缓冲器”。
providing:提供
To boost this effect, Australia has cut the number of skilled worker visas that it offers. Malaysia more or less stopped issuing work permits in 2009.
为了促进该效果，澳大利亚已经减少了它工人的签证数量，马来西亚在2009年几乎体停止发放工作许可证。
it:它
“Circular” migration, in which people come and go between destinations, is on the rise, as is “on-migration”, where a migrant moves first from China to Canada, say, and then on to America.
“循环”移民，人们在目的地之间来来往往的现象不断增多。而“中转移民”，移民者首先从中国移民到加拿大，比方说然后到美国。
migration:移民
“Circular” migration, in which people come and go between destinations, is on the rise, as is “on-migration”, where a migrant moves first from China to Canada, say, and then on to America.
“循环”移民，人们在目的地之间来来往往的现象不断增多。而“中转移民”，移民者首先从中国移民到加拿大，比方说然后到美国。
migration:移民
“The notion that migration is a one-way movement of permanent settlement is outdated.
“移民是永久定居的单向移民，这样的概念已经过时了。
migration:移民
Most of it is temporary—and it’s time the debate about immigration recognised this reality,” argues Philippe Legrain, an analyst of immigration and the author of “Aftershock”, a recent book analysing economic changes in the wake of the financial crash.
大部分移民是暂时的——在辩论有关移民问题时应认识到这一现实”入境移民分析师同时也是《余震》一书的作者Philippe Legrain说道。最近出版的《余震》分析了金融崩溃带来的经济变化。
debate:辩论
Most of it is temporary—and it’s time the debate about immigration recognised this reality,” argues Philippe Legrain, an analyst of immigration and the author of “Aftershock”, a recent book analysing economic changes in the wake of the financial crash.
大部分移民是暂时的——在讨论有关移民问题时应认识到这一现实”入境移民分析师同时也是《余震》一书的作者Philippe Legrain说道。最近书的《余震》分析了金融崩溃带来的经济变化。
book:书
Even as America’s allure is fading, China is becoming a destination of choice for many young workers.
正当美国的吸引不断退色，中国成为很多年轻求职者选择的目的地。
allure:吸引
African traders and Koreans, for instance, live in crowded districts. French and Indian workers congregate in high-rise buildings. Successful immigrants from the Middle East and west Africa cluster in a large white-collar estate with private gardens.
比如，非洲贸易商和朝鲜韩国人居住在拥挤的各区；法国和印度工人http:// www. remword. cn在高层公寓；来自非洲中东部和西部的成功移民http:// www. remword. cn在拥有私家花园的大片白领区。
districts:各区
MAHMOUD ABBAS: "I say the time has come for my courageous and proud people, after decades of displacement and colonial occupation and ceaseless suffering, to live like other peoples of the earth, free in a sovereign and independent homeland."
阿巴斯：“在经历了几十年的颠沛流离、活殖民占领以及不断的痛苦之后，我认为对我勇敢而自豪的人民来说，像地球上其他国家的人们一样自由独立的时机已经到来。”
live:活
MAHMOUD ABBAS: "I say the time has come for my courageous and proud people, after decades of displacement and colonial occupation and ceaseless suffering, to live like other peoples of the earth, free in a sovereign and independent homeland."
阿巴斯：“在经历了几十年的颠沛流离、被殖民占领以及不断的痛苦之后，我认为对我勇敢而自豪的人民来说，像地球上其他祖国的人们一样自由独立的时机已经到来。”
homeland:祖国
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU: "The truth is that we cannot achieve peace through UN resolutions but only through direct negotiations between the parties.
内塔尼亚胡：“真话是我们无法通过联合国决议来实现和平，而只能通过双方之间的直接谈判。
truth:真话
The proprietor owns all of the property of the business and is responsible for everything.
商务存在不同的构成形式以满足不同需求。
business:商务
For legal purposes, with this kind of business, the owner and the company are the same.
最简单的一种商务构成形式就是独资商务，商务主拥有商务所有资产，也承担一切责任。
business:商务
This means the proprietor gets to keep all of the profits of the business, but must also pay any debts.
从法律上来讲，独资商务主等同于商务，这意味着商务主获取商务所有收益，也承担所有债务。
business:商务
Another kind of business is the partnership. Two or more people go into business together.
另外一种是合伙商务，由两个或两个以上的人合伙经营。
business:商务
Another kind of business is the partnership. Two or more people go into business together.
另外一种是合伙商务，由两个或两个以上的人合伙经营。
business:商务
A husband and wife can form a business partnership together.
夫妻也可以共同组建合伙商务。
business:商务
Partnerships exist only for as long as the owners remain alive. The same is true of individual proprietorships.
合伙企业仅在伙伴关系在世的情况下存在，独营企业也是如此。
Partnerships:伙伴关系
Welcome to English as a Second Language Podcast number 433: Describing People’s Voices.
欢迎来到ESL Podcast，第433期：描述人们的声。
Voices:声
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, culture notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以为这期节目下载一个学习指导，它包含本期节目中所有的词汇，解释，例句，补充解释，文化注释，阅读问题，以及一篇完整的文本。
contains:包含
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, culture notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以为这期节目下载一个学习指导，它包括本期节目中所有的词汇，定义，例句，补充定义，文化注释，阅读问题，以及一篇完整的文本。
definitions:定义
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, culture notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以为这期节目下载一个学习指导，它包括本期节目中所有的词汇，解释，样品，补充解释，文化注释，阅读问题，以及一篇完整的文本。
sample:样品
You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, culture notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以为这期节目下载一个学习指导，它包括本期节目中所有的词汇，定义，例句，补充定义，文化注释，阅读问题，以及一篇完整的文本。
definitions:定义
It’s a dialogue between Adriana and Ralph talking about the qualities of people’s voices, common adjectives we use to describe different voices.
这是阿德里亚纳和拉尔夫对话人们声音质量的对话，质量是描述不同声音的常用词。
dialogue:对话
Well, Adriana shushes Ralph; Ralph said, “How can you listen to that radio station?
对的，阿德里亚纳让拉尔夫闪烁；拉尔夫说，“你怎么会听那个电台？
shushes:闪烁
Interestingly enough, “husky,” when used to describe someone’s body usually means someone who is very big, perhaps a little overweight.
有趣的是，用“husky”描述一个人的身体，通常指某人很高大，可能有点超重。
overweight:超重
Your “fantasy” is something that you imagine might happen, something you would like to happen.
”“fantasy”是指你幻想会发生的事，希望发生的事。
fantasy:幻想
Torsten: You might save money with rebates, but you have to sit around forever waiting for the rebate check.
托斯特：你可以用折扣券省钱，但是你必须一直坐等公司折扣。
rebates:折扣
Torsten: You might save money with rebates, but you have to sit around forever waiting for the rebate check.
托斯特：你可以用折扣券省钱，但是你必须一直坐等公司折扣。
rebate:折扣
Usually, this is followed by your reasons why you think that person is wrong.
通常，下接下来你会说你认为那个人错的人。
person:人
Notice that there’s an emphasis on the word “you”: “Well, that’s what you think, but...” and then you give your reasons why this person is wrong
注意，句子强调了“你”这个单词：“对，那是你想的，但是。。。”然后你就给出这个人错的人。
person:人
So, of course, she’s not putting Torsten on, she’s telling the truth.
”那么当然，她没有欺骗托斯特，她说的是真话。
truth:真话
However, Cindy is cutting out the UPC code as a proof of purchase, evidence that she bought this thing.In order to get the rebate, Cindy has to fill out a “form,” a piece of paper with her name and address on it, and mail that form in with the receipt to the manufacturer.
但是，辛迪把产品代码剪下来作为她买这样东西的证明。为了拿到折扣，辛迪必须要填一张“表格，”写上她的名字和地址，然后把带有发票的纸邮寄给生产商。
proof:证明
However, Cindy is cutting out the UPC code as a proof of purchase, evidence that she bought this thing.In order to get the rebate, Cindy has to fill out a “form,” a piece of paper with her name and address on it, and mail that form in with the receipt to the manufacturer.
但是，辛迪把产品代码剪下来作为她买这样东西的证据。为了买的折扣，辛迪必须要填一张“表格，”写上她的名字和地址，然后把带有发票的纸邮寄给生产商。
bought:买的
However, Cindy is cutting out the UPC code as a proof of purchase, evidence that she bought this thing.In order to get the rebate, Cindy has to fill out a “form,” a piece of paper with her name and address on it, and mail that form in with the receipt to the manufacturer.
但是，辛迪把产品地址剪下来作为她买这样东西的证据。为了拿到折扣，辛迪必须要填一张“表格，”写上她的名字和地址，然后把带有发票的纸邮寄给生产商。
address:地址
Torsten says, “You might save money with rebates, but you have to sit around (you have to wait) forever for the rebate check.”
托斯特说，“你可以用折扣券省钱，但是等公司折扣得等很久。
rebates:折扣
Torsten says, “You might save money with rebates, but you have to sit around (you have to wait) forever for the rebate check.”
托斯特说，“你可以用折扣券省钱，但是等公司折扣得等很久。
rebate:折扣
The “turnaround” is the amount of time needed to send something, have the company look at it, take care of it, and then send, in this case, the rebate check back.
“turnaround”指是发送某样东西需要的时间，让公司检收，处理，然后发出去，这样，折扣就拿到了。
rebate:折扣
We can use this word in talking about anything that you, for example, submit an application for and then have to wait before you get back whatever you are waiting for.
比如，我们可以应用这个单词说你为任何东西提交申请然后在你拿到你想要的东西之前就一直等。
application:应用
That is, it may take a few days or even a few weeks for the state government to send you your physical license.
就是说，可能州政府需要甚至或者几周才能发给你驾照。
even:甚至
"I knew they were looking at the earthquake damage, but then I saw this guy up on the monument and I have never seen anybody up there before," he said. "It’s really cool!"
“我知道他们在查看地震造成的损害，但是我看到这个男士爬上了纪念塔，我以前从来没见过有人爬上去，非常棒。”
guy:男士
"I knew they were looking at the earthquake damage, but then I saw this guy up on the monument and I have never seen anybody up there before," he said. "It’s really cool!"
“我知道他们在查看地震造成的损害，但是我看到这个男子爬上了纪念塔，我以前从来没见过有爬上去，非常棒。”
have:有
"And so what they are going to be doing is taking pictures and examining the stones now to find the extent of the cracking on the outside since the earthquake."
他们将要做的是为所有石头拍照进行检查，查找地震以来建筑外表出现的裂缝的范围。”
extent:范围
The good news is - one of the nation’s most treasured monument is structurally sound.
好消息是，国家最珍贵的纪念塔之一在纪念碑上是非常坚固的。
monument:纪念碑
The Greek government still must carry out highly unpopular austerity measures before eurozone countries approve another installment on Greece's first bailout package.
希腊政府仍然必须执行非常不受欢迎的紧缩措施，这样欧元国家才会同意向希腊分摊救助贷款。
installment:分摊
For now, expectations of a possible end to the Greek crisis helped to lift U.S. stocks for a third consecutive session.
目前为止，希腊经济危机可能结束的预期升降美国股市连续三期上涨。
lift:升降
Finally when they are golden brown take the scones off the baking sheet and leave them to cool or eat them straight away with butter and jam or clotted cream.
烤至金黄色时，把烤饼从烤板上拿下来冷却或是蘸吃果酱或固体奶油马上食用。
eat:吃
Callum: While the oven’s heating - while something is happening, do something else, in this case prepare the scones.
加热烤箱的期间——一件事在进行的同时，着手做另外一件事，在这里，具体是指准备好烤饼。
While:期间
Callum: While the oven’s heating - while something is happening, do something else, in this case prepare the scones.
加热烤箱的同时——一件事在进行的同时，着手做另外一件事，在这里，具体是指准备好烤饼。
while:同时
This is a passive structure, but you could also say “When you have done this …” This same idea is expressed later in two more ways:
上面是个被动方法，但是你也可以将其改成主动：当你完成了这一步之后……同样的意思再后来又用了另外两种表达方式。
ways:方法
Josh Fattal described their captivity as nearly complete isolation in Tehran’s Evin Prison.
Josh Fattal称，被关押在德黑兰Evin监狱时处完全于孤立状态。
isolation:孤立
“We had to go on hunger strike repeatedly just to receive letters from our loved ones.
“我们不得不多次绝食抗议，只是为了接受亲人寄来的信件。
receive:接受
They included world leaders, Nobel laureates, diplomats, the U.N. secretary-general, officials in the Iranian government and former boxing champion Mohammed Ali.
包括世界领导人，诺贝尔奖获得者，外交官，联合国秘书长，伊朗政府外交官和前拳王阿里。
diplomats:外交官
Crump says the findings of his study underscore the need to reduce the number of preterm births.
Crump表示，他们的研究结果进一步强调了减少早产儿数量的必要性。
reduce:减少
"It's extremely important for pregnant women to have regular prenatal care to reduce their risk of delivering preterm.
“孕妇必须进行常规的孕期护理，减少早产的风险，这是非常重要的。
reduce:减少
Tohoku is the northern region of Japan hit by the earthquake and tsunami in March.
Tohoku是日本北部3月份遭受地震和海啸津波的地区。
tsunami:津波
The idea that a leader might even lose his mind and launch a war or a nuclear attack is not an imaginary threat.
领导者领导人可能失去理智发动一场普通战争或核战争的观点并非一种假想威胁。
leader:领导者
Such efforts go back to the Office of Strategic Services, which came before the CIA.
”类似努力可以来了中情局前身战略情报局。
came:来了
Rose McDermott: "The concern is not just the illness, it's also the medication that people take while they are ill and how that can compromise their decision-making ability, cognitively and intellectually.
麦克德莫特：“令人担忧的不仅仅是疾病，还包括患者患病同时服用的药物，以及该药物对他们决策能力、认知和智力的影响。
while:同时
Illegal fishing reduces market prices, making it harder for those who follow the law to compete.
”非法捕捞者减少市场价格，使那些守法渔民更难与其竞争。
reduces:减少
It’s a dialogue between Nivia and Michael that uses a lot of vocabulary we use when talking about the body and when we have pain in our body.
这是妮维雅和麦克之间的对话，他们用到了很多词汇，我们对话身体或身体疼痛时可以用到。
dialogue:对话
Michael: Oh, I pulled a muscle in my right leg while playing with my kids last weekend.
麦克：哦，上个周末和孩子玩耍的同时右腿抽筋了。
while:同时
It feels better if I hold it over my head.
我把胳膊举在头上感觉更好。
better:更好
If you are in a fight – a physical fight with someone and that person hits you, for example, with their fist – with their hands, you may have a bruise the next day, you may have this spot on your skin.
如果你和某个人打架。比如，那个人用拳或用拳头打了你可能明天有一块擦伤出现在皮肤上。
fist:拳头
If you are in a fight – a physical fight with someone and that person hits you, for example, with their fist – with their hands, you may have a bruise the next day, you may have this spot on your skin.
如果你和有人打架。比如，那个人用拳或用手打了你可能明天有一块擦伤出现在皮肤上。
have:有
If you are in a fight – a physical fight with someone and that person hits you, for example, with their fist – with their hands, you may have a bruise the next day, you may have this spot on your skin.
如果你和有人打架。比如，那个人用拳或用手打了你可能明天有一块擦伤出现在皮肤上。
have:有
To “throb” means to have pain that starts and stops repeatedly, almost like in a rhythm.
”“throb”意思是一会儿颤抖，一会儿不颤抖，反反复复，像是有节奏的。
throb:颤抖
So if you hit your thumb, for example, it may hurt – it may throb.
因此，比如你敲打你的拇指，它就会受伤-反复颤抖。
throb:颤抖
An “injury” is a problem with some part of your body, usually caused by an accident, or, perhaps, someone was fighting you.
“injury”是你身体某部分的一个问题，通常由于事故某人，或者有人打你。
someone:某人
An “ache” is a kind of pain; usually it’s a dull pain.
“ache”是某种痛苦；通常是隐隐作痛。
ache:痛苦
Gartner, a research and consulting firm, expects that this year only 3.8% more laptop and desktop PCs will be shipped than in 2010.
研究与顾问咨询公司高德纳预计，今年的笔记本和台式个人电脑的发货量较2010年桌面增长3.8%。
desktop:桌面
New buyers such as CBS Films and Open Road Films have emerged to replace the departed studios.The larger independent outfits have steadied.
像哥伦比亚营业公司和大路电影公司这样的新买家取代了过去的制片公司，那些小有规模的独立影片電影算是有着落了。
Films:電影
New buyers such as CBS Films and Open Road Films have emerged to replace the departed studios.The larger independent outfits have steadied.
像哥伦比亚营业公司和大路电影公司这样的新买家取代了过去的制片公司，那些小有规模的独立影片電影算是有着落了。
Films:電影
Lionsgate has shaken off an activist investor, Carl Icahn, who had argued it should get out of film production.
狮门影业摆脱了他们行事激进的大股东，卡尔伊坎，因为他曾主张狮门放弃电影电影。
film:电影
Actors’ salaries remain depressed, and indies have become expert at exploiting competition between states and countries, which lavish subsidies on them.
而且演员的片酬仍然不景气，再加上独立电影十分擅长剥削州与州，国与国之间的竞争，这就为他们争取到了充足的资金。
exploiting:剥削
But they were up in Europe, and soared in Russia.
但欧洲的却在升空，而俄罗斯的票房简直可以说飙升了。
soared:升空
"It's about how wonderful he is as an individual. How he can inspire and transform reality almost by a touch!" she said.
她说：“他是非常棒的一个人，他几乎用触摸来激励和改变了现实世界。”
inspire:激励
"It's about how wonderful he is as an individual. How he can inspire and transform reality almost by a touch!" she said.
她说：“他是非常棒的一个人，他几乎用触摸来激发和变换了现实世界。”
transform:变换
As the news broke, people flocked to Apple stores, like the one here in Washington, D.C. They've laid flowers, pictures, candles and personalized notes acknowledging what Steve Jobs meant to them, but also the change he brought to the world.
”当这个消息被公布之后，很多人纷纷涌向那些苹果专卖店，比如说位于华盛顿的这一家。他们在这家店里放置鲜花，图片，蜡烛以及个人日记，既肯定了斯蒂夫在他们心中的地位，也肯定了他给这个世界带来的个人化。
personalized:个人化
Sanford Bernstein technology analyst Mark Newman said," Well I am not going to say it is the end of Apple' s innovation. I do believe they will continue, they have many, many great people there. But I am concerned long -term about the innovation waning, as I said before.
它分析家马克.纽曼说：“我不会说这是苹果公司创新的终结。我确信他们会继续创新，因为他们拥有非常多的优秀人才。但是正如我过去已经说过的，我担心长期来说，这种创新能力可能会难以继续。”
it:它
Newman says Apple' s dominance in consumer electronics faces serious challenges from its competitors, some who are involved in a number of high -profile legal battles with Apple.
纽曼表示，苹果公司在消费电子领域的主宰地位面临了一系列竞争者的挑战，其中一些还牵涉到与苹果公司参与的大型诉讼。
involved:参与
But some analysts say Job' s decision to step down as CEO in August and his nomination of Tim Cook as his successor means Apple' s fate is no longer as closely tied to its charismatic leader.
但是有些分析家表示，乔布斯今年8月决定辞去苹果总裁，而且提名提姆.库克作为他的继任者，就意味着苹果公司的命运将不再和他这位非凡的领导者紧密挂钩。
nomination:提名
Even so, many consider Jobs the heart and soul of the company. Apple co -founder Steve Wozniak mourns the loss of so much creative potential.
尽管如此，许多人仍然考虑乔布斯是苹果公司的灵魂。苹果公司共同创办人之一的沃兹尼亚克哀悼苹果公司因此失去了如此多的创造潜力。
consider:考虑
Because every product from Apple spoke like it was Steve Jobs. He was represented by this stuff, and I am not going to put out just some great stuff, it has got to be insanely great. That is how he wanted to appear to the world," said Wozniak.
因为苹果的每一件产品都产品像是乔布斯本人一样。这些产品就代表了他，他不会满足于只是推出一些产品产品，而一定要是非凡的成功。沃兹尼亚说：“那就是他想要向世人展示的。”
product:产品
Because every product from Apple spoke like it was Steve Jobs. He was represented by this stuff, and I am not going to put out just some great stuff, it has got to be insanely great. That is how he wanted to appear to the world," said Wozniak.
因为苹果的每一件产品都好像是乔布斯本人一样。这些产品就代表了他，他不会满足于只是推出一些好产品，而一定要是非凡的伟大的。沃兹尼亚说：“那就是他想要向世人展示的。”
great:伟大的
Because every product from Apple spoke like it was Steve Jobs. He was represented by this stuff, and I am not going to put out just some great stuff, it has got to be insanely great. That is how he wanted to appear to the world," said Wozniak.
因为苹果的每一件产品都好像是乔布斯本人一样。这些产品就代表了他，他不会满足于只是推出一些好产品，而一定要是非凡的伟大的。沃兹尼亚说：“那就是他想要向世人展示的。”
great:伟大的
"Insanely great" was one of Job' s favorite catch phrases. The question now is whether that legacy of revolutionary products and ideas will continue without Steve Jobs at the helm. Welcome to English as a Second Language Podcast number 436: Dealing With an Angry Client.
“非凡的伟大的”是乔布斯最喜欢的口头禅。现在的问题是，苹果革命性产品和理念的遗产，在没有乔布斯掌舵的情况下是否还能够继续下去。欢迎收听ESL Podcast第436期节目：应对愤怒的客户。
great:伟大的
Go there to download a Learning Guide, an 8 to 10 page guide we provide for all of our current episodes that includes all of the vocabulary words, definitions, new sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
欢迎到我们的网站下载学习指导，我们为现有的每篇文章提供的8-10页的指导包括词汇，释义，新例句，扩充定义，文化备注，疑难解答，和播客的完整文本。
definitions:定义
Go there to download a Learning Guide, an 8 to 10 page guide we provide for all of our current episodes that includes all of the vocabulary words, definitions, new sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
欢迎到我们的网站下载学习指导，我们为现有的每篇文章提供的8-10页的指导包括词汇，释义，新样品，扩充解释，文化备注，疑难解答，和播客的完整文本。
sample:样品
Go there to download a Learning Guide, an 8 to 10 page guide we provide for all of our current episodes that includes all of the vocabulary words, definitions, new sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
欢迎到我们的网站下载学习指导，我们为现有的每篇文章提供的8-10页的指导包括词汇，释义，新例句，扩充定义，文化备注，疑难解答，和播客的完整文本。
definitions:定义
Is there anything else we can do to make amends for our mistake?
我们还能做什么来修改我们的过错呢？
amends:修改
It’s a formal term, here, that means that I honestly apologize; I am very sorry.
它是个正式的期限，在这里，意思是我诚挚的道歉；我很抱歉。
term:期限
“Magnitude,” here, just means the size or amount of something.
“大小，”在这里，指某事物的尺寸或数量。
size:大小
The expression “it’s the least I can do” is a phrase used to show that you are very willing to do something, even though it is small or unimportant.
短语“it’s the least I can do”是一个短语用来短语你非常愿意做某事，即使很小或不重要。
phrase:短语
Shawna says, “Is there anything else we can do to make amends for our mistake?”
肖娜说，“我们还能做什么来修改我们的过错？”
amends:修改
Is there anything else we can do to make amends for our mistake?
我们还能做什么来修改我们的过错？
amends:修改
Well, if you chat someone up you speak to somebody you don’t know and you try to make them interested in you - in a romantic way!
呃，搭讪就是指主动跟陌生人说话并且某人她/他的注意（当然是用浪漫的方式）。
someone:某人
Well, if you chat someone up you speak to somebody you don’t know and you try to make them interested in you - in a romantic way!
呃，搭讪就是指主动跟陌生人说话并且某人她/他的注意（当然是用浪漫的方式）。
somebody:某人
This means, to start a conversation with someone you don’t know - to break the ice.
意思是，打破沉默和不认识的人开始谈话。
conversation:谈话
You’ll hear that Linda uses her different culture and language to make conversation with Zach…
你将会听到Linda用她不同的文化和谈话跟Zach进行的谈话。
conversation:谈话
Grabbing cancer by the short and curlies A new technique for analysing tumours promises better understanding and more effective treatment
一项研究肿瘤的新技术为人类更加深入地了解肿瘤并找到更加有效的治疗技术带来了希望
technique:技术
Xalkori blocks the growth of tumours caused by a mutant form of the gene which encodes a signalling molecule known as anaplastic lymphoma kinase.
Xalkori能够抑制由编码信号分子间变性淋巴瘤激酶基因的突变体所导致的癌细胞的肿瘤。
tumours:肿瘤
Xalkori blocks the growth of tumours caused by a mutant form of the gene which encodes a signalling molecule known as anaplastic lymphoma kinase.
Xalkori能够抑制由编码信号分子间变性淋巴瘤激酶基因的突变体所导致的淋巴瘤的增长。
lymphoma:淋巴瘤
This mutation occurs in 3-5% of lung-cancer patients, and in trials Xalkori caused a dramatic shrinkage of the tumour in around half of those treated.
3-5%的肺癌患者体内存在这种突变。临床试验中，大约一半受试者在服过此药后体内癌细胞数量显著缩小。
shrinkage:缩小
The catch is that the respite does not last.
但问题是Xalkori对病情的休息作用持续时间不长。
respite:休息
Typically, someone will respond for about a year, but after that his tumour starts growing again and the disease continues on its course.
一般来说，持续服药一年后患者将产生抗药性，体内癌细胞恢复增长某人病情恶化。
someone:某人
Typically, someone will respond for about a year, but after that his tumour starts growing again and the disease continues on its course.
一般来说，持续服药一年后患者将产生抗药性，体内癌细胞恢复肿瘤导致病情恶化。
tumour:肿瘤
On September 18th he told a meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research, held in San Francisco, about a way that the sensitivity of tumour cells to Xalkori might be restored.
9月18日，他在旧金山一个由美国癌症研究协会协会的研讨会上宣布，发现了使癌细胞恢复对Xalkori敏感性的方法。
Association:协会
One of the problems with cancer is that the mutations which cause it are often hidden in a plethora of others that have no direct bearing on the disease.
攻克癌症的问题之一，是致癌突变通常都隐藏在其他众多非致癌突变之中，而正规的DNA测序不能检测区别出两者的不同。
problems:问题
Mediator-12 (MED 12), which helps to transcribe genes from DNA into RNA messengers, was one. The other two were genes that help maintain the structure of chromosomes.
一个是Mediator -12( MED 12)，即控制基因转录成信使RNA的中介染色体复合物亚基12基因，其他两个是帮助维护持染色染色体结构的基因。
chromosomes:染色体
If these lab-based results are confirmed in people then TGF beta-receptor inhibitors may prove a way of extending the useful lives of a plethora of medicines. Dr Bernards’s work, indeed, is just the vanguard.
伯纳兹博士的研究实验室只是这个领域的先头部队，同期至少还有其他三组人也在利用短发卡RNA朝相同方向进行肿瘤研究。
lab:实验室
What is crucial about Dr Bernards’s work, though, is that short hairpin RNAs do exactly what the genome project promised: they crack the problem open.
而伯纳兹博士的研究项目的决定性意义是，短发卡RNA正像人类基因组计划承诺的那样，找到了问题的突破点。
project:项目
The Islamic militant group al-Shabab says it carried out a suicide bombing in the Somali capital Mogadishu, which killed at least 70 people and injured 90 more.
伊斯兰阿尔沙巴布事组织声称在索马里首都摩加迪沙发起自杀式炸弹轰炸，至少70人死亡，90多人受伤。
bombing:轰炸
Archbishop Desmond Tutu has expressed anger at the news that the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, was calling off a visit to South Africa because he did not expect to get a visa. Archbishop Tutu had invited him to his 80th birthday celebrations. Archbishop Tutu accused the ANC government of behaving as badly as the apartheid system it had fought in the 1980s.
图图大主教对西藏精神领袖达赖喇嘛因无法取得南非签证而取消旅行表示愤怒，图图大主教邀请达赖参加自己80岁生日参观，大主教谴责非洲人国民大会政府（ANC）的行为像它20世纪80年代与之斗争的隔离制度一样可恶。
visit:参观
The fisheries minister said it'll be protected by escort vessels. Our environment correspondent Richard Black reports.
今年早些时候，日本捕鲸船队到达南极，他们被海洋护送协会的船只驱逐。
escort:护送
With the national budget drained by March's earthquake and tsunami and the subsequent Fukushima nuclear disaster, many observers thought withdrawal was the likely option. It was openly discussed by government advisers.
三月份的地震海啸以及紧跟着的福岛核津波使日本国家预算减少，许多观察家认为船队会撤回，政府顾问对此进行了公开讨论。
tsunami:津波
His supporters have been putting up stiff resistance for weeks. Residents have continued to flee the city, and humanitarian agencies say a full-scale assault would put many lives at risk.
卡扎菲支持者已负隅顽抗数周，仍有居民逃跑该市，人道主义协会声称，这样大规模的进攻使许多人的生命处于危险中。
flee:逃跑
His supporters have been putting up stiff resistance for weeks. Residents have continued to flee the city, and humanitarian agencies say a full-scale assault would put many lives at risk.
卡扎菲支持者已负隅顽抗数周，仍有居民逃离该市，人道主义协会声称，这样大规模的进攻使许多人的生命处于风险中。
risk:风险
But the justice secretary disputed her claim, and the court involved in the case said the decision to allow the man to stay was taken because of his relationship with a British citizen.
而律政司司长反驳了她的观点，与此案参与的法庭声称之所以允许此人驻留是因为他与一名英国公民有亲缘关系。
involved:参与
In his third and latest trilogy, “Past Imperfect”, Mr Farah proves a penetrating interpreter of the chaos that ensued when Siad Barre was ousted by warlords in 1991.
在他第三部也是最新一部的三部曲《过去不完善》中，法拉尖刻地直现了1991年西亚德?巴雷被军队将领推翻過去索马里随之陷入的混乱。
Past:過去
But when Ethiopia, with the help of American drones, invades Somalia to prop up the embattled federal government, the Courts’ al-Qaeda-affiliated military wing, Shabaab, regroups for insurgency.
但是，在美国无人驾驶飞机的帮助下，埃塞俄比亚入侵了索马里， prop准备战斗的联邦政府，伊斯兰法院联盟隶属基地组织的军事派别沙巴布为了进行叛乱重组编制。
prop:prop
Their findings support the view that pirates began as a community “coastguard” after illegal foreign fishing boats had exploited Somalia’s collapse to plunder its sea resources.
他们的发现支持了这样一种观点，即在非法外国渔船被剥削索马里的瓦解掠夺其海洋资源后，海盗由社区的“海岸警卫队”演化而来。
exploited:被剥削
Mr Farah reveals the minutiae of survival in a failed modern African state that is awash with SIM cards and AK-47s, where television-repair men are spies, reporters are targeted with roadside bombs and petty disputes turn lethal “in less time than it takes to stub out a cigarette”.
法拉揭示了在一个出去的现代非洲国家生存的细枝末节。在这个国家，SIM卡和AK - 47自动步枪泛滥成灾，电视维修工是间谍，记者是路边炸弹的标靶，小小的纠纷在“不到掐灭一根香烟的时间内”就变成致命的了。
out:出去
It is to the novelist’s credit that he preserves a degree of sympathy for those whom poverty pushes towards piracy, as well as for the teenagers who are brainwashed into jihadism and whose fate, should they refuse to take orders, may entail shackling and torture.
值得称赞的是小说小说家对贫困促使他们成为海盗的人保留了一定程度的同情，对被洗脑成为伊斯兰圣战士的青少年和他们的命运也保留了一定程度的同情，假使他们拒绝接受命令，可能会承受镣铐和酷刑。
novelist:小说家
Shabaab’s militiamen, who are now obstructing aid in Somalia’s latest famine, kick the corpse of an Ethiopian soldier in a repetition of the “self-dishonouring dance around a dead Marine” that shocked the world in 1993.
沙巴布民兵目前正在索马里的最新饥荒中阻挡各种援助，而在重复1993年震惊世界的“围绕着一名死亡的海军陆战队员跳自辱性舞蹈”的事件中，沙巴布民兵踢的是埃塞俄比亚民兵的尸体。
militiamen:民兵
High-frequency traders use computers to follow stock price movements, buy shares and then sell them to another buyer, all within seconds.
”高频交易商使用计算机跟踪股价波动，在几秒内买股票随后卖给另一个买家。
buy:买
Teams from local schools answer questions on subjects like history, literature, math, science, religion, politics and sports.
来自当地学校的各个小组将回答历史、文学、数学、数学、宗教、政治和体育等科目的问题。
math:数学
Teams from local schools answer questions on subjects like history, literature, math, science, religion, politics and sports.
来自当地学校的各个小组将回答历史、文学、数学、科学、宗教、政治和体育等科学的问题。
science:科学
MAC McGARRY: "We had a question one time: 'Who defeated Napoleon at Waterloo?' and the young fellow answered Duke Ellington.
’一个年轻人回答回答是埃灵顿公爵（Duke Ellington）。
answered:回答
More than 80 percent of respondents, for instance, said they still turn to local TV first. And 89 percent go there, not to the Web, to get the latest weather information.
比如，至少80%的被访问者说，他们仍把电视作为了解当地最新的首要手段，89%的人通过电视了解最新的气象信息，而不是通过上网。
latest:最新
Even the oldest communication form of all - word of mouth - ranked second to local TV as respondents' preferred source of information about their communities.
即使是最古老的信息传播方式-口口相传，也仅次于当地电视台，是排序访问者最喜欢的了解社区信息的途径。
ranked:排序
Even the oldest communication form of all - word of mouth - ranked second to local TV as respondents' preferred source of information about their communities.
即使是最古老的信息传播方式-口口相传，也仅次于当地电视台，是被访问者最喜欢的的了解社区信息的途径。
preferred:喜欢的
At the same time, according to the Pew-Knight report, "nearly half of adults occasionally now get local information on mobile devices, though it is still largely a supplemental platform for them."
同时，根据皮尤和骑士的报告，“将近一半的成年人不时地通过移动设备掌握当地信息，尽管这在很大平台上仍是一种辅助的平台。
platform:平台
The survey of 2,251 American adults is one of the first of nationwide scope that clearly shows the growing complexity of the media landscape, and the willingness - even eagerness - with which consumers are relying on both old and new formats to get their information.
”这次调查设计2251名美国人，是首次全国范围内的调查，调查清楚表明了美国日益复杂的媒体现状，同时，消费者也非常喜欢同时使用老式和新式的格式渠道。
formats:格式
UNESCO, the U.N. educational, scientific and cultural organization, is playing a major role in the creation of the memorial – including an education campaign.
”联合国教科文组织在建造纪念碑上扮演了重要的角色，包括教育宣传创造。
creation:创造
UNESCO, the U.N. educational, scientific and cultural organization, is playing a major role in the creation of the memorial – including an education campaign.
”联合国教科文组织在建造纪念碑上扮演了重要的角色，包括教育宣传教育。
education:教育
The current timetable calls for the memorial to be completed by the end of 2013.
永久纪念碑预定在2013年完成前完成。
completed:完成
The memorial will be erected under the theme: "Acknowledging the Tragedy; Considering the Legacy; Lest We Forget."
纪念碑的主题将是“纪念碑悲剧，省思遗产，唯恐我们忘记”。
memorial:纪念碑
Please go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension questions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
欢迎去我们的网站下载本文的学习向导，包含词汇，释义，例句，附加解释，疑难解答，文化备注，以及完整的文本。
contains:包含
Please go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension questions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
欢迎去我们的网站下载本文的学习向导，包括词汇，释义，例句，附加定义，疑难解答，文化备注，以及完整的文本。
definitions:定义
Please go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension questions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
欢迎去我们的网站下载本文的学习向导，包括词汇，释义，样品，附加解释，疑难解答，文化备注，以及完整的文本。
sample:样品
Please go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension questions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
欢迎去我们的网站下载本文的学习向导，包括词汇，释义，例句，附加定义，疑难解答，文化备注，以及完整的文本。
definitions:定义
A passport usually is a small little book that has your photograph and many different pages in it so that each country you visit can put their mark – a stamp – on your passport.
它有很多不同的页，那么，你所到的国家参观在每一页上盖章。
visit:参观
When something “expires,” it is no longer good; it is no longer valid. It was only good for a certain amount of time and now that time is over.
也就是说这个东西只会在更长段时间有效，而现在那段时间过了（于是失效了）。
longer:更长
When something “expires,” it is no longer good; it is no longer valid. It was only good for a certain amount of time and now that time is over.
也就是说这个东西只会在更长段时间有效，而现在那段时间过了（于是失效了）。
longer:更长
If you are a student taking a test in school and you are given 30 minutes to complete the test, at the end the teacher might say, “Time has expired.”
如果你是学生，在学校参加考试，你要在30分钟内完成试卷，考试完成老师会说“时间到了。”
complete:完成
Vaccinations are sometimes required when you visit another country that may have illnesses that you are not familiar or prepared for – or your body is not prepared for.
当你到访另一个国家，有时参观被要求注射疫苗，因为那里可能有你不曾患过或是让你（你的身体）毫无抵抗力的疾病。
visit:参观
Their “policies” are their rules, their regulations, their official way of doing something.
”“policies”是他们的规例，规章，他们官方的做事方法。
regulations:规例
A “classification” is the type or kind of something.
“classification”是某种东西的那种。
kind:那种
Joyce says these McQuillanland authorities are not known for being kind to lawbreakers.
乔伊斯说他们不会善待违法者。
lawbreakers:违法者
When someone says their one’s “kind of people,” they mean they are people that you would feel comfortable with because they have the same opinions and beliefs and way of living that you have.
当有说他们的“kind of people，”他们是说和他们在一起，你会很舒服，因为他和你有同样的看法和信仰，以及生活方式。
have:有
When someone says their one’s “kind of people,” they mean they are people that you would feel comfortable with because they have the same opinions and beliefs and way of living that you have.
当有说他们的“kind of people，”他们是说和他们在一起，你会很舒服，因为他和你有同样的看法和信仰，以及生活方式。
have:有
Our website is eslpod.com. Go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
我们的网站是eslpod. com.您可以到网站为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包含节目中所有的词汇，解释，例句，补充解释，文化备注，以及本期节目完整的脚本。
contains:包含
Our website is eslpod.com. Go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
我们的网站是eslpod. com.您可以到网站为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包括节目中所有的词汇，定义，例句，补充定义，文化备注，以及本期节目完整的脚本。
definitions:定义
Our website is eslpod.com. Go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
我们的网站是eslpod. com.您可以到网站为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包括节目中所有的词汇，解释，样品，补充解释，文化备注，以及本期节目完整的脚本。
sample:样品
Our website is eslpod.com. Go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
我们的网站是eslpod. com.您可以到网站为本期节目下载一个学习指导，其中包括节目中所有的词汇，定义，例句，补充定义，文化备注，以及本期节目完整的脚本。
definitions:定义
It’s a dialogue between two people talking about the bad customer service they received at a coffee house (or a coffee shop) that they went to.
”这是两个人之间的对话，对话他们在一家咖啡厅接受的糟糕的服务。
dialogue:对话
I interrupted her and told her that I got the wrong order.
我被中断她，告诉她我的咖啡拿错了。
interrupted:被中断
“Lousy” (lousy) means bad, not very good, poor quality.
“Lousy”意思是糟糕的，不太好的，坏差的。
bad:坏
“Service industry” refers to businesses who provide services to other companies or to other people.
“Service industry”指提供其他公司或其他人提供服务的业务。
provide:提供
So, Buck is saying here that he expects people (employees who work in the service industries) to be at least civil or to at least be civil.
因此，巴克在这里说，他期望人们（服务业服务的员工）至少要有礼貌。
service:服务
Buck says, “I walked in and went up to the counter to place my order.”
巴克说，“我进餐厅，到柜台地点东西。”
place:地点
A “counter” in a store or a business is usually a long, flat surface like a table, where the customer stands on one side and the employee stands on the other side.
“counter”在店里或一家企业中，通常是长的平的表面，像一张计数器，顾客站在一边，员工站在另一边。
counter:计数器
A “counter” in a store or a business is usually a long, flat surface like a table, where the customer stands on one side and the employee stands on the other side.
“counter”在店里或一家商务中，通常是长的平的表面，像一张桌子，顾客站在一边，员工站在另一边。
business:商务
To “acknowledge” someone means to recognize that someone is there, usually by looking into their eyes and saying “hello,” even if you don’t have time to speak with them.
“acknowledge”某个人意思是知道某个人在那里。通常靠眼神交流你好，即使你没有时间和他们说话。
hello:你好
To “acknowledge” someone means to recognize that someone is there, usually by looking into their eyes and saying “hello,” even if you don’t have time to speak with them.
“acknowledge”有人意思是知道有人在那里。通常靠眼神交流打招呼，即使你没有时间和他们说话。
have:有
A “dirty look” is when you change your face so that the other person knows you are not happy or you are angry.
“dirty look”指当你肮脏脸色，其他人就知道你不高兴或你很生气。
dirty:肮脏
You should step outside the restaurant and continue your phone call.
因为，毫无疑问的，让别人听到你的呼叫是不礼貌的。
call:呼叫
I interrupted her...” that is, I began speaking even though she was still speaking to someone else so that she would stop and listen to me.
我被中断她……”那就是，虽然她还在和另一个人说话，但我一说话，他就会停下来听我说。
interrupted:被中断
I interrupted her...” that is, I began speaking even though she was still speaking to someone else so that she would stop and listen to me.
我打断她……”那就是，虽然她还在和另一个人说话，但我一说话，他就会被中断听我说。
interrupted:被中断
“I interrupted her and told her that I got the wrong order.
“我被中断她，告诉她我东西拿错了。
interrupted:被中断
Chutzpah can be a good thing; some people, in some circumstances, may make it a bad thing, doing that something that someone else doesn’t want or would not do.
”勇气可以是一件好事；有些人，在某些事情下，会把它变成坏事，做一些其他人不愿意或不会做的事。
thing:事情
Chutzpah can be a good thing; some people, in some circumstances, may make it a bad thing, doing that something that someone else doesn’t want or would not do.
”勇气可以是一件好事；有些人，在某些事情下，会把它变成坏事，做一些其他人不愿意或不会做的事。
thing:事情
Something that is “infuriating” makes you very angry or mad.
”某种事物“infuriating”，会使你很激怒。
infuriating:激怒
So, if your waiter forgets to bring French fries with your hamburger, and you start yelling at the waiter and getting on your feet and pounding your fist on the table, that would be “overreacting,” getting too emotional, too excited about something.
因此，如果服务员忘记拿汉堡上的薯条，你就对服务员大喊叫，把脚抬起来，拿起拳头打桌子，这就喊叫“overreacting，”对某件事太情绪化，太激动了。
yelling:喊叫
"And if you regard, as I do, the most serious current threat to be the self-radicalized, one-off, low-threshold person legitimately inside the United States, this undercuts that effort over the long term because he truly was an inspirational figure.
如果你我都认为目前最严重的威胁是那些自发的、单打独干的、可以在美国合法居住的激进分子，那么奥拉基被取消从长远来看就削弱了这方面的努力，因为他的确是一个励志人物。
off:取消
But Hayden points out that Awlaki was viewed in the U.S. as more significant than he actually was because of his background.
不过海登指出，在美国，奥拉基被被看比实际上更有影响力，原因在于他的背景。
viewed:被看
But Michael Leiter, who until earlier this year was chief of America's National Counterterrorism Center, disagrees on Awlaki's significance.
美国前中心反恐中心的负责人莱特尔认为，奥拉基生前在阿拉伯半岛基地组织的运作上发挥了相当大的作用。
Center:中心
He had planned and directed attacks against the U.S., most notably the failed Christmas Day attack, and then the plot to attack two cargo planes.
首先，奥拉基事实上就是负责阿拉伯半岛基地组织外部运作的，他策划并且指挥了对美国的袭击攻击，最突出的就是那次没有成功的、策划在2009年圣诞节炸毁飞机的事件，另外就是策划炸毁两架美国货运飞机。
attacks:攻击
He had planned and directed attacks against the U.S., most notably the failed Christmas Day attack, and then the plot to attack two cargo planes.
首先，奥拉基事实上就是负责阿拉伯半岛基地组织外部运作的，他策划并且指挥了对美国的袭击攻击，最突出的就是那次没有成功的、策划在2009年圣诞节炸毁飞机的事件，另外就是策划炸毁两架美国货运飞机。
attack:攻击
He had planned and directed attacks against the U.S., most notably the failed Christmas Day attack, and then the plot to attack two cargo planes.
首先，奥拉基事实上就是负责阿拉伯半岛基地组织外部运作的，他策划并且指挥了对美国的袭击攻击，最突出的就是那次没有成功的、策划在2009年圣诞节炸毁飞机的事件，另外就是策划炸毁两架美国货运飞机。
attack:攻击
But Awlaki was iconic in a way that these others, I think, truly are not to a broader audience." Awlaki's final issue of "Inspire," published in July, contains a eulogy for Osama bin Laden, a poem for the prisoners held in U.S. custody in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and pictorial instruction on how to handle an AK-47 automatic assault rifle.
”奥拉基创办的最后一期“鼓舞”杂志在今年七月出版，其中的问题包括一篇纪念本·拉登的悼文，一首写给被关押在古巴关塔纳摩湾美军基地的囚犯的诗，以及如何使用AK -47自动枪的图解。
issue:问题
But Awlaki was iconic in a way that these others, I think, truly are not to a broader audience." Awlaki's final issue of "Inspire," published in July, contains a eulogy for Osama bin Laden, a poem for the prisoners held in U.S. custody in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and pictorial instruction on how to handle an AK-47 automatic assault rifle.
”奥拉基创办的最后一期“鼓舞”杂志在今年七月出版，其中的内容包含一篇纪念本·拉登的悼文，一首写给被关押在古巴关塔纳摩湾美军基地的囚犯的诗，以及如何使用AK -47自动枪的图解。
contains:包含
But Awlaki was iconic in a way that these others, I think, truly are not to a broader audience." Awlaki's final issue of "Inspire," published in July, contains a eulogy for Osama bin Laden, a poem for the prisoners held in U.S. custody in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and pictorial instruction on how to handle an AK-47 automatic assault rifle.
”奥拉基创办的最后一期“鼓舞”杂志在今年七月出版，其中的指示包括一篇纪念本·拉登的悼文，一首写给被关押在古巴关塔纳摩湾美军基地的囚犯的诗，以及如何使用AK -47自动枪的图解。
instruction:指示
But then Taliban and al-Qaida leaders fled into the mountains of Tora Bora, escaped into Pakistan and the fighting has raged ever since.
可是当时，塔利班和基地组织领导人逃离托拉波拉山区，进入巴基斯坦。从那时以来，战斗一直激烈的进行。
fled:逃离
In 2003, the U.S. also switched its attention to a new war - in Iraq.
2003年，美国也把它的注意力开关伊拉克的新战争。
switched:开关
That, too, ran into problems, after initial success, until U.S. forces adopted counter-insurgency tactics, sent more troops and began training local security forces, including former insurgents. That seemed to work.
伊拉克战争在以前的取得成功之后也遇到问题，后来美军采用了打击叛乱策略，派遣了更多部队，并且训练包括前叛乱人员在内的当地安全武装，这些办法看来起了作用。
former:以前的
The insurgents are now focusing on high profile attacks, car bombings and assassinations.
叛乱分子现在把注意力集中在制造引人注目的袭击、车载炸弹爆炸和暗杀攻击方面。
attacks:攻击
The insurgents are now focusing on high profile attacks, car bombings and assassinations.
叛乱分子现在把注意力集中在制造引人注目的轰炸、车载炸弹爆炸和暗杀行动方面。
bombings:轰炸
Welcome to English as a Second Language Podcast number 416: Finding a Niche in Business.
欢迎收听个ESL Podcast第416期：寻找生意场上的定位。
Finding:寻找
This episode is called “Finding a Niche in Business.”
本期节目叫做“寻找生意场上的定位。
Finding:寻找
It’s going to be the words of someone who is talking to a college class, a businessman, about finding your particular area or specialization in the business world.
”这是一位商人正在给大学生的词汇，关于在生意场上找到你的定位。
words:词汇
It’s going to be the words of someone who is talking to a college class, a businessman, about finding your particular area or specialization in the business world.
”这是一位商人正在给大学生的讲话，关于在生意场上发现你的定位。
finding:发现
I’m here today at your professor’s request to talk to you about the importance of finding your own niche in business.
就你们教授的邀请，我来给你们讲讲生意场上找到合适在这儿的重要性。
here:在这儿
I’m here today at your professor’s request to talk to you about the importance of finding your own niche in business.
就你们教授的邀请，我来给你们讲讲生意场上发现合适位置的重要性。
finding:发现
He asked him to talk to the students about the importance of finding their own niche in business.
教授叫他跟学生谈谈发现自己在生意场上定位的重要性。
finding:发现
They say that when you are investing your money for the future you should consider diversifying: putting a little money in stocks, a little money in savings accounts, and so forth.
他们说，当你为未来投资未来，你应该考虑分散投资：放一些钱到股票，存些钱在银行，等等。
future:未来
The expression “a jack of all trades and master of none” is an old expression to refer to people who are able to do many things a little bit.
“a jack of all trades and master of none”这个短语是一个老的短语，参考是指很多事情都会一点。
refer:参考
There may be certain things that you talk about at work but because you have many different projects, some of them fall by the wayside, they are no longer important enough to consider talking about and doing something about them.
在项目中，你可能有很多事情需要探讨，但是因为你有不同的项目，所以一些事情就被搁置了，因为他们没那么重要。
projects:项目
There are lots of different phrases and expressions you can use and today you’ll learn some of the most popular and useful ones.
（当然）你可以信手拈来许许多多诸如此类的不同表达，而今天你将从中学到一些最常规，最实用的短语。
phrases:短语
One of the first words you probably learnt in English was ‘Hello’- a very common way of greeting someone and suitable in both formal and more relaxed situations.
‘Hello’大概是你最先学会的单词之一，这是一种通用词汇正式场合或是轻松场合的招呼别人的方式。
words:词汇
So a reminder of our opening expressions for greeting so far: ‘Hello Richard!’
到目前为止，我们你好的表达方式有：‘Hello Richard!
Hello:你好
Hello Carrie, you alright? Jackie: And yes, you’re right, we just looked at‘Alright!’ as another way of saying hello, but we also use it to ask how someone is.
’同对，你说的没错，我们刚刚看到的‘Alrght’这个词是用来问好的，但我们也可以用来问别人过得怎么样现在来听一下你好别人的另一种表达。
Hello:你好
Hello Carrie, you alright? Jackie: And yes, you’re right, we just looked at‘Alright!’ as another way of saying hello, but we also use it to ask how someone is.
’同对，你说的没错，我们刚刚看到的‘Alrght’这个词是用来问好的，但我们也可以用来问别人过得怎么样现在来听一下你好别人的另一种表达。
hello:你好
He returns to the Great White Way this November with his solo show "Hugh Jackman: Back on Broadway."
今年十一月，他将带着他的白秀“休·杰克曼重返百老汇”回到这个不夜城。
White:白
That film project he casually mentioned is the long-awaited screen adaptation of the hit musical "Les Miserables," in which he'll play the hero, Jean Valjean, being pursued by fellow Aussie Russell Crowe as Inspector Javert.
他将在音乐中扮演一位被贾维警长（澳洲演员Russell Crowe扮演）穷追不舍的英雄“Jean Valjean”。
musical:音乐
In addition to his stage and screen success, Jackman has earned honors as the host of televised award programs including the Tony Awards three times and, in 2009, the Oscars.
”除了在舞台和荧幕上的成功之外，杰克曼因担任各大电视颁奖典礼主持人也获得的了很多荣誉。
earned:获得的
In addition to his stage and screen success, Jackman has earned honors as the host of televised award programs including the Tony Awards three times and, in 2009, the Oscars.
”除了在舞台和荧幕上的成功之外，杰克曼因担任各大电视奧斯卡獎主持人也获得了很多荣誉。
Oscars:奧斯卡獎
In addition to his stage and screen success, Jackman has earned honors as the host of televised award programs including the Tony Awards three times and, in 2009, the Oscars.
”除了在舞台和荧幕上的成功之外，杰克曼因担任各大电视颁奖典礼主持人也获得了很多奧斯卡獎。
Oscars:奧斯卡獎
"I will never forget hosting the Oscars. I still pinch myself that they asked me," he says.
比如，他曾三次主持了托尼奖奧斯卡獎，2009年主持了奥斯卡奧斯卡獎。
Oscars:奧斯卡獎
And if he gets backing for his dream project, it will combine both those loves again in a new adaptation of the classic musical "Carousel."
如果他有机会出演梦想已久的项目--改编的古典音乐剧“旋转木马”，他会投入他对表演的所有热情。
project:项目
Though their talks were wide-ranging, including the U.S.- South Korea free-trade agreement and tensions with North Korea, Mr. Obama was pressed about the U.S. response to the alleged plot.
就在国际社会谈话着“美韩自由贸易协议”以及“朝鲜紧张局势”的时候，美国总统奥巴马对伊朗政府的“阴谋”做出回应。
talks:谈话
At the State Department, spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. and Iranian diplomats had a meeting this past Wednesday, which an official said occurred at the United Nations, in which the alleged plot was discussed.
美国国务院发言人Victoria Nuland指出，这个星期三美国和伊朗外交官进行了一次会晤，讨论了这个阴谋事件，据说一位联合国外交官也出席了这次会议。
diplomats:外交官
Ratification by the U.S. Congress of the U.S.-South Korea free-trade agreement was a key focus of the Obama-Lee talks.
由美国国会批准的“美韩自由贸易批准”是这次奥巴马和李明博会谈的重点。
Ratification:批准
Other topics in Thursday's discussions included Afghanistan, support for democratic transitions in the Middle East and North Africa, the global economy and the G20 and APEC summits in November, and South Korea's planning for the next Nuclear Security Summit in March.
在星期四的会议中，将会就以下问题进行讨论：阿富汗问题，对中东和北非地区民主转型的支持，全球经济问题，举办于十一月份的二十中和亚太经贸合作组织峰会，以及韩中计划三月份举办下一届核安全峰会。
Middle:中
The Portland Seed Fund chose her idea as one of one hundred twenty-six startups to receive money and mentoring support from experts.
”波特兰种子基金从126个初创项目中选择了她的创意来接受资金和专家指导。
receive:接受
Sheetal Dube says she heard advice like that while researching her idea.
杜贝说她在调查自己的创意同时也听到了类似的建议。
while:同时
Jackie: The situation that makes me think of is of greeting a VIP - perhaps a very important politician or leader who you meet.
这个场景让我觉得是在会见一位重要人物，也许是领导者重要的政客或者领导。
leader:领导者
You might use it in the service industry, with VIPs, with much old people and, sometimes, with bosses at work.
服务行业会用到，在会见重要人物或是长者时可以用到，有时候，服务中问候上司也可以用到。
service:服务
This doesn’t mean you should never say ‘hi’ in formal situations, it’s just that if you want to sound more polite, using more complete words and phrases will help.
但是这并不是说你不能在正式场合用Hi，只是，假如你想听起来礼貌，就该用更完整的句子或短语。
phrases:短语
Now let’s look at some other handy phrases you could use in greetings.
现在来看一下其他大家可以在问候时用到的短语。
phrases:短语
BARACK OBAMA: "Even if, at the highest levels, there was not detailed operational knowledge, there has to be accountability with respect to anybody in the Iranian government engaging in this kind of activity."
奥巴马：“即使伊朗最高层领导人对于阴谋的尊重毫不知情，伊朗政府内部任何参与这一阴谋的个人也必须被追责。”
respect:尊重
ALI REZA NADER: "First of all the Iranian security services including the Revolutionary Guards like to work through proxies, so other groups, whether they are Hezbollah or Hamas or Shia insurgents in Iraq or the Taleban in Afghanistan.
纳德：“首先，伊朗安全部队包括革命卫队喜欢通过代理组织进行工作，而不管这些代理组织是真主党、哈马斯、伊拉克什叶派武装分子还是阿富汗塔利班。
work:工作
At the same time, Smith suggested that the company sell goods of less value.
同时，史密斯建议公司应该出售一些低价值的产品。
sell:出售
Mizz Bronte seems to have meant that the dyes used to color a piece of clothing were not good.
”勃朗特貌似是说，用于染这块布的染料不太好，染料无法附着于布料。
dyes:染料
He meant that Browning's poems could not be depended on to last.
布朗宁仍依賴认为是一个大诗人。
depended:依賴
Go our website today and download a Learning Guide for this episode, a special 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension questions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of every word we say on the episode.
你可以到我们的网站为本期节目下载一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，阅读答疑，文化注解，以及本期节目完整的文本。
definitions:定义
Go our website today and download a Learning Guide for this episode, a special 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension questions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of every word we say on the episode.
你可以到我们的网站为本期节目下载一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，附加解释，阅读答疑，文化注解，以及本期节目完整的文本。
sample:样品
Go our website today and download a Learning Guide for this episode, a special 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, comprehension questions, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of every word we say on the episode.
你可以到我们的网站为本期节目下载一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，阅读答疑，文化注解，以及本期节目完整的文本。
definitions:定义
Tanya and Darren are new to this city, perhaps visiting.
Tanya和Darren第一次到这座城市，可能来参观。
visiting:参观
“Residential” refers to the people who live in a particular place; the noun is “resident.”
“Residential”地点在特定区域的人们；名词是“resident.”
place:地点
An “alley” (alley) is basically a small street in between two larger streets; there are buildings on either side of the alley.
从根本上说，“alley”是两条大街之间的一条小街；路面两边都有建筑物。
alley:路面
An “alley” (alley) is basically a small street in between two larger streets; there are buildings on either side of the alley.
从根本上说，“alley”是两条大街之间的一条小街；路面两边都有建筑物。
alley:路面
An “alley” (alley) is basically a small street in between two larger streets; there are buildings on either side of the alley.
从根本上说，“alley”是两条大街之间的一条小街；路面两边都有建筑物。
alley:路面
The alley is not used for normal traffic; it’s where a car can go to park in the back of a building for example.
这条路面不是用来通车的；比如，车子可以从这条路面到达建筑后面的一个公园。
alley:路面
In my neighborhood, the block – the area I live on – doesn’t have an alley, but the next block does have an alley.
在我居住的路面就没有小街，但另外一个路面就有。
alley:路面
In my neighborhood, the block – the area I live on – doesn’t have an alley, but the next block does have an alley.
在我居住的路面就没有小街，但另外一个路面就有。
alley:路面
Some downtowns have a lot of people who live there, who have apartments and condominiums.
纽约的曼哈顿就是这样。在洛杉矶，有住在市中心。
have:有
Some downtowns have a lot of people who live there, who have apartments and condominiums.
纽约的曼哈顿就是这样。在洛杉矶，有住在市中心。
have:有
Sometimes they’re just called “the projects.” When someone refers to “the projects” or a “housing project,” the idea is that the people who live there are poor.
有时，他们叫做“the projects.”当有人说“the projects”或者“housing project,”指是住在那里的人很穷。
refers:指
Sometimes they’re just called “the projects.” When someone refers to “the projects” or a “housing project,” the idea is that the people who live there are poor.
有时，他们活“the projects.”当有人说“the projects”或者“housing project,”意思是住在那里的人很穷。
live:活
It’s the opposite of the main road, or it could be used to mean the opposite of a freeway – the slower, smaller roads.
它和主道相反，或者可以用来指高速路的反义词，又慢又小的高速公路。
freeway:高速公路
If you are new to the company, it will take you a while to get the lay of the land, meaning who’s important, who’s not important, who works where, and so forth.
如果你是一家公司的新人，你需要花一些同时来了解公司情况，意思是谁重要，谁不重要，职位如何，等等。
while:同时
The commission chairman James Fromayah said both local people and international observers had declared the election to be free and fair.
委员会主席James Fromayah宣布，当地人民和国际观察家都认为选举公平公正，不公正的结果显示，现任总统埃伦?
declared:宣布
He told the BBC that voting material had been tampered with. "We've seen film, video of people opening ballot boxes.
“我们在录像中看到人们打开投票箱，很多都是假的，我们看到的投票是被改写的，最初数据和后来公布的是有差异的，很明显已被篡改。”
ballot:投票
The Venezuelan leader has previously described his treatment as successful, but correspondents say secrecy about the exact nature of his cancer has fuelled speculation that his illness may be worse than officially stated.
这位委内瑞拉领导人之前宣称治疗很成功，但据记者说，查韦斯对癌症具体性质的遮遮掩掩，更令人们怀疑他的病情比官方宣称的要更糟。
worse:更糟
With President Yanokovych scheduled to meet with EU officials in Brussels in 10 days, analysts say fast political footwork will be needed to preserve Ukraine's European option.
乌克兰总统亚努科维奇将于10天后在布鲁塞尔和欧盟官员会晤。分析人士说，他的紧急要务，将是设法保住乌克兰加入欧盟的说。
say:说
"They can always vote the same day and the president can sign the respective legislation on the next day or on the same day," noted Kiselyov.
他已注意到：“他们总可以在提案的同一天进行表决，总统就在表决当天或第二天签署生效。”
noted:已注意到
They say freedom for Shalit would likely boost the prime minister's popularity, which has been sagging in recent months.
他们说，士兵Shalit重获自由这一事件，将很可能提升这位最近民意不振的总理提高他的威望。
boost:提升
Analysts say given the turmoil in the region, the times seemed to provide a window of opportunity for agreement on the prisoner exchange, a window that many feared might soon be closed.
分析家说，这些骚乱给这次战俘交换协议的达成提供了一个说之窗，但是很多人担心这扇窗户可能很快就会被关闭。
say:说
Analysts say given the turmoil in the region, the times seemed to provide a window of opportunity for agreement on the prisoner exchange, a window that many feared might soon be closed.
分析家说，这些骚乱给这次战俘交换协议的达成提供了一个机遇之窗，但是很多人担心这扇窗户可能很快就会似乎关闭。
seemed:似乎
Analysts say given the turmoil in the region, the times seemed to provide a window of opportunity for agreement on the prisoner exchange, a window that many feared might soon be closed.
分析家说，这些骚乱提供这次战俘交换协议的达成提供了一个机遇之窗，但是很多人担心这扇窗户可能很快就会被关闭。
provide:提供
Analysts say given the turmoil in the region, the times seemed to provide a window of opportunity for agreement on the prisoner exchange, a window that many feared might soon be closed.
分析家说，这些骚乱给这次战俘交换协议的达成提供了一个机遇之窗，但是很多人害怕这扇窗户可能很快就会被关闭。
feared:害怕
Children who lived closest to the Fukushima-1 Nuclear Power Station were among the first to be tested.
住在最邻近福岛第一核电站的儿童活下来列为了首批检查目标。
lived:活下来
In recent days, a private laboratory confirmed the presence of increased levels of radioactive cesium in some dirt at Tokyo's Edogawa ballpark.
最近几天，一个私人实验室证实，东京都江户川棒球场一些泥土中的放射性铯浓度升高。
ballpark:棒球场
Two mothers at the ballpark expressed surprise when told about the soil.
当我们谈及土壤时，棒球场的两位妈妈还表示惊讶。
ballpark:棒球场
GREGORY BARROW: "If you look at the places where World Food Program works particularly in developing countries, you see populations of people who might be spending sixty, seventy, eighty percent of their salaries on purchasing food for their families."
巴罗：“如果你看一下世界粮食计划署工作的地方，特别是发展中国家，你就会看到人们可能要花费他们收入的60%到80%来为家庭采购食物。”
purchasing:采购
Now, farmers there want the government to buy their food and get it to those in need.
现在，这里的农民希望政府买他们的粮食并送到需要的人手里。
buy:买
Farmers say bad roads and a lack of transportation make it difficult for them to get their produce to market. Storage is another problem.
农民称路况不好以及缺乏运输工具使他们难以将其生产产品运到市场，生产储存也是一个问题。
produce:生产
He says he regrets that he wastes at least twenty-five percent of his harvest while other Kenyans are hungry.
他表示感到遗憾的是，当其他肯尼亚人挨饿同时，自己却浪费至少25%的粮食收成。
while:同时
Then, they can buy it at a good price, then give it to those people instead of asking for food from overseas, which is very bad.
然后，政府可以以合适价格买，并分给那些挨饿的人们，而不是寻求海外粮食援助--这点是非常糟糕的。
buy:买
Economists say the imports reduce local food prices, decrease productivity and increase dependency among the people.
”经济学家表示，粮食进口减少了当地粮食价格，减少了生产效率，并增加了人们的依赖。
reduce:减少
Mr. Gitau says if he could receive higher prices for his crops, he could feed more Kenyans.
Gitau先生说，如果他的饲料收成可以卖出更高价，他可以养活更多肯尼亚人。
feed:饲料
Visit at eslpod.com. When you go our website, you can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using the vocabulary, additional explanations of words we use on this episode that are not explained on the audio file, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以访问我们的网站eslpod. com，为本期节目下载一篇学习指导，包含节目中所有的词汇，解释，词汇新例句，节目中没有讲解的单词的附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整的文本。
contains:包含
Visit at eslpod.com. When you go our website, you can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using the vocabulary, additional explanations of words we use on this episode that are not explained on the audio file, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以访问我们的网站eslpod. com，为本期节目下载一篇学习指导，包括节目中所有的词汇，定义，词汇新例句，节目中没有讲解的单词的附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整的文本。
definitions:定义
Visit at eslpod.com. When you go our website, you can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using the vocabulary, additional explanations of words we use on this episode that are not explained on the audio file, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以访问我们的网站eslpod. com，为本期节目下载一篇学习指导，包括节目中所有的词汇，解释，词汇新样品，节目中没有讲解的单词的附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整的文本。
sample:样品
“French fries” are a snack that is made by frying long pieces of potato in oil and then adding salt.
“French fries”是一种小吃，长的油炸土豆条，增加盐。
adding:增加
That needs power, as well as frequent changes of the filter element as the pores fill up with bugs.
这需要消耗电力，而且由于微孔上积满了细菌，滤水器如也需经常更换。
as:如
That needs power, as well as frequent changes of the filter element as the pores fill up with bugs.
这需要消耗电力，而且由于微孔上积满了细菌，滤水器如也需经常更换。
as:如
That needs power, as well as frequent changes of the filter element as the pores fill up with bugs.
这需要消耗电力，而且由于微孔上积满了细菌，滤水器如也需经常更换。
as:如
The filter element he and his team have designed is a mesh of tiny carbon cylinders, known as nanotubes, and silver wires laid on top of a thin strip of cotton cloth.
崔教授及其团队所设计的滤水器他采用微小的碳圆柱形网状物，也就是碳纳米管。
he:他
The filter element he and his team have designed is a mesh of tiny carbon cylinders, known as nanotubes, and silver wires laid on top of a thin strip of cotton cloth.
崔教授及其团队所设计的滤水器碳采用微小的碳圆柱形网状物，也就是碳纳米管。
carbon:碳
The filter element he and his team have designed is a mesh of tiny carbon cylinders, known as nanotubes, and silver wires laid on top of a thin strip of cotton cloth.
崔教授及其团队所设计的滤水器如采用微小的碳圆柱形网状物，也就是碳纳米管。
as:如
The chance that innocent folk may be executed counts for more, with many, than the deterrent effect of capital punishment (itself questioned by academic studies).
许多人对无辜者被错被执行的关切也超过了对死刑威慑作用（研究结果对此提出置疑）的认可。
executed:被执行
You can go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode, an 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences, additional definitions not found in this audio podcast, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything that you hear.
您可以到那里为本期节目下载8-10页的学习指导。包括所有的词汇，定义，新的例句，播客中没有提到的单词附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及一篇完整的文本。
definitions:定义
You can go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode, an 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences, additional definitions not found in this audio podcast, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything that you hear.
您可以到那里为本期节目下载8-10页的学习指导。包括所有的词汇，解释，新的样品，播客中没有提到的单词附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及一篇完整的文本。
sample:样品
You can go there and download a Learning Guide for this episode, an 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences, additional definitions not found in this audio podcast, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything that you hear.
您可以到那里为本期节目下载8-10页的学习指导。包括所有的词汇，定义，新的例句，播客中没有提到的单词附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及一篇完整的文本。
definitions:定义
Our dialogue begins with Joachim saying, “I’m really having second thoughts about hiring a firm to do corporate spying for us.” When someone says they have “second thoughts” about something, they mean that they feel like, perhaps, they made the wrong decision, that they need to change their mind about something.
对话一开始，Joachim就说“I’m really having second thoughts about hiring a firm to do corporate spying for us.”当有说关于某事，他们有“second thoughts”，意思是他们意识到做了错误的决定，因此需要改变自己的看法。
have:有
Our dialogue begins with Joachim saying, “I’m really having second thoughts about hiring a firm to do corporate spying for us.” When someone says they have “second thoughts” about something, they mean that they feel like, perhaps, they made the wrong decision, that they need to change their mind about something.
对话一开始，Joachim就说“I’m really having second thoughts about hiring a firm to do corporate spying for us.”当某人说关于某事，他们有“second thoughts”，意思是他们感觉到做了错误的决定，因此需要改变自己的看法。
feel:感觉
Sometimes we use the word “snoop” to refer to something that isn’t quite as serious as spying; trying to find out information about another person, but it’s not exactly trying to get secret information about them.
有时我们用“snoop”指和监视相比，没那么重要的事；不遗余力的找出另一个人的秘密，但是不一定是机密秘密。
secret:秘密
Dawn says,“I know you’re thinking about Hewer Placket hiring investigators to find a leak in their company.” Dawn is talking about another company called Hewer Placket, which of course is not a real company – although it does sound a lot like a famous computer company that was spying on its own employees and finding information about them.
Dawn说，“I know you’re thinking about Hewer Placket hiring investigators to 发现 a leak in their company.”Dawn在说一家叫做Hewer Placket的公司，当然这不是一家真实存在的公司——虽然听起来像一家著名的电脑公司正在监视自己的员工，搜集关于他们的信息。
finding:发现
This is a problem in government, when the government tries to keep secret information and then somebody takes that from inside the government and gives it, for example, to a newspaper.
这也是政府的一个难题。当政府费尽心思的保护机密秘密时，而某个人从政府那里获得秘密并把它转交给报社。
secret:秘密
This is a problem in government, when the government tries to keep secret information and then somebody takes that from inside the government and gives it, for example, to a newspaper.
这也是政府的一个难题。当政府费尽心思的保护机密例如时，而某个人从政府那里获得例如并把它转交给报社。
example:例如
He says, “I won’t allow wiretaps or any invasion of privacy.” “Wiretaps” (wiretaps) is when someone listens secretly to your conversation, either on the telephone or in a building somewhere; they’re listening and usually recording your conversation without your knowledge.
他说，“I won’t allow wiretaps or any invasion of privacy.”“Wiretaps”是某个人偷听你的电话或偷听你在房子里谈话；在没有征得你的许可下，他们还会录音。
conversation:谈话
He says, “I won’t allow wiretaps or any invasion of privacy.” “Wiretaps” (wiretaps) is when someone listens secretly to your conversation, either on the telephone or in a building somewhere; they’re listening and usually recording your conversation without your knowledge.
他说，“I won’t allow wiretaps or any invasion of privacy.”“Wiretaps”是某个人偷听你的电话或偷听你在房子里谈话；在没有征得你的许可下，他们还会录音。
conversation:谈话
Well, you want to do damage control; you want to make sure the problem is not any worse or gets any worse, perhaps by refunding the money to all of your customers.
那么，你想要去扭转这个更糟的局面；你希望通过赔偿消费者，来确保问题不会变得更严重。
worse:更糟
Well, you want to do damage control; you want to make sure the problem is not any worse or gets any worse, perhaps by refunding the money to all of your customers.
那么，你想要去扭转这个更糟的局面；你希望通过赔偿消费者，来确保问题不会变得更严重。
worse:更糟
Well, you want to do damage control; you want to make sure the problem is not any worse or gets any worse, perhaps by refunding the money to all of your customers.
那么，你想要去扭转这个糟糕的局面；你希望通过赔偿顾客，来确保问题不会变得更严重。
customers:顾客
“Rival” is another word for a competitor, a person or a company that you are competing against that, perhaps, sells the same kind of thing as you do.
是指和你竞争的某个人或某家公司，他们和你出售的产品相同。
sells:出售
To “schmooze” (schmooze) means to have a casual, informal conversation with other people, usually so that you can get to know more important people so that you can make contacts.
这里我们使用的另一个动词是“network,”是指为了获得更多信息或好工作，而去会见你行业领域中的人；有人闲谈有很多原因。
have:有
Usually in the U.S., when someone refers to the Times, they’re usually talking about the largest, or one of the largest national newspapers, The New York Times.
通常，在美国，国家人提到Times，他们是指美国发行量最大的纽约时报。
national:国家
The former Socialist Party chief in France, Francois Hollande, has won the party's nomination to stand against President Nicolas Sarkozy in next year's election.
萨科齐竞争明年的选举。社会党现任酋长玛蒂娜?
chief:酋长
The Italian government has promised tough punishment for those behind Saturday's riots in Rome, some of the worst street violence in the city for decades.
意大利政府决定对周六罗马暴乱事件嫌疑人施以重罚，这是几十年来罗马发生的最严重的街头暴动。
riots:暴动
Police clashed with demonstrators on a march through the capital, one of a series of protests around the world against corporate greed and cuts to public services.
在首都的一次游行中，警方与游行者发生冲突，这次游行是全世界抗议企业贪婪并要求削减公共部门游行的剪切。
cuts:剪切
The authorities have been swift to sweep up the street damage, tow away burnt-out cars, sandblast graffiti and board up or replace broken bank and shop windows.
当局迅速阻止街头暴力，拖走燃烧的汽车，清理喷砂拖，封闭或修理被毁的银行和商店橱窗。
tow:拖
Forces from Libya's interim authority, the NTC, are trying to find a new strategy to dislodge fighters still loyal to Colonel Gaddafi from their position in the city of Sirte.
利比亚临时当局全国过渡委员会( NTC)试图解散新战略，将仍效忠卡扎菲上校的武装分子从其在苏尔特市的阵地驱逐出去。
dislodge:解散
A BBC correspondent there says the NTC forces have lost focus and momentum after days of fighting.
当地一位BBC记者说，经过几天的战斗，NTC势头已失去作战重点和动力。
momentum:势头
President Obama has attended a dedication ceremony in Washington for a new memorial to the assassinated civil rights leader Martin Luther King.
奥巴马总统在华盛顿出席出席暗杀的民权领袖马丁?路德?
attended:出席
People in Bolivia are voting to choose the country's senior judges. The judicial elections were introduced by President Evo Morales, who says they'll make Bolivia's justice system more accountable.
”玻利维亚人民选举国家高级法官，这次司法选举是总统莫拉莱斯引入实行，他说，这将使玻利维亚的司法体系更负责。
elections:选举
For the first time, Bolivians are getting a direct say in who will sit in the country's top courts. Judges were chosen directly by politicians before, but now more than five million people will elect them from a list of candidates who were put forward by the Bolivian Congress.
玻利维亚人首席直接决定谁坐在国家最高法院的位置上，之前法官由候选人直接选出，而如今，500多万人民将从玻利维亚国会推出的候选人中选出最高法官。
candidates:候选人
The Mexican army says it's rescued 61 men who were being held captive by a drugs gang near the border with the United States.
墨西哥军方声称在邻美国边境附近营救61名被贩毒团俘虏者，俘虏是在Coahuila州的一处被嫌疑绑架者守卫的民居里发现的，他们说自己是在墨西哥不同地区被绑架的，男士为有组织的犯罪者工作。
men:男士
The Mexican army says it's rescued 61 men who were being held captive by a drugs gang near the border with the United States.
墨西哥军方声称在邻美国边境附近营救61名被贩毒团俘虏者，俘虏是在Coahuila是的一处被嫌疑绑架者守卫的民居里发现的，他们说自己是在墨西哥不同地区被绑架的，被迫为有组织的犯罪者工作。
being:是
Cain acknowledged on ABC's Good Morning America program that he has little foreign policy experience, but said if elected he would work to solidify ties with U.S. allies like Israel and take a tougher line toward adversaries like Iran.
但是，他说如果自己当选了，他将努力团结美国的同盟国，例如以色列；并且对像伊朗这样不友好的国家当选更加强硬的外交政策路线。
elected:当选
Revered civil-rights leader Reverend Jesse Jackson greeted reporters before his formal remarks, saying King’s fight must go on.
受人尊敬的民权领袖杰西·杰克逊牧师在发表正式说前对记者说，马丁.路德.金的奋斗必须继续。
saying:说
“We have the obligation to not just glow in this but to keep raising the challenging and disturbing moral questions of economic justice and fairness," he said.
杰克逊说：“我们不仅有义务将这种精神提高，而且还要继续提出具有挑战性和令人不安的有关经济正义和公平的道德问题。”
raising:提高
“We have the obligation to not just glow in this but to keep raising the challenging and disturbing moral questions of economic justice and fairness," he said.
杰克逊说：“我们不仅有义务将这种精神发扬光大，而且还要继续提出具有挑战性和令人不安的有关经济公平和公平的道德问题。”
fairness:公平
“Because of that hopeful vision because of Dr. King’s moral imagination, barricades began to fall and bigotry began to fade.
奥巴马说：“因为那充满希望的视野，因为金博士的道德视觉，障碍开始瓦解，偏执开始消失。
vision:视觉
Bani Walid has been one of the last strongholds of support for Muammar Gaddafi, but it's his hometown Sirte that is the real prize for the new authorities.
拜尼沃利德家乡是穆阿迈尔?卡扎菲的最后根据地之一，而对新当局来说，他的家乡苏尔特的解放，才是真正的奖赏。
hometown:家乡
Judges are expected to rule today on a request to delay or block the prisoners' release. However, as Kevin Connolly reports from Gaza, Palestinians are already preparing for their release. It is a little premature, and somewhere eyes are still being dotted and tears crossed.
预料今天将就是否推迟或阻止囚徒释放一事进行判决，然而，根据Kevin Connolly从加沙发回的报道，巴基斯坦人已经为释放做好了准备。
expected:预料
This was a wedding party making its way towards the main square, where in less than 24 hours huge crowds are expected to gather to welcome home their returned prisoners.
庆祝的声音响彻加沙城，返回主广场的路上刚举办了一个婚宴，而在不到24小时的时间里，这里已经http:// www. remword. cn了大批人，前来欢迎归国的被释者。
returned:返回
Mr Schaeuble said European leaders will adopt a new plan, but he warned that it won't be a complete resolution of the crisis.
朔伊布勒说，欧洲领导人将接受新的计划，但他警告说，危机的最终解决方案不可能达成。
adopt:接受
Financial markets have welcomed this as evidence that governments are preparing decisive action, but some observers think the optimism may be overdone.
金融市场对此非常欢迎，认为这表明各国政府正准备欢迎决定性举措，而一些观察家认为该观点过于乐观。
welcomed:欢迎
The chairman of the London Olympics, Sebastian Coe, said it showed the power sport has to inspire unity.
伦敦奥委会主席塞巴斯蒂安?科表示，这显示运动具有激励团结的力量。
inspire:激励
But while twin studies are useful for establishing the extent to which a characteristic is heritable, they do not finger the particular genes at work.
虽然关于双胞胎的研究有助于确定一个性格特征在多大程度上能被遗传，但是这项研究并未范围到底是哪个基因起到了遗传作用。
extent:范围
Serotonin is involved in mood regulation. Serotonin transporters are crucial to this job.
血清素与情绪调节参与，而血清素转运体在其中的作用至关重要。
involved:参与
People have two versions (known as alleles) of each gene, one from each parent.
人类拥有分别来自父亲与母亲的两个血清素转运体阿莱尔，每个阿莱尔有两种版本（被称为等位阿莱尔）。
alleles:阿莱尔
Dr De Neve found that those with one long allele were 8% more likely than those with none to describe themselves as very satisfied; those with two long alleles were 17% more likely.
德?内弗博士发现，拥有一个长型阿莱尔的人对自身评价“非常满意”的比例比没有长型阿莱尔的人多8%；而拥有两个长型阿莱尔的人则多17%。
allele:阿莱尔
Dr De Neve found that those with one long allele were 8% more likely than those with none to describe themselves as very satisfied; those with two long alleles were 17% more likely.
德?内弗博士发现，拥有一个长型阿莱尔的人对自身评价“非常满意”的比例比没有长型阿莱尔的人多8%；而拥有两个长型阿莱尔的人则多17%。
alleles:阿莱尔
That some populations have more of the long version of the serotonin-transporter gene has been noticed before, though the association has previously been made at a national, rather than a racial, level.
之前也有注意到一些人拥有更多的长型血清素转运体基因，不过研究角度是国家而非种族。伊利诺斯州西北大学的约翰?
have:有
That some populations have more of the long version of the serotonin-transporter gene has been noticed before, though the association has previously been made at a national, rather than a racial, level.
之前也国家注意到一些人拥有更多的长型血清素转运体基因，不过研究角度是国家而非种族。伊利诺斯州西北大学的约翰?
national:国家
Their hypothesis is that cultures prone to anxiety tend towards systems that emphasise social harmony and away from ones that emphasise individuals’ independence of each other.
他们的假设是：有焦虑倾向的文化趋于实行强调文化和谐的制度，而远离强调个人独立的制度。
cultures:文化
Surprise was part of the delight. The givers chose presents with care and imagination, and hoped the recipients would treasure them.
过去在美国，人们收到礼物礼物，并不知道漂亮的包装纸里裹的是什么，开心之余还有惊喜。
presents:礼物
If she fancied a certain spoon pattern, or a particular pillowcase - or a special crib for little "Babykins"-to-come - she'd put these items on her wish list, then tell her friends she was "registered" at that store.
通常是准新娘或准妈妈来到当地商场注册登记，如果她喜欢某款汤匙，或是一款枕套，或是为未来宝宝买的某一特定的小儿床，她就把这些想要的东西写在希望单上，然后告诉朋友她已在那家商店“注册”过。
wish:希望
If she fancied a certain spoon pattern, or a particular pillowcase - or a special crib for little "Babykins"-to-come - she'd put these items on her wish list, then tell her friends she was "registered" at that store.
通常是准新娘或准妈妈来到当地商场注册登记，如果她喜欢朋友款汤匙，或是一款枕套，或是为未来宝宝买的朋友一特定的小儿床，她就把这些想要的东西写在愿望单上，然后告诉朋友她已在那家商店“注册”过。
friends:朋友
"It was interesting to learn the history of the area and the recent development with democracy and that sort of thing," she says, "and then talk to these people and see what the social dynamics were, what the ethnic divisions were, how certain groups felt about other groups."
她说：“能够学到当地历史以及近代民主运动之类的知识，是很有趣的，与当地人交谈，体察什么是当地社会的动力、种族分离，一定人的人如何看待其他人。”
people:人
In the nineteen thirties, a song, "Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?," was very popular in the United States.
在二十世纪三十年代的美国，一首“兄弟，能不能给我一角迪姆？
Dime:迪姆
A dime sometimes meant the difference between eating and starving.
但二十世纪三十年代时情况不同一角钱币有时就决定着饥饱。
dime:钱币
Much later, the Times of London newspaper used the expression about bad economic times during the eighteen sixties.
多年以后，泰晤士报使用这个短语描述十九世纪六十年代经济困难时间。
Times:时间
Much later, the Times of London newspaper used the expression about bad economic times during the eighteen sixties.
多年以后，泰晤士报使用这个短语描述十九世纪六十年代经济困难时间。
times:时间
Worse than feeling the pinch is being up against it.
比手头拮据更更糟的是的是四面受困。
Worse:更糟的是
It says the words probably came from the sport of boxing, or prizefighting. he book says the saying began because a competitor's face was cleaned with a cloth towel or other material.
这本词典说，这句短语可能起源于奖牌竞赛这种说法来自于奖牌竞赛手用毛巾或其他东西擦脸。
prizefighting:奖牌竞赛
If you ever tried to walk on a fallen tree log, you understand what the expression means.
如果你曾经试着在平放的圆木上堕落，你就能理解这个词语的含义。
fallen:堕落
Kurt: I only took that job as a steppingstone to the next one, but it turned out to be a stumbling block instead.
Kurt ：这是我的第一份工作，我把它接受下一个工作的跳板，但是恰恰相反，它却成了我的绊脚石。
took:接受
The conversation begins with the woman who works for the employment agency asking Kurt, “Tell me why you’d like to sign up with our employment agency” –tell me why you want to use our agency – our company – to help you find a job.
对话开始，一个职介所女职员问Kurt，“Tell me why you’d like to sign up with our employment agency”-告诉我你为什么想通过我们公司（公司）找工作。
company:公司
Kurt says, “There are no opportunities for advancement.” “Advancement,” here, means moving up in the company; it’s the same as a “promotion,” to get a better job in the same company.
Kurt说，“There are no 说 for advancement.”“Advancement,”在这里，意思是在公司里升职；和“promotion”意思相同，就是在公司里获得更好的工作。
says:说
So that’s what a pay scale is; it’s a set of, we would call them, “steps” that you go through as you are in the company longer, as you have more experience, or perhaps as you increase your education while at the job.
所以，这就是薪水等级；当你在一家公司久了，有了更多经验，或当你经验提升了，工资就会依据这个系统而改变。
experience:经验
A “pay raise” is an increase in the amount of money you receive for working, an increase in your salary.
“pay raise”是工资金额的提高。
raise:提高
Usually, “menial” is a very simple physical task, such as washing the windows, or washing cars, or washing dishes – these are menial jobs.
“burn out”意思是你不能再做那份任务了；无论是身体还是精神上，你都精疲力竭了。
task:任务
Usually, “menial” is a very simple physical task, such as washing the windows, or washing cars, or washing dishes – these are menial jobs.
“burn out”意思是你不能再做那份洗衣服了；无论是身体还是精神上，你都精疲力竭了。
washing:洗衣服
Usually, “menial” is a very simple physical task, such as washing the windows, or washing cars, or washing dishes – these are menial jobs.
“burn out”意思是你不能再做那份洗衣服了；无论是身体还是精神上，你都精疲力竭了。
washing:洗衣服
Usually, “menial” is a very simple physical task, such as washing the windows, or washing cars, or washing dishes – these are menial jobs.
“burn out”意思是你不能再做那份洗衣服了；无论是身体还是精神上，你都精疲力竭了。
washing:洗衣服
So, you start washing dishes, and you say, “Well, that’s a steppingstone for cleaning the tables in the dining room; that’s what I really want to do.”
那么，你开始洗盘子，你宣称，“哎，这份洗衣服是在饭厅擦桌子的一个跳板；也是我做这份洗衣服的原因。
washing:洗衣服
To “stumble” means to fall; “stumbling block,” then, would be something in your path – in your way that would make you fall.
“stumble”意思是降落；“stumbling block,”是然后在你使你失败的事物。
then:然后
It contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not discussed on the audio episode, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of every word we say on this episode so you can follow along as well.
包含节目中所有的词汇，解释，例句，播客中没有提到的附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整的文本，供您查阅。
contains:包含
It contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not discussed on the audio episode, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of every word we say on this episode so you can follow along as well.
包括节目中所有的词汇，定义，例句，播客中没有提到的附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整的文本，供您查阅。
definitions:定义
It contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not discussed on the audio episode, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of every word we say on this episode so you can follow along as well.
包括节目中所有的词汇，解释，样品，播客中没有提到的附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整的文本，供您查阅。
sample:样品
It contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not discussed on the audio episode, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of every word we say on this episode so you can follow along as well.
包括节目中所有的词汇，定义，例句，播客中没有提到的附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整的文本，供您查阅。
definitions:定义
It is a dialogue between Brett and his mom.
这是Brett和他妈妈之间的对话。
mom:妈妈
Why are all of your dishes on the floor?
怎么盘子都在为什么?呢？
Why:为什么?
Let’s go this way to the kitchen.” Then he says, “Watch out for that hole in the floor.” If somebody says “watch out for” something, that’s a warning to let people know they may be in danger or there may be something they need to be careful about.
之后他说，“Come on. I’ll show you the rest of the house. Let’s go this way to the kitchen.”然后他说，“Watch out for that hole in the floor.”如果某人说“watch out for”某事物，这是一个告诫，让人们知道他们可能在那儿险境或者他们需要小心。
there:在那儿
Brett says to his mom, “Watch out for that hole in the floor.”
Brett对妈妈说，“Watch out for that hole in the floor.”当然，这个迹象首先表明Brett的房子不太好。
mom:妈妈
When there’s a crime, when someone does something illegal, and the police come to where the crime took place - we would call it “the scene of the crime” - they usually have an investigation, and they put a long piece of thin plastic that says “Do Not Cross.”
Brett继续说道，“And don’t worry about the‘Do Not Cross - Police Line’tape. It’s a joke.”如果有犯罪，警察赶到案发现场，我们说“犯罪现场”-通常情况下，他们会调查案件，并且拉起一片长而薄的塑料带子，上面写着，“Do Not Cross.”这是在告诉人们不能进入这个区域。
have:有
This is something I could never do in school; the teachers were always saying, “Pay attention McQuillan!”
我在学校一般不能专心听老师说；所以老师常常说，“McQuillan，注意听！”
saying:说
Someone may say to you, “I want to give you the heads up (or a heads up) the new project the manager is asking us to work on tomorrow.”
某个人可能会对你说，“我需要给你提个醒，新项目的经理要我们明天继续项目。”
project:项目
For example, if one of your neighbor children - some of the children who live next to you are hitting golf balls and these golf balls are hitting the side of your house, and they might even hit you, the child may say, “Look out!” or, “Look out for that ball!” meaning you have to be careful that you don’t get hit.
比如，你邻居的小孩在打高尔夫球，这些高尔夫球打到你房子上，很可能伤到你，这些孩子就会说，“Look out for that ball!”意思是活不要受伤了。
live:活
Britain’s tech trailblazers have a western frontier of their own in “Silicon Gorge,” a cluster of microchip firms around Bristol.
英国的技术先驱们在本国西部开辟了“硅峡谷”，堪称英国西部的技术前沿阵地--遍布布里斯托周边的一片微芯片企业集群。
cluster:集群
The then Labour government decided that Britain needed a microelectronics industry and in 1978 invested ?50m ($96m) in a stake in Inmos, a new venture with a design team in Bristol and a chip plant in Newport, South Wales.
当时由工党执政的英国政府坚定认为英国需要一个微电产业。于是，他们在1978年购买了Inmos公司价值5000万英镑（9600万美元）的赌注。
stake:赌注
David May left a teaching post at Warwick University for a job at Inmos in 1978.
1978年，大卫·梅（David May）从华威大学的教学左辞职，加入了Inmos。
left:左
David May left a teaching post at Warwick University for a job at Inmos in 1978.
1978年，大卫·梅（David May）从华威大学的教学邮寄辞职，加入了Inmos。
post:邮寄
Picochip is the market leader in femtocells, which redirect mobile-phone signals through landlines, boosting coverage in remote areas and prolonging battery life.
”Picochip还是飞蜂窝（Femtocells）--一种能通过路上信号线重新定向手机信号，并且加强偏远地区的信号覆盖能力以及延长电池寿命的基站--的市场领头羊。
signals:信号
Picochip is the market leader in femtocells, which redirect mobile-phone signals through landlines, boosting coverage in remote areas and prolonging battery life.
”Picochip还是飞蜂窝（Femtocells）--一种能通过路上通讯陆路线重新定向手机信号，并且加强偏远地区的信号覆盖能力以及延长电池寿命的基站--的市场领头羊。
landlines:陆路线
The twist with Icera’s chips, says Steve Allpress, a co-founder, is the efficient way they “speak” to base stations, allowing for quicker and cheaper data downloads.
据其中一位创始人，斯蒂夫·奥佩斯（Steve Allpress），介绍，Icera芯片的扭曲方向是寻求一种和基站“对话”的有效方法，而这能够使数据下载变得更加便捷和实惠。
twist:扭曲
The two other co-founders, Stan Boland and Simon Knowles, previously carved a successful venture out of Acorn, a British computer firm that also sired ARM.
另外两位合作创始人，斯坦·波兰德（Stan Boland）和西蒙·诺尔斯（Simon Knowles），先前成功英国人经营过Acorn --一家生产高级精简指令集计算机（ARM）的英国计算机公司。
British:英国人
But the previous day the Senate threw down the gauntlet to China.
但是前一天，参议院对中国发起了毛衣。
gauntlet:毛衣
The latest figures show that the economy added 103,000 jobs in September and previous months’ totals were significantly revised up.
最新数据表明，美国经济在9月份高了103000份工作，前几个月新增的就业岗位数量也被大幅调高了。
up:高
The researchers find that every 10% rise in Chinese imports in a firm’s industry was associated with increases of 3.2% in patent filing, 3.6% in IT spending and 12% in R&D. Competition from China drives low-tech firms out of the market, but forces others to upgrade.
研究人员发现，一家公司的中国进口每升高10%，专利的申请数量就会升高3.2%，信息技术方面的投资就会升高3.6%,研发会升高12%。中国的竞争会将低科技企业淘汰出市场，但是会迫使其他企业更新换代。
rise:升高
The researchers find that every 10% rise in Chinese imports in a firm’s industry was associated with increases of 3.2% in patent filing, 3.6% in IT spending and 12% in R&D. Competition from China drives low-tech firms out of the market, but forces others to upgrade.
研究人员发现，一家公司的中国进口每增长10%，专利的申请数量就会增长3.2%，信息技术方面的投资就会增长3.6%,研发会增长12%。中国的竞争会将低资讯科技企业淘汰出市场，但是会迫使其他企业更新换代。
IT:资讯科技
The intersection of politics and religion in the 2012 race for the White House came into sharp focus because of comments from an evangelical Christian pastor, Robert Jeffress, who supports Texas Governor Rick Perry for president.
在种族2012年白宫之路的政治和宗教交口上，由于一名基督教牧师罗伯特·杰夫里斯的言论，引起激烈争辩。杰夫里斯支持德克萨斯州长里克.佩里竞逐共和党的总统侯选人。
race:种族
"That idea that we should choose people based upon their religion for public office is what I find to be most troubling because the founders of this country went to great lengths, and even put it in the Constitution, that we would not choose people to represent us in government based upon their religion," noted Romney.
他已注意到：“根据宗教信仰来选人择担任公职的理念，在我看来是最令人感到不安的。因为我们国家的开国元勋们做了如此长远的努力，甚至在写入宪法，规定我们不应基于宗教，选举我们在政府中的代表。”
noted:已注意到
It was meant to be a peaceful effort to voice unhappiness over the government's failure to provide concrete responses to existing problems.
抗议努力原本是要和平进行，以对政府没能对现有问题作出具体的回应表达不满。
effort:努力
But soon extremist elements infiltrated the demonstrators, turning their anger into violence.
但是不久，极端主义分子潜入示威者中，将他们的愤怒转变成暴力。
infiltrated:潜入
Simoni says the economy could get worse before it gets better.
西摩尼说，意大利经济在更好之前会变得更糟。
better:更好
Now authorities are discussing what measures need to be adopted to avoid a repeat of what was described as incredible and unacceptable violence.
目前当局在讨论需要通过的哪些措施以避免再次发生他们所说的难以置信和不可接受的暴力事件。
adopted:通过的
"When we determine the nature of the state, then we will determine what kind of economy we will have, whether it will be a directed economy or an open market economy," bin Isa said.
“我们决定国家的性质，我们就要首先确定国家的经济体制，是直接经济或开放市场经济，这是一个问题。”Fathi bin Isa指示。
directed:指示
"When we determine the nature of the state, then we will determine what kind of economy we will have, whether it will be a directed economy or an open market economy," bin Isa said.
“我们决定打开的性质，我们就要首先确定打开的经济体制，是直接经济或开放市场经济，这是一个问题。”Fathi bin Isa说道。
open:打开
According to Arab League officials, Syria has agreed to the proposals without reservation.
阿盟官方称，叙利亚毫无保留地按接受该建议。
According:按
This evening, the German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Sarkozy will confront George Papandreou with a blunt message: Greece has to stick to its commitment.
今晚，德国总理安吉拉·默克尔和法国总统萨科齐将直面乔治·帕潘德里欧，并向他消息一条强硬的信息：希腊必须实践其诺言。
message:消息
Laura Trevelyan reports. Viktor Bout, the former Soviet military officer-turned-arms dealer nicknamed the Merchant of Death, showed no emotion as the jury delivered a unanimous verdict.
维克多·布特是前苏联时期的一名军官，后来从事军火交易，绰号“死亡交易商”。陪审团全体一致表决时，他毫不动色。
dealer:交易商
Israel announced the building programme on Monday after the UN cultural organisation Unesco admitted Palestine as a full member, but it says that acceleration isn't linked to that.
自周一联合国教科文组织宣布接纳巴勒斯坦为会员国，以色列便宣布加快建筑，但声称这与巴勒斯坦无关系。
building:建筑
Israel announced the building programme on Monday after the UN cultural organisation Unesco admitted Palestine as a full member, but it says that acceleration isn't linked to that.
自周一联合国教科文组织方案接纳巴勒斯坦为会员国，以色列便方案加快建设项目，但声称这与巴勒斯坦无关系。
programme:方案
Mr Ocampo called on all states to disrupt a possible plan by Saif al-Islam Gaddafi to escape Libya with the help of mercenaries. The whereabouts of Colonel Gaddafi's son are unknown, but it's been reported that he's hiding with desert nomads in Niger.
奥坎波呼吁所有国家要破坏赛义夫·伊斯兰·卡扎菲在雇佣军帮助下逃离利比亚的可能，卡扎菲上校儿子的下落尚不清楚，然而据报道，他躲藏在尼日尔沙漠游牧区。
disrupt:破坏
The President of Ghana, John Atta Mills, has reacted angrily to comments by the British Prime Minister David Cameron, in which he said aid could be withheld from countries that deny gay rights. Mr Atta Mills said Britain couldn't impose its values on his country.
英国首相发表评论，称将援助从拒绝同性恋权利的英国人撤出，加纳总统约翰·阿塔·米尔斯对此表示生气，他说，英国不该将自己的价值观强加给自己英国人。
British:英国人
Oxford University’s Carlos Vargas Silva said Poles are faring better than other immigrants during this recession because they normally come for work - not family reasons.
剑桥大学的卡洛斯.席尔瓦说，在当前经济衰退的情况下，波兰人的经济状况比其它移民更好很多，这是因为他们移民的目的是为了工作，不是由于家庭的原因。
better:更好
A top-level domain is the part of an Internet address after the dot.
顶级域名是指网址中dot（即.）后面的顶部。
top:顶部
For example, ICANN says Africa represented less than twelve percent of Internet growth worldwide in the last ten years.
例如，ICANN称，在过去十年，非洲在全球互联网增长中占到的百分比小于12%。
percent:百分比
BRAD WHITE: "It is a continent with many nations that are just now discovering the Internet, and what it brings to bear in terms of information flow.
怀特：“这片有着许多国家的大陆（指非洲）正在探索互联网以及它在信息流方面承载的资料。
information:资料
Mr. White says the approval process that follows will take several months, and it could take up to a year for new names to become active.
怀特先生表示，随后的审批过程将需要数月时间，同时新通用顶级域名的过程可能需要长达一年时间。
process:过程
Rob: Mmm, saying get lost is quite impolite so you need to be careful how you say it and who you say it to.
呣，跟别人说“get lost”会显得很粗鲁，所以一定要注意你说的方式以及是在跟谁说这句说。
saying:说
Worse still, for a decade Chicago has had significant and growing shortfalls which have only been plugged using creative, but one-off, fixes dreamed up by the previous mayor. These include, for example, leasing all its metered street parking for 75 years-something that still annoys the locals.
更更糟的是的是，10年来芝加哥财政赤字巨大，并且一直不断增长，上任市长曾想出一些颇具创意却治标不治本的政策填补过这一空缺，将设有收费表的路边泊车位出租长达75年之久就是一例，此补救措施直到现在都令当地居民甚为恼火。
Worse:更糟的是
The rest has been found by raising new revenue, whether through new or increased fees, fines, charges or (whisper it) taxes.
）还有税收，或是在原有基础上对这些进行提高，所获得的收益可以填补剩余休息。
rest:休息
Since almost everybody pays the fee, the corporation has tended to conclude that it should aim to please as many people as possible.
因为几乎人人都会支付这笔费用，所以公司更愿意将娱乐尽可能多的人作为目的。
aim:目的
For the past 10 years or so, the BBC has tried to create popular shows while also relentlessly targeting groups that seemed to reject its embrace.
在过去大约十年的过去里，BBC一直在尝试着上演大众节目秀，同时坚决的将群体作为自己的目标。
past:过去
For the past 10 years or so, the BBC has tried to create popular shows while also relentlessly targeting groups that seemed to reject its embrace.
在过去大约十年的时间里，BBC一直在尝试着上演大众节目秀，同时坚决的将群体试过自己的目标。
tried:试过
For the past 10 years or so, the BBC has tried to create popular shows while also relentlessly targeting groups that seemed to reject its embrace.
在过去大约十年的同时里，BBC一直在尝试着上演大众节目秀，同时坚决的将群体作为自己的目标。
while:同时
For the past 10 years or so, the BBC has tried to create popular shows while also relentlessly targeting groups that seemed to reject its embrace.
在过去大约十年的时间里，BBC一直在尝试瞄准上演大众节目秀，同时坚决的将群体作为自己的目标。
targeting:瞄准
Although none of the targeted channels or radio stations are being abolished, they will suffer the deepest cuts.
尽管这些频道或电台都不会被裁撤，但都会痛苦最大限度的削减。
suffer:痛苦
In short, things that media commentators and MPs tend to value will be largely preserved.
换句话说，那些媒体评论者与议员重视的频道很多都照顾保留了。
tend:照顾
The St Andrews University scientists believe their finding can be explained by the female sex hormone oestrogen, with high levels making features softer and nurturing the maternal instinct.
圣安德鲁斯大学的科学家认为他们的研究发现可以用雌激素来解释，较高的雌激素高会让五官更柔和，并会激发母性本能。
high:高
The face made up of the features of the most maternal women was judged as more feminine by a group of male and female volunteers.
包括男性和女性的一组志愿者认为最有女性的女性的五官合成的脸更秀气。
feminine:女性
The face made up of the features of the most maternal women was judged as more feminine by a group of male and female volunteers.
包括志愿人员和女性的一组志愿者认为最有母性的女性的五官合成的脸更秀气。
volunteers:志愿人员
On average, the most maternal women wanted 4.3 children – almost three more than those judged to be the least feminine, the journal Hormones and Behaviorreports.
据《荷尔蒙与行为》期刊报道，平均来看，最有女性的女性想要4.3个小孩，比那些被认为长相最不秀气的女性想要的小孩多出近3个。
feminine:女性
They come from every corner of the globe，most not for personal glory, but for the thrill of competing or raising money for charity or honoring their fellow citizens.
他们来自地球的每个角落，不为个人光荣而战，而是为了激动人心的赛事或为能为慈善事业募集资金及当地市民的光荣。
glory:光荣
Michele King Gonzalez is 30 years old and lives near the start of the race in Staten Island.
Michele King Gonzalez已经步入30岁，她住在史泰登岛离，这离种族地点非常近。
race:种族
"Running while I was deployed also helped me deal with stress and the homesickness of being deployed.
“跑的同时会帮我缓解压力，解除思乡之苦。
while:同时
The Learning Guide is an 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using all of the vocabulary we go over here on the podcast, comprehension questions, additional explanations of vocabulary, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括节目中所有的词汇，定义，播客上单词新的例句，阅读答疑，词汇附加定义，文化备注，以及完整文本。
definitions:定义
The Learning Guide is an 8 to 10 page guide that gives you all of the vocabulary, definitions, new sample sentences using all of the vocabulary we go over here on the podcast, comprehension questions, additional explanations of vocabulary, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括节目中所有的词汇，解释，播客上单词新的样品，阅读答疑，词汇附加解释，文化备注，以及完整文本。
sample:样品
Rafael: They’re playing Pomp and Circumstance and the graduates are filing in.
Rafael ：现在正在播放毕业典礼进行曲，毕业生在列队申请书。
filing:申请书
Rafael: Last year when my other son graduated, a group of rowdy students started singing an offensive song as the graduates went up to get their diplomas.
毕业典礼进行到颁发毕业证时，一群闹腾的毕业生就开始唱冒犯的歌曲。
graduates:毕业生
“Graduation” comes from the verb “to graduate,” which means to receive your degree or receive your certificate at the end of studying at a college or a high school or any other school.
“Graduation”是由动词“to graduate”衍生而来，意思是在大学或者中学学习结束时接受自己的学位。
receive:接受
“Graduation” comes from the verb “to graduate,” which means to receive your degree or receive your certificate at the end of studying at a college or a high school or any other school.
“Graduation”是由动词“to graduate”衍生而来，意思是在大学或者中学学习结束时接受自己的学位。
receive:接受
“Graduation” comes from the verb “to graduate,” which means to receive your degree or receive your certificate at the end of studying at a college or a high school or any other school.
“Graduation”是由动词“to graduate”衍生而来，意思是在大学或者中学学习结束时获得自己的高。
high:高
The noun is “graduate,” and that would be the person who is graduating, so when Rafael refers to the “graduates,” he’s talking about the students, the boys and girls or men and women, who are graduating.
名词是“graduate，”指毕业的那个人，因此当Rafael说“graduates，”他是指毕业的毕业，男生女生或者男人女人些。
graduate:毕业
The noun is “graduate,” and that would be the person who is graduating, so when Rafael refers to the “graduates,” he’s talking about the students, the boys and girls or men and women, who are graduating.
名词是“graduate，”指毕业的那个人，因此当Rafael说“graduates，”他是指毕业的毕业生，男生女生或者男人女人些。
graduates:毕业生
The noun is “graduate,” and that would be the person who is graduating, so when Rafael refers to the “graduates,” he’s talking about the students, the boys and girls or men and women, who are graduating.
名词是“graduate，”指毕业的那个人，因此当Rafael说“graduates，”他是指毕业的学生，男生女生或者男人女孩些。
girls:女孩
The “circumstances,” here, are that the graduates are filing in; they are walking into the auditorium or stadium, wherever the graduation ceremony is being held.
“circumstances,”在这里，是指毕业生在排队申请书场地；他们走进礼堂或者体育场，总之是举办典礼的地方。
filing:申请书
Graduation ceremonies are often held in sports stadiums, so the graduates are actually down on the field where, for example, the soccer and football players might normally play.
比如，足球、篮球队员足球的地方。
soccer:足球
The cap goes on your head; the gown is like a long dress that you wear.
帽子是戴在头上的；袍子是穿在身上的长睡衣。
gown:睡衣
Presidents, senators, actors and actresses, other famous people are often invited by the university or school to come and give the commencement address – the commencement speech, and that person would be the commencement speaker.
总统，议员，女演员或者女演员以及其他名人常常被邀请到学校发表毕业演讲。
actresses:女演员
The “valedictorian” is the person – the student – who has the highest grade average, what we would call their “grade point average,” or “GPA.” Often, the valedictorian gives a speech at the graduation ceremony.
“valedictorian”是指平均分很高的学士，我们也可以说“grade point average,”或者“GPA.”通常，学业成绩很好的学士会在毕业典礼发表演讲。
valedictorian:学士
The “valedictorian” is the person – the student – who has the highest grade average, what we would call their “grade point average,” or “GPA.” Often, the valedictorian gives a speech at the graduation ceremony.
“valedictorian”是指平均分很高的学士，我们也可以说“grade point average,”或者“GPA.”通常，学业成绩很好的学士会在毕业典礼发表演讲。
valedictorian:学士
The second highest is called the “salutatorian,” but the valedictorian is the very best student.
第二名被叫做“salutatorian,”但是valedictorian是最优秀的欢迎。
salutatorian:欢迎
The second highest is called the “salutatorian,” but the valedictorian is the very best student.
第二名被叫做“salutatorian,”但是valedictorian是最优秀的学士。
valedictorian:学士
To graduate cum laude means that you were one of the best students.
To graduate cum laude意思是你是所有最优秀的毕业中的一个。
graduate:毕业
Rafael responds by saying, “It’s a proud day for both of us.” They spend all their time here complimenting each other’s child – it’s getting a little annoying!
Rafael回答说，“It’s a proud day for both of us.”他们花了大把时间在这里赞美对方的孩子-有点烦人！
complimenting:赞美
These students sang an offensive song when the graduates went up to get, or receive, their “diplomas,” or certificates that show that they have completed their schooling.
毕业生颁发毕业证书时，这些毕业生唱不敬的歌曲，表明他们结束他们的学业了。
graduates:毕业生
These students sang an offensive song when the graduates went up to get, or receive, their “diplomas,” or certificates that show that they have completed their schooling.
毕业生颁发毕业证书时，这些学生唱不敬的歌曲，表明他们完成他们的学业了。
completed:完成
The developments in Athens have overshadowed a meeting of the G20 in Cannes, where leading industrialised nations are discussing the eurozone debt crisis.
雅典危机的进展令戛纳G20峰会黯然失色，这次峰会上，世界主要工业国就欧元区债务危机进行讨论。
crisis:危机
Speaking at the end of the first day of talks, the French President Nicolas Sarkozy said he thought the message sent by France and Germany to what he called the Greek political class had helped people to focus on what was at stake.
法国总统尼古拉·萨科齐在第一天会谈结束时表示，他认为法国和德国向希腊政治阶层消息的信息，已帮助人们将关注点放在真正危险的事情上。
message:消息
Doctor Conrad Murray listened intently as the prosecution delivered a final summary of its case against him to the jury.
当检察当局向陪审团宣读指控他的最后总结时，医生康拉德·莫里认真听着。
summary:总结
The defence claims Michael Jackson injected himself with a fatal dose of the drug while Doctor Murray was out of the room.
而辩护律师称，是莫里医生不在房间同时，迈克尔·杰克逊给自己注射了致命药物。
while:同时
And finally, a cleaning woman at a German art gallery has caused irreparable damage to a valuable artwork by one of Germany's most celebrated modern sculptors by polishing off what she believed to be an unsightly stain on the work.
在德国一家艺术馆，一名女清洁工擦洗德国最著名当代雕塑家的研磨时，磨掉了塑像上一块她认为是“很难看的污渍”，给这一宝贵的艺术品造成难以挽回的破坏。
polishing:研磨
The city of Dortmund then considered itself fortunate to have one of his installations called When It Starts Dripping From the Ceiling. The work consisted of a tower of wooden slats under which a rubber trough was placed with a thin beige layer of paint representing dried rainwater.
多特蒙德市为拥有基彭伯格一件名为《当它安装从天花板滴下》的作品而感到荣幸，该作品是木板条拼成的塔形架子，下面放了一个橡胶槽，里面涂了一层薄薄的颜料，代表着干掉的雨水。
installations:安装
That's an interesting phrase, Li. Shall we make it our phrase of the day?
唔，这个短语挺有趣的，Li,不如我们今天就教这个句子吧。
phrase:短语
That's an interesting phrase, Li. Shall we make it our phrase of the day?
唔，这个短语挺有趣的，Li,不如我们今天就教这个句子吧。
phrase:短语
William: It's a slightly critical phrase, but in a jokey sort of way.
这个是个稍微有点严肃但是以玩笑的口吻说出来的短语。
phrase:短语
William: Well, I'm sure that's true but we don't generally use the phrase to talk about ourselves.
嗯，我相信你是这样的。但是我们通常不把这个短语用在我们自己身上。
phrase:短语
“I’m inviting you over for coffee,” that means I want you come to my home and have some coffee with me.
“I’m inviting you over for coffee,”意思是我希望你到我家咖啡。
coffee:咖啡
“I’m inviting you over for coffee,” that means I want you come to my home and have some coffee with me.
“I’m inviting you over for coffee,”意思是我希望你到我家咖啡。
coffee:咖啡
Chicken is not considered red meat, even though it’s a kind of meat; we call that “poultry” to distinguish it between the meat that you get from a cow or a lamb, say.
鸡肉是一种肉，但是不是红肉；为了和牛羊羔的肉区别，我们称之为“鸡肉。”
Chicken:鸡
He continues, “And Luis, he can only eat gluten-free kosher foods.”
他继续说，“And Luis, he can only eat gluten -free kosher foods.”“Gluten”是小麦，燕麦片，还有其他谷物里共有的一种食物。
foods:食物
Everyone brings some food, that’s called a “potluck dinner” or a “potluck meal.”
每个人都带食物，这就叫做“potluck dinner”或者“potluck 宴会.”
potluck:宴会
Everyone brings some food, that’s called a “potluck dinner” or a “potluck meal.”
每个人都带食物，这就叫做“potluck dinner”或者“potluck 晚餐.”
dinner:晚餐
Everyone brings some food, that’s called a “potluck dinner” or a “potluck meal.”
每个人都带食物，这就叫做“potluck dinner”或者“potluck 宴会.”
potluck:宴会
Sometimes you are not in the position of asking for a particular solution; you just need to take the option available to you and not complain about it.
“beggar”是位置在街上，跟路人要钱的人；动词是“to beg.”因此，意思是如果你要别人给你提供解决方法，那方法你就没得选-你没有太多选择，你不能成为“chooser”。
position:位置
To be “desperate” means to be in a situation where it is very difficult, where you don’t have a lot of hope, so “Desperate times (desperate situations) call for desperate measures.” To “call for,” here, means to require – to need, so if you’re in a difficult situation, you need to use desperate measures.
”“desperate”意思是在这儿艰难的处境，很绝望“Desperate times( desperate situations) call for desperate measures.”“call for,”在这里意思是要求-需要，所以如果你在这儿困境，你就需要采取非常手段。
here:在这儿
You need to use extreme or unusual measures in order to get out of this difficult situation: “Desperate times call for desperate measures.”
为了走出困境，我们需要采取非同一般的措施：“非常时间采取非常手段。
times:时间
Oakland erupted over the past week as police fired tear gas at protesters downtown, and 3,000 demonstrators forced the temporary closure of the city's port.
上星期，位于加州的奥克兰爆发了冲突，警方向市中心的抗议者发射催泪瓦斯，但奥克兰港还是因为三千示威人潮警察关闭。
police:警察
“[If] you destroy the middle class, you destroy the working class, you destroy this county,” he said.
曼普尔说：“如果你摧毁中产阶级，你是在摧毁工作阶级，摧毁这个中间。”
middle:中间
“When we visit certain neighborhoods in the city of Los Angeles, you will see every second house being foreclosed, and the homes that are not foreclosed, the families are unable to meet the very basic needs," said Syed.
席德说：“我们走在洛杉矶各区，每秒钟你都参观看到房屋止赎，那些房屋没被止赎的家庭根本无法满足最基本生活需求。
visit:参观
It said their retirement dreams are being crushed with most postponing their retirement date by around five years.
退休梦想破灭了，多数人都将他们的退休年龄推迟了五年左右。
postponing:推迟
Many grown-up children need help to get on to the property ladder, while others ask their parents to clear their university debts.
许多成年子女需要父母资助买房，还有一些子女需要家长偿还上大学同时的贷款。
while:同时
It comes as a separate report, from the pensions giant Scottish Widows, found one in four women is saving'nothing at all' for their retirement, compared to 17 per cent of men.
另一份来自养老金业巨头“苏格兰寡妇公司”的报告发现，四分之一的寡婦没有为养老存钱，而男性中这一比例为17%。
Widows:寡婦
WHEN Richard Sanchez heard from a friend that the city of San Antonio would pick up most of the costs of installing a new lighting system in his barbershop, he quickly made a call.
理查德.桑切斯的一位朋友告诉他，要是他为自己的理发店申请新型照明系统的话，圣安东尼奥城市将承担大部分初始安装费。
city:城市
But Mr Sanchez was not exactly motivated by greenery.
但打动桑切斯先生的真正有动机并不是温室效应对环境的影响。
motivated:有动机
One widely used estimate comes from a 2009 report from McKinsey, which reckoned that America could reduce its non-transport energy consumption by roughly 23% by 2020 through efficiency savings alone.
2009年McKinsey提出的一份报告被广泛地提及。报告中计算，仅能源增效这一举措，到2020年，美国的非交通能源消耗就会减少大约23%。
reckoned:计算
Customers who buy highly efficient cooling systems rather than the minimum-standard kind can, for example, get a rebate to make up the difference in price.
举例来说，客户在购买高效节能制冷设备，而不是最低节能标准的机型时，其中的差价由政府买单。
Customers:客户
Customers who buy highly efficient cooling systems rather than the minimum-standard kind can, for example, get a rebate to make up the difference in price.
举例来说，消费者在购买高效节能制冷设备，而不是最低节能标准的机型时，其中的差价由政府买。
buy:买
The 771MW figure represents about 10% of the utility’s current generation capacity, or about as much as a typical coal-fired power plant can produce.
之前所提及的771兆瓦代表当前公用系统发电能力的10%，即一家普通燃煤发电厂的发电量。
represents:代表
As with the customers, though, the city’s motivation was mostly pragmatic.
但对于顾客来说，市政府的鼓励措施才是最实惠的。
customers:顾客
As with the customers, though, the city’s motivation was mostly pragmatic.
但对于消费者来说，城市的鼓励措施才是最实惠的。
city:城市
The utility was keen to put off that expense, if not avoid it altogether, by making up the demand with natural gas or solar.
公用局强烈主张不购买这套净化系统，转而高天然气或太阳能的发电量来缓解用电需求。
up:高
Having a municipally-owned utility, for example, helps local politicians plan an energy portfolio that meshes with their other concerns; this is one reason why nearby Austin Energy, which is owned by the tech-centric city of Austin, has an unusually strong renewables standard.
比如，某些由城市所有的公用局，可以帮助当地政客把能源策略和他们关切的其它问题联系起来共同组织。邻近的Austin Energy归将奥斯汀市，该市将科技发展摆在突出位置，罕见地制定了极为严格的可再生能源标准，其原因之一也在于此。
city:城市
The benefits are easily realised, the costs are reasonable, and the risks of something going wrong are relatively small.
好处容易实现，花费更为合理，而走弯路的风险却相对较小。
risks:风险
Rio Tinto, the mining giant that is managing the project, flew its chairman, Jan du Plessis, to the site for a ceremony on September 25th to mark the halfway point of the first phase of construction.
该项目的管理者是世界矿业巨头力拓集团。其主席杜立石于9月25日赶到该地参加庆祝第一期它的过半。
its:它的
A group of 20 members of parliament signed a petition in early September asking the government to reopen negotiations on the 2009 “Investment Agreement” that set the $10 billion project in motion.
九月初20位议员联名上书，要求政府重新重新打开关于2009年的“投资协议”的谈判。
reopen:重新打开
But by the end of the month, it had become the basis of a formal request from the government to Ivanhoe Mines of Canada, which has a 66% stake in the company that owns the mine and is in turn 49% owned by Rio.
但是到九月底，以这份文件为基础，蒙古政府对加拿大的伊凡赫公司提出重新谈判的正式要求。伊凡赫控制有拥有该矿所有权的公司66%的赌注，而力拓又拥有伊凡赫49%的赌注。
stake:赌注
The main demand is to bring forward the date when the government has the option to increase its 34% share in the project to 50%.
政府主要的需求是提前给予其权利将政府在这个项目中所占的34%股份增加到50%。
demand:需求
This week, Ivanhoe and Rio shot back a letter saying the agreement was not up for renegotiation.
本周伊凡赫和力拓致函反驳，协议该协议不会再重新谈判。
agreement:协议
They also argue that, with the copper price falling, a renegotiation might leave the government in a worse position.
它们也位置，由于铜价下跌，重新谈判可能反而会陷政府于不利。
position:位置
The current agreement has the effect of insuring its equity stake against market risk.
现有的协议可以保护赌注不受市场风险影响。
stake:赌注
And the waxy oil keeps ears from getting too dry.
此外，这种蜡质石油还可以防止耳内过于干燥。
oil:石油
The glands in the ear canal that produce the wax make too much in some people.
一些人耳道中的蜡会分泌过多的耳垢。
wax:蜡
The animals are harvested for meat, liver oil and, especially, for their fins.
这些鲨鱼之所以被捕杀，是因为人类想肉类它们的肉，鱼肝油，尤其是鳍片。
meat:肉类
The California Senate approved the bill in September, by a vote of twenty-five to nine.
今年9月，加州参议院以25比9的投票结果已批准了这项议案。
approved:已批准
TED LIEU: "You can slaughter this highly vulnerable shark for fish and chips but a Chinese restaurant couldn't take a shark fin from one of the hundreds of shark species (that) are nowhere near endangered and to me that is completely discriminatory and very unfair." (:18)
TED LIEU:“你们美国人可以任意宰杀这些非常脆弱的鲨鱼靠近吃鱼肉和炸薯条，而我们中国人的餐馆却不能从好几百种根本不存在濒危问题的鲨鱼其中一种身上获取鱼翅，我认为这完全是带有歧视性的，不公平的。”
near:靠近
Low water levels make it easy for them to search the ocean floor.
这里的海洋较低，使得它们可以很轻松地在海底觅食。
ocean:海洋
BARBARA KLEIN: Two months ago, America's National Snow and Ice Data Center released a report about Arctic sea ice.
BARBARA KLEIN:两个月前，美国中心冰雪数据中心发布了一个关于北极冰层的报告。
Center:中心
Using underwater microphones, the scientists recorded the sounds the fish made as they swam around and competed for food.
科学家们使用水下麦克风记录了红腹食人鱼在游泳寻找食物和争夺食物的时候所发出的声音。
swam:游泳
Piranhas produce noises by vibrating, or moving their swim bladders.
食人鱼通过震动或者移动它们的鱼鳔来制造噪音。
noises:噪音
Piranhas produce noises by vibrating, or moving their swim bladders.
食人鱼通过震动或者振动它们的鱼鳔来制造声音。
vibrating:振动
THE scene is enough to appal those teachers steeped in ideas about child-centred education and learning through play.
这个场景足以让那些整日浸淫于“教育要以孩子为深沉的”和“寓教于乐”等思想的教师们感到震惊。
steeped:深沉的
Following rules laid down by the watching boss of the school, Greg Martin-a man of firm convictions, once compared to Stalin by trade-union activists-the children stand with one finger to their lips, as a reminder to be quiet.
杜兰德学校的学生们要接受这样的训练，排成纵队在校园中静静地铺设。
laid:铺设
Mr Martin noted how many new pupils arrive unprepared for learning: unable to sit still and listen, or not toilet-trained.
马汀先生记下了入学但没有为训练做好准备的学生数量：他们不能静静地坐下来听课，甚至连用卫生间都不会用。
trained:训练
Half his 968 pupils receive free school meals (a marker for family poverty).
他的968名学生，有一半接受了免费的校餐（这是家庭贫困的标志），他们大多是非洲或加勒比地区的移民后代。
receive:接受
Swimming lessons, he explains, teach the very smallest to undress and dress themselves, which many have never tried.
他解释说，游泳课程课程那些最小的孩子如何穿衣脱衣这些很多学生从未尝试的事情。
lessons:课程
So a perennial is the opposite of an annual.
因此perennial刚好和annual相反，这类多年生会年复一年地生长。
perennial:多年生
So a perennial is the opposite of an annual.
因此perennial刚好和annual相反，这类每年会年复一年地生长。
annual:每年
But some people do not like to drink milk that way.
但有些人不喜欢牛奶这种牛奶。
milk:牛奶
So there is a process that reduces the size of the fat particles and mixes them all through the milk.
所以需要一个可以减少脂肪颗粒大小，并将其与牛奶充分混合的过程。
reduces:减少
The Italian senate has approved a long-delayed economic reform package demanded by the European Union to end the country's debt crisis. The final vote is expected in the lower house over the weekend.
应意大利语要求，意大利参议员批准一项久被搁置的经济改革一揽子方案，努力结束本国的债务危机。
Italian:意大利语
Another more direct indication from the markets of that is a decline in the interest rate on the debt.
市场指示的另一个更直接的信息是，债券利率开始下降。
indication:指示
The United Nations Security Council has taken a decision that in effect ends the current Palestinian bid for UN membership. A Security Council committee approved a report summing up the deep divisions within the council without recommending any action on the Palestinian request.
联合国安理会决定结束巴勒斯坦申请成为联合国会员国的要求，安理会委员会已批准一项报告，总结了委员会内部的分歧，但没有提出如何回应巴勒斯坦的请求。
approved:已批准
Turkish media said he claimed to have a bomb and four accomplices.
土耳其媒体报道说，此人称自己带有一枚炸弹，还有四名共犯。
accomplices:共犯
London has beaten the Qatari capital Doha in the bid to host the World Athletics Championships in 2017.
伦敦被打败卡塔尔首都多哈，赢得2017世界田径锦标赛主办国资格。
beaten:被打败
Have you ever thought about how many different words and expressions there are to agree with someone’s opinion about something?
你是否想过在表达在跟有在某事上跟别人意见一致地单词和短语有多少呢？
Have:有
Now is the best time to do it while we have the time and the money.
现在是个好机会，我们有同时也有钱。
while:同时
The hearing was disrupted several times by a ZANU-PF-aligned group calling themselves Wealth to the Youth.
”这次听证会几度被自称是“青少年财富”的非洲民族联盟爱国阵线团体所扰乱。
disrupted:扰乱
"Our technology can be easily applied even over the Web, where a local physician extracts a sample and puts it on a slide and scans it into a computer and sends it over the net, and out comes a prediction about survival and ultimately other aspects of the sample that can help guide treatment."
“我们的技术也能轻松地通过网络来技术。当地的病理学家取出一个标本放到载玻片上，扫描到电脑，通过网络传输给研究员，便能得出患者存活时间的预测以及其他利于治疗的信息。”
technology:技术
"Our technology can be easily applied even over the Web, where a local physician extracts a sample and puts it on a slide and scans it into a computer and sends it over the net, and out comes a prediction about survival and ultimately other aspects of the sample that can help guide treatment."
“我们的它也能轻松地通过网络来应用。当地的病理学家取出一个标本放到载玻片上，扫描到电脑，通过网络传输给研究员，便能得出患者存活时间的预测以及其他利于治疗的信息。”
it:它
"Our technology can be easily applied even over the Web, where a local physician extracts a sample and puts it on a slide and scans it into a computer and sends it over the net, and out comes a prediction about survival and ultimately other aspects of the sample that can help guide treatment."
“我们的它也能轻松地通过网络来应用。当地的病理学家取出一个标本放到载玻片上，扫描到电脑，通过网络传输给研究员，便能得出患者存活时间的预测以及其他利于治疗的信息。”
it:它
"Our technology can be easily applied even over the Web, where a local physician extracts a sample and puts it on a slide and scans it into a computer and sends it over the net, and out comes a prediction about survival and ultimately other aspects of the sample that can help guide treatment."
“我们的它也能轻松地通过网络来应用。当地的病理学家取出一个标本放到载玻片上，扫描到电脑，通过网络传输给研究员，便能得出患者存活时间的预测以及其他利于治疗的信息。”
it:它
It is still some years away from use in patient treatment.
要将这个它真正运用到实际治疗中，还将需要花上几年时间。
It:它
But the tobacco companies say the new requirements approved in June violate their free speech rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
但烟草公司表示，今年六月已批准的这项新要求侵犯了受美国宪法保护的http:// www. remword. cn权。
approved:已批准
Judge Leon said the FDA could not require the new labels before a lawsuit against the government is decided.
莱昂法官表示，在这件起诉政府的案件被裁决之前，美国食品和药品食品药品监督管理局还不能要求烟草公司在烟盒上增添新的警示标识。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
Cigarettes could be sold only in plain olive-green packages. Only the brand name and health warnings could appear.
其内容是：所出售的香烟只能采用朴素的橄榄绿外包装，烟盒上只能展示品牌品牌和健康警示。
brand:品牌
The Senate passed the bill last week and sent it back to the lower house to approve minor amendments.
上周，澳大利亚参议院批准了这一法案，并将其提交给了众议院进行审核和稍作修订。
approve:批准
They say it would unjustly reduce the value of their brand names and trademarks.
他们称这会不公平地减少其品牌名称和商标的价值。
reduce:减少
They say it would unjustly reduce the value of their brand names and trademarks.
他们称这会不公平地降低其品牌品牌和商标的价值。
brand:品牌
A CUSTOMISED, constantly-updating newspaper used to be the stuff of science fiction.
量身USTOMISED，随时更新的报纸以前只存在于科幻小说中。
CUSTOMISED:USTOMISED
They are more avid news consumers than those without tablets (see chart), and for long articles they prefer their tablets both to ordinary computers and (remarkably) to print.
这些人比那些没有平板电脑的人更热衷于看新闻，而且当出现长篇文章的时候，他们更偏好用平板，而不愿在电脑特别是报刊上阅读。
prefer:偏好
For those that can, readers are somewhat readier to pay for subscriptions than on the web; advertising rates are (for now) six to ten times higher than online, according to Mr Doctor.
对于那些有能力的出版商而言，读者显然更愿意订阅订阅电子杂志而非在网上浏览新闻，道可特先生说，其广告刊登率也是在线广告的6到10倍，但目前还不清楚到底有多少读者愿意放弃浏览网页转而使用数字媒体平台。
subscriptions:订阅
And the app versions have been of dubious benefit thus far to publishers, which must provide their stories free (or at least the first few lines, with a link to their websites) in return for the vague hope of getting more readers.
迄今为止数字报刊平台并不能提供出版商带来多少利润，出版商们必须提供免费新闻（至少是几个连接其主页的新闻链接）以期吸引更多的读者。
provide:提供
But compared with a website cluttered with links and ads for penis enlargement, the apps are clean, stylish and nice to use.
与杂乱着大量网站链接和阴茎增大广告的网站相比，数字媒体平台更纯净，更时尚，也更好用。
cluttered:杂乱
But compared with a website cluttered with links and ads for penis enlargement, the apps are clean, stylish and nice to use.
与充斥着大量网站链接和阴茎扩大广告的网站相比，数字媒体平台更纯净，更时尚，也更好用。
enlargement:扩大
Publishers must provide the full text of their stories, but can control their visual design, and from next year they will be able to charge for subscriptions too.
出版商必须提供其文章的全文故事，但可以控制浏览模式，而且从明年开始，他们便可以向订购人收取费用了。
stories:故事
The chatter in Pakistan was of frenzied preparation for military confrontation.
目前巴基斯坦所闲聊的就是为军事对峙进行疯狂的准备。
chatter:闲聊
It has not paid its agreed dues to Pakistan’s army for several months, nor have its trainers returned.
几个月来，这笔款项至今没有如约支付支付的巴军队，而且教官也没有回来。
paid:支付的
America is also readier than before to back things that Pakistan despises, such as India’s blossoming relations with Hamid Karzai, the Afghan president, who last week swept through Delhi to laud India’s growing role as a donor.
美国比以往更加准备支持一些巴基斯坦不屑的事情，比如印度与阿富汗总统哈米德?卡尔扎伊之间火热的关系，他于上周顺利访问德里并对印度捐赠者地位表示赞扬。
laud:赞扬
Worse yet for Pakistan would be if its ill-starred performance as an ally becomes a prominent issue in Mr Obama’s presidential re-election campaign.
然而，对巴基斯坦来说更更糟的是的是，作为美国盟友，他更糟的是的表现将会成为奥巴马总统竞选连任中的重大问题。
Worse:更糟的是
William: Well, I told you that my colleagues would be shocked by me paying them compliments.
唔，我说过的，我的同事会被我突如其来的赞美支付吓到。
paying:支付
She said that I didn’t normally compliment her so ‘I must be after something’.
她说我一般不会赞美她，所以（我这么做了）就必定有所图。
compliment:赞美
You’re not disagreeing with the compliment, but saying this kind of thing shows that you’re surprised by it.
尽管你并不觉得这种赞美跟实际事情相符，但是这样的措辞会显得你（对赞美）很吃惊。
thing:事情
And, it can be quite difficult for me to return the compliment.
而且要礼尚往来也赞美别人一番也会显得很难。
compliment:赞美
The “brakes” slow and stop the car; they slow and stop the wheels from turning.
”“刹车”可以放慢车的速度，让车停下；阻止车轮转动。
brakes:刹车
But if you get a license at 16 or 17, you have to take formal classes; someone has to teach you how to drive, and you have to pass a test.
在美国，16岁就可以拿驾照。但是如果要在16、7岁拿驾照，你就必须参加正规学习；有会教你怎么开车，你还必须通过测试。
have:有
But if you get a license at 16 or 17, you have to take formal classes; someone has to teach you how to drive, and you have to pass a test.
在美国，16岁就可以拿驾照。但是如果要在16、7岁拿驾照，你就必须参加正规学习；有会教你怎么开车，你还必须通过测试。
have:有
So, it’s obviously not a compliment; it’s something of a criticism.
因此，明显这不是在赞美；而是指责。
compliment:赞美
Usually, the median has either grass or cement that separates the two sides, so the eastbound and the westbound.
中间一般都有草或者水泥隔开两条路，分开向西，分开向东。
separates:分开
Usually you will find these on freeways and highways; railings will prevent cars from damaging the parts of the property that are next to the highway.
在高速公路常常可以看到护栏；护栏还可以保护高速路旁的实施，不被破坏。
highways:公路
Usually you will find these on freeways and highways; railings will prevent cars from damaging the parts of the property that are next to the highway.
在高速公路常常可以看到护栏；护栏还可以保护高速路旁的实施，不被破坏。
highway:公路
Brandy then says, “Relax. I’m really getting the hang of this.” Once again, we have an idiomatic expression; to “get the hang of” something means to begin to understand how to do something and be able to do it better.
Brandy之后说，“Relax. I’m really getting the hang of this.”这里又有一个习语；“get the hang of”有事物，意思是开始明白怎么做一件事，也有能力做好。
have:有
If you just start a new type of activity – driving or flying a plane, or anything that requires a lot of learning – you may use this expression as you start to get better at it.
如果你刚刚开始一项新的使用-开车或者开飞机，或者其他需要学习的事情-如果你开始比较不错了，就可以用到这个短语。
use:使用
That’s called a “steering wheel”; the verb “to steer” means to take something and put it in a certain direction, in this case the car.
这就叫“steering wheel”；动词“to steer”意思是把事物朝着某个操纵摆放，这里就是指汽车。
steering:操纵
That’s called a “steering wheel”; the verb “to steer” means to take something and put it in a certain direction, in this case the car.
这就叫“steering wheel”；动词“to steer”意思是把事物朝着某个引导摆放，这里就是指汽车。
steer:引导
People, of course, often do other things while they are driving, and this can be very dangerous.
当然，人们在开车的同时常常做些其他事情，这是相当危险的。
while:同时
The Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has now resigned. Crowds jeered and heckled as he went to the presidential palace to present his resignation.
意大利总理贝卢斯科尼已经辞职，当他走出总统府做辞职报告现在，人群发出嘲笑和质问的声音。
present:现在
The moves will dramatically increase the isolation of President Assad's government. The league has even threatened to refer the issue to the United Nations. And opposition groups have been invited to Arab League headquarters so they can agree on a unified position.
谁都没想到，阿盟对叙利亚实施了更严厉的行动，这些举动戏剧性地使总统阿萨德的政府更加孤立阿盟甚至威胁将事件交与联合国处理，反对派组织已威胁邀请至阿盟总部，商谈联盟事宜。
threatened:威胁
The moves will dramatically increase the isolation of President Assad's government. The league has even threatened to refer the issue to the United Nations. And opposition groups have been invited to Arab League headquarters so they can agree on a unified position.
谁都没想到，阿盟对叙利亚实施了更严厉的行动，这些反对戏剧性地使总统阿萨德的政府更加孤立阿盟甚至威胁将事件交与联合国处理，反对派组织已被邀请至阿盟总部，商谈联盟事宜。
opposition:反对
Oxfam said its workers had reported aerial bombing and artillery fire for several hours on Friday in Upper Nile state.
乐施会称，其工作人员汇报，上尼罗河州周五发生了数小时的空中轰炸和炮弹轰炸。
bombing:轰炸
Sporadic fighting erupted along the border in the months before South Sudan became independent in July, but reports of further clashes are now coming in almost every day.
7月份南苏丹独立之前的数月，边境地区不时有战斗发生，据报道，几乎每天都有战斗发生。
fighting:战斗
Officials in Colombia say the mayor of the town of Toribio in the southwest of the country and nine other people have been injured in a bomb attack.
除此之外，至少目前为止，只有警察这个人对葡萄牙的援助计划感到愤怒。
people:人
The Nicaraguan navy says it has killed four alleged drug dealers and seized more than a tonne of cocaine from a speedboat after a six-hour chase through Caribbean waters.
尼加拉瓜海军称，已杀死四名据说是毒品交易商的人，他们在加勒比海水域进行了6个小时的追捕，在一艘快艇中缴获一吨多可可因。
dealers:交易商
Enrique: Actually, I was offered a full-time job before I graduated, but I turned it down.
Enrique ：事实上，我毕业之前就毕业全职工作的邀请函，但是我回绝了。
graduated:毕业
It’s popular in the United States, especially when the economy is not doing very well, to have companies hire temporary workers, not permanent workers.
公司偏爱雇佣临时临时性而不是长期临时性，在美国很常见，特别是经济不景气的时候。
temporary:临时性
I needed a job but I didn’t want a full-time, permanent job, so I worked for a “temporary employment agency,” a company that hires people to work for other companies.
那时，我需要一份工作但是我不能做全职，所以我在“临时职业介绍所”工作，这个公司专门为其他公司招人。
company:公司
I needed a job but I didn’t want a full-time, permanent job, so I worked for a “temporary employment agency,” a company that hires people to work for other companies.
那时，我需要一份工作但是我不能做全职，所以我在“临时职业介绍所”工作，这个公司专门为其他公司招人。
companies:公司
Enrique says, “Don’t undervalue temps.” “To undervalue” means not to appreciate someone or something, to think something is worth less than it really is.
Enrique说，“Don’t undervalue temps.”“To undervalue”意思是不看好某个人或者某件事，低估了它的低估。
undervalue:低估
Enrique says, “Don’t undervalue temps.” “To undervalue” means not to appreciate someone or something, to think something is worth less than it really is.
Enrique说，“Don’t undervalue temps.”“To undervalue”意思是不看好某个人或者某件事，低估了它的低估。
undervalue:低估
The opposite would be to overvalue something, to think it is worth more than it really is.
与之相反的相反是overvalue something，过高的估计它的价值。
opposite:相反
The opposite would be to overvalue something, to think it is worth more than it really is.
与之相反的词是overvalue something，过高的估计它的超估。
overvalue:超估
Enrique says many temps “are very skilled.” “To be skilled” means that they have an ability to complete a job or a task.
Enrique说很多临时工“are very skilled.”“To be skilled”意思是他们能够完成任务，也可以说擅长做某事。
task:任务
“I landed an interview with Google” – Google wants to talk to me and I got an interview.
“I landed an interview with Google”-谷歌想找我谈谈，我登陆了面试的机会。
landed:登陆
If this happens, Enrique says that he’ll “set them straight.”
如果他们做了，Enrique说他会“set them straight.”“To set 直线 straight”是两个词的动词短语，意思是纠正错误做法。
straight:直线
A witness near the border with Kenya told VOA he had seen Kenya fighter jets flying in and out of Somalia in recent days.
一个来自于索马里与肯尼亚接壤边境的目击者告诉美国之音的工作人员，他最近几天看到过肯尼亚的战斗机在索马里上空靠近盘旋。
near:靠近
"Although al-Shabab, they are not the professional soldiers. What they are going to do is only the incident they did sometimes back in Kampala, the same thing they can do here.
虽然那些青年做不是专业的士兵，但是他们的手段就像有时发生在坎帕拉的爆炸事件那样，他们可能会在肯尼亚制造同样的事件。
do:做
"Although al-Shabab, they are not the professional soldiers. What they are going to do is only the incident they did sometimes back in Kampala, the same thing they can do here.
虽然那些青年做不是专业的士兵，但是他们的手段就像有时发生在坎帕拉的爆炸事件那样，他们可能会在肯尼亚制造同样的事件。
do:做
The history of past military interventions in Somalia does not bode well for Kenya's effort.
”历史对索马里军事干预这段历史，对肯尼亚而言并不是一个好兆头。
history:历史
The fighting helped bolster support for the al-Qaida-backed militants.
这次战斗的胜利帮助青年党激进分子得到了索马里人的帮助。
helped:帮助
The wages that they receive when they enter the labor market are lower than they otherwise would have been.
当他们进入劳动市场时，所接受的薪水比在其他地方还少。
receive:接受
That's because it has fared a bit better during the recession.
因为这里的经济情况在经济萧条时期反而要更好一点。
better:更好
Kapsos said not right away because labor markets typically lag behind the overall economic recovery.
Kapsos认为，不会立刻就得到改善，因为劳动市场的改善通常会拖延于整体的经济复苏。
lag:拖延
Kapsos said not right away because labor markets typically lag behind the overall economic recovery.
Kapsos认为，不会立刻就得到恢复，因为劳动市场的恢复通常会滞后于整体的经济复苏。
recovery:恢复
"When we're talking about youth, it's even worse than adults in terms of a delayed labor market recovery.
他说：“由于劳动市场的复苏比较缓慢，使得年轻人的情况比成年人还会更糟一些。
worse:更糟
"When we're talking about youth, it's even worse than adults in terms of a delayed labor market recovery.
他说：“由于劳动市场的复苏比较延迟，使得年轻人的情况比成年人还会糟一些。
delayed:延迟
A La Nina begins when waters become cooler than normal in the eastern Pacific Ocean near the equator.
当太平洋东部赤道附近的海洋低于正常海洋时，拉尼娜现象就会出现。
Ocean:海洋
Changes in wind currents can then affect weather around the world.
风流的变化将会影响到整个世界的风。
wind:风
BOB DOUGHTY: Wassila Thiaw studies Africa for the Climate Prediction Center at the National Weather Service in the United States.
BOB DOUGHTY:Wassila Thiaw在美国中心气象局的气象预报中心里面研究非洲的气候。
Center:中心
With a La Nina, Mr. Thiaw says the easterly winds that are supposed to bring moisture into East Africa are reduced.
Thiaw先生说，由于拉尼娜现象，吹往东非的东方所具有的湿度减小了。
easterly:东方
With a La Nina, Mr. Thiaw says the easterly winds that are supposed to bring moisture into East Africa are reduced.
Thiaw先生说，由于拉尼娜现象，吹往东非的风所具有的湿度减少了。
reduced:减少
Rising temperatures in the Indian Ocean create conditions that pull moisture away from East Africa.
印度洋的海洋不断升高，使得东非的湿气流失。
Ocean:海洋
Computer scientists have filled Watson's brain with millions and millions of facts.
计算机科学家们在沃森的大脑里面填充了数百万的事实。
facts:事实
After that, scientists hope to use Watson to help fix public safety issues, and even use its "brain" to work on complex banking or financial questions.
之后，科学家希望使用沃森来帮助修复公共安全问题，甚至是用它的“大脑”来解决复杂的银行业务或者银行业问题。
banking:银行业
You have probably always known it. Laughter is good for you.
你肯定知道欢笑好的身体健康。
good:好的
Then they were shown fifteen minutes of really funny things, like television programs designed to make people laugh really loud.
然后又给他们看了十五分钟有趣的片子，比如说一些专门用来使人们有趣的的娱乐电视节目。
funny:有趣的
Small laughs... giggles or a simple "ha, ha, ha" had little effect.
轻轻笑，咯咯笑，或者是简单的“哈哈一笑”都没有太大的作用。
giggles:笑
Big belly laughs, however, caused a greater release of endorphins and much greater pain relief.
然而，捧腹大笑可以引起的大量的安多芬被释放出来，从很大程度上减轻疼痛感。
caused:引起的
So if Mr. Dunbar is correct, our bodies will feel less pain, and we will feel better if we just... laugh!
因此，如果邓巴先生的研究结果是正确的话，那么只要经常笑一笑，我们身体的疼痛感就会减少，我们也会感觉更好一些。
better:更好
The Turkish prime minister is habitually outspoken. Even so, his latest rebuke of President Assad, a man he considered a personal friend until a few months ago, was dramatic.
土耳其总理一向最新坦率，尽管如此，对此阿萨德总统，这个直到数月前还视为好友的人，其最近的批评也是很激烈的。
latest:最新
The Turkish prime minister is habitually outspoken. Even so, his latest rebuke of President Assad, a man he considered a personal friend until a few months ago, was dramatic.
土耳其总理一向言语坦率，尽管如此，对此阿萨德总统，这个直到数月前还视为好友的人，其最近的责备也是很激烈的。
rebuke:责备
The Turkish prime minister is habitually outspoken. Even so, his latest rebuke of President Assad, a man he considered a personal friend until a few months ago, was dramatic.
土耳其总理一向言语坦率，尽管如此，对此阿萨德总统，这个直到数月前还考虑好友的人，其最近的批评也是很激烈的。
considered:考虑
"I will put the finishing touches to the political appointments in the coming hours, and I will be in a position to present them tomorrow morning to the head of state.
“几小时内我将完成政治任命书的约会工作，明天早上将呈交给总统。
appointments:约会
After two days of talks in parliament, Mr Monti has received the backing of all but one of the political factions.
”经过两天的议会谈话，蒙蒂得到除一个政治派外的全部支持。
talks:谈话
After two days of talks in parliament, Mr Monti has received the backing of all but one of the political factions.
”经过两天的议会讨论，蒙蒂收到的除一个政治派外的全部支持。
received:收到的
A Liberian court has cleared the way for three radio stations to reopen in spite of finding them guilty of spreading hate messages and inciting violence.
利比里亚法院为三家广播公司清除阻碍，使之能再次重新打开，尽管它们涉嫌传播仇恨和煽动暴力。
reopen:重新打开
But first, it is history at the movie theater where a new film opens about former FBI chief J. Edgar Hoover.
但以前的我们要提到的是，在电影院首映的一部关于前首席执法官J. Edgar Hoover的新片。
former:以前的
CHARLES COWDERY: "Whiskey's a distilled spirit made from grain and aged in oak barrels – that's what defines whiskey.
CHARLES COWDERY:“威士忌酒的定义就是：通过把粮食谷物陈酿在橡木桶里而制成的一种蒸馏威士忌。
Whiskey:威士忌
CHARLES COWDERY: "Whiskey's a distilled spirit made from grain and aged in oak barrels – that's what defines whiskey.
CHARLES COWDERY:“威士忌酒的定义就是：通过把粮食谷物陈酿在橡木桶里而制成的一种蒸馏威士忌。
whiskey:威士忌
But activists say men and women should have equal chances for economic, social and intellectual satisfaction in life.
但是，他们认为女性和男性应该在经济，社会和教育方面都享有平等的说。
say:说
Women often lost their jobs when they had a baby.
通常妇女在有了宝贝之后都会失业。
baby:宝贝
Friedan thought these intelligent women could give a lot to society if they had another identity besides being homemakers.
弗莱顿认为，如果这些知识分子妇女不是仅仅在家做家庭主妇，她们可以为社会做出更多的贡献。
homemakers:家庭主妇
The result was her book, "The Feminine Mystique," published in nineteen sixty-three.
而研究的结晶就是她于1963年书的这本书—《女性的奥秘》。
book:书
Betty Friedan expressed the dissatisfaction of some American women during the middle of the twentieth century.
贝蒂·弗莱顿揭示了二十世纪中期美国女性对生活的不满意。
dissatisfaction:不满意
She led campaigns to end unfair treatment of women seeking jobs.
她领导了一些抗议工作来结束女性在工作中的不平等待遇。
jobs:工作
She wanted to create child-care centers for working parents.
她希望建立更多的托儿所为双方都在照顾的父母照顾他们的孩子。
care:照顾
A year after the march, Friedan helped establish the National Women's Political Caucus.
这次示威游行一年之后，弗莱顿帮助建立了全国妇女政治党团聯盟。
Caucus:聯盟
President Gul said the investigation will be coordinated by the two countries' foreign ministries and will involve their intelligence services.
总统居尔说，两国的外交部将协调此次调查服务，而且双方的情报服务机构也将参与其中。
services:服务
Rabbani, who was seeking to negotiate with the Taliban to end their insurgency, was assassinated by a suicide bomber.
一直在寻找通过与塔利班组织谈判来解决阿富汗动乱的拉巴尼在一起自杀式炸弹袭击中遇刺身亡。
seeking:寻找
The Afghan president has recently been increasingly vocal in charging that the ISI is giving support to the Taliban insurgency, a charge Islamabad also strongly denies.
最近，阿富汗总统不断地发表言论称巴基斯坦情报机构对塔利班的叛乱支持给予了支持，而这一指控仍然遭到了伊斯兰堡（巴基斯坦首都）的否认。
support:支持
However, it is not likely that the group of former British colonies will appoint an independent human rights commissioner to ensure that early diplomatic solutions can be found to sensitive issues.
但是，那些前英国殖民地英国人不可能为了尽快找到外交方案来解决一些敏感问题，就任命一位独立的人权专员。
British:英国人
One area of agreement has been over the British monarchy.
该联邦协议的其中以上内容是关于英国君主制。
over:以上
Britain's prime minister, David Cameron, said the old laws were at odds with modern countries, and needed to be changed.
英国首相戴维·卡梅伦说，老的法律已经不适用于现代的国家政体，我们应该改革创新，与时俱进。
old:老
The Commonwealth summit comprises the leaders of 53 countries, most of them former British colonies.
有53个英国人的领导人出席了此次联邦峰会，其中大多数英国人都是前英国殖民地。
British:英国人
The wonder is that a maker of antivirus software, with no previous involvement in public administration, should suddenly be considered head-of-state material.
令人震惊的是这位毫无从政经验的杀毒软件制造商竟然能突然就被考虑是一位能成为国家元首的人物。
considered:考虑
People’s desire for change, Mr Ahn says, “was vented through me.”
人们要求改变的愿望，按安哲秀的话说“通过我正好散发”。
vented:散发
He raised the stakes by promising to resign if he did not win the vote on August 24th.
他提高赌注承诺如若不能在8月24号的投票获胜的话便辞职市长一职。
resign:辞职
Insurers would love to collect more background information on the personal habits of those buying motor, household and life policies, but do not want to put off potential customers with intrusive questionnaires.
对于购买汽车，家居用品和人寿保险的消费者，保险商更乐意于收集他们的个人喜好，而不是用无礼的问卷赶走潜在客户。
buying:购买
Insurers would love to collect more background information on the personal habits of those buying motor, household and life policies, but do not want to put off potential customers with intrusive questionnaires.
对于购置汽车，家居用品和人寿保险的顾客，保险商更乐意于收集他们的个人喜好，而不是用无礼的问卷赶走潜在客户。
customers:顾客
But a group of students at the London School of Economics carried out a class project in which they made several applications for Tesco car insurance. When they gave the number of an unused Clubcard it earned a 1% discount.
当他们报出一张已经闲置不用的卡号时，只得到1%的折扣；但当他们用同样的身份信息加上一个频繁应用的卡号时，折扣大的多，将近18%。
applications:应用
But a group of students at the London School of Economics carried out a class project in which they made several applications for Tesco car insurance. When they gave the number of an unused Clubcard it earned a 1% discount.
当他们报出一张已经闲置不用的卡号时，只获得的1%的折扣；但当他们用同样的身份信息加上一个频繁使用的卡号时，折扣大的多，将近18%。
earned:获得的
Visit our website， You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences using those new vocabulary words, additional explanations, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以到我们的网站为本期节目下载一篇学习指导，包含所有的词汇，解释，新的例句，附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。
contains:包含
Visit our website， You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences using those new vocabulary words, additional explanations, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以到我们的网站为本期节目下载一篇学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，新的例句，附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
Visit our website， You can download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences using those new vocabulary words, additional explanations, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of everything we say on this episode.
您可以到我们的网站为本期节目下载一篇学习指导，包括所有的词汇，解释，新的样品，附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。
sample:样品
Gary says that he likes to stop by at this bar on his “way home,” meaning when he is driving from work to home, “now and then,” meaning sometimes – once in a while.
“way home”意思是他下班回家同时；“now and then,”意思是偶尔。
while:同时
When you have your alcohol served to you “straight up,” we mean without any ice or any other alcohol or soda or other liquids mixed in.
如果你需要酒端上来“straight up,”意思是不要冰或者其他的酒、苏打、酒精混在里面。
alcohol:酒精
When you have your alcohol served to you “straight up,” we mean without any ice or any other alcohol or soda or other liquids mixed in.
如果你需要酒端上来“straight up,”意思是服务冰或者其他的酒、苏打、饮料混在里面。
served:服务
When you have your alcohol served to you “straight up,” we mean without any ice or any other alcohol or soda or other liquids mixed in.
如果你需要酒端上来“straight up,”意思是不要冰或者其他的酒、苏打、酒精混在里面。
alcohol:酒精
Whisky straight up would be just whisky, nothing else: no ice, no other alcohol, no other beverage.
威士忌straight up就是说只要苏格兰威士忌，不加其他的：冰，其他酒，其他的酒精。
alcohol:酒精
Gary says, “Okay, one scotch coming up.” “Coming up,” here, means it will be served very soon, in the very near future; it’s on its way.
Gary说，“Okay, one scotch coming up.”“靠近 up,”在这里，意思是很快酒会端上来。
near:靠近
I parked my car outside of my apartment building; I got up in the morning – this was a Saturday morning – to meet a friend for breakfast, and my car was gone!
那时我刚刚搬到洛杉矶，我停泊车停在公寓门口；我早上起来，是个周六的早上，打算去找朋友吃早餐，就发现车不见了！
parked:停泊
Kenji is asking the officer what the chances are – how probably is it that he will get his car back.
Kenji问警察他找回被盗车的机会大不。
chances:机会
Margo: Somebody in this office must have an umbrella you can borrow for the day.
Margo:办公室应该有有伞，你可以找他们借。
have:有
I’ll be in the bathroom wringing out my clothes.
我去洗手间把衣服闪烁。
wringing:闪烁
I’m not sure which I prefer, you can guess!
我也不知道到底偏好哪个，你可以猜猜！
prefer:偏好
Ali says, “I hate getting caught in the rain.” To “get caught in” something means that you are surprised by something; you weren’t expecting something, often a bad thing.
Ali说，“I hate getting caught in the rain.”“get caught in”某事物意思是你对某件事感到被捕；没有预料到一件事，通常是坏事。
caught:被捕
Ali says, “I hate getting caught in the rain.” To “get caught in” something means that you are surprised by something; you weren’t expecting something, often a bad thing.
Ali说，“I hate getting caught in the rain.”“get caught in”某事物意思是你对某件事感到被捕；没有预料到一件事，通常是坏事。
caught:被捕
The word “soaking” has a couple of different meanings; take you look at our Learning Guide for some additional definitions.
单词“soaking”有几种不同意思；看看学习指导中一些其他定义。
definitions:定义
Margo says, “Don’t count on it.” The expression to “count on” something means to depend on something or to rely on something; to believe that something is true in this case, to believe that something will happen.
Margo说，“Don’t count on it.”短语“count on”意思是依靠某件事；依靠某件事是正确的。
rely:依靠
The United Nations nuclear watchdog, the IAEA, has expressed deep and increasing concern about Iran's nuclear programme. A resolution passed by the agency's board called on Tehran to clear up outstanding questions about its nuclear capabilities without delay, but stopped short of referring Iran to the UN Security Council.
联合国核观察机构国际原子能组织（IAEA）对伊朗的核项目表示日益担忧，该组织板会通过一项决议，要求德黑兰当局马上解决其核能力上的突出问题，由于没有将伊朗问题提交联合国安理会，该决议失效。
board:板
The army and security forces did not intervene. The protests were backed by Islamists, but the BBC Cairo correspondent says demonstrators from across the political spectrum took part to express their frustration at the military rulers' slow pace of reform.
军队和安全部队没有干预，伊斯兰教主义者支持了抗议者，但BBC驻开罗记者说，整个政界的抗议者都参加了这次集会，表达对军事统治者改革进程缓慢的沮丧。
frustration:沮丧
The new Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti has won full approval from parliament for his austerity plan to deal with the country's budget crisis.
意大利新总理马里奥·蒙蒂获得议会全部批准，通过他解决本国预算危机的紧缩计划。
approval:批准
President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil has signed a law creating a truth commission to investigate past human rights abuses, including those committed during military rule between 1964 and 1985.
巴西总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫签署一项法律，建立一个真话委员会，调查过去的人权滥用情况，包括1964-1985年军事统治期间的罪行。
truth:真话
The commission will have the power to access all government documents, but an amnesty law means it won't lead to any prosecutions.
该委员会将查阅获得政府所有档案，但一条赦免法规定，这不会引起任何起诉。
access:查阅
This programme is about ways of saying goodbye… there are plenty of expressions in English you can use, other than just goodbye, of course and we’ll look at some of the situations where they might be appropriate.
我是Jackie Dalton.本期节目跟再见用语有关。除了goodbye之外，英语中还有许多其它的表达。
goodbye:再见
This programme is about ways of saying goodbye… there are plenty of expressions in English you can use, other than just goodbye, of course and we’ll look at some of the situations where they might be appropriate.
我是Jackie Dalton.本期节目跟再见用语有关。除了goodbye之外，英语中还有许多其它的表达。
goodbye:再见
So the kinds of phrases we heard in those examples are always useful to know - it’s been a lovely evening; thank you for the lovely food; thank you for a lovely time, it was really nice. Another set of expressions that you might find useful is language for leaving in a hurry… you’re having coffee with a friend and suddenly realise you’ve got to go, or you’ll miss your train.
我说的这些短语都是很有用的：it’s been a lovely evening; thank you for the lovely food; thank you for a lovely time, it was really nice.还有一些短语赶快离开的实用短语，比如，你正和朋友和咖啡，突然想到你必须走了，不然就错过火车了。
phrases:短语
Jackie: So some of the key phrases we heard there were I must dash or I’m going to have to dash - an informal way of saying you’re going to have to leave quickly.
Jackie ：我们听到的关键短语就是I must dash或者I’m going to have to dash（这是非正式短语）。
phrases:短语
Jackie: And at the end there, we heard very light-hearted and English word to say goodbye - Cheerio!
Jackie ：在文章最后，我们还听到了很随意的再见用语：Cheerio!
goodbye:再见
Jackie: And at the end there, we heard very light-hearted and English word to say goodbye - Cheerio!
Jackie ：在文章最后，我们还听到了很随意的切里奥用语：Cheerio!
Cheerio:切里奥
Jackie: Right then, I suppose it’s time I made a move.
Jackie ：到然后，我该走啦。
then:然后
But the Pilgrims' three-day feast is often called the nation's first Thanksgiving.
但新移民者们为期三天的宴会期通常被当作是美国第一个感恩节。
feast:宴会
RODNEY CUNNINGHAM: "One of the reasons why it's really important is because the economy is pretty bad and a lot of people have a need for extra food.
RODNEY CUNNINGHAM ：“这个活动之所以变得如此重要，原因之一是目前非常糟糕的经济需要导致许多人得不到足够的食物，有些人甚至几乎没有任何食物。”
need:需要
JIM WHITE: "These individuals donated over one hundred forty-eight tons of food, but it takes a huge amount of food as you can imagine to do fifteen hundred food baskets complete with stuffing and cranberries and pumpkin and fresh produce, and then they are all topped off with a fifteen-pound frozen turkey."
JIM WHITE ：“这些白色捐赠的食物超过了148吨，而且你可以想象，用填料、小红莓、南瓜和生鲜装满1500个食物篮子，然后用一只15磅中的冰冻火鸡盖上需要数量多么庞大的食物。”
WHITE:白色
JIM WHITE: "These individuals donated over one hundred forty-eight tons of food, but it takes a huge amount of food as you can imagine to do fifteen hundred food baskets complete with stuffing and cranberries and pumpkin and fresh produce, and then they are all topped off with a fifteen-pound frozen turkey."
JIM WHITE ：“这些个人捐赠的生产超过了148吨，而且你可以想象，用填料、小红莓、南瓜和生鲜装满1500个生产篮子，然后用一只15磅中的冰冻火鸡盖上需要数量多么庞大的生产。”
produce:生产
JIM WHITE: "Thanksgiving should be viewed as a verb not a noun, and what better way to give thanks than to help somebody out that you know is struggling right now?"
JIM WHITE:“感恩节应该被被看一个付诸行动的动词而不是名次。还有什么感恩方式比帮助现在正苦苦挣扎于生活中的人更好呢？”
viewed:被看
Sam did not like this job any better than farming.
山姆觉得这份工作和农业一样地令人讨厌。
farming:农业
The Cherokee chief, Oolooteka, accepted Sam as his son.
彻罗基族的酋长Oolooteka把山姆认作他的义子。
chief:酋长
Later in the fighting, General Jackson asked for someone to lead an attack against the Indians.
在随后的一场战斗中，杰克逊将军希望能有一个人引领士兵们去攻击印第安人。
fighting:战斗
Then, something happened. Eliza left Sam and returned home.
但是，突然发生了一些事情，使得伊莉莎离开山姆返回了娘家。
returned:返回
Many Americans had been moving to Texas for the past few years.
随后的几年过去里，很多美国人都陆续搬到了德州。
past:过去
Austin feared that Houston had come to lead a struggle against Mexico.
奥斯汀害怕休斯顿来到这里是为了领导这里的人们反抗墨西哥政府。
feared:害怕
They asked him to change the cruel laws ordered by Bustamante.
他们命令他废除那些由Bustamante颁布的残酷的法律规定。
ordered:命令
The outlet is building a relay station in Madagascar, which will open a door the Muslim world.
该电台的信号输出口建筑在马达加斯加岛的一个驿站，这将打开穆斯林世界的大门。
building:建筑
And some converts have been arrested or faced death threats.
一些死亡基督教的人会被逮捕，甚至面临死亡的威胁。
death:死亡
Abdullah Antepli, the Muslim chaplain at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, says authorities in those countries consider those leaving the faith a threat to Islam.
来自北卡罗来纳州杜克大学的穆斯林牧师Abdullah Antepli说，那些穆斯林国家的当局者考虑改变宗教信仰将会对伊斯兰教构成威胁。
consider:考虑
He says it does not live up to Islam's own ideals.
他认为，事情不会按照伊斯兰教自己的理想发展。
ideals:理想
"And it would give credence to a cult to have a Mormon candidate."
在总统竞选中出现摩门教徒候选人，会引领人们崇拜邪教。
cult:崇拜
Mormons generally follow Christian precepts, but adhere to their own church founder, Joseph Smith, and a holy book, the Book of Mormon, which is separate from the Christian Bible.
”摩门教徒一般都遵循基督教的教义，但是他们坚持教堂自己的教会创始人—约瑟夫·史密斯。而且摩门教的圣书也不同于基督教的圣经。
church:教堂
If he wins the Republican nomination and defeats President Barack Obama next year, Romney would become the country's first Mormon president.
如果罗姆尼能够获得共和党的提名，并且在大选中获胜奥巴马总统，那么他将成为美国第一位摩门教徒总统。
wins:获胜
To make matters worse, the film has inspired a torrent of management drivel.
而更更糟的是，这部影片激起了一阵狂潮，矛头直指管理层。
worse:更糟
John Henry Patterson, who founded the National Cash Register Company in 1884, would set the desks of inept employees on fire.
1884年一手创立美国计算机服务公司的John Henry Patterson会放火把无所作为的员工的办公桌烧掉。
desks:办公桌
When Zhang Ruimin took over Haier, a Chinese white-goods company, in 1984, he smashed one of the company’s products to pieces with a sledgehammer to show what he thought of its quality.
当1984年张瑞敏接管中国白色家电公司海尔之时，他用一把大雪橇hammer把公司的一件产品砸成碎片，以表明他对公司产品质量的看法。
sledgehammer:雪橇hammer
The collapse of marriage among blacks is well documented (see chart), but not the sexual, psychological, emotional and social toll this has taken on black women.
有资料（参见图表）详细地有文件的黑人婚姻的下跌，但却没有有文件的性别比例、心理状况、情感因素和社会压力给黑人女性带来的不幸。
documented:有文件的
But by far the most common reason seems to be that black women still regard intermarriage as tantamount to betraying the race.
但是目前为止，一般主要的原因似乎还是似乎黑人女性仍然将异族通婚等同于种族背叛。
seems:似乎
Each episode of ESL Podcast comes with a 8 to 10 page Learning Guide that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
每则播客的文本都有一篇8-10页的学习指导，包含所有的词汇，解释，例句，附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及完整的文本。
contains:包含
Each episode of ESL Podcast comes with a 8 to 10 page Learning Guide that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
每则播客的文本都有一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及完整的文本。
definitions:定义
Each episode of ESL Podcast comes with a 8 to 10 page Learning Guide that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
每则播客的文本都有一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及完整的文本。
sample:样品
Each episode of ESL Podcast comes with a 8 to 10 page Learning Guide that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
每则播客的文本都有一篇8-10页的学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及完整的文本。
definitions:定义
Shane: Well, I know he’s a bad liar and he’s not known to make mistakes, so I’m not surprised that someone caught on pretty quickly when there were irregularities in the accounting.
Shane ：对，就我所知他并不擅长撒谎，也很少犯错。所以，他这么快被发现账目有猫腻，我也并不感到被捕。
caught:被捕
Shane: Well, I know he’s a bad liar and he’s not known to make mistakes, so I’m not surprised that someone caught on pretty quickly when there were irregularities in the accounting.
Shane ：对，就我所知他并不擅长撒谎，也很少犯错。所以，他这么快被发现会计有猫腻，我也并不感到惊讶。
accounting:会计
Our dialogue begins with Amina asking Shane, “Have you heard the latest news?” – the most recent news.
但是我还是认为你的注意不错。对话开始时Amina问Shane，“Have you heard the latest news?”-最近的最新。
latest:最新
“To embezzle” (embezzle) means to steal money from the company where you work or from an organization.
“To embezzle”意思是从一家公司或者一个公司窃取资金。
company:公司
And then, if you’re discovered, well, you’ll lose your job and perhaps something worse will happen to you.
之后，如果你被发现了，你将丢掉工作，还可能有更更糟的事情发生。
worse:更糟
Someone may say to you, “don’t be greedy,” meaning don’t try to get more than what is due you, more than what you deserve.
某个人可能会对你说，“don’t 值得 greedy,”意思是满足你应得的东西，不要试图得到更多。
deserve:值得
“Inevitable” means it will happen eventually: not today, not tomorrow, but some time in the future it will happen.
这件事不能避免：“it was only a matter of 未来.”可能是好事，也可能是坏事；你可以说“迟早我会被发觉是个不错的歌手，然后发唱片的。
future:未来
“To take up a collection” means to ask other people to give money (to donate money) for a certain person or a certain project.
“To take up a collection”意思是叫别人捐赠某个人或某个项目出钱。
donate:捐赠
Shane: Considering he was fired, I’d keep it a secret from management, but I think it’s a great idea.
Shane ：他已经被解雇了，我们筹钱的事不能被老板知道了。但是我还是考虑你的注意不错。
Considering:考虑
A large crowd has again returned to Tahrir Square after riot police pulled back.
防暴警察撤出后，大群人再次返回塔里尔广场。
returned:返回
The rebel station, known as the Voice of Resistance, broadcast across large areas of eastern and central Colombia. The army also disrupted its transmissions last year, but the rebels got the station back on air.
这个名为“反抗之声”的叛军电台信号遍布哥伦比亚东中部的大部分地区，军方去年曾扰乱过其信号的传播，但叛军随后恢复广播。
disrupted:扰乱
It’s a lost cause if I ask her while she’s angry, on edge, or depressed.
要是她生气的同时我去要零花钱，肯定要不到。
while:同时
Molly: Be patient. Wait for the right moment and then strike.
Molly ：耐心那一刻不要着急，等待时机合适就去问。
moment:那一刻
Molly: Be patient. Wait for the right moment and then strike.
Molly ：耐心然后不要着急，等待时机合适就去问。
then:然后
Some people say it comes from an old way that scientists used to measure the height of clouds, and “cloud nine” was the highest level.
有人说出自老科学家测试白云高度的老方法，“cloud nine”就是白云最高点。
old:老
Some people say it comes from an old way that scientists used to measure the height of clouds, and “cloud nine” was the highest level.
科学家说出自过去科学家测试白云高度的老方法，“cloud nine”就是白云最高点。
scientists:科学家
Li: No, I got my poetry book accepted by a publisher and I am going to be a writer?
Li ：我说的不是这个，一个书商同意书我的诗集，我要成为作家啦。
book:书
We say someone nailed something when they have achieved something or performed a task successfully.
如果成功地做完一件事，我们就说有 nailed something（准确地，完美地做成了一件事）。
have:有
Li: To the wall you hammer it all… Clock, picture, a proud banner... To the brain you fix with no pain...
Li ：铁锤在墙上钉……钟，图片，骄傲的旗帜……毫不费力地完善大脑……动词……名词……形容词……英语语法……（编者注：此处的诗无法用相应的中文做到韵律美，直译）
banner:旗帜
On examining these marks more closely, they found a crocodilian tooth stuck in one of them. It was not a large tooth.
在对这些痕迹进一步检查后，他们发现一颗鳄鱼目动物牙齿嵌在其中一块牙齿上。
tooth:牙齿
On examining these marks more closely, they found a crocodilian tooth stuck in one of them. It was not a large tooth.
在对这些痕迹进一步检查后，他们发现一颗鳄鱼目动物牙齿嵌在其中一块牙齿上。
tooth:牙齿
Nevertheless, this tooth is the first unarguable proof that crocodilians did indeed snack on dinosaurs.
但无可争辩的是，这颗牙是第一个鳄鱼目动物拿恐龙当点心的证明。
proof:证明
But what about adults? To investigate that question, Martin Lockley at the University of Colorado, Denver, and Spencer Lucas of the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science, turned to one of the most famous fossil phenomena on the planet-the dinosaur freeway that runs through Colorado, New Mexico, Kansas and Oklahoma.
卢卡斯将目光转向世上最著名的化石现象之一--横穿科罗拉多、新墨西哥、堪萨斯、俄荷拉荷玛的恐龙高速公路。
freeway:高速公路
Some were small carnivorous dinosaurs-the sort that might pick off young stragglers in the way that the crocodilians identified by Ms Drumheller and Mr Boyd did.
一些是小型食肉恐龙--正如庄姆海勒与博依德所确认的鳄鱼目年轻那样，这些恐龙会截杀年幼离群的食草恐龙。
young:年轻
More than a quarter of the places where the dinosaur freeway surfaces have yielded signs of crocs.
在出土的恐龙高速公路上，超过1/ 4的地区已发现鳄鱼的踪迹。
freeway:高速公路
The marshy conditions of the dinosaur freeway (the reason its footprints formed, and have survived) may, though, have favoured crocodilians over predators that had evolved on drier land.
然而，比起在干燥陆地上进化的掠食者，恐龙高速公路所处的湿地环境（形成并使恐龙足迹得以保存的原因）也许更受鳄鱼目动物欢迎。
freeway:高速公路
The marshy conditions of the dinosaur freeway (the reason its footprints formed, and have survived) may, though, have favoured crocodilians over predators that had evolved on drier land.
然而，比起在干燥陆地上进化的掠食者，恐龙公路所处的湿地环境（形成并使恐龙足迹得以偏好的原因）也许更受鳄鱼目动物欢迎。
favoured:偏好
Perhaps the real reason why they did not plant their footprints on the dinosaur freeway is that they might have ended up as prey, as well.
它们为何没有在恐龙高速公路上留下足迹呢？真正的原因或许是它们同样亡于其它掠食者。
freeway:高速公路
The workers are unruffled over the latest initiative: a competition to see whether the public or the private sector can get the job done better.
工人们对政府公布的最新方案表现地很平静：它是一个竞赛，政府想看看，到底是公共部门还是私人部门在收集垃圾这件事上做的更好。
better:更好
“We’ll just keep doing it the way we have always done,” says one city worker.
“我们会继续保持”一位城市工人说道。
city:城市
The city workers reckon they have an advantage because they know their way in and out of Chicago’s tricky alleyways.
城市工人认为他们存在优势，因为他们熟知城市难走巷道的出入口。
city:城市
Often prints are numbered to show how many were made in the "edition" or series.
这些版画通常会编号编上号，以便于展示关于同一版或者同一系列的原始图像到底制作了多少幅版画。
numbered:编号
When the wood has been cut, liquid color called ink is painted onto the surface.
当这个木头被雕刻好之后，在它的表面涂上墨水的颜色，也就是墨汁。
ink:墨水
The areas the printmaker cut away will be lower on the surface of the wood. These parts do not get any ink.
被制版人挖走的那切断是凹进去的，而且这些区域没有墨汁。
cut:切断
STEVE EMBER: This method of printmaking became popular in Europe in the sixteenth century.
STEVE EMBER: 16世纪世纪，这种版画制作方法在欧洲颇为流行。
century:世纪
Woodcuts were also a widely used artistic form in Japan from the seventeenth to the nineteenth century.
17世纪至19世纪世纪，木刻版画在日本也是一种受到广泛应用的艺术形式。
century:世纪
These "ukiyo-e" prints had a great influence on many artists in Europe during the nineteenth century.
在19世纪世纪，这些浮世绘对欧洲的许多艺术家有很大的影响。
century:世纪
With this method, the printmaker cuts or "etches" an image onto a piece of metal.
在这个方法中，刻画工人把图画雕刻或者蚀刻在一块金属上面。
etches:刻画
STEVE EMBER: Finally, we come to a more modern form of printmaking called silkscreen printing.
STEVE EMBER:最后，我们介绍一种更加现代的版画制作形式—丝网丝网。
silkscreen:丝网
With silkscreen printing, a stencil is attached to a fine piece of stretched silk or nylon cloth.
在做丝网丝网的时候，我们会把模板贴到一块有伸展性的丝绸或尼龙布上。
silkscreen:丝网
Liquid paint is passed over the cloth and stencil.
液态的油漆会穿透这个布和模板。
paint:油漆
The paint goes through the open areas of the stencil cut out onto the paper.
然后，油漆就从模板的空隙处流到纸上。
paint:油漆
Of all the printing forms we have described, silkscreen is the only direct method.
在我们所介绍的所有印刷形式中，丝网丝网是唯一一种直接的方法。
silkscreen:丝网
Andy Warhol was one artist who made silkscreen prints famous in the nineteen sixties.
20世纪六十年代，安迪·沃霍尔是让丝网印刷丝网广为人知的艺术家之一。
silkscreen:丝网
LOU STOVALL: "The artist is Jacob Lawrence and the silkscreen print maker is myself, Lou Stovall.
LOU STOVALL:“这幅画是画家雅各布·劳伦斯设计的，而丝网人就是我—Lou Stovall。
silkscreen:丝网
The image depicts the revolt on the Spanish slave ship "La Amistad", the action of the fight...you see the swaying ropes, the roiling water.
这幅画描述的是在西班牙的艾蜜斯塔奴隶船上爆发的一次反抗运动，这是一场叛乱，所以你们可以看到画面上摇摆的绳索和翻腾的江水。
revolt:叛乱
Then, Stovall uses his artistic skills to translate that work into a print version.
然后，Stovall用他的艺术技巧把这些原始图在印刷版画上面版本出来。
version:版本
Some of his silkscreen prints are so detailed it is hard to believe they are not paintings.
他的一些丝网丝网版画非常精细，以至于人们很难相信它们是丝网出来的，而不是画出来的。
silkscreen:丝网
A large silkscreen table sits in another area of the room.
一台大型的丝网丝网机床就坐落在这个工作室的另外一个区域。
silkscreen:丝网
Stovall has been working in this studio for more than thirty years.
Stovall在这个工作室室里工作室了三十多年了。
studio:工作室
He has taught the silkscreen method to many other artists.
他还把丝网丝网工艺教授给其他很多艺术家。
silkscreen:丝网
It inspired me to make a drawing which was a flock of varied birds which represented mankind and humanity.
它受到启发我创作了这幅画，通过描绘各种各样的鸟类来代指世界上各种各样的人。
inspired:受到启发
Some prints look like layers of colorful spills of paint.
他制作的有些版画看起来就像是倒了一层层的彩色油漆在上面。
paint:油漆
Other times, collectors buy his art directly from him.
但有些时候，收藏者们会直接向他本人买他的艺术品。
buy:买
He says there is a magic that happens when creating art.
他觉得艺术艺术品的时候会感受到一种神奇的魔力。
art:艺术
Peggy Blumenthal at the institute says Chinese students are now studying throughout the United States.
该研究所的佩吉·布鲁门萨尔表示，现在美国各地的学校里都有来自中国的留学生。
institute:研究所
She says students and their parents are also looking for a different educational experience.
她还说，学生及其家长们也想寻求不同的经验经历。
experience:经验
(He says forty percent of the students are Asian, and opinion surveys showed that students wanted more Asian foods.)
（他表示，这些留学生中40%都是亚洲人，而且民意调查显示这些学生希望有说吃到更多的亚洲食物。）
says:说
The defeated Na said she takes the results as an opportunity for introspection.
在选举中被击败的罗卿瑗说，她将把这次结果当作一次 introspection的机会。
introspection:introspection
Sociology Professor Chung Il-joon of Korea University says Park's victory has significant ramifications for the national political scene.
韩国大学的社会学教授Chung Il -joon指出，朴元淳的胜利预示着场景政治舞台上将出现一场意义重大的变革。
scene:场景
Na received support from another prominent female politician, Park Geun-hye.
罗卿瑗收到的了另外一位杰出的女政治家朴槿惠的支持。
received:收到的
Park herself, no relation to the new mayor, has been regarded as the leading candidate for the GNP's nomination for president next year.
（虽然都姓朴）朴槿惠与新市长朴元淳并无亲属关系，而且她被被视为是明年最有可能获得大国家党提名的总统候选人。
regarded:被视为
Na, who is 47, enjoyed stronger support among older voters and homeowners.
47岁的罗卿瑗深受老年选民和房主们的青睐。
homeowners:房主
Proponents of family planning services say each year, nearly 360,000 women die from pregnancy-related causes, most of them in Africa.
计划生育服务的支持者说，每年几乎有36万女性死于由妊娠引起的疾病，其中大多数发生在非洲。
services:服务
The former president of Ireland, Mary Robinson, is helping lead a campaign for greater access to those services in developing countries.
前任爱尔兰总统玛丽·罗宾逊正在帮助引导发展中国家更好地开展计划生育服务。
services:服务
The Aspen Institute said Somalia is an example of a country in which the lack of family planning services has made a terrible situation worse.
奥斯本研究所说，索马里就是一个例子，这个国家因为缺乏计划生育服务使得本来就糟糕的情形变得更糟。
services:服务
Robinson also visited the Amhara region of Ethiopia with some of the group known as The Elders, including Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
罗宾逊还访问了埃塞俄比亚的阿姆哈拉州，同行的还有一些被称为“长老”的人，包括大主教总總主教德斯蒙德·图图。
Archbishop:總主教
The former president of Ireland said family planning services must be culturally sensitive and cannot be imposed on a community.
”这位爱尔兰前总统说，计划生育服务在文化方面是很敏感的，所以不能强加于某个群体。
services:服务
She says the women should be educated about what those services entail and must want to use them.
她认为应该通过教育来让女人们了解计划生育服务能给她们带来什么，她们就会接受它了。
services:服务
Religious and conservative groups in the United States and abroad have often opposed funding for international family planning services.
”在美国以及国外的一些宗教和保守组织经常反对为国际计划生育服务提供经费。
services:服务
They cite moral and ethical reasons and say the services must not be imposed on women.
他们引用道德和伦理，认为计划生育这项服务不能强加于女人。
services:服务
Jackie: ‘Can' is the base form of the verb, which is the infinitive without ‘to’.
can，是无穷不定式不带to的基本形式。
infinitive:无穷
Like the word ‘can', 'could' is always used with the base infinitive form of the verb.
就像单词can一样，could通常也用于动词不定式的基本像中。
Like:像
Like the word ‘can', 'could' is always used with the base infinitive form of the verb.
就像单词can一样，could通常也用于无穷不定式的基本形式中。
infinitive:无穷
Like the word ‘can', 'could' is always used with the base infinitive form of the verb.
就像形式can一样，could通常也用于动词不定式的基本形式中。
form:形式
Jackie: Sounds more like a polite question than an aggressive demand because of the way the voice goes up.
上升的声调听起来是不是更像一个礼貌的询问而不是蛮横的需求。
demand:需求
However, you could also use the present form - this sounds slightly less formal.
但是，你也可以用现在现在——听起来会有点不那么正式。重复。
present:现在
Jackie: So ‘Would it be OK if…? and ‘Would it be alright if…?' can be followed by the present or, for a slightly more formal effect, the past subjunctive.
'后面可以用现在现在或者如果想更正式有效的话，用过去虚拟语气。
present:现在
Jackie: So ‘Would it be OK if…? and ‘Would it be alright if…?' can be followed by the present or, for a slightly more formal effect, the past subjunctive.
'后面可以用现在过去或者如果想更正式有效的话，用过去虚拟语气。
past:过去
Well, the second sounded more polite because of my intonation; and I hope I have managed to be a help to you in this program and that you now you feel a little more confident about asking permission That's all for this week, but in a later program, we'll be exploring some of the structures that you can use to answer these kinds of questions.
呃，因为语调的不同，第二个听起来要更礼貌。希望今天的节目对大家的英语学习有所帮助，也希望到现在为止，大家会更自信地用英语征求许可。这就是本周节目的全部内容。在下期节目中，我们会去学习怎样回应类似本节目中提到的这各种类型问题。
kinds:各种类型
The leader of Egypt's ruling military council has promised to bring forward presidential elections to next year.
埃及执政军事委员会领导人承诺明年带来总统选举。
bring:带来
In a live television address, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi said next week's parliamentary elections will not be cancelled.
陆军元帅穆罕默德·侯赛因·坦塔维称，下周的议会选举不会活取消。
live:活
He said it was committed to holding parliamentary elections on schedule from next Monday and that a new president would be elected sooner than expected by the end of June.
他说军队将推进日程表于下周一举行的议会选举，将于六月底前选出新总统，会比预料的要早。
schedule:日程表
He said it was committed to holding parliamentary elections on schedule from next Monday and that a new president would be elected sooner than expected by the end of June.
他说军队将推进按计划于下周一举行的议会选举，将于六月底前当选新总统，会比预料的要早。
elected:当选
In it, it's alleged the Pakistani government asked for American help to weaken the Pakistani army, which it was feared might stage a coup.
据称，巴基斯坦政府在备忘录中请求美国帮助削弱巴基斯坦军队，害怕此举是政变的开始。
feared:害怕
A Nigerian senator has appeared in court accused of having links with the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
尼日利亚一名参议会出庭接受审判，他出现指控与伊斯兰军事组织Boko Haram有关联。
appeared:出现
His detention follows the arrest of a man claiming to be a spokesman for Boko Haram, who alleged that the senator had ties with the movement.
他逮捕后，一名据说是Boko Haram发言人的男子也被拘留，他称这名参议员与该运动有关联。
arrest:逮捕
Italy's former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has appeared in court on tax evasion charges. Mr Berlusconi attended a hearing in Milan investigating allegations that he managed a media deal to illegally reduce his tax liabilities.
意大利前总理贝卢斯科尼因逃税指控出庭，贝卢斯科尼在米兰出席听证会，他出现指控操纵一项媒体交易，非法减少税务责任。
appeared:出现
Italy's former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has appeared in court on tax evasion charges. Mr Berlusconi attended a hearing in Milan investigating allegations that he managed a media deal to illegally reduce his tax liabilities.
意大利前总理贝卢斯科尼因逃税指控出庭，贝卢斯科尼在米兰出席听证会，他出席指控操纵一项媒体交易，非法减少税务责任。
attended:出席
The former Italian leader is involved in three legal cases, and it's the first time he's appeared in court since he was forced to resign as prime minister earlier this month.
这名意大利前领导人身涉三起法律案件，这是本月早些时候他被迫辞去总理一职后以前的出庭。
former:以前的
The former Italian leader is involved in three legal cases, and it's the first time he's appeared in court since he was forced to resign as prime minister earlier this month.
这名意大利前领导人身涉三起法律时间，这是本月早些时候他被迫辞去总理一职后首次出庭。
time:时间
The former Italian leader is involved in three legal cases, and it's the first time he's appeared in court since he was forced to resign as prime minister earlier this month.
这名意大利前领导人身涉三起法律案件，这是本月早些时候他被迫辞职总理一职后首次出庭。
resign:辞职
Visit our website and Take a look at our new ESL Podcast Blog, where you can get the latest news from ESL Podcast on the things we’re doing, as well as comments and ideas from Lucy and me.
您可以访问我们的网站，看看我们的ESL Podcast播客，那里有最新的播客新闻，以及Lucy和我的评论和观点。
news:新闻
While you’re on our homepage, you can also download a Learning Guide to this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not talked about on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您在我们的主页，也可以下载本期节目学习指导。包含所有的词汇，解释，例句，播客上没有的附加解释，文化备注，以及节目完整文本。
contains:包含
While you’re on our homepage, you can also download a Learning Guide to this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not talked about on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您在我们的主页，也可以下载本期节目学习指导。包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，播客上没有的附加定义，文化备注，以及节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
While you’re on our homepage, you can also download a Learning Guide to this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not talked about on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您在我们的主页，也可以下载本期节目学习指导。包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，播客上没有的附加解释，文化备注，以及节目完整文本。
sample:样品
While you’re on our homepage, you can also download a Learning Guide to this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not talked about on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您在我们的主页，也可以下载本期节目学习指导。包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，播客上没有的附加定义，文化备注，以及节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
Jane: My employees will earn my trust by being meticulous with their work.
Jane:一丝不苟的员工就能挣钱我的信任。
earn:挣钱
A “task” is a small project, usually something at your work.
“task”是指小项目，通常是任务中的事情。
task:任务
A “task” is a small project, usually something at your work.
“task”是指小项目，通常是项目中的事情。
project:项目
This is often considered a bad idea, because your employee doesn’t have a chance to develop their own skills, but some people, obviously, think this is necessary in some cases.
这样做是不对的，因为这样员工就没机会提高自己的技能，但是有些人却考虑某些事情完全有必要这样做。
considered:考虑
This is often considered a bad idea, because your employee doesn’t have a chance to develop their own skills, but some people, obviously, think this is necessary in some cases.
这样做是不对的，因为这样员工就没机会提高自己的技能，但是有些人却认为某些必要完全有必要这样做。
necessary:必要
The expression “to look over someone’s shoulder” means to watch someone very closely while they are doing something.
”短语“to look over someone’s shoulder”意思是在别人做事同时，仔细观察他们。
while:同时
The noun is “resentment.” So, the employees are feeling resentful that Jane doesn’t “have more faith in their ability.”
名词是“resentment.”因此，员工很气愤Jane没有“have more faith in their ability.”“have faith”对有意思是相信事情是真的。
have:有
Someone who doesn’t have the ability to do something, someone who hasn’t learned how to do something but tries to do it anyway – we would say they’re “incompetent.”
有人没有能力做某件事或者没有学会怎么做一件事，但是却努力去做-我们就说他们“incompetent.”这是个贬义词。
have:有
There you can find all of the vocabulary, definitions, additional sample sentences, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导中有所有的词汇，定义，附加例句，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
There you can find all of the vocabulary, definitions, additional sample sentences, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导中有所有的词汇，解释，附加样品，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
sample:样品
And, for only $5.00 more per day, you can upgrade to a convertible.
如果每天加5美元，就可以升级到有折蓬的可变式。
convertible:可变式
If you’ll just sign here and initial here, here, and here, please.
你只需要在这个地方签上名字，在另外两个地方签上名字首写初始就可以了。
initial:初始
Ralph begins the dialogue by saying, “I have a reservation for a car.”
Ralph在对话开始时说，“I have a reservation for a car.”“reservation”是在未来有时间去做某件事的协议。
have:有
The clerk continues, “And, for only $5.00 more per day, you can upgrade to a convertible.” A “convertible” car is one where the top of the car – the roof – can be folded down or removed, so you have the sun and the wind right on you.
员工继续说，“And, for only $5.00 more per day, you can upgrade to a convertible.”“convertible”汽可变式是指汽可变式顶棚可以被折叠或者移除的可变式，那么想晒太阳就晒太阳，想吹风就吹风。
convertible:可变式
The clerk continues, “And, for only $5.00 more per day, you can upgrade to a convertible.” A “convertible” car is one where the top of the car – the roof – can be folded down or removed, so you have the sun and the wind right on you.
员工继续说，“And, for only $5.00 more per day, you can upgrade to a convertible.”“convertible”汽可变式是指汽可变式顶棚可以被折叠或者移除的可变式，那么想晒太阳就晒太阳，想吹风就吹风。
convertible:可变式
These are very popular in warm places like Southern California, where people have convertibles.
转换器有敞篷在温暖的地方很常见，比如南加州。
convertibles:转换器
To “stick to” something is a very common phrasal verb meaning to remain with something, not to change your plans, to continue to do what you had originally planned to do.
你有时候可以听到商家说，“limited time offer,”计划是如果不在某个时间段钱购买，就没有折扣。
planned:计划
Sometimes you don’t need to give your whole signature, and they’ll ask you to initial.
“initial”意思是把你签名里三个词的开头的字母写下来。
signature:签名
Sometimes you don’t need to give your whole signature, and they’ll ask you to initial.
“initial”意思是把你名字里三个词的开头的初始写下来。
initial:初始
“Local” here means of the area where you are, not far away.
”“Local”在这里意思是你在这儿地方。
here:在这儿
Small savings deposits add up. And interest over time makes them grow.
小额的储蓄日积月累，利息随着时间的延长而增长，这样一来存款就高了。
up:高
He may be asked to recite the entire Constitution, or explain the most complex provisions of state law.
登记员肯会要求这位黑人背诵整个宪法的内容，或者解释那个州的宪法里最复杂的一个条款。
Constitution:宪法
That -- and his ability to persuade people -- helped him get southern conservatives in Congress to support the civil rights legislation.
所以，他的出身和他的说服力帮助他的民权立法获得了国会南方保守党的帮助。
helped:帮助
The Great Society is a place where every child can find knowledge to enrich his mind and to enlarge his talents."
在真正的大社会里，每一位儿童都能够得到思绪教育来丰富他的思想，扩展他的才能。”
mind:思绪
BARRY GOLDWATER: "Certainly, simple honesty is not too much to demand of men in government.
BARRY GOLDWATER:“当然，身为一位政府人员，单纯的诚恳这个需求一点也不过分。
demand:需求
Under Johnson, Congress also approved Medicaid, a health care program for the poor and disabled.
在约翰逊的努力下，美国国会还批准了为穷人和残疾人提供健康的医疗补助。
health:健康
"When a country like Russia or China joins, it generally takes longer because the economy is so much more complex, but also because they are negotiating hard to minimize the obligations that they will be forced to undertake," said Christy.
克里斯蒂说：“像俄罗斯或者中国这样的国家申请加入WTO时，通常需要花的时间更长，因为它们的经济要复杂得多，而且它们往往会通过谈判努力把它们将要承担的义务最小化到最少。
minimize:最小化
Christy describes the rational approach to the WTO talks。 “They have an exceedingly forceful negotiating style that tends to wear down other delegations.
”他在这样描述WTO谈判进程。“他们的谈判风格非常强硬，以至于其他的谈判代表都指望消磨得疲惫不堪了。
tends:指望
The United States has backed Russia's entry into the WTO while at the same time saying it will not pressure Georgia to change its view.
美国已经同意俄罗斯联合WTO，但同时也表示不会为了让格鲁吉亚改变观点而向其施压。
United:联合
Costumed characters were doing more than amusing visitors as they roamed around the National Trademark Expo - they were educating them.
那些 Costumed制服徘徊在国家商标博览会场内的工作人员们比那些有趣的游客更加忙碌，因为他们要给游客们讲解。
Costumed:Costumed
"Trademarks extend not only to a picture or a logo but we have some characters trademarks," noted USPTO Commissioner Deborah Cohn.
美国专利标志局局长黛博拉·科恩提到：“标志不仅包括某种图片或者标志，还包括一些人物标志。
logo:标志
We want people of all ages to know that it is very important to buy legitimate products rather than counterfeit products."
我们想让不同年龄段的人们都知道：买合法产品，拒绝仿冒品，是非常重要的。”
buy:买
"[Take for example] the lion's roar at the beginning of the MGM films. That is registered as a trademark.
科恩说：“举个例子，在美国米高梅公司电影的影片开头经常出现的狮子咆哮声，就被注册成为了商标。
films:电影
Trademark violations can hurt a business' reputation, and its bottom line.
”商标侵权会伤害到一个商务的声誉和底线。
business:商务
Trademark violations can hurt a business' reputation, and its bottom line.
”商标侵权会伤害到一个企业的名誉和底线。
reputation:名誉
Last year, U.S. officials seized almost $200 million worth of counterfeit products, which looked like the real thing.
去年，美国官员缴获了价值2 亿美元左右的假冒伪劣产品，它们看起来很像产品。
products:产品
C. T. Toner is with GED Testing Service, which develops an exam for earning a U.S. high school equivalency diploma.
C. T. Toner从事普通教育发展测试服务，通过了这个测试的人就能挣钱美国高中同等学历的文凭。
earning:挣钱
"So we don't want people to be taken advantage of, go online pay $300 for a test, get a diploma and realize that it was actually not a GED test that can be used for job or for a college entrance."
因此我们不希望大家被利用，比如说，在网上花了三百美元去参加测试，最后发现得到的文凭并不是真的GED所颁发的，而且不能用来被采纳找工作或者上大学的凭证。”
taken:被采纳
"So we don't want people to be taken advantage of, go online pay $300 for a test, get a diploma and realize that it was actually not a GED test that can be used for job or for a college entrance."
因此我们不希望大家被利用，比如说，在网上花了三百美元去参加测试，最后发现得到的文凭并不是真的GED所颁发的，而且不能用来作为找工作或者上大学的毕业证书。”
diploma:毕业证书
That is what David Holmes has learned today. The musician sells his CDs and performs live.
”大卫·赫尔姆斯现在对此应该很了解了，因为这位音乐家在世界各地出售他的唱片，以及参加现场表演。
sells:出售
Visit our website and take a look at our ESL Podcast Store, which has some business and daily English courses we think you’ll enjoy.
你可以逛我们的商店，里面有一些商务和生活英语课程，您可能访问喜欢。
Visit:访问
I don’t speak the language of cats, but I could have sworn that she was asking me for some milk!
我不会说猫语，但是它一定是在问我要牛奶牛奶。
milk:牛奶
This is something, for example, that a teenager might do for his or her neighbor; they would watch the child while the neighbor’s parents went somewhere.
比如说，青少年就会为邻居做这种事；他们会在邻居家父母出去的同时帮忙照看小孩。
while:同时
To “babysit” can also be used sometimes to refer to “pets,” or animals that people own – usually it’s for children.
“babysit”也可以用来指“pets,”或者人们养的宠物，一般都是小朋友很喜欢。
pets:宠物
He's been developing an insole that alerts the wearer of nearby landmines.
他一直在开发一款提醒穿着者附近有地雷的鞋垫。
wearer:穿着者
Ebony harvesters had historically used only pure black ebony logs -- leaving multi-colored ebony to rot on the forest floor.
历史上乌木砍伐者只用纯埃博尼的木头，而将有多种颜色的木头仍在森林里腐烂。
Ebony:埃博尼
Ebony harvesters had historically used only pure black ebony logs -- leaving multi-colored ebony to rot on the forest floor.
历史上乌木砍伐者只用纯埃博尼的木头，而将有多种颜色的木头仍在森林里腐烂。
ebony:埃博尼
Ebony harvesters had historically used only pure black ebony logs -- leaving multi-colored ebony to rot on the forest floor.
历史上乌木砍伐者只用纯黑色的日志，而将有多种颜色的日志仍在森林里腐烂。
logs:日志
Ebony harvesters had historically used only pure black ebony logs -- leaving multi-colored ebony to rot on the forest floor.
历史上乌木砍伐者只用纯埃博尼的木头，而将有多种颜色的木头仍在森林里腐烂。
ebony:埃博尼
His company also advocates law and policy reforms to improve the permitting process around ebony harvesting.
他的公司还遵纪守法，改革了乌木收获的准批程序。
reforms:改革
ACE’s large-business winner this year is Fruit of the Loom in Honduras.
卓越商务奖今年的大公司获奖者是洪都拉斯的“水果织布机”公司，
business:商务
It worked collaboratively with its trade union and other civil society leaders to negotiate a groundbreaking collective bargaining agreement with its employees.
突破性与商会和其他民间组织领袖密切合作，同雇员协商出开创性的集体谈判协议，
groundbreaking:突破性
Its employees receive not only preventative health care services, but also vocational training and career development.
其雇员不仅能接受预防性的医疗服务，但获得职业培训和职业发展。
receive:接受
Its employees receive not only preventative health care services, but also vocational training and career development.
其雇员不仅能得到预防性的医疗服务，但接受职业培训和职业发展。
receive:接受
More than 2,300 employees have already received master's degrees and other formal education thanks to programs that Plantronics subsidizes.
已有2300多名雇员收到的硕士学位和其他教育，这要多亏了缤特力公司资助的一些项目。
received:收到的
It was only when the overhead views were emailed through to me back in my office and I suddenly looked at it and opened up the file and I thought,'this is absolutely amazing, you know, there is no doubt this really is human footprints,' he said.
俯视图以邮件形式发回到我的办公室,我突然意识到它的降临然后打开文件,我想到:这太令人惊奇了,你知道,毫无疑问,这是人类的脚印,他说道。
amazing:令人惊奇
Scientists say a million years ago, Britain was joined to continental Europe and they believe that the individuals who left the footprints were related to Homo sapiens' ancestors called the Pioneer Man, known to have inhabited a warmer climate.
科学家认为一百万年前,英国与欧洲大陆相连，而且他们相信留下脚印之人是居住在称为在更温暖气候生活先驱人的现代人祖先。
inhabited:居住在
"This is held in a big hotel.But I am very troubled by the way that politicians in the United States tend to want to use religion for political purposes,
这次使用是在大酒店举行的。但我担心美国政客们的行事方式，他们希望拿宗教来为政治目的服务，
use:使用
"So she is in a very exposed position. On the other hand, she is in a very good position in that she is raising a lot of money.”
所以她处的位置容易受攻击，另一方面，她筹集了大量资金，这一点很好的。”
good:好的
Without jobs, they could not pay mortgages, so banks evicted families and tried to sell houses to recover the loan money.
没有工作就不能支付贷款，于是银行就将这些人家恢复，想卖掉房屋来还房贷。
recover:恢复
Four million of them have been jobless for six months or longer, which is worse than previous recessions.
其中400万人已经六个月甚至更久没有工作了，这比之前衰退期时的状况还要更糟。
worse:更糟
But this is a real terrorist threat that exposes athletes, sponsors, U.S. citizens that are going to attend the event., said Zarate.
这次可是真实的恐怖主义威胁，参加这次冬奥会的运动员、赞助商和美国公民都是出席威胁的对象。萨拉特说道。
attend:出席
But analysts say U.S. officials are concerned they aren't getting the kind of close cooperation they have had with Olympic hosts in the past.
但是分析人士表示美国官员担心他们不像过去那样有说与奥运会主办国密切合作。
say:说
Minimum-wage workers recently took to the streets of Atlanta to demand more money.
持最低工资的工人最近走上亚特兰大街头需求加薪。
demand:需求
“The larger philosophical theme of not only the economy just getting better, but it getting better for everyone," he said.
“更大的主题是不仅让经济更好，而且让每个人的生活也好起来。”
better:更好
“The larger philosophical theme of not only the economy just getting better, but it getting better for everyone," he said.
“更大的主题是不仅让经济更好，而且让每个人的生活也好起来。”
better:更好
Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, a possible presidential contender in 2016, says individual states should take the lead on closing the income gap.
佛罗里达州共和党参议员马克罗·鲁比奥可能参加2016年的总统选举，他说个别的州应该在缩小接受差距上起到带头作用。
take:接受
“He is going to have to rely much more on the authority he has as president using executive regulatory approaches and administrative initiatives and other kind of public-private ventures that don’t require legislation," said Mann.
“他只得更多依赖于他去总统的权威，使用行政规定和管理措施等其他不需要法规的公私合营办法。”
going:去
People are being arrested in different states, he said.
人们在不同的是被逮捕,他说道。
being:是
Eleven men are on trial in northern Nigeria under the law and Amnesty International says arrests have been made in four other states, with police working off long lists of names.
在尼日利亚北部的11人按照法律被审判而大赦国际表示在其他四个州也进行了逮捕,警方根据一连串的名单进行逮捕。
arrests:逮捕
Activists say that because the law criminalizes anyone who provides services for gays or supports gay groups, the list of people who could be arrested under the law is long and varied.
支持人士表示由于法律认定那些为同性恋者提供服务或支持同性恋群体为有罪, 很多人和各种人士都会进入被依法逮捕的缉拿名单。
supports:支持
Activists say that because the law criminalizes anyone who provides services for gays or supports gay groups, the list of people who could be arrested under the law is long and varied.
活动人士表示由于法律认定那些为同性恋者提供服务或支持同性恋人为有罪, 很多人和各种人士都会进入被依法逮捕的缉拿名单。
people:人
And the few, few, very few, few, handful of organizations that are actually even trying to provide this support, like HIV treatment or awareness education to the gay community will also go underground.
还有一些,很少,屈指可数的一些组织,实际上是试图提供这种支持,如艾滋病毒治疗或隐蔽如的同性恋社区意识教育。
like:如
As Nigeria battles insurgency in the north, and militancy in the south, he says, the passing of this law appears to be a political move in advance of elections next year.
随着尼日利亚南北方的叛乱战事,他表示这一法律的通过似乎是明年大选前的政治战斗。
battles:战斗
Meanwhile, at Fort Dupont Park in Washington, National Park Service head Jonathan Jarvis spoke about the significance of Martin Luther King's call to service.
同时,位于华盛顿杜邦公园的国家公园管理局负责人乔纳森·贾维斯谈到了马丁·路德·金所呼吁志愿服务的意义。
significance:意义
The message Dr. King carried was of service to others, he said.
金博士所消息的是为他人服务,他说道。
message:消息
I love being in nature and I just love these parks, and I just want other people to be able to enjoy them, and the species that live here, to be able to continue to live here, said student Charlotte Leape.
我爱大自然,我喜欢这些公园,而我只是希望别人活享受其中的乐趣,还有生活在这里的物种,活继续居住在这里, 学生夏洛特·利普说道。
live:活
I love being in nature and I just love these parks, and I just want other people to be able to enjoy them, and the species that live here, to be able to continue to live here, said student Charlotte Leape.
我爱大自然,我喜欢这些公园,而我只是希望别人活享受其中的乐趣,还有生活在这里的物种,活继续居住在这里, 学生夏洛特·利普说道。
live:活
She said, The World Food Program is distributing in Bangui to the displaced people, who have gathered at the airport-and also in the makeshift camp there-to other sites in the capital.
她说道:世界粮食计划署正在班吉分发食物分发流离失所的人民,他们聚集在机场,临时营地，还有首都的其他地方。
distributing:分发
We've managed to get that food through and food distributions in the villages and around Bossangoa are resuming.
我们要设法食物送达那里,在周围的村庄分发而且在博桑戈阿的行动也在恢复。
resuming:恢复
We're looking at all we can do to try and work with the parties there to get the security situation so that the trucks can freely and safely move down with the food.
我们正在竭尽所能努力尝试，与做协作，确保卡车可以自由安全的运送食物。
do:做
Among the suggestions from a presidential review board are having the NSA give up control of phone records, ending spying on the leaders of U.S. allies,
总统审查板提出的建议包括：国安局放弃对电话记录的控制，结束对美国盟国领袖的间谍行为，
board:板
Binney said the president needs to scrap bulk data collection entirely and use a more tightly focused approach.
宾尼说总统需要放弃大量数据数据行为，使用针对性更强的办法。
data:数据
"So no longer collecting foreign intelligence just because we can,but actually collecting foreign intelligence when we have a cognizable identifiable individualized need for specific information on specific individuals
“所以不再因为我们能收集信息而收集信息，而是在需要对特别的更长获得可识别的、更长化、专门的信息时才去获取，
longer:更长
"So no longer collecting foreign intelligence just because we can,but actually collecting foreign intelligence when we have a cognizable identifiable individualized need for specific information on specific individuals
“所以不再因为我们能收集信息而收集信息，而是在需要对特别的有获得可识别的、有化、专门的信息时才去获取，
have:有
During a recent trip to Beirut, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif took the time to visit and lay a wreath upon the grave of a notorious terrorist, Imad Mughniyeh.
在最近一次前往贝鲁特的旅行中,伊朗外交部长默罕默德·贾瓦德·扎里夫专程前往伊迈德·穆格尼耶的坟墓为这位臭名昭的著恐怖分子敬献花圈。
trip:旅行
Those attacks include the simultaneous truck bombings in Beirut in 1983 that killed two hundred forty-one U.S. Marines and fifty-eight French paratroopers.
这些轰炸包括1983年在贝鲁特的同时卡车爆炸事件造成241名美国海军陆战队和58名法国伞兵死亡。
bombings:轰炸
In a statement from the White House, National Security Council Spokesperson Caitlin Hayden said, The United States condemns the decision taken by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif Khonsari to place a wreath at the grave of Imad Mughniyeh, a former leader of Lebanese Hezbollah responsible for heinous acts of terrorism that killed hundreds of innocent people, including Americans.
而在白宫的一份声明中,国家安全委员会发言人凯特琳·海登说道:美国谴责伊朗外交部长默罕默德·贾瓦德·扎里夫所采取为穆格尼耶献花圈的决定,他纪念的这位前黎巴嫩真主党领导人是多起令人发指恐怖袭击的元凶,数百名无辜的人因他而坟墓,其中包括美国人在内。
grave:坟墓
In a statement from the White House, National Security Council Spokesperson Caitlin Hayden said, The United States condemns the decision taken by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif Khonsari to place a wreath at the grave of Imad Mughniyeh, a former leader of Lebanese Hezbollah responsible for heinous acts of terrorism that killed hundreds of innocent people, including Americans.
而在白宫的一份声明中,国家安全委员会发言人凯特琳·海登说道:美国谴责伊朗外交部长默罕默德·贾瓦德·扎里夫所采取为穆格尼耶献花圈的决定,他纪念的这位前黎巴嫩真主党领导人是多起令人发指恐怖主义的元凶,数百名无辜的人因他而死,其中包括美国人在内。
terrorism:恐怖主义
The inhumane violence that Mughniyeh perpetrated-and that Lebanese Hezbollah continues to perpetrate in the region with Iran's financial and material support, she said,
穆格尼耶犯下的是不人道的罪行,而有了伊朗的金融和材料支持，黎巴嫩真主党才得以继续在该地区施暴,她说道,
material:材料
The decision to commemorate an individual who participated in such vicious acts, and whose organization continues to actively support terrorism worldwide, sends the wrong message and will only exacerbate tensions in the region.
参与纪念这样一个恶贯满盈之人,而且其组织继续积极支持在世界范围内的恐怖主义的决定,这是在消息错误的消息,只会加剧该地区的紧张局势。
message:消息
But Basu says the effects are likely to be mild because many countries started feeling the impact of higher interest rates after the Fed signaled its intentions by the middle of 2013.
但巴素说这些影响可能会比较温和，因为在美联储2013年年中表示其意图后，许多中间开始感到更高利率的影响。
middle:中间
Therefore, it's not easy to access all the people we would want to reach, but we are committed to that to be able to reach more and more people as the days go by, said Fominyen.
因此，接触我们所想的人并非易事,但我们承诺随着时间的承诺会帮助到越来越多的人。佛明恩说道。
committed:承诺
That's about 10-percent of what we had in country and that's roughly enough food to feed about 180,000 people for a month, he said.
大约占我们在这个国家的10%,足够养活大约180000人一个月左右的饲料,他说道。
feed:饲料
The committee advised the president to order the NSA to stop storing the records of millions of phone calls and, instead, have phone companies -or some third party - do it.
该委员会建议总统下令美国国家安全局停止保存数百万电话记录，由电话或第三方来做这件事。
calls:电话
Attorney Michael Sussmann said the companies he represents fear they could be sued, and would have to spend more time and money to give the information to other parties.
律师迈克尔·苏斯曼说委托他的电话公司担心会代表起诉，而将信息给第三方要耗费时间和资金。
represents:代表
Indeed, private companies seem to be allowing their customers’ information to be hacked on what seems to be a daily basis,”said Grassley.
确实，私人公司似乎允许其顾客的信息每天都似乎能似乎窃取。”
seem:似乎
Indeed, private companies seem to be allowing their customers’ information to be hacked on what seems to be a daily basis,”said Grassley.
确实，私人公司似乎允许其顾客的信息每天都似乎能似乎窃取。”
seems:似乎
But for now they are focusing on the crisis at hand, bringing water to rural areas.
但是现在他们则集中于手头上的危机,那就是将水源带到偏远地区。
focusing:集中
The U.S. hopes U.S. financial support for CASA-1000 will encourage other donors to support the project
美国希望美国的对CASA-1000的财政援助能鼓励其他国家也鼓励该项目，
encourage:鼓励
Announcement of the resignation and that of interim Prime Minister Nicolas Tiengaye, came as leaders from the 10-nation Economic Community of Central African States regional bloc met to help settle the crisis, which has cost more than a thousand lives and forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes.
而随后临时总理尼古拉·谭盖伊也宣布辞职，他是从中非国家经济共同体地区10国集团选出，希望帮助解决这场已有超过数千人死亡,并迫使成千上万人逃跑家园的危机。
flee:逃跑
We call on armed groups to disarm and disband, for all parties to show restraint and commit to a path towards peace during this transition,
我们呼吁武装聚会解散,各方在过渡期间保持克制及展现出对于和平的承诺,
parties:聚会
We will also continue our support for the humanitarian agencies aiding those in need with food assistance, medical care and other services.
我们还将继续协助人道主义机构为那些有需要的人提供食品,医疗和其他援助。
aiding:协助
Orbital Sciences is just one of two American firms hired by NASA to deliver supplies to the manned space research outpost orbiting 400 kilometers above earth.
轨道科学公司是受雇于美国航天局用来向距离地球400公里处的人造太空研究外哨运送物资的两家公司之一。
outpost:外哨
But according to Starzyk, Space Business Roundtable's goal in 2014 is to encourage more students to consider careers in space.
但Starzyk说，太空职业圆桌会议2014年的目标是鼓励更多学习考虑投身太空事业。
careers:职业
"Actually, it's a major problem in most countries of getting young people interested in studying engineering, specifically aerospace engineering," she said.
“事实上对于大多数国家来说让年轻人对它，尤其是航天它感兴趣都是一件大事。”
it:它
Aid agencies are trucking in water and food and stepping up immunization campaigns to help meet the growing needs.
援助机构正在卡车运输水和食物,并且加强免疫接种来帮助满足日益增长的需求。
trucking:卡车运输
Aid agencies are trucking in water and food and stepping up immunization campaigns to help meet the growing needs.
援助机构正在运送水和食物,并且加强免疫接种来帮助满足高的需求。
up:高
for future cooperation related to shared interests in food security, food safety, and sustainability,as well as the expansion of export opportunities for American farmers and ranchers,”
涉及我们在粮食安全、食品安全、可持续及为美国农场主和牧民提供更多出口机会方面。”
ranchers:农场主
Regarding horticulture, Secretary Vilsack re-affirmed a pathway for reopening China’s market for Washington apples and California citrus.
在园艺方面，部长维尔萨克再次确认中国市场再次为华盛顿苹果和加州柑橘重新打开的路线。
reopening:重新打开
Secretary Vilsack also urged China to streamline its biotechnology approval process,
部长维尔萨克还敦促中国简化生物它的批准程序，
its:它的
Secretary Vilsack shared a proposal for a revised memorandum of understanding focused on expanding the scope of science and technology cooperation in the field of agriculture.
他提出一份有关扩大农业科学科学和技术合作的范围的修改后的谅解备忘录。
science:科学
Attendees included a broad range of U.S. and Chinese agribusiness leaders and high-level Chinese government officials.
出席者包括美中农业各方面的领导人和中国政府官员。
Attendees:出席者
Last year, the technology needed for their driver-less sedan took up the entire rear end of the car.
去年,这项技术还需要他们的司机，而且光是装置就要占据西丹的整个尾部。
sedan:西丹
Induct showed off its self-piloted shuttle, called the Navia.
Induct公司展示其叫做纳维亚的自动飞行员汽车。
piloted:飞行员
The purpose of this is to enable the customer to recharge their vehicle off the grid.
这样做的目的是使客户可以在断网状况下重新充电。
recharge:重新充电
Von Hasseln says the ChefJet and ChefJetPro use melted sugar to create sweet creations like candy and cake decorations.
冯·哈塞琳表示ChefJet和ChefJetPro使用融化的糖来创造糖果和蛋糕装饰等的糖果。
candy:糖果
Although designed to operate for only 90 Martian days,both rovers functioned much longer, and provided huge amounts of information, said Geologist John Grant.
尽管两个漫游者原本设计的是只运行90个火星日，它们运行的更久，为项目地质学家提供有关火星的大量资料，地质学家约翰·格兰特如是说。
Geologist:地质学家
the environments that were there in the past, but more specifically - what the role of water was in shaping those environments,” said Grant.
也就是过去的环境，但更具体的是水在形成这些环境塑造中起的作用。”
shaping:塑造
David Lavery of NASA's Mars Exploration Program said the technologies developed for the Mars rovers are now making their way into everyday life here on Earth.
航天局火星探测项目的David Lavery说为制造火星漫游者而开发的技术现在已经技术到地球的日常生活。
technologies:技术
Curiosity will be joined by another rover in 2020, as the U.S. space agency looks ahead to an eventual visit by humans.
“好奇号”将在2020年与另一个漫游者参观，同时美国航天局希望最终实现人类登陆火星。
visit:参观
In July 2013, Canada, Mexico and the United States agreed on an action plan to improve environmental standards in the transportation sector,to act on climate change and to improve air quality.
2013年7月，墨西哥和美国就一项行动计划达成协议，将提高运输领域的环境标准，就气候改善做出行动，从而提高空气质量。
improve:改善
In July 2013, Canada, Mexico and the United States agreed on an action plan to improve environmental standards in the transportation sector,to act on climate change and to improve air quality.
2013年7月，墨西哥和美国就一项行动计划达成协议，将提高运输领域的环境标准，就气候改善做出行动，从而提高空气质量。
improve:改善
She reportedly lost 22 kilos through exercise, healthy eating, and limiting her alcohol intake.
据报道她通过锻炼，健康饮食及限制酒精减掉了22公斤。
alcohol:酒精
If folks cannot pay their bills or buy the basics, like food and clothes, local businesses take a hit and hire fewer workers, said Obama.
如果人们不能付账单或买食物衣服等基本生活用品，地方经济就会受到打击，雇佣的员工就会减少。总统说道。
buy:买
I think that will be a very, very contentious issue, but it is one where the politics really argue for Republicans finding a way to pass that.
我认为这将是一个非常具有争议的问题，但共和党人需要这个政治问题发现一种通议案的方法。
finding:发现
“Its isolation and extreme conditions mean that search and rescue capability is extremely limited.
其与世孤立和极端的环境意味着研究和救援能力很有限。
isolation:孤立
including ensuring that international collision avoidance regulations are strictly observed in order to avoid the risk of loss of life or injury and damage to property or the marine environment,” the statement noted.
包括严格遵守国际冲突避免法规，以避免出现生命损失、风险财产或海洋环境的风险。”
risk:风险
Lethal research techniques are not required for modern whale conservation and management.
致命的研究技术不用用于现代鲸鱼保护和管理。
techniques:技术
“We are committed to improving the conservation status of whales worldwide,
“我们致力于养护全球鲸鱼的保护状况，
conservation:养护
Commercial aquaculture can be a profitable and environmentally sustainable activity if conducted with the right methods in the right waters,
商业水产水产养殖如果按照正确的方式在合适的水域进行，就可以成为有利可图又有利于环境可持续的活动，
aquaculture:水产养殖
Scientists at NOAA’s National Ocean Service reviewed more than 400 scientific papers on 21st century marine finfish aquaculture practices at locations around the world,
NOAA海洋局的科学家审查了400多份有关全世界各地21世纪海洋有鳍鱼水产养殖实践的科学论文，
aquaculture:水产养殖
that is, ecosystems of plants and organisms living on the floor of an aquatic environment.
也就是海底水生环境里水族和有机物的生态系统。
aquatic:水族
Practices in various localities consistently show that “farming with minimal or acceptable environmental effects is possible in many ecosystems as long as proper safeguards are in place to minimize nutrient and chemical discharge and to manage its immediate and cumulative impacts,” according to the NOAA report.
各地的农业实践都表明“在许多生态系统中，只要采取适当的防范措施来使营养和化学排放最小化，从而控制其即时的累积效应，那么存在极小或可以接受的环境影响的农作方式是可能的。”
farming:农业
The report notes that changing trends in aquaculture practices have lowered the number of water-quality problems from the number detected in the early years of the industry.
这份报告指出，与该产业早年发现的问题数量相比，水产水产养殖的变化趋势已经降低了水质问题的数量。
aquaculture:水产养殖
Locating farms near shallow water or in semi-enclosed water bodies is likely to create water-quality issues, the report finds.
报告发现，浅水或半封闭水域附近的农场可能产生浅问题。
shallow:浅
The rising world population is becoming more reliant on aquaculture for food production.
全球骤增的人口越来越依赖于将水产生产食品来源，
production:生产
In the U.S., domestic aquaculture can aid in decreasing U.S. reliance on imported products, provide jobs and food security, and meet the rising demand for seafood.
在美国，国内水产水产养殖能减少美国对进口食物的依赖，创造就业，确保粮食安全，满足对海洋食品渐长的寻求。
aquaculture:水产养殖
In the U.S., domestic aquaculture can aid in decreasing U.S. reliance on imported products, provide jobs and food security, and meet the rising demand for seafood.
在美国，国内水产养殖能减少美国对进口食物的依赖，创造就业，确保粮食安全，满足对海洋海鲜渐长的寻求。
seafood:海鲜
And because entrepreneurship is a key driver of economic growth, job creation and innovation,
由于创业精神是经济发展、创新就业和创新的关键推动力，
innovation:创新
The idea is to step in and help where a small extra push could make the difference to the success of enterprises,
其构想是对那些只要一点额外推就能对创业成功起到大作用的地方提供帮助，
push:推
roadblocks that may prevent entrepreneurs from access to financial resources, expertise and advisory support,
以及可能路障企业家获得资金支持、专业知识、咨询支持、
roadblocks:路障
along with networks needed to start a new venture, help them try out and refine their business models, and offer support so they may grow.
以及建立新商务所需网络方面的障碍，我们需要帮助他们尝试并改善商业模式，提供支持帮助他们发展。
business:商务
“In the last 20 years alone, human ingenuity and entrepreneurship around the world have reduced child mortality rates by 42 percent and poverty rates by 48 percent--
美国国际开发署署长拉吉夫·沙赫说，“单单是过去20年间，全世界人类的创新和创业精神使得儿童死亡率减少了42%，使得贫困率减少了48%，
reduced:减少
lifting over 600 million people above the dollar-and-a-quarter poverty line,” said USAID Administrator, Dr. Rajiv Shah.Through programs like PACE, we hope to continue advancing global prosperity.
帮助6亿多人前进了1.25美元的贫困线。”我们希望通过PACE这样的项目来继续推进全球繁荣。
advancing:前进
Mr. Dinh, 50 years old, has been incarcerated since his arrest in October 2011 for writing articles that raised environmental concerns and questioned the government-supported development of a bauxite mine in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam.
50岁高龄的蒂尼先生在2011年10月因发表提高环境问题意识及质疑政府所支持越南中部高地地区铝土矿发展的文章逮捕以来一直处于受监禁状态。
arrest:逮捕
Mr. Dinh, 50 years old, has been incarcerated since his arrest in October 2011 for writing articles that raised environmental concerns and questioned the government-supported development of a bauxite mine in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam.
50岁高龄的蒂尼先生在2011年10月因发表发展环境问题意识及质疑政府所支持越南中部高地地区铝土矿发展的文章被捕以来一直处于受监禁状态。
development:发展
U.N. refugee agency spokesman Daniel MacIsaac said the UNHCR is trying to maintain access to those in need despite fighting across at least seven states.
发言人丹尼尔·麦克伊萨克称尽管战斗蔓延至至少七个州，但联合国难民署正试图接触那些有需要的人。
fighting:战斗
We're also seeing that access to these people is affected by what we call insecurity, basically, the danger, the fighting and that type of thing, too.
同样我们也看到, 我们所说的不安全感会影响尝试接触这些难民,基本上,不安全,战事及这类的事情。
insecurity:不安全
UNHCR-because of our expertise-we are certainly among the U.N. agencies and other partners who are helping to provide supplies to these people be it sleeping mats, tents, food and water.
由于我们的专业知识，联合国难民署，当然我们联合国机构和其他合作伙伴需要帮助为这些人提供睡着垫、帐篷、食物和水。
sleeping:睡着
Those fleeing across South Sudan's borders are being helped by a variety of agencies and government ministries.
那些逃跑南苏丹边界的人们正受到来自各种各样机构和政府部门的帮助。
fleeing:逃跑
MacIsaac said, There's good cooperation with the governments, be it Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda and even in Sudan, of course, as well-together with our NGO partners in those countries.
麦克伊萨克说道:与政府有良好的合作,埃塞俄比亚,肯尼亚,乌干达，甚至是在苏丹,当然,这些国家也与非政府非政府组织合作伙伴。
NGO:非政府组织
Besides helping the displaced-and those who've fled to other countries -UNHCR continues to support about 210,000 refugees from neighboring Sudan.
除了帮助流离失所还有那些逃离到其他国家的人,联合国难民署也继续支持来自邻国苏丹的大约210000名难民。
fled:逃离
The UNHCR said it's also focusing on child protection, saying many family members have been separated while trying to escape the fighting.
联合国难民署表示也在关注儿童保护,因为许多家庭成员在试图躲避战乱同时家人分离。
while:同时
to sanitation and to hygiene services and also to make sure that they get the food and the temporary shelter that are essential to be able to continue this work.”
卫生设备和卫生服务，并确保能获得食物和临时住处，这些都是确保服务继续进展很重要的。”
services:服务
We will work closely with our friends in the Philippines to rebuild this region even better and stronger and safer.”
我们将与菲律宾朋友们密切合作重建这个地区，使之更加更好、强大和安全。”
better:更好
As it's making that plastic from a molten plastic into a solid component, we are moving the pigments such that they form specific images, he said.
用这个机器将熔融塑料变成塑料形式，我们调整让它们形成特定图像的颜料。
plastic:塑料
As it's making that plastic from a molten plastic into a solid component, we are moving the pigments such that they form specific images, he said.
用这个机器将熔融塑料变成塑料形式，我们调整让它们形成特定图像的颜料。
plastic:塑料
The way the pigment is configured inside the plastic ensures the security of the data.
用塑料卡内色素的变化确保内存数据的安全。
pigment:色素
The United States announced two new foreign assistance efforts aimed at helping a number of Southeast Asian countries through regional and bilateral assistance to advance maritime capacity building.
美国宣布两个外交援助项目，目的是通过地区和双边援助帮助一些东南亚国家进行海军能力建筑。
building:建筑
The remainder of the funds will support bilateral capacity-building programs with other Southeast Asian countries,
资金的其余部分用于支持与其他东南亚国家进行双边能力建筑，
building:建筑
“No region can be secure in the absence of effective law enforcement in territorial waters,” he said.
“没有哪个地区能在缺席领海有效执法的前提下确保安全，
absence:缺席
Including these two new funding commitments, the United States’s region-wide funding support for maritime capacity building in Southeast Asia exceeds $156 million for the next two years.
美国在东南亚地区的地区海事能力建筑资金支持包括这两个新的资金项目，未来两年其资金将超过1.56亿美元。
building:建筑
And since I am in charge, obviously, we screwed it up, Obama remarked.
而自从我负责以来,显然我们把它搞砸了,奥巴马注释。
remarked:注释
Republicans continue to call for Obamacare's repeal, contending that more Americans have had their existing health insurance policies cancelled than have benefitted from the law.
共和党人继续呼吁废除奥巴马医改法案,声称相比来自法律，更多美国人的现有医疗保险政策的受益被废除。
repeal:废除
Republicans continue to call for Obamacare's repeal, contending that more Americans have had their existing health insurance policies cancelled than have benefitted from the law.
共和党人继续呼吁废除奥巴马医改法案,争论相比来自法律，更多美国人的现有医疗保险政策的受益被取消。
contending:争论
The “kitchen” is the place where food is prepared, in a room where you do the cooking. The cat “was sitting on the counter.”
猫咪“was sitting on the counter.”“counter”是很长的一个台子-就像计数器一样。
counter:计数器
The “counter” is a long surface – a long area that is sort of like a table.
一般在厨房或者浴室里有计数器；上面可以放东西。
counter:计数器
Usually you find a counter in a kitchen or a bathroom; it’s a place where you can put things.
一般在计数器下面，有空间储存东西。
counter:计数器
If a person is “acting up,” especially a young child, we mean that that child is causing problems – yelling, fighting, screaming, et cetera.
”如果某个人“造成 up,”特别是小孩子，我们是说小孩子闯祸了-尖叫打架等等。
causing:造成
To be “worn (worn) out” is when you are very tired, when you’re exhausted.
“我刚刚和我五岁的侄子一起玩耍，现在疲惫不堪了。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
Jason says, “I have had trouble sleeping.” Wei says, “It’s no wonder.” When we say something is “no wonder,” we mean it’s not surprising; it’s not unexpected.
”Jason说，“I have had trouble 睡着.”Wei说，“It’s no wonder.”当我们说某件事“no wonder,”意思是这件事没什么好惊讶的。
sleeping:睡着
Someone says, “This is a dog-eat-dog business,” they mean it’s a very difficult business; there’s a lot of competition; a lot of people trying to do better than the other people.
某个人说，“This is a dog -eat-dog business,”他们是说这个生意不更好做；有很多竞争对手；很多人想做的比别人更好。
better:更好
We have another expression “to get on someone’s nerves.” It means to make them feel anxious or worried – to bother them.
有一个短语是“to get on 有’s nerves.”意思是让他们感到焦虑。
have:有
Jason says, “I could use a breather.” A “breather” (breather) is a break; a rest; a short period of time when you don’t have to do anything.
Jason说，“I could use a breather.”“breather”是指呼吸器；没事情做的一段时间。
breather:呼吸器
Jason says, “I could use a breather.” A “breather” (breather) is a break; a rest; a short period of time when you don’t have to do anything.
Jason说，“I could use a breather.”“breather”是指呼吸器；没事情做的一段时间。
breather:呼吸器
Jason says, “I could use a breather.” A “breather” (breather) is a break; a rest; a short period of time when you don’t have to do anything.
Jason说，“I could use a breather.”“breather”是指呼吸器；没事情做的一段时间。
breather:呼吸器
If you’re working very hard with someone, you might say, “Let’s take a breather” – let’s take a break; let’s stop working for a short time so we can rest.
如果和某个人合作很辛苦，你就可以说，“Let’s take a breather”-我们呼吸器一下吧。
breather:呼吸器
Estimating the size of the market is hard: according to Climate Bonds Initiative (CBI), an NGO, between $10 billion and $30 billion of bonds related to renewable-energy projects have been issued.
对市场规模估计是很困难的：根据气候债券倡议（CBI），一个非政府非政府组织，规模在100 亿到300 亿的与可再生能源计划的债券已经发行。
NGO:非政府组织
Around $5 billion-worth have been issued; by one estimate, they could amount to $30 billion by 2015.
大约价值为50 亿美元的债券已经发行；有预测，到2015年他们的规模将达到300 亿。
have:有
In the absence of a green-bond index, the relevant portfolios will be bound by certain rules.
由于缺席一个绿色债券指数，相关的文件通过一定的规则进行约束。
absence:缺席
Greenness aside, such bonds are indistinguishable from any other investment-grade “plain vanilla” security.
”除绿色外，这些债券与别的投资级别“”安全是没有区别的。
security:安全
It also represents a hardened appreciation that few institutional investors-even in do-gooding Scandinavia-will pay a premium for green.
他也代表了一个根深蒂固的想法几乎没有机构投资者将会为绿色保险费，即使在do -gooding Scandinavia。
premium:保险费
The rise of dull green bonds should address a perception among some investors that climate-change investments must involve a catch.
平庸的绿色债券的升高应该解决投资者中的一种理解，气候变化的投资必然存在一个诡计。
rise:升高
Some signals have been discouraging: a bond issued by CRC Breeze Finance, a vehicle formed to raise cash for a fleet of wind farms, was downgraded to junk after their sails turned less than predicted.
一些迹象已经使人沮丧：CRC Breeze Finance发行的一个债券，一个为一些风力发电厂筹集资金的工具被降级为垃圾级，在他们的风变得比预想的少以后。
Breeze:风
Jackie: He starts off with a simple greeting: ‘Hello…’ he then apologies for coming up to her while she is speaking to someone else.
Jackie ：他开始打了你好:‘Hello…’之后为打扰到她和别人的谈话而道歉。
Hello:你好
Jackie: She says, ‘I don’t think we’ve actually met formally yet.’ A nice thing to say when you have had some kind of contact or link with another person (like you’ve seen them in the same building or spoken briefly), but you haven’t actually exchanged names.
Jackie ：她说，‘I don’t think we’ve actually met formally yet.’如果是你和有有过某种接触（像是在同一栋大楼打过照面，又或者说过几句话，但是并没有正式交换彼此的名字），以上这句话就很适用。
have:有
Jackie: She says, ‘I don’t think we’ve actually met formally yet.’ A nice thing to say when you have had some kind of contact or link with another person (like you’ve seen them in the same building or spoken briefly), but you haven’t actually exchanged names.
Jackie ：她说，‘I don’t think we’ve actually met formally yet.’如果是你和有有过某种接触（像是在同一栋大楼打过照面，又或者说过几句话，但是并没有正式交换彼此的名字），以上这句话就很适用。
have:有
From environmental protection to bank oversight, the rule book has steadily thickened in recent years.
从环境保护到银行监督，最近几年内规章手册浓缩越厚。
thickened:浓缩
There is a growing view, however, that cost-benefit analysis should go further than just considering what a firm pays to comply with a rule or the premium a consumer pays as a result of new regulation.
但是，现在越来越多人持有一种观点，考虑效益成本分析不应只考虑公司为了遵守规章的额外开销，以及消费者承担的由于新的规章造成的额外价格。
considering:考虑
Regulators in America do routinely estimate the impact of new rules on jobs, but such estimates do not enter the ledger when they calculate a rule’s costs.
美国的监管机构确实会例行估计新的规章对就业的影响，但这些估计值在估算规章成本时并不入账。
estimate:估算
Regulators in America do routinely estimate the impact of new rules on jobs, but such estimates do not enter the ledger when they calculate a rule’s costs.
美国的监管机构确实会例行估计新的规章对就业的影响，但这些估计值在估算规章成本时并不入账。
estimates:估算
A 2002 study by Resources for the Future, a think-tank, found that mandated environmental spending by four heavily polluting industries-pulp and paper mills, plastics manufacturers, petroleum refiners, and iron and steel mills-resulted in slightly higher employment because displaced spending often went to more labour-intensive services than the activity curtailed by the rules.
智囊机构“未来资源”2002年的一份研究表明在四个高污染行业－纸浆和造纸业，塑料制造业，炼油业和钢铁业内的强制性环境开销最终造成就业反而微微升高，这是因为规章造成公司把开销从受到监督的制造商转移到监督较少的其他制造商，而这些其它制造商往往更劳动力密集。
manufacturers:制造商
In the early 1970s the Clean Air Act divided the country into “attainment” counties that met federal standards for certain airborne pollutants and “non-attainment” counties in which polluters faced tougher regulatory oversight.
20世纪70年代早期清洁空气法案将全美国根据某些空气污染物排放量分成了两县，达到联邦标准的“达到”郡和污染面临监管机构更严格监督的“未达”郡。
counties:县
In the early 1970s the Clean Air Act divided the country into “attainment” counties that met federal standards for certain airborne pollutants and “non-attainment” counties in which polluters faced tougher regulatory oversight.
20世纪70年代早期清洁空气法案将全美国根据某些空气污染物排放量分成了两县，达到联邦标准的“达到”郡和污染面临监管机构更严格监督的“未达”郡。
counties:县
A recent paper by Steven Davis of the University of Chicago and Till von Wachter of Columbia University estimates that being laid off costs a typical male worker 11% of his future earnings, in present-value dollars.
芝加哥大学的史蒂夫·戴维斯和哥伦比亚大学的提尔·凡瓦彻特最近发表的一篇论文估计，以现值来估算，一名男性员工的未来总收入会因为一次被裁员而降低11%。
estimates:估算
The EPA estimated that the rule’s benefits exceeded its costs by $27m. It also reckoned 900 workers, about 1% of the sector’s total, would be displaced.
EPA估计这项规章的收益超出成本2700万美元，它也计算有900名员工，该产业总雇员数的1%，会因此失去工作。
reckoned:计算
Ideally, cost-benefit analysis would consider not just the number of workers affected by a new rule but also the industry in question, the availability of other jobs nearby, the transferability of their skills and, crucially, the stage of the business cycle.
理想情况下，收益成本分析不仅仅会考虑新规章造成多少员工失业，也会考虑所涉及的产业性质，附近其它就业机会的多少，被裁员的员工能不能不经重新培训就能就职新业以及很关键的一点，商业舞台目前所处的阶段。
stage:舞台
The fund says it will continue to support only essential services in existing programmes after a shortfall of hundreds of millions of dollars.
该基金称，由于数千万美元的短缺，将只对一些关键项目提供资助。
shortfall:短缺
A spokesman for the fund told the BBC the cuts put the progress in combating disease at risk and threatened the lives of people in the developing world.
一位发言人告诉BBC，削减计划影响了与疾病作战斗，威胁发展中国家人们的生命。
combating:战斗
Sometimes these partial failures, if you like, of government bond sales do occur, but this one is regarded by a lot of people in the financial markets as being particularly unwelcome - partly I think a general spread of the anxiety about the whole euro area, spreading from first the smaller peripheral countries to some of the larger ones like Italy, even France.
有时候政府债券会部分难以出售，不过在金融市场上的许多人看来，本国债券有些不受欢迎，我被视为这部分是因为人们普遍担忧整个欧元区，这种忧虑先从小的外围国家蔓延到一些诸如意大利的较大国家。
regarded:被视为
An American auction house is selling artefacts from the failed Apollo 13 mission to the Moon in 1970. This includes the checklist which helped the crew return to Earth after an oxygen tank exploded on board.
美国一家拍卖公司将出售1970年失败的阿波罗13号登月计划中的文物，包括氧气瓶在舱内爆炸后帮助飞行员返回地球的一项检查清单。
checklist:检查清单
It is Commander Lovell's checklist that's being auctioned in Dallas next week.
下周将被拍卖的就是指令长洛韦尔的那张检查清单。
checklist:检查清单
During his childhood, the future senator attended ten different schools in several cities before he started college.
这位未来的参议员，童年的未来曾在不同城市的十所学校里面念过书，直到最后上了大学才定下来。
future:未来
He attended Harvard University as had his father and brothers.
由于他爸爸和哥哥们的关系，他出席哈佛大学录取。
attended:出席
EDWARD KENNEDY: "My brother need not be idealized, or enlarged in death beyond what he was in life; to be remembered simply as a good and decent man who saw wrong and tried to right it, saw suffering and tried to heal it, saw war and tried to stop it."
他只希望人们能够单纯地把他当作一个善良正直的人，一个理想化错误就会努力去纠正的人，一个理想化苦难就会努力去救助的人，一个理想化战争就会努力去阻止的人。”
idealized:理想化
Ted Kennedy asked voters in Massachusetts whether he should resign from the Senate.
特德·肯尼迪寻问马萨诸塞州的选民们觉得他是否应该辞职在参议院的职务。
resign:辞职
Senator Kennedy worked for improved health care, education and immigration reform.
参议员肯尼迪致力于改革医疗保健，教育和移民政策改革。
reform:改革
Senator Kennedy also helped create health and nutrition programs for pregnant women, babies and children in low-income families.
参议员肯尼迪还建立了一些健康和营养项目来帮助孕妇，婴儿和低收入家庭的婴儿们。
babies:婴儿
He led efforts to increase aid for higher education and increase wages for the lowest-paid workers.
他带领政府增加高等教育的援助资金，并且支付的薪资水平特别低的底层工人们加薪。
paid:支付的
JOHN MCCAIN: "When we agreed on an issue and worked together to make a little progress for the country on an important issue, he was the best ally you could have.
JOHN MCCAIN:“每当我们在某个问题上达成共识，或者是在某个对国家很重要的问题上团结合作，最好的进步的时候，他是最好的一位盟友。
best:最好的
JOHN MCCAIN: "When we agreed on an issue and worked together to make a little progress for the country on an important issue, he was the best ally you could have.
JOHN MCCAIN:“每当我们在某个问题上达成共识，或者是在某个对盟友很重要的问题上团结合作，力求进步的时候，他是最好的一位盟友。
ally:盟友
JOHN MCCAIN: "When we agreed on an issue and worked together to make a little progress for the country on an important issue, he was the best ally you could have.
JOHN MCCAIN:“每当我们在有问题上达成共识，或者是在有对国家很重要的问题上团结合作，力求进步的时候，他是最好的一位盟友。
have:有
Senator Kennedy also asked for support for the cause of his life, "that we will break the old gridlock and guarantee that every American... will have decent quality health care as a fundamental right and not a privilege."
参议员肯尼迪还希望他的一个人生追求能得到支持：“我们将打破老的局面,确保每个美国人都能得到享受高质量医疗保健的基本权利，而不是仅仅享有特权的人才能得到”。
old:老
Ted Kennedy's children, grandchildren, nieces and nephews spoke at the funeral service.
在葬礼葬礼上，特德·肯尼迪的子女，孙子孙女，侄子和侄女们都致了辞。
funeral:葬礼
The image of a man on a boat, white mane tousled, smiling broadly as he sails into the wind, ready for whatever storms may come, carrying on toward some new and wondrous place just beyond the horizon."
我们仿佛看到了一位老人站在船上，披着一头蓬乱的白发，笑容满面地在风中承载，不畏风暴，朝着令人神往的地方航行着，渐渐地消失在视野中。”
carrying:承载
SUBHO ROY: "Last year the old pattern was still there -- cyber cafes being top, then office, and then home.
SUBHO ROY:“去年的情况还是老的旧模式，网吧的互联网用户最多，其次才是办公地点和家用的。
old:老
SUBHO ROY: "Last year the old pattern was still there -- cyber cafes being top, then office, and then home.
SUBHO ROY:“去年的情况还是以往的旧模式，网吧的互联网用户最多，其次才是办公在那儿和家用的。
there:在那儿
So this dramatic change has come about this year -- a very, very great movement in the home-use segment.
所以今年的情况确实发生了翻天覆地的运动，尤其是在家里使用互联网的人群数量有了戏剧性的增长。
movement:运动
Mr. Goyal got the idea for Zomato while working at a consulting firm three years ago.
三年前，Goyal还在一家咨询公司工作的同时，他就有了要创建“Zomato”网站的想法。
while:同时
The rooms are grouped by regions and period, from the 7th century to the end of the 19th century.
这些陈列间都按照展品的地区和时代而被分组，展出的收藏品包括了从7世纪到19世纪世纪的一些艺术作品。
century:世纪
The rooms are grouped by regions and period, from the 7th century to the end of the 19th century.
这些陈列间都按照展品的地区和时代而被分组，展出的收藏品包括了从7世纪到19世纪世纪的一些艺术作品。
century:世纪
The reopening of the Met's Islamic galleries comes at a time of heightened interest in Islam around the world, and many visitors are expected.
”这次大都会伊斯兰画廊的重新重新打开引起了全世界对伊斯兰教的浓厚兴趣，预计将会有很多游客来一睹风采。
reopening:重新打开
They spent eight months creating a traditional Moroccan courtyard inside the museum - with a fountain, columns and lacy archways and ceramic tiles on the walls.
他们花了八个月的时间在这个博物馆内喷泉了一个传统的摩洛哥院子，里面有喷泉,圆柱，花边的拱廊,以及挂有陶瓷砖的墙。
fountain:喷泉
Moore says today ships of all flags and functions continue to ignore international agreements, dumping their trash into the ocean - synthetic chemicals, pesticides, nuclear waste, nerve and mustard agents.
”摩尔指出，现在仍然有很多各个国家、各种性质的船舰无视国际条约，把他们的垃圾倒入海洋，包括人造的杀虫剂、杀虫剂、核废料、叶脉和芥菜。
pesticides:杀虫剂
In Plastic Ocean, Captain Charles Moore calls plastic pollution more damaging than climate change, and issues a call to protect the oceans - where life began - for future generations.
在《塑料海洋》这本书中，查尔斯·摩尔船长把塑料污染称作是比环境破坏性更加可怕的一种污染。
damaging:破坏性
IT IS hardly news that the city of Detroit has been in long-term decline, a victim of everything from the problems of the “big three” carmakers to family breakdown, crime and middle-class flight, both black and white.
作为“三大”汽车汽车制造商问题，家庭破裂，犯罪以及中产阶级流逝等诸多问题的直接后果，底特律经历的长期衰败，对所有人来说都算不上什么新闻。
carmakers:汽车制造商
When the results from the most recent decennial census appeared earlier this year, they showed that in the decade from 2000 to 2010 Detroit lost an astonishing 25% of its population, a demographic catastrophe (New Orleans apart) without parallel in the developed world.
当最近10年的人口普查结果在今年早些时候发布时，他展示了一个发达国家人口统计学上绝无仅有的（新奥尔良除外）的大灾难--从2000至2010的十年间，底特律四分之一的人口令人惊奇的流失了。
astonishing:惊奇
When the results from the most recent decennial census appeared earlier this year, they showed that in the decade from 2000 to 2010 Detroit lost an astonishing 25% of its population, a demographic catastrophe (New Orleans apart) without parallel in the developed world.
当最近10年的人口普查结果在今年早些时候发布时，他展示了一个发达国家人口人口上绝无仅有的（新奥尔良除外）的大灾难--从2000至2010的十年间，底特律四分之一的人口令人惊讶的流失了。
demographic:人口
Vacant properties are magnets for crime, and once one house in a block has been vandalised, and often set alight, the problem tends to spread.
宾说道。闲置的房产就是犯罪的催化剂，一栋空闲的房屋指望蓄意破坏，或指望经常纵火，就可能会衍生出一系列的问题。
tends:指望
Politically, though, that has proved very hard to do.
虽然在政治上，这证明证明是一件非常困难的事情。
proved:证明
Yet while he has drawn up a sensible-sounding plan, Detroit Works, which will help boost three pilot viable areas, with more to come next year, there is still no flipside plan for what to do about places that everyone knows are simply not saveable.
尽管他已经起草了一个会在明年更加完善，并看起来不错的，提升三个可行试点区域发展的方案--底特律计划，但目前仍然没有一个不同的计划是关于那些人皆尽知，根本无可救药的地方该怎么办的。
boost:提升
Yet despite all the gloom, there is a bit of a sense that things might just be starting to turn, and the reason is simple: Detroit is now incredibly cheap.
尽管抛开所有的不快，但依然会有些感觉到，事情也许开始转机了，原因很简单：底特律的土地正难以置信地廉价。
sense:感觉
His 1,700 staff there were joined, earlier this month, by another 2,000 people whom he moved into a second building nearby.
本月早些时候，他的1，700名员工进驻了新的办公在那儿，而另外2, 000名员工被他安排到了附近的另外一栋大厦。
there:在那儿
Ideally, it would then link up with services reaching deep into the suburbs; but bureaucratic and political rivalries between the various municipal and county governments involved have so far stymied attempts to do it.
在理想状态下，它将成为连接深入郊区的服务项目的纽带；但是该项目目前涉及的官僚主义，以及各类市政府与下级政府之间的党派竞争，已经完全妨碍了该服务的开展。
services:服务
It really should fall to Michigan’s governor to bang the necessary heads together, but this has not yet happened.
真的应该由密歇根的州长敲醒那些相关人员，但这种必要并没有发生。
necessary:必要
You can buy yourself a vast Victorian town-house in a perfectly pleasant area like English Village for $100,000, or a loft in somewhere a bit edgier like Corktown for considerably less.
你可以在一如英国乡村一样完美舒适的地方，花费$ 100, 000为自己买一个宽敞的维多利亚式别墅,或者花费相对更低的资金在类似库克镇一样有点边缘的某个地方买一个阁楼。菲尔?
buy:买
You can buy yourself a vast Victorian town-house in a perfectly pleasant area like English Village for $100,000, or a loft in somewhere a bit edgier like Corktown for considerably less.
你可以在一如英国乡村一样完美舒适的地方，花费$ 100, 000为自己购买一个宽敞的维多利亚式别墅,或者花费相对更低的资金在类似库克镇一样有点边缘的维多利亚式地方购买一个阁楼。菲尔?
Victorian:维多利亚式
You can buy yourself a vast Victorian town-house in a perfectly pleasant area like English Village for $100,000, or a loft in somewhere a bit edgier like Corktown for considerably less.
你可以在一如英国乡村一样完美舒适的地方，花费$ 100, 000为自己购买一个宽敞的维多利亚如别墅,或者花费相对更低的资金在类似库克镇一样有点边缘的某个地方购买一个阁楼。菲尔?
like:如
You can buy yourself a vast Victorian town-house in a perfectly pleasant area like English Village for $100,000, or a loft in somewhere a bit edgier like Corktown for considerably less.
你可以在一如英国乡村一样完美舒适的地方，花费$ 100, 000为自己购买一个宽敞的维多利亚如别墅,或者花费相对更低的资金在类似库克镇一样有点边缘的某个地方购买一个阁楼。菲尔?
like:如
He has opened Detroit’s nicest new restaurant, Slows Bar B Q, opposite a derelict railway station; and he and his family have bought a group of buildings along the same street which they are now letting out to other reviving amenities of cool urban life, such as a bakery and a cocktail bar.
他在一个废弃火车站的对面开了一家底特律最好的新餐厅--Slows Bar BQ；并且与他的家人一起买下了这条街上的大量房产，现在他们将这些房产租给了都市潮流生活的其它复兴他，诸如糕点屋和鸡尾酒吧。
He:他
He has opened Detroit’s nicest new restaurant, Slows Bar B Q, opposite a derelict railway station; and he and his family have bought a group of buildings along the same street which they are now letting out to other reviving amenities of cool urban life, such as a bakery and a cocktail bar.
他在一个废弃火车站的对面开了一家底特律最好的新餐厅--Slows Bar BQ；并且与他的家人一起买下了这条街上的大量房产，现在他们将这些房产租给了都市潮流生活的其它复兴他，诸如糕点屋和鸡尾酒吧。
he:他
He has opened Detroit’s nicest new restaurant, Slows Bar B Q, opposite a derelict railway station; and he and his family have bought a group of buildings along the same street which they are now letting out to other reviving amenities of cool urban life, such as a bakery and a cocktail bar.
他在一个废弃火车站的对面开了一家底特律最好的新餐厅--Slows Bar BQ；并且与他的家人一起买下了这条街上的大量房产，现在他们将这些房产租给了都市潮流生活的其它复兴如，诸如糕点屋和鸡尾酒吧。
as:如
And besides all this, a quiet revolution is taking place in Detroit’s schools, which have done so much to drive people away.
不仅如此，一场革命在曾于人口逃离中扮演重要角色的底特律教育界悄然展开。
revolution:革命
Thanks in large part to the generosity of Detroit’s philanthropic phalanx, especially the Skillman Foundation, they are gradually getting better.
他们的逐渐更好在很大程度上要感谢慷慨的底特律慈善界，特别是曼基基金。
better:更好
Half of Detroit’s children now escape the poorly run and poorly funded public schools, because of an explosion in the number of independent charter schools, religious foundations and rules that let pupils attend schools in neighbouring suburbs.
由于独立的特许学校在数量上的激增，底特律一半的儿童脱离了经营不善、资金匮乏的公立学校，教会捐款与法律的支持也使学生出席就近入学。密歇根州的新州长，共和党人瑞克?
attend:出席
A library’s-worth of conspiracy theories has never explained his disappearance.
关于此事的阴谋论之多足以装满一个图书馆，却未能理论他为何消失。
theories:理论
The organisation, according to Richard Harris Smith, its biographer, had some “recurrent themes: democratic, social, progressive reform”.
其传记传记家理查德哈里斯史密斯说，“民主的、社会的、渐进式改革”是在这个组织中反复出现的一些主题。
biographer:传记家
The Kennedys, the Eisenhowers, Truman Capote, Somerset Maugham and “nearly every prominent royal or heiress in Europe”; they all came to dinner chez Jim when they graced Bangkok.
肯尼迪家族、艾森豪威尔家族、杜鲁门卡波特、萨默塞特毛姆和“几乎每一位著名的欧洲王室成员及女性王位继承人”在大驾光临曼谷时，无一例外都来了吉姆的住所与他共进晚餐。
came:来了
The Learning Guides contain all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导包含所有的词汇，解释，例句，附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。本期节目叫做“公司赞助。
contain:包含
The Learning Guides contain all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。本期节目叫做“公司赞助。
definitions:定义
The Learning Guides contain all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，附加解释，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。本期节目叫做“公司赞助。
sample:样品
The Learning Guides contain all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions, cultural notes, comprehension questions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。本期节目叫做“公司赞助。
definitions:定义
This episode is called “Corporate Sponsorship,” about when a company decides to give money to help an organization.
”有关一家公司给一个公司提供资金帮助。
company:公司
Corporate sponsorship is usually given to these organizations, and the company gets advertising.
这些组织可以获得赞助，公司就能得到广告。
advertising:广告
It’s very popular, for example, for local sports teams – baseball teams, football teams, soccer teams – for young people to have local businesses pay for their “uniforms,” the clothing they wear while they are playing.
比如，本地运动队-棒球，足球，或橄榄球队的年轻队员找当地商家赞助他们的服装现在就很流行。“uniforms,”是指他们比赛穿的制服。
uniforms:制服
So, the organization benefits – gets something from the money to help them pay for the organization – the project, and the company gets some advertising.
那么，机构盈利了-有钱来福利机构的开销-项目和公司也得到了宣传。
benefits:福利
So, the organization benefits – gets something from the money to help them pay for the organization – the project, and the company gets some advertising.
那么，公司盈利了-有钱来支付公司的开销-项目和公司也得到了宣传。
company:公司
So, the organization benefits – gets something from the money to help them pay for the organization – the project, and the company gets some advertising.
那么，机构盈利了-有钱来支付机构的开销-项目和公司也得到了广告。
advertising:广告
We have benefactors who donate money to ESL Podcast, that’s an example of helping an organization.
也有赞助商捐赠我们提供资金，这就是一个例子。
donate:捐赠
A company’s “public image” is the way other people look at that company – other people’s opinion of that company. Megumi says, “It’s a win-win situation for everyone.”
Megumi说，“It’s a win -win situation for everyone.”短语“win -win”意思是人和公司共赢的局面，每个人都能从这次交易中得到好处。
company:公司
A company’s “public image” is the way other people look at that company – other people’s opinion of that company. Megumi says, “It’s a win-win situation for everyone.”
Megumi说，“It’s a win -win situation for everyone.”短语“win -win”意思是人和公司共赢的局面，每个人都能从这次交易中得到好处。
company:公司
A company’s “public image” is the way other people look at that company – other people’s opinion of that company. Megumi says, “It’s a win-win situation for everyone.”
Megumi说，“It’s a win -win situation for everyone.”短语“win -win”意思是人和公司共赢的局面，每个人都能从这次交易中得到好处。
company:公司
So, if you are watching a movie and one of the people in the movie is drinking a Coca-Cola, well, Coca-Cola probably paid the movie company to use their particular soda.
那么，可口可乐公司很可能支付的电影公司钱才能用他们的饮料。
paid:支付的
Seeing advertisements as you drive down the street is an example of “signage,” but anything that is a sign that has information on it that you are supposed to look at and follow can be called “signage.”
沿着街道开车看到的广告就是“signage”的例子，但是任何上面有例如的，可以被看到的标志都可以叫做“signage.”
example:例如
A world population growing in number and wealth will require one billion tons more grain each year, and two hundred million tons more meat.
随着世界人口数量和财富都在不断增长，每年将需要新增10 亿吨肉类和2 亿吨肉的供应。
meat:肉类
The Food and Agriculture Organization says those gains will have to happen largely on existing land through "sustainable intensification."
粮农组织表示，要实现这些方面的强化，在很大程度上依赖于在现有的土地上实现“可持续集约化”发展策略。
intensification:强化
The greatest threats are losses of soil quality, biodiversity and water resources.
而最大的威胁是土壤质量，生物生物多样性和水资源等方面的损失。
biodiversity:生物多样性
In too many places, it says, practices that have increased production have also harmed the land and water.
报告一些地方，很多地区在采取措施增加粮食产量的同时，也给土地和水资源带来了损害。
places:一些地方
The study appeared in the International Journal of Agricultural Sustainability.
这份报告出现发表在《国际农业可持续发展杂志》上。
appeared:出现
OLUYEDE AJAYI: "Basically these are trees that can fix nitrogen from the atmosphere and convert them into nitrates for fertilizer, for organic fertilizer, for the soil."
OLUYEDE AJAYI ：“从根本上说，有机树是一种可以把大气中的氮转换为有益于土壤的硝酸盐有机有机的树。”
organic:有机
In Zambia, the fertilized fields provided up to one hundred fourteen additional days of food.
在赞比亚，这种被肥料树施肥过的土地所高的粮食可供全国人口食用114天。
up:高
Researchers at the institute note that babies are strongly influenced by their environment.
该研究所的研究人员提到，环境对婴儿的受影响很大。
influenced:受影响
They say newborn babies can recognize and understand sounds they heard while they were still developing inside their mothers.
他们指出，当新生儿们还在母体内发育的时候，他们就能够识别和理解他们所听到的声音了。
newborn:新生儿
They say newborn babies can recognize and understand sounds they heard while they were still developing inside their mothers.
他们指出，当婴儿们还在母体内发育的同时，他们就能够识别和理解他们所听到的声音了。
while:同时
These problems were more common among males, those with injured nerve tissue in the brain and those who had been given oxygen supplies for days as a baby.
这些问题在男孩子当中更加普遍，尤其是那些在婴儿时期遭受了神经组织损伤，或者身体虚弱到需要通过供氧来维持天的男孩子们。
days:天
This is the time when the brain is developing. Language and communication skills are believed to develop best in an environment that is rich with sounds and sights.
如果在这一时期内，孩子们生活在一个声音和景象都很丰富的环境里，那他们的语言和语言能力就会发育得最好。
Language:语言
But the American Academy of Pediatrics says there is little evidence that such videos have any beneficial effect on babies.
但是，美国婴儿会表示，并没有证据显示这些视频对婴儿有任何的有益效果。
babies:婴儿
Instead it suggests that parents limit the time babies spend watching video screens, including televisions and computers.
因此，该机构建议父母应该限制婴儿们看视频的时间，无论是电视还是电脑上的视频。
babies:婴儿
The group says it now recognizes that banning all screen time is probably unrealistic in an age where video technology is everywhere. What is more helpful for the development of young children, it says, is communication and activities with people.
美国儿科学会表示，在现在这样一个视频它如此发达和普遍的时代里，要完全禁止婴儿不收看视频是不现实的，而对小孩子成长更有帮助的方法就是多让他们与别人交流和玩耍。
it:它
The group says it now recognizes that banning all screen time is probably unrealistic in an age where video technology is everywhere. What is more helpful for the development of young children, it says, is communication and activities with people.
美国儿科学会表示，在现在这样一个视频它如此发达和普遍的时代里，要完全禁止婴儿不收看视频是不现实的，而对小孩子成长更有帮助的方法就是多让他们与别人交流和玩耍。
it:它
It found that children who received higher quality care before starting school had better language skills by those ages than children who had lower quality care.
研究员发现，那些在开始上学之前就受到了更好的家庭教育的孩子们比其他同龄的孩子们具备更佳的言语技能。
better:更好
Child care included any care provided by people other than the child's mother that lasted at least ten hours a week. This included any care given by fathers or other family members.
儿童保育包括除了妈妈以外任何人提供儿童提供的每周大约花去十个小时的照顾，这些照顾可以是来自于孩子们的爸爸，或者来自其他家庭成员。
provided:提供
It also found that the children's ability was not dependent on the amount of time they had spent in child care.
研究员还发现，孩子们能力的发展并不依赖于他们所受到的儿童保育的时间多少，主要还是能力。
ability:能力
The idea of small urban plots, where people can earn supplemental income close to their homes, is now a part of refugee resettlement programs all over the country.
让难民到一些郊外的小地区去劳作，使得他们可以在离家人不远的地方挣钱养家，是遍及全国的难民安置项目的以上。
over:以上
"He said that he never thought that he'll get an opportunity to work in the farm," says the translator who is interpreting for Tiwari.
Tiwari的翻译说：“他说，他从来没有想到自己居然会有机会在农场里农场。
farm:农场
"He said that he never thought that he'll get an opportunity to work in the farm," says the translator who is interpreting for Tiwari.
Tiwari的翻译说：“他说，他从来没有想到自己居然会有说在农场里工作。
says:说
"For example, these farmers are really into planting beans spaced out farther than I like," farm manager David Beller says.
农场经理David Beller说：“比如说，这些农民们在种植豆类的时候喜欢空置作物之间的距离隔得很远，我很不理解。
spaced:空置
"And they're convinced that it's the best way to grow beans, and they're easier to pick and better quality.
但是他们确信这是种植豆类作物最更好的方法，因为这样采摘起来比较方便，而且生长的质量也比较更好。
better:更好
The Portland plots now produce enough vegetables to sell to local farmers' markets, a few restaurants and members of their Community-Supported Agriculture program.
波特兰郊区现在的水果产量很充足，所以他们可以将其出售给当地的农贸市场，一些餐馆，以及支持这个农业项目的一些地区。
sell:出售
"So we find it's a way to bridge isolation as much as provide a modest income."
所以这是一个既可以促使他们不与外界孤立，又能给他们提供一份不错的收入的好办法。”
isolation:孤立
"So we find it's a way to bridge isolation as much as provide a modest income."
所以这是一个既可以促使他们不与外界隔离，又能提供他们提供一份不错的收入的好办法。”
provide:提供
Using the new app requires selecting a series of characteristics, which can range from whether the user favours organic products to buying only from firms with a good human-rights record.
使用这个新软件需要对一系列特性进行选择，这些特性涵盖了从用户是否喜欢有机产品到只从人权记录产品的公司购买产品等方面。
products:产品
The app identifies it and checks in a database to score how it shapes up.
软件识别条形码并在数据库中进行检索，从而为产品分数。
score:分数
Much therefore depends on the quality of the data, which GoodGuide gathers from various sources, including government reports and scientific studies, and research by its own staff.
因此，评分结果在很大程度上取决于数据的质量，这些数据是指南网从各处数据而来的，来源包括政府报告、科学研究及其员工所作的调查。
data:数据
Much therefore depends on the quality of the data, which GoodGuide gathers from various sources, including government reports and scientific studies, and research by its own staff.
因此，评分结果在很大程度上取决于数据的质量，这些数据是指南网从各处搜集而来的，来源包括政府报告、科学研究及其员工所作的研究。
research:研究
So far, GoodGuide has mostly been used by shoppers who are already keen to know about any issues connected with products they buy.
到目前为止，使用指南网的大都是这样的购物者：他们已热衷于了解任何关于其购买的产品的问题。
products:产品
So far, GoodGuide has mostly been used by shoppers who are already keen to know about any issues connected with products they buy.
到目前为止，使用指南网的大都是这样的购物者：他们已热衷于了解任何关于其买的商品的问题。
buy:买
So he has drawn on insights from behavioural economics, which show shoppers can be greatly influenced by peer pressure and by information passed on to them by people they know.
于是他利用了行为经济学的观点来开发这个软件。这些观点表明，同辈压力及购物者认识的人传递给他们的信息都能对购物者产生很大的受影响。
influenced:受影响
The virtue rating will inform a consumer how well they are doing according to the values which they espouse.
购物美德度评级会根据购物者所赞成的购物观来告知他们其购物表现如何。
rating:评级
Soon, the rating will be able to be shared with others on social-media sites such as Facebook, which could inspire (or pressurise) a shopper to consume more thoughtfully.
很快，人们就能够在如脸谱网（Facebook）等社交媒介中与别人分享这种评级，这将鼓励购物者（或施压）更加理性地消费。
rating:评级
That amount was set in 1993, when the average new passenger car on American roads got 28.4 miles per gallon (mpg), and the best-selling American car got 18mpg in the city and 27 on highways.
这一金额是在1993年定下的，那时新的乘用车每加仑油可以在美国公路上平均行驶28.4英里，最畅销的国产车在城里可以行驶18英里，在高速公路上可以行驶27英里。
highways:公路
While better fuel-efficiency is good news for Americans’ wallets and less driving good for the country’s air, for its highways and mass-transit systems, it is something of a disaster.
虽然，更高的燃油效率能节省美国人的经济支出，少驾车也好的改善美国的空气质量，但这对美国的高速公路和公共交通系统却可以说是一种灾难。
good:好的
While better fuel-efficiency is good news for Americans’ wallets and less driving good for the country’s air, for its highways and mass-transit systems, it is something of a disaster.
虽然，更高的燃油效率能节省美国人的经济支出，少驾车也好的改善美国的空气质量，但这对美国的高速公路和公共交通系统却可以说是一种灾难。
good:好的
That is because federal funds, mostly derived from fuel-tax revenue, account for 22% of all highway funding and 17% of mass-transit funding nationally (with the rest coming from state and local governments).
这是因为，大休息来源于燃油税收入的联邦基金支付22%的公路经费，和17%的全国公共运输经费（余下休息由州和当地政府支付）。
rest:休息
The HTF still spends most of its funds on highway and bridge maintenance and construction, but in 1982 Congress created a Mass Transit account within the HTF.
虽然公路信托基金现在大部份经费仍然花在高速公路和桥梁的养护和桥上，但是在1982年国会在其中新增了一项公共运输开支。
bridge:桥
But as that trend has slowed, the HTF has suffered: monies paid into the HTF fell by around one-seventh from 2007 to 2010.
但是随着上述趋势减弱，公路信托基金受到损害：从2007年到2010年，公路信托基金收到的资金慢下来了七分之一。
slowed:慢下来
From 2005 to 2009 every state received more from the fund than they paid in.
各州在2005年至2009年间从该基金收到的的比支付的多。
received:收到的
Earlier this year the Congressional Budget Office forecast that the HTF will be unable to fund highway maintenance by 2013.
今年早些时候国会预算局预计公路信托预算到2013年时将不能再资助高速公路维修与养护。
Budget:预算
Visit our website, and while you’re there download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of this episode.
欢迎访问我们的网站，您可以在那里下载本期节目学习指导，包含所有的词汇，解释，例句，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。
contains:包含
Visit our website, and while you’re there download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of this episode.
欢迎访问我们的网站，您可以在那里下载本期节目学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
Visit our website, and while you’re there download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, cultural notes, comprehension checks, and a complete transcript of this episode.
欢迎访问我们的网站，您可以在那里下载本期节目学习指导，包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，文化备注，阅读答疑，以及本期节目完整文本。
sample:样品
To be “empty-handed” means not to have anything, to come with no gift, with nothing. Melanie says, “We need to bring a bottle of wine.”
Melanie说，“We need to bring a bottle of wine.”“Wine,”这是一种由葡萄汁经过特殊工序发酵的酒饮料。
wine:酒
For some additional definitions of this word “label,” take a look at our Learning Guide.
“label”还有一些其他定义，可以参考学习指导。
definitions:定义
Melanie says that the label says that this wine is “fruity and not too tart.” There are different ways that people sometimes describe the taste of wine; one way is to say that it is “fruity” (fruity).
Melanie说标签写的是“fruity and not too tart.”标签葡萄酒的味道又很多不同的词；其中一种就是“fruity”。
label:标签
The expression “that’s very funny,” said in that intonation – said in that tone – is meant to give you the idea that it’s not funny – “I don’t think that’s funny.”
”这个话说的很奇怪；有人拿你有趣的，你却说，“Oh, that’s very funny,”意思是一点也不搞笑。
funny:有趣的
The expression “that’s very funny,” said in that intonation – said in that tone – is meant to give you the idea that it’s not funny – “I don’t think that’s funny.”
”这个音调说的很奇怪；有人拿你开玩笑，你却说，“Oh, that’s very funny,”意思是一点也不搞笑。
tone:音调
The expression “that’s very funny,” said in that intonation – said in that tone – is meant to give you the idea that it’s not funny – “I don’t think that’s funny.”
”这个话说的很奇怪；有人拿你有趣的，你却说，“Oh, that’s very funny,”意思是一点也不搞笑。
funny:有趣的
The expression “that’s very funny,” said in that intonation – said in that tone – is meant to give you the idea that it’s not funny – “I don’t think that’s funny.”
”这个话说的很奇怪；有人拿你有趣的，你却说，“Oh, that’s very funny,”意思是一点也不搞笑。
funny:有趣的
Once again, Antonio is sort of joking, but he says, “I know I’d rather have beer than wine any day.” He’s saying, “I would rather have beer,” which is made from a grain; it is a popular alcoholic drink. He would rather have a beer than a wine any day, meaning “I would always prefer a beer over a wine.”
再说一次，Antonio是在开玩笑，但是他说，“I know I’d rather have beer than wine any day.”他是说，“I would rather have beer,”啤酒是用谷物制作的；啤酒是常见的酒饮料。
wine:酒
Once again, Antonio is sort of joking, but he says, “I know I’d rather have beer than wine any day.” He’s saying, “I would rather have beer,” which is made from a grain; it is a popular alcoholic drink. He would rather have a beer than a wine any day, meaning “I would always prefer a beer over a wine.”
再说一次，Antonio是在开玩笑，但是他说，“I know I’d rather have beer than wine any day.”他是说，“I would rather have beer,”啤酒是用谷物制作的；啤酒是常见的酒饮料。
wine:酒
Once again, Antonio is sort of joking, but he says, “I know I’d rather have beer than wine any day.” He’s saying, “I would rather have beer,” which is made from a grain; it is a popular alcoholic drink. He would rather have a beer than a wine any day, meaning “I would always prefer a beer over a wine.”
再说一次，Antonio是在开玩笑，但是他说，“I know I’d rather have beer than wine any day.”他是说，“I would rather have beer,”啤酒是用谷物制作的；啤酒是常见的酒饮料。
wine:酒
It’s not a special occasion,” or special event – special happening, like a wedding or a holiday or a birthday; it’s just a normal dinner party.
It’s not a special occasion,”比如婚礼，节日，生日这样的重大发生；今天只是普通的晚餐。
happening:发生
It will help you learn English even faster by giving you all of the vocabulary words, definitions, new samples sentences using the expressions we talk about on this episode, comprehension questions, cultural notes, additional vocabulary definitions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
它可以帮助你更快的提高英语。里面有所有的词汇，定义，新的例句，阅读答疑，文化备注，附加定义，以及文本。
definitions:定义
It will help you learn English even faster by giving you all of the vocabulary words, definitions, new samples sentences using the expressions we talk about on this episode, comprehension questions, cultural notes, additional vocabulary definitions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
它可以帮助你更快的提高英语。里面有所有的词汇，解释，新的样品，阅读答疑，文化备注，附加解释，以及文本。
samples:样品
It will help you learn English even faster by giving you all of the vocabulary words, definitions, new samples sentences using the expressions we talk about on this episode, comprehension questions, cultural notes, additional vocabulary definitions, and a complete transcript of this episode.
它可以帮助你更快的提高英语。里面有所有的词汇，定义，新的例句，阅读答疑，文化备注，附加定义，以及文本。
definitions:定义
I’ll make little kissing noises in the background and it’ll move her to tears.
我会在背景音乐中加入一些接吻的噪音，会把她感动的泪流满面的。
noises:噪音
Stop making so much noise.” Well, she said that to my brothers and sisters because I never caused any problems when I was a child!
Stop 引起的 so much noise.”当然了，妈妈是在对我的弟弟妹妹说而不是我，因为我小时候从不会惹麻烦。
caused:引起的
The typical example would be a man standing below the window where a woman was in her house - or a girl - and the woman comes to the window, and the man is down below, and he sings this song and she falls in love, and...well, you know the rest of the story!
典型的例子就是一个男人站在一个女孩窗户下面，这个女孩走到窗边，听男人为她唱歌，然后爱上了他…呵呵，接下来的故事你应该知道了。
girl:女孩
The “melody” (melody) consists of the main notes in the song; we would say the “tune” (tune).
Brittany对Isaac说，“Let’s hear the melody.”“melody”包括了歌曲中主要的音符；我们也包括“tune”。
consists:包括
The “melody” is the collection of notes that make up the song.
“melody”是歌曲歌曲的音符的集合。
song:歌曲
The melody is separate from the lyrics; the lyrics are the words, the melody is the music.
曲调是和歌词分开的；歌词是字，曲调是旋律。
melody:旋律
The melody is separate from the lyrics; the lyrics are the words, the melody is the music.
曲调是和歌词分开的；歌词是字，曲调是旋律。
melody:旋律
But when we use it in talking about music, it means to play a musical instrument - piano, a guitar - while someone else is singing.
当同时我们用这个词说音乐同时，意思是在别人唱歌同时演奏乐器-钢琴，吉他。
while:同时
In fact artists (broadly defined to take in all the creative industries) are well integrated into the workforce, and more than half work in the private sector.
通过年度美国社区调查和季度就业和接受普查的结果，国家艺术基金会的最新报告给我们提供了这些数据。
take:接受
All this comes from a new report by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA), using data from the annual American Community Survey and the quarterly census of employment and wages.
但数据表明，密西根州工业设计师数量极多（可能因为其一度繁荣的汽车工业），而大量平面设计师数据在佛蒙特州。
data:数据
But it turns out that Michigan has an especially high number of industrial designers (presumably because of its once-shiny car industry), and Vermont is rich in graphic designers.
在皮斯堡，博物馆职工数量多到不合比例的高。尽管没有多少艺术家出自密西西比州（以蓝草音乐闻名），但当地却住着大量的音乐家。
high:高
Though home to few artists, Mississippi (famous for bluegrass) has quite a number of musicians, though not as many as Tennessee—which also does a thriving line in musical-instrument-making.
所有类别的艺术家中，来钱最多的建筑师（这一行业外国移民占16%，是所有艺术门类中外国移民比例最高的），音乐导演和音乐制作人紧随其后。
musical:音乐
Though home to few artists, Mississippi (famous for bluegrass) has quite a number of musicians, though not as many as Tennessee—which also does a thriving line in musical-instrument-making.
所有类别的艺术家中，来钱最多的建筑师（这一行业外国移民占16%，是所有艺术门类中外国移民比例最高的），电影导演和电影制造人紧随其后。
making:制造
Britain has been fretting this week over lapses in its border controls (see article).
本周，英国一直对其边境控制上的失效忧虑不安。
lapses:失效
But governments now weighing up whether or not to try to slam the door should consider another factor: the growing economic importance of diasporas, and the contribution they can make to a country’s economic growth.
但是目前在权衡是否要关闭大门的政府应该计量另外一个因素：大批移民越来越大的经济重要性以及他们可以对一个国家经济增长所做的贡献。
weighing:计量
They speed the flow of information: a Chinese trader in Indonesia who spots a gap in the market for cheap umbrellas will alert his cousin in Shenzhen who knows someone who runs an umbrella factory.
它们加速了信息的流动：一位印尼的中国交易员发现了市场对廉价雨伞的需求，就会告诉在深圳的表弟留意，而这位表兄又认识开雨伞厂的人。
trader:交易员
And modern communications make these networks an even more powerful tool of business.
现代的交流使这些网络成为了商业通讯更加强大的工具。
communications:通讯
Fury against foreigners is usually based on two (mutually incompatible) notions: that because so many migrants claim welfare they are a drain on the public purse; and that because they are prepared to work harder for less pay they will depress the wages of those at the bottom of the pile.
对外国人的毛里通常基于两种（相互不一致的）观点：由于许多移民要获取福利，他们就会消耗公共资金；由于他们准备更加努力地工作，要求的工资却更低，他们将降低底层民众的工资。
Fury:毛里
Government as well as business gains from the spread of ideas through diasporas.
政府和商务都能从通过大批移民传播的创意中受益。
business:商务
Some 500,000 Chinese people have studied abroad and returned, mostly in the past decade; they dominate the think-tanks that advise the government, and are moving up the ranks of the Communist Party.
大约有50万中国人在国外学习并回国，这基本上发生在过去十年间；他们在给政府建言献策的智库中占据了主导地位，并在返回共产党高层爬。
returned:返回
That is good both for those who arrive with suitcases and dreams and for those who should welcome them.
这对那些携带箱子和怀揣梦想的人好的，对那些应该欢迎他们的人也好的。
good:好的
A trend, “trend,” is something that changes in one direction over time, so it is something that goes up or goes down.
”“trend,”是指某事物在一段时间内朝着某个趋势改变，上升或者下降。
trend:趋势
A trend, “trend,” is something that changes in one direction over time, so it is something that goes up or goes down.
”“trend,”是指某事物在一段时间内朝着某个趋势改变，上升或者下降。
trend:趋势
It's a term to talk about everyone in a particular country or a particular culture or particular society.
是指某个国家或者文化或者文化中的人。
culture:文化
The major trend here is about, or “concern is about how'going green' will affect company outlook.” The expression to “go green,” like the color green, means to begin doing things that are good for the natural environment - to try not to do things that will harm the air and the water and the soil or the ground.
这里的主要趋势就是“concern is about how' going green' will affect company outlook.”短语“go green,”就像是绿色，意思是开始做好的环境的事情-尽量不要做污染空气和水，土壤的事情。
good:好的
A chart, “chart,” is usually a square or rectangular box that presents information for people so they can understand it more easily.
“chart,”一般是一个四角形或者长方形的盒子，上面有信息，人们就能轻松的看懂。
square:四角形
It's going to be a dialogue between two people talking about the personality of their children, as well as themselves.
我们将听到两个人对话他们自己和他们孩子的个性的对话。
dialogue:对话
“To look up to someone” means to admire someone; to respect someone; to think that someone is very good.
“To look up to someone”意思是赞赏某个人；认为这个人很不错。
admire:赞赏
We would be having a heart to heart discussion.
我们将进行一次坦诚讨论。
discussion:讨论
Her emotions are not protected. If we had an honest discussion, both of us would know that the other person's heart is in the right place.
如果我们坦诚讨论，我们就会知道对方的心肠是好的（heart is in the right place）。
discussion:讨论
He wanted to see if putting patients into a sleep-like condition would help ease troubled minds.
他想知道，如果把精神病患者带入梦境条件，是否能够帮助他们减轻困扰。
condition:条件
He said this part of the mind contains wishes, desires and experiences too frightening to recognize.
他指出，这一部分的记忆包含人们的愿望，向往，以及那些因为害怕而不敢面对的经历。
contains:包含
He said this part of the mind contains wishes, desires and experiences too frightening to recognize.
他指出，这一部分的记忆包括人们的希望，向往，以及那些因为害怕而不敢面对的经历。
wishes:希望
The ego provides the immediate reaction to the events of reality.
自我会提供现实中发生的事件提供即时反应。
provides:提供
But no one disputes his great influence on the science of mental health.
但无论如何，他对心理健康科学科学的巨大影响是无口厚非的。
science:科学
Psychiatry is the area of medicine that treats mental and emotional conditions.
精神病学是一个治疗心理和情绪问题的精神科领域。
Psychiatry:精神科
His version of psychoanalysis remained the one most widely used until at least the nineteen fifties.
至少在二十世纪五十年代以前，他的精神分析方法一直留下的广泛使用。
remained:留下的
Health insurance plans rarely pay for this form of therapy.
因为健康保险计划很少会给这种形式的治疗提供健康。
Health:健康
Psychoanalysts say this is because each individual case is different.
精神分析学家表示，难以测定的个人在于每个患者的自身情况都不同。
individual:个人
Others want to unlearn behaviors that only add to their problems.
而另外一些患者则想要不学那些会加重他们病情的行为。
unlearn:不学
FAITH LAPIDUS: Other kinds of therapy involve movement, dance, art, music or play.
FAITH LAPIDUS:其他一些治疗方法涉及到运动、舞蹈、舞蹈，音乐或游戏。
dance:舞蹈
His four sisters remained in Vienna and were all killed in Nazi concentration camps.
他的四个妹妹留下的留在维也纳，最终都在纳粹集中营里留下的杀害了。
remained:留下的
And follow us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and iTunes.
也可以到脸谱网、微博、YouTube和iTunes网站跟进关注我们节目。
follow:跟进
So, she and her colleagues were able to sift through data on 107,000 draft-age young men, correlating their years of education with their IQ scores obtained by the military.
所以,她和她的同事们能够在107000名年轻人的资料中筛选数据,找到由男士获得的他们受教育年限和获得的IQ分数。
men:男士
So, she and her colleagues were able to sift through data on 107,000 draft-age young men, correlating their years of education with their IQ scores obtained by the military.
所以,她和她的同事们能够在107000名年轻人的资料中筛选数据,找到由部队获得的的他们受教育年限和获得的的IQ分数。
obtained:获得的
So, she and her colleagues were able to sift through data on 107,000 draft-age young men, correlating their years of education with their IQ scores obtained by the military.
所以,她和她的同事们能够在107000名年轻人的资料中筛选数据,找到由军事获得的他们受教育年限和获得的IQ分数。
military:军事
"The young men who were forced to stay in school for two years longer actually did have higher IQs," Galloway says.
“年轻人男士待在学校继续呆两年，这的确让他们获得了更高的智商,”加洛维说道。
men:男士
She suggests getting two extra years of academic practice during the middle teenage years may also help boost IQ scores.
她建议在十几岁的时候进行额外两年的学术实践也提升推动智商的提高。
boost:提升
This fall, students in Rwanda will begin classes at Carnegie Mellon University's Kigali campus when the U.S. research university opens its new graduate program in the East African country.
这个秋天,当美国研究大学在这个非洲东部打开开设新的毕业课程后，在卢旺达的学生将开始在卡内基梅隆大学的基加利校区上课。
opens:打开
This fall, students in Rwanda will begin classes at Carnegie Mellon University's Kigali campus when the U.S. research university opens its new graduate program in the East African country.
这个秋天,当美国研究大学在这个非洲东部国家开设新的毕业课程后，在卢旺达的毕业将开始在卡内基梅隆大学的基加利校区上课。
graduate:毕业
Bruce Krogh, Director of Carnegie Mellon in Rwanda, said the Master of Science in Information Technology graduate program is a perfect fit for the Rwandan government's 2020 vision to become an information economy – and he added Africa as a whole is ripe with opportunity in the mobile communications arena for cloud computing, broadband and more.
布鲁斯·克拉夫是卢旺达卡内基·梅隆大学的校长,他表示信息技术毕业课程的理学硕士对于卢旺达政府预计到2020年发展成为信息经济来说是完美组合——他还补充道这是在移动通信科學的云计算、宽带及更多方面对于非洲来说是绝佳的机会。
Science:科學
Bruce Krogh, Director of Carnegie Mellon in Rwanda, said the Master of Science in Information Technology graduate program is a perfect fit for the Rwandan government's 2020 vision to become an information economy – and he added Africa as a whole is ripe with opportunity in the mobile communications arena for cloud computing, broadband and more.
布鲁斯·克拉夫是卢旺达卡内基·梅隆大学的校长,他表示信息技术毕业课程的理学硕士对于卢旺达政府预计到2020年发展成为信息经济来说是完美组合——他还补充道这是在移动通信通讯的云计算、宽带及更多方面对于非洲来说是绝佳的机会。
communications:通讯
A move to a smaller army is part of the shift away from the kind of manpower-intensive counter-insurgency and nation-building campaigns that define the long wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
在伊拉克和阿富汗旷日持久的反叛乱和国家建筑部署是以投入大量人力为特征的，而现在要改变做法，削减军队就是该计划的一部分。
building:建筑
Mr Moore was the only one to be released alive, and this latest announcement puts an end to speculation about the fate of Mr McMenemy.
Moore是唯一被活着释放的，该宣布使人们不再对McMenemy的命运继续猜测了。
announcement:宣布
The call by the prosecution should be no surprise, and yet many Egyptians will be shocked to hear this demand put so bluntly for the first time in the five-month trial. Whether Hosni Mubarak will be either executed or indeed convicted is another question entirely.
检方的需求在意料之内，但5个月的审判首次提出这么直截了当的需求，令许多埃及人感到震惊，侯赛因·穆巴拉克是被处决还是被定罪已完全是另一个问题了。
demand:需求
When she was ill after photographing malnourished children in South Africa, a doctor said she was suffering from heart break.
她在营养不良南非营养不良儿童拍照后身患疾病，医生说她得了心脏病。
malnourished:营养不良
The president of the Swiss National Bank has denied any wrongdoing after allegations were made that he was involved in insider trading.
瑞士瑞士人银行行长被指控涉嫌内部交易，他否认全部罪行。
Swiss:瑞士人
Altogether, the possible members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) produce 40% of world GDP—far more than the European Union.
这一环太平洋联盟（TPP）拟议中的成员国总计将生产世界GDP的40%,远超欧盟所占的比例。
Union:联盟
But with the Doha round of global trade talks showing no flicker of life, there is little danger that the TPP will derail a broader agreement; and by cutting barriers, strengthening intellectual-property protections and going beyond a web of existing trade deals, it should boost world trade.
但由于全球贸易谈判多哈回合（Doha round）并未重启，TPP的生命不大可能影响一个更为广泛的协议；而且由于剔除了壁垒、加强了对知识产权的保护并超越了现存的贸易交易网，TPP应该能够促进世界贸易。
life:生命
Mr Noda’s move could also transform the prospects of the TPP, most obviously by uniting two of the world’s leading three economies but also by galvanising others.
野田此举也可能会变换TPP的前景，最明显的是位居世界前三位的两大经济体的联合；但此举同时也激励了其他国家。
transform:变换
Having beamed next to Mr Obama in a summit photo, he then protested that the White House had overstated his intention to put all goods and services up for negotiation.
在峰会拍照时他站在奥巴马身边闪光，但他接着就对白宫提出抗议，说它夸大了他把所有货物与服务行业都放入可以谈判之列的意愿。
beamed:闪光
A revitalised Japan would add to the dynamism of a more liberalised Asia-Pacific region. That is surely something worth fighting for.
一个恢复了生命力的日本将为更为自由化的亚太地区增加活力，这当然是值得为之战斗的事业。
fighting:战斗
It might unlock the mental prisons of people apparently in comas, who nevertheless show some signs of neural activity.
它可以解锁似乎处在昏迷状态、而依然有神经活动迹象的人们的精神监狱。
unlock:解锁
The occasional untruth makes domestic life possible (“Of course your bum doesn’t look big in that”), is essential in the office (“Don’t worry, everybody’s behind you on this one”), and forms a crucial part of parenting (“It didn’t matter that you forgot your words and your costume fell off. You were wonderful”).
偶尔的谎言使家庭生活成为可能（“当然，你的屁股看上去没那么大”），在办公室至关重要（“别着急，这件事上每个人都支持你”），是培养孩子过程中的关键部分（“忘了自己表格、衣服掉了没关系”）。
forms:表格
The truly scary prospect, however, is the effect mind-reading would have on relations between the state and the individual.
尽管如此，真正让人恐怖的景象则是读心对国家和有产生的影响。
have:有
Welcome to English as a Second Language Podcast number 270: Airport Announcements.
欢迎收听ESL Podcast第270期节目：机场 Podcast。
Podcast:Podcast
I looked at the flight information monitors, turned around, and walked in the opposite direction.
我看着航班信息显示，转过身，朝着相反的方向行走。
walked:行走
In an airport, there are “monitors,” or screens, that have information about where the airplanes are taking off from - where they're departing from - what gate and what time.
在机场，就有显示屏，上面有航班出发在那儿-哪道门，什么时间。
there:在那儿
Well, this person in our story decided to look at the flight information monitor to check, and then turned around and walked in the opposite direction.
故事中这个人想要看看航班信息屏幕查一下，之后就转过身，朝着相反方向行走了。
walked:行走
The verb “to approach” (approach) means to move nearer to something; to come closer to something.
动词“to approach”意思是靠更接近事物靠近。
closer:更接近
The flight crew includes the people who are also, what we would call, “flight attendants.”
机组成员包括“flight attendants.”这些就是那些为你提供苏打水，服务员你找到座位的人。
attendants:服务员
When someone emails me and tells me that they told their friends about ESL Podcast, that is music to my ears.
如果朋友给我写邮件告诉我他们把我们的播客告诉他们朋友了，那对我就是个好消息。
friends:朋友
Visit our website to download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional vocabulary not talked about in the podcast, as well as a cultural note, and a complete transcript of this episode.
欢迎访问我们的网站下载本期节目学习指导，包含所有的词汇，解释，例句，播客中没有提到的附加解释，以及文化备注，还有本期节目学习指导。
contains:包含
Visit our website to download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional vocabulary not talked about in the podcast, as well as a cultural note, and a complete transcript of this episode.
欢迎访问我们的网站下载本期节目学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，播客中没有提到的附加定义，以及文化备注，还有本期节目学习指导。
definitions:定义
Visit our website to download a Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional vocabulary not talked about in the podcast, as well as a cultural note, and a complete transcript of this episode.
欢迎访问我们的网站下载本期节目学习指导，包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，播客中没有提到的附加解释，以及文化备注，还有本期节目学习指导。
sample:样品
What we call “soccer” here in the U.S., most countries call “football.” When we say “football,” we mean American football, which is very different.
”在美国叫做“soccer”，其他国家大都叫做“football.”当我们说“football,”是指美国足球，不一样。
soccer:足球
This is not, then, probably a professional soccer game, but one with amateurs; people who are not being paid.
”这可能不是一场专业足球，而是业余赛；运动员不收钱。
soccer:足球
Most team sports – most sports that have teams playing it, such as basketball, soccer, American football, hockey, if you do something wrong, then there is a penalty.
很多运动都是小组比赛，比如篮球，足球，足球，曲棍球，如果你违规，就会有惩罚。
soccer:足球
Well, this isn't as serious as a death penalty; it's just a penalty in the soccer game.
但是这里没有死刑那么严重；只是足球中小小惩罚。
soccer:足球
“Cleats” are shoes that have many small points on the bottom, and these small points go into the ground and help the person wearing them avoid falling down or slipping.
“Cleats”是指下面都小钉子的克萊特斯，钉子可以钉到地里，防止打滑。
Cleats:克萊特斯
So, the cleats, if you kick someone with them, could be very painful because they can be sharp.
因此，如果裂缝钉踢人，是很疼的，因为很尖。
cleats:裂缝
The word “goal” has a couple of different meanings in English; take a look at our Learning Guide for this episode for some additional definitions.
“goal”在英语中有几种不同意思；看看学习指导中的不同定义。
definitions:定义
That, of course, sometimes happens at some soccer games, but not most of them.
当然，有时候会发生在足球，也不是很频繁。
soccer:足球
BARACK OBAMA: "As I made clear in Australia, we'll be strengthening our presence in the Asia Pacific, and budget reductions will not come at the expense of this critical region.
巴拉克·奥巴马：“正如我在澳大利亚明确指出的，我们将加强我们在亚太地区的军事影响力，我们的预算削减不能以牺牲这一关键地区为开支。
expense:开支
We're going to continue investing in our critical partnerships and alliances, including NATO, which has demonstrated time and again -- most recently in Libya -- that it's a force multiplier.
我们将继续投资于我们的重要伙伴和盟友，包括北约在内，我们已经通过无数次的行动兑现了这一承诺，最近在利比亚的多方军力合作就是最明显的时间。
time:时间
BARACK OBAMA: "As we look beyond the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the end of long-term, nation-building with large military footprints, we will be able to ensure our security with smaller conventional ground forces.
”巴拉克·奥巴马：“当我们将眼光转移到伊拉克和阿富汗战争之外，以及长期带有大量军事印记的国家建筑时代宣告结束，我们将能够以更小规模的常规地面部队保卫国家安全。
building:建筑
BARACK OBAMA: "As we look beyond the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the end of long-term, nation-building with large military footprints, we will be able to ensure our security with smaller conventional ground forces.
”巴拉克·奥巴马：“当我们将眼光转移到伊拉克和阿富汗战争之外，以及长期带有大量军事脚印的国家建设时代宣告结束，我们将能够以更小规模的常规地面部队保卫国家安全。
footprints:脚印
We'll continue to get rid of outdated Cold War-era systems so that we can invest in the capabilities we need for the future, including intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; counterterrorism; countering weapons of mass destruction; and the ability to operate in environments where adversaries try to deny us access."
我们将继续摆脱过时的冷战时代的体系，这样我们就能在未来所需的战斗力上投入更多，包括情报、侦查和巡逻、反恐、打击大规模杀伤性武器，以及在敌人力图阻止我们进入的环境中进行作战的能力。”
era:时代
We'll continue to get rid of outdated Cold War-era systems so that we can invest in the capabilities we need for the future, including intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; counterterrorism; countering weapons of mass destruction; and the ability to operate in environments where adversaries try to deny us access."
我们将继续摆脱过时的冷战时期的体系，这样我们就能在未来所需的战斗力上投入更多，包括情报、侦查和巡逻、反恐、打击大规模杀伤性武器，以及在敌人智力阻止我们进入的环境中进行作战的能力。”
intelligence:智力
We'll continue to get rid of outdated Cold War-era systems so that we can invest in the capabilities we need for the future, including intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; counterterrorism; countering weapons of mass destruction; and the ability to operate in environments where adversaries try to deny us access."
我们将继续摆脱过时的冷战时期的体系，这样我们就能在未来所需的战斗力上投入更多，包括侦察、侦查和巡逻、反恐、打击大规模杀伤性武器，以及在敌人力图阻止我们进入的环境中进行作战的能力。”
reconnaissance:侦察
The president ordered a strategic review last year to help guide decision-making by the Defense Department.
奥巴马去年下令实施一项战略审查以帮助指导国防部的决策。
review:审查
LEON PANETTA: "Our strategy review concluded that the United States must have the capability to fight several conflicts at the same time.
利昂·帕内塔：“战略审查得出的结论是，美国必须有能力同时应对数场冲突。
review:审查
And worse, the perception that we are so weak as to be unable to deal with that sort of danger invites it."
更更糟的是，我们如此薄弱以至于无法处理这类威胁的这样一种观感，更会引发这类威胁。
worse:更糟
However, the military may face more than five hundred billion dollars in additional cuts as Congress and the president seek to reduce the federal deficit.
但由于国会和奥巴马总统寻求减少联邦赤字，军方可能会面临超过5000 亿美元的额外削减。
reduce:减少
In the Philippines, a nonprofit group called My Shelter Foundation has used a similar low-cost lighting solution in thousands of homes.
在菲律宾，一个名为“我的庇护所基金会”的非营利性非营利性在几千个家庭中采用了一种类似的低成本照明解决方案。
nonprofit:非营利性
The head of the group, Illac Diaz, says the idea is better than candles and kerosene, and offers a great new use for old plastic soda bottles.
该组织负责人Illac Diaz表示，这个创意比蜡烛和煤油灯更更好，并且为旧塑料瓶提供了一个很更好的新用途。
better:更好
"The American people, I think, rightly understand that there are still a lot of struggles that people are going through out there. A lot of families are still having a tough time.
“我相信美国人清楚明白，我们还要经历很多挣扎，许多家庭还在艰难度日，许多小企业还没渡过难关，但我们要振作起来，我们斗争的方向是正确的，已经取得了真正的进步，现在还不是停下来的时候。
struggles:斗争
While they were mourning a loved one and deciding what to do with the corpse, relatives and friends of a person shot on Thursday were also gunned down.
一名周二被杀者的亲朋好友正在吊唁亲人，想办法如何处理尸体，不料也遭枪杀。
corpse:尸体
While they were mourning a loved one and deciding what to do with the corpse, relatives and friends of a person shot on Thursday were also gunned down.
一名周二被杀者的亲朋好友正在吊唁亲人，想办法如何处理遗体，不料也遭被枪击。
gunned:被枪击
Both attacks bore the hallmarks of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram as killers on motorbikes conducted the drive-by Kalashnikov shootings that had become synonymous with a reign of terror now sweeping the north.
两起袭击事件都带有伊斯兰博科圣地军事组织的标记，因为骑摩托车的杀手手持卡拉什尼科夫枪飞车射击案，意味着恐怖势力已控制了北部地区。
hallmarks:标记
In her inaugural address, Ms Simpson Miller said the time had come for Jamaica to have its own president.
Simpson Miller在就职开场式中表示，牙买加人拥有自己总统的时候到了。
inaugural:开场式
An American teenage runaway who was mistakenly deported to Colombia seven months ago after claiming to be an illegal immigrant is being returned to the United States.
月前，一名美国少年逃犯被指控非法移民，并被错误地驱逐到哥伦比亚，他现在要返回美国了。
returned:返回
I adore Sunday lunch with all the trimmings: roast meat, along with lots of vegetables and sauces and other traditional accompaniments.
我喜欢周日午餐的所有配套食物：烤肉，各种蔬菜以及酱汁还有其它的传统上要吃的肉类。
meat:肉类
The months he spent recovering in the hospital put him in contact with fellow Indians who were not so fortunate - most of them from among the country's poorest people.
他在事发后留医疗养的月，结识了一些比他不幸的印度朋友。
months:月
Even patients who could afford other treatment options come to Jaipur Foot because of its reputation for quality.
由于“斋浦尔足”的名誉和品质，有些人即使有能力接受其它医疗，还是选择来到这里求助。
reputation:名誉
He's unsure whom he'll vote for on Tuesday. "I want to see change.
他不知道周二到底应该投票谁，“我想要看到改变。
vote:投票
As New Hampshire's top rated company to work for, Auto Desk employees develop 3D movies to show what projects will look like when completed - they are the 21st century real-time version of blueprints.
和这个周其他高收入公司相同，欧特克的员工也在开发3D3D，展示将来项目完成时候的模样-这是21世纪的真正的蓝图。
3D:3D
Ariel says, “Hello. I was wondering if you carry classical CD’s.” When you call a store and ask if they carry, “carry,” something, you're asking if they have that item or that product in their store.
Ariel说，“Hello. I was wondering if you carry classical CD’s.”你给一家店打电话，思索他们是否“carry,”某事物，你是在说他们是否有那个产品。
wondering:思索
Ariel says, “Hello. I was wondering if you carry classical CD’s.” When you call a store and ask if they carry, “carry,” something, you're asking if they have that item or that product in their store.
Ariel说，“Hello. I was wondering if you carry classical CD’s.”你给一家店打电话，问他们是否“carry,”有事物，你是在说他们是否有那个产品。
have:有
You're asking if it is something that their store normally sells.
你是说他们是否出售这个产品。
sells:出售
You're asking if it is something that their store normally sells.
你是说他们是否出售这种产品。
sells:出售
To ask how much is something these means how much does it cost - how much money do I have to give you.
”询问有事物多少钱意思是花费多少钱-我要给你多少钱。
have:有
There are several meanings of this word reserve; take a look at the Learning Guide for additional definitions of this word, as well as the word copy, which we mentioned earlier. The clerk says that “When you come in” - when you come into the store - “just go to the customer service desk.”
职员说“When you come in”-你进到这家店里-“just go to the customer service desk.”顾客服务是商家服务的一部分-让人们到这里来购物感到很高兴的部门。
service:服务
If you have to return something or you have a problem with something you brought, you would normally call, or go and visit in a store, the customer service department.
如果你要退货或者买的东西有问题，你就参观打电话或者直接到店里的顾客服务部。
visit:参观
The clerk says, “We’re open weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.” Weekdays, “weekdays,” (one word) are the days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
职员说，“We’re open 星期一 from 9:00 a. m. to 9:00 p. m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.”“星期一,”是从周一到周五的时间。
Monday:星期一
The clerk says, “We’re open weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.” Weekdays, “weekdays,” (one word) are the days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
职员说，“We’re open 星期二 from 9:00 a. m. to 9:00 p. m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.”“星期二,”是从周一到周五的时间。
Tuesday:星期二
The clerk says, “We’re open weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.” Weekdays, “weekdays,” (one word) are the days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
职员说，“We’re open 星期三 from 9:00 a. m. to 9:00 p. m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.”“星期三,”是从周一到周五的时间。
Wednesday:星期三
The clerk says, “We’re open weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.” Weekdays, “weekdays,” (one word) are the days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
职员说，“We’re open 星期四 from 9:00 a. m. to 9:00 p. m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.”“星期四,”是从周一到周五的时间。
Thursday:星期四
The clerk says, “We’re open weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.” Weekdays, “weekdays,” (one word) are the days Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
职员说，“We’re open 星期五 from 9:00 a. m. to 9:00 p. m., and 9:00 to 6:00 on weekends.”“星期五,”是从周一到周五的时间。
Friday:星期五
Unlike in some countries, where the stores close in the middle of the day for lunch, in the US the stores are almost always open continuously; meaning if they open at 10:00 and they close at 5:00, the store will be open that entire time.
和很多中间不一样，一些商家会在中午关门，在美国一般不会；意思是如果他们早上十点开门，下午就会一直持续到五点钟。
middle:中间
Unlike in some countries, where the stores close in the middle of the day for lunch, in the US the stores are almost always open continuously; meaning if they open at 10:00 and they close at 5:00, the store will be open that entire time.
和很多打开不一样，一些商家会在中午关门，在美国一般不会；意思是如果他们早上十点开门，下午就会一直持续到五点钟。
open:打开
Unlike in some countries, where the stores close in the middle of the day for lunch, in the US the stores are almost always open continuously; meaning if they open at 10:00 and they close at 5:00, the store will be open that entire time.
和很多打开不一样，一些商家会在中午关门，在美国一般不会；意思是如果他们早上十点开门，下午就会一直持续到五点钟。
open:打开
Unlike in some countries, where the stores close in the middle of the day for lunch, in the US the stores are almost always open continuously; meaning if they open at 10:00 and they close at 5:00, the store will be open that entire time.
和很多打开不一样，一些商家会在中午关门，在美国一般不会；意思是如果他们早上十点开门，下午就会一直持续到五点钟。
open:打开
Hanna: I’m not that good at those high-stakes games, where people bet hundreds of dollars on a single play!
Hanna ：我不擅长那些高风险的游戏，一次就赌注几百美元！
stakes:赌注
Hanna: I’m not that good at those high-stakes games, where people bet hundreds of dollars on a single play!
Hanna ：我不擅长那些高风险的游戏，一次就赌注几百美元！
bet:赌注
To break even is an expression that means to win, in this case, the same amount of money back that you bet - that you gave.
’Hanna说她“broken even.”To break even是一个短语意思是把投入的赌注赢回来。
bet:赌注
After you break even - what's sometimes called the break even point - then you start to make a profit.
收支平衡之后-或者叫做保本然后-你就开始盈利了。
then:然后
The high, “high,” rollers, “rollers,” are people who spend a lot of money at a casino - people who gamble a lot of money, who bet 100 dollars on a pair of cards - that would be a high roller.
Tad说他“just about to see what the high rollers are doing.”“rollers,”是在赌注场拿出很多钱的人-赌注很多的钱，一副牌赌注100美元。这就叫做狂赌注徒。
bet:赌注
A blackjack table is a place in the casino where they play blackjack.
Blackjack table就是赌场里玩21 地点的地方。
place:地点
We would say it lands, “lands,” on a number, and whichever number the ball landed on, that person, if they bet money on that number, would win money.
我们说“lands,”在一个数字上。不管球落在哪个数字上，如果这个人赌注了这个数字，就赢了。
bet:赌注
To gamble, “gamble,” means to bet or to risk money on a game, or perhaps, on a race of horses you could gamble - lots of things you can gamble on.
“gamble,”意思是将钱赌注在游戏上，赌注马-很多东西都可以赌注。
bet:赌注
When someone says, “I don't have that kind of cash” - “I don't have that kind of money,” they mean they don't have that much - they don't have enough.
如果有人说，“I don' t have that kind of cash”-“I don' t have that kind of money,”他们是说他们没有那么多的钱。
have:有
When someone says, “I don't have that kind of cash” - “I don't have that kind of money,” they mean they don't have that much - they don't have enough.
如果有人说，“I don' t have that kind of cash”-“I don' t have that kind of money,”他们是说他们没有那么多的钱。
have:有
When someone says, “I don't have that kind of cash” - “I don't have that kind of money,” they mean they don't have that much - they don't have enough.
如果有人说，“I don' t have that kind of cash”-“I don' t have that kind of money,”他们是说他们没有那么多的钱。
have:有
When someone says, “I don't have that kind of cash” - “I don't have that kind of money,” they mean they don't have that much - they don't have enough.
如果有人说，“I don' t have that kind of cash”-“I don' t have that kind of money,”他们是说他们没有那么多的钱。
have:有
Interestingly, the word hand is also the word we use for the cards that you get in a game of poker, which is a card game.
有趣的是，hand也可以指扑克卡片中手上的牌。
cards:卡片
Poker is a game that usually involves each person getting five cards.
Poker是一种卡片，每个人五张牌。
cards:卡片
A tournament, “tournament,” is a formal competition - a game - usually many different games to see who is the best player.
“tournament,”是一个正式的锦标赛-通常会举行很多不同的锦标赛，看谁是最佳选手。
tournament:锦标赛
A tournament, “tournament,” is a formal competition - a game - usually many different games to see who is the best player.
“tournament,”是一个正式的锦标赛-通常会举行很多不同的锦标赛，看谁是最佳选手。
tournament:锦标赛
Dice, “dice,” is the plural of the word die, “die,” as a noun, and those are little cubes - little pieces of plastic or wood that have six sides on them, each side has a number, usually a little dot.
“dice,”是die的复数复数。作为名词，是小的方块，有六面，每一面都有一个数字。
plural:复数
His victory was in part a tribute to the dogged persistence and quiet moderation of a man who has led his party for eight years.
取得这一胜利的部分原因，是人们肯定一个八年来领导着自己的党的人，赞颂他顽强的坚持和安静的谦逊。
quiet:安静
The democratic constitution’s creation of 17 autonomous regions tried to reverse Franco’s heavy-handed centralisation, while keeping enough national control to satisfy the right, long nervous about self-government of Basques, Catalans and Galicians.
该国的民主宪法创造了17个自治区，旨在扭转弗朗哥（Franco）同时过于严厉的中央集权；但与此同时，为让右翼人士满意也保留了足够的中央控制，因为他们长期以来对巴斯克、加泰罗尼亚和加利西亚人（Basques, Catalans and Galicians）的自治感到紧张。
while:同时
In fact it has led to waste in public spending and to 17 sets of business regulations, fragmenting the national market and increasing costs.
实际上这却导致了公共开销的浪费以及形成了17套不同的商业规例，从而造成了国家市场的破碎和费用的增加。
regulations:规例
And it has failed to settle Spain’s historic quarrels: Basque and Catalan nationalists have exploited their status as coalition partners of the two main parties to demand ever more powers.
而且这此举也未能解决西班牙的历史性争吵：巴斯克和加泰罗尼亚民族主义者被剥削了他们作为组成联合政府两大主要党派的合作伙伴地位，不断要求更多的权力。
exploited:被剥削
And it has failed to settle Spain’s historic quarrels: Basque and Catalan nationalists have exploited their status as coalition partners of the two main parties to demand ever more powers.
而且这此举也未能解决西班牙的历史性争吵：巴斯克和加泰罗尼亚民族主义者利用了他们作为组成联合政府两大主要党派的合作伙伴地位，不断需求更多的权力。
demand:需求
Mr Rajoy knows that the euro’s survival depends on Germany summoning up the political will: it was no coincidence that he was soon on the phone to Angela Merkel.
拉霍诺知道，欧元的存活取决于德国取决于在政治上痛下决心：当选后不久他就与安吉拉?默克尔通了电话，这完全不是巧合。
depends:取决于
The accounting item in question is the deferred-tax asset (DTA). This is a legacy of the financial crisis.
我们这里要讨论的会计科目是延迟税项资产，这是金融危机的产物。
deferred:延迟
America’s tax code allows losses amassed during the meltdown (with some restrictions) to be used to offset future tax bills.
按照美国税法，经济崩溃未来的累积亏损（还要符合一些限定条件）可用以抵减以后年度的税款。
future:未来
JPMorgan Chase held DTAs of $16 billion at the end of last year, while Bank of America had $27 billion-worth.
上最后，摩根大通的递延税项资产总额为160 亿美元，而美国银行为270 亿美元。
last:最后
The undisputed deferred-tax king, however, is Citigroup with slightly more than $50 billion-worth, the largest discretionary accounting item in the company’s history.
花旗银行的延迟税项资产略高于500 亿美元，毫无疑问，它是延迟税项资产之王，这个酌量性会计项目的数额在该公司历史上是最高的。
deferred:延迟
Mike Mayo, an analyst with CLSA, a broker, has relentlessly questioned Citi’s ability to produce enough taxable income to justify the asset and has suggested that it could be overvalued by $10 billion-a view for which he was, for a time, blackballed and badmouthed by the firm’s top brass.
券商法国里昂证券公司（CLSA）分析师迈克?马约毫不留情地质疑花旗银行是否能够创造足够的应税收益以实现这项巨额资产，他认为花旗银行该项资产的过高估价可能被高估了100 亿美元，他曾因此遭到公司高层的反对和指责。
overvalued:过高估价
A cut to 20% would reduce the benefit to 20 cents.
如果税率减少到20%，一美元抵减额就只能为公司节省20美分。
reduce:减少
Pitch has also written scholarly books on subjects such as the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln and the burning of Washington by British troops in 1814.
安东尼也有学术性的书，比如亚伯拉罕?林肯总统遇刺及1814年英国军队燃烧的华盛顿。
books:书
And we attempt to answer a question involving computers.
此外，我们还要解答一位听众提出的涉及电脑的问题。
involving:涉及
Because of this position, scientists say, Kepler-22b might have water, one of the main things needed for life.
科学家们位置，由于这一特殊的位置，所以“开普勒-22b”行星上很可能拥有生命之源——水。
position:位置
Because of this position, scientists say, Kepler-22b might have water, one of the main things needed for life.
科学家们指出，由于这一特殊的位置，所以“开普勒-22b”行星上很可能拥有生命之源——主要。
main:主要
For life to possibly exist there, the planet's temperature must not be too hot or too cold.
只有当行星上的温度比较适中，它上面才可能生命生命。
life:生命
BARBARA KLEIN: You usually cannot hear sea ice melting in the Arctic Ocean, but change is taking place.
BARBARA KLEIN:一般说来，你不会听北冰洋的海冰在融化，但是这确实是正在发生的事情。
hear:听
The scientists examined sea ice records, tree rings, dirt from the bottom of lakes, and historical writings to estimate how much ice there once was.
科学家们通过检测海冰记录，树的年轮，河床的泥土和历史著述来估计曾经污泥上有多少海冰。
dirt:污泥
Warmer ocean waters cause warmer air above the oceans.
海洋变暖后，海上就会产生热空气。
air:空气
"The bodies of two elderly people have been found. They'll be identified as soon as possible.
“已经找到两位老人的尸体，我们将尽快已确定的他们的身份。
identified:已确定的
Our divers have found themselves with this very sad situation. The bodies are being brought onto the mainland.
现已被送至大陆，两位老人的尸体是在游轮第三层的会议区发现的。
mainland:大陆
He said the situation was improving, but the crisis would continue till July or August.
他说危机已经得到缓解，但这场危机要到七八月份才结束。
crisis:危机
Mr Bowden said that the famine had killed tens of thousands of people since it was declared six months ago and some of the world's highest child malnutrition rates had been recorded in Somalia with half of all children being malnourished.
Bowden宣布，自从6个月前确认饥荒发生后，已有成千万人死亡，索马里儿童营养不良率已创下全世界最高纪录，有一半的儿童营养不良。
declared:宣布
Elders in the city have told the BBC that six children were killed in the bombing which was apparently carried out by Kenyan military jets.
该市的老年人告诉BBC，这次轰炸显然是肯尼亚军用喷气式飞机所为，6名儿童在爆炸中丧生。
bombing:轰炸
There's been a third day of fighting between rival Libyan militia groups despite efforts of the interim government to broker a ceasefire.
尽管过渡政府从中促成停火协议，利比亚敌对的民兵组织之间的战斗仍在继续，现在已是第三天了。
fighting:战斗
International observers have never deemed any election in Kazakhstan as free or fair.
国际观察员从未被认为哈萨克斯坦的任何选举会公平公正。
deemed:被认为
Russia says it believes debris from a spacecraft that failed in its mission to Mars has crashed into the Pacific Ocean. The probe, Phobos-Grunt, is one of the heaviest and most toxic ever to fall back down to earth although the Russian space agency says most of it will have burnt up on re-entry.
俄罗斯称，那艘未能到达火星的探测器的碎片应该已落入太平洋，尽管俄罗斯航天局称探测器的大部分已在回地球的途中燃烧殆尽，但“福布斯－土壤”号探测器却是坠毁地球最重、毒性最大的航天器之一。
crashed:坠毁
It contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional explanations, cultural notes and a complete transcript of this episode.
包含所有的词汇，解释，例句，附加解释，文化备注以及本期节目完整文本。
contains:包含
It contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional explanations, cultural notes and a complete transcript of this episode.
包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化备注以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
It contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional explanations, cultural notes and a complete transcript of this episode.
包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，附加解释，文化备注以及本期节目完整文本。
sample:样品
Masako: I think we should strike. We need to force management to listen to our grievances.
Masako ：我想我们需要罢工，好让领导们感受到我们的抱怨。
grievances:抱怨
A union is a group of workers, who form an organization that helps protect their job and their pay.
A union就是一群工人，所组成的一个联合，帮助人们维护他们的工作和工资。
union:联合
We need to force management to listen to our grievances.
Masako ：我想我们需要罢工，好让领导们感受到我们的抱怨。
grievances:抱怨
It also mentions Birmingham’s famous Balti Triangle, and its no-nonsense culinary heritage – the city is the birthplace of Typhoo Tea, Bird’s Custard and HP Sauce.
报纸还提到了伯明翰著名的巴尔蒂三角区及其正统的烹饪遗产——伯明翰是泰福茶、雀嘜吉士粉和HP酱的出生地。
birthplace:出生地
Helsinki, designated the World Design Capital for 2012 by the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design, and Myanmar, now back on travellers’ itineraries after Aung San Suu Kyi withdrew her opposition to independent tourism last year, completed the top three.
赫尔辛基是国际工业设计协会指定的2012年世界设计之都，缅甸在昂山素季去年收回她对独立撤回的反对后再次成为撤回者的目的地，这三个地方成为旅游地排行榜的前三名。
withdrew:撤回
Under the guidance of his father, Hammond B-3 organist "Papa" John DeFrancesco, Joey began playing piano at age four.
在他的爸爸亲击杆B -3风琴手之“爸爸”也就是约翰.德弗朗斯科的教导下,乔伊4岁已经开始学习弹奏钢琴。
Papa:爸爸
Following in "Papa's" footsteps, he switched to organ, and by age10, he had become a hometown favorite in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
随后，他追随着“爸爸”的脚步开关了风琴,到10岁时,他已经在家乡宾夕法尼亚州费城家喻户晓,人见人爱。
switched:开关
Following in "Papa's" footsteps, he switched to organ, and by age10, he had become a hometown favorite in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
随后，他追随着“爸爸”的脚步成为了风琴,到10岁时,他已经在家乡宾夕法尼亚州费城家喻户晓,人见人爱。
become:成为
The best was yet to come for young Joey, who was a finalist in the inaugural Thelonious Monk International Piano Competition.
对于年轻的乔伊来说,好戏还在后面，在首次特洛尼斯.蒙克国际钢琴决赛选手中他一举进入决赛。
finalist:决赛选手
He toured and recorded with Miles Davis, and, at 18, landed a solo recording contract with Columbia Records.
他巡游演出并与迈尔斯.戴维斯一同录制专辑,而在18岁时,他就与哥伦比亚唱片公司录音单独唱片合约。
recording:录音
Two compositions: "Ashley Blue" and "Donny's Song," pay tribute to his children, while "Gloria," featuring Joey on vocals, honors his wife.
两首歌曲《Ashley Blue》及赞颂他的孩子的《Donny' s Song》,而《Gloria》则是乔伊用歌声称颂其妻子的真情流露。
Song:歌曲
In the ancient Olympics ten purple-clad hellanodikai—“judges of the Greeks”—were elected every four years from the ruling families in Elis, where the games were held.
古代奥林匹克运动会每隔四年都要从运动会举办地伊利斯的统治家族中当选10名身穿紫衣的“希腊法官”。
elected:当选
In 1947 Stephen Potter, a British author, jokingly coined the term “gamesmanship” for “the art of winning games without actually cheating” (though he suggested breaking an opponent’s concentration, rather than misleading the referee).
1947年英国作家史蒂芬波特曾开玩笑地造了个叫“比赛术”的期限，用以描述那种“通过隐性欺诈行为赢得比赛的艺术”（不过他暗示这种技术主要是为了分散对手的注意力，而不是误导裁判）。
term:期限
Races such as running, cycling or motor sports offer little scope for theatrics.
赛跑、自行车或赛车这样的骑自行车没有多少表演的空间。
cycling:骑自行车
But in soccer “diving”—falling to the ground to create the appearance of a foul—is endemic.
但足球中却特有一种叫“跳水”的表演——运动员故意倒地造成犯规的假象。
soccer:足球
They may indeed have been afflicted by a sudden incapacity. But some observed that the move also enabled their coach to make substitutions without using a precious time-out.
他们也许真的是因为突受内伤而痛苦倒地，不过有指出，这次事故也令巨人队主教练未使用一次宝贵的暂停机会就换了人。
have:有
They may indeed have been afflicted by a sudden incapacity. But some observed that the move also enabled their coach to make substitutions without using a precious time-out.
他们也许真的是因为突受内伤而痛苦倒地，不过有人指出，这次事故也令巨人队主教练未使用一次宝贵的暂停机会就已启用了人。
enabled:已启用
Playing to the referee does not always require such subterfuge. In baseball, umpires are supposed to call balls and strikes based on where a ball crosses home plate.
隐瞒裁判不一定都得用这样的花招，在棒球比赛中，司球裁判的作用是根据投手投出的球飞过本垒的位置来判断好球、坏球和三振。
subterfuge:隐瞒
Playing to the referee does not always require such subterfuge. In baseball, umpires are supposed to call balls and strikes based on where a ball crosses home plate.
欺骗裁判不一定都得用这样的花招，在棒球比赛中，司球裁判的作用是盘子投手投出的球飞过本垒的位置来判断好球、坏球和三振。
plate:盘子
But a study published last month by Mike Fast, a researcher, found that they are influenced by how catchers “frame” pitches. Receivers who move their gloves or bob their heads get worse calls than those who keep their hands and necks steady.
不过研究员迈克法斯特上个月公开了一项研究，他发现捕手的“做球”方式会对司球裁判造成受影响，晃手套或摇脑袋的捕手要比那些纹丝不动的捕手更容易招致不利判罚。
influenced:受影响
Sparring over line calls in tennis stopped after video replay was allowed in 2006.
从2006年网球引入视频回放判罚以来，关于以上判罚的争吵就没有了。
over:以上
Cricket keeps an off-field umpire for boundary calls, and to ascertain whether batsmen are run out, and if catches are real.
板球设置了一个边界裁判来做边线判罚，并对击球手是否被截取消或接取消进行确认。
off:取消
In 2008 an NBA official said “theatrical” floppers would be fined, but this has not happened.
2008年NBA官方称将对“戏剧性”滑倒的球员处以罚款，但这也没有实行。
theatrical:戏剧性
One well-worn assertion is that cybercrime revenues exceed those from the global trade in illegal drugs.
过去一直都有一个结论：网络网络犯罪的收益已超过了全球非法毒品交易。
cybercrime:网络犯罪
In the absence of figures from the practitioners, experts tend to fall back on surveys of victims, often compiled by firms that sell security software.
因为缺席这一方面的数据，专家都倾向于对受害者的角度入手调查，这些数据一般都由软件公司收集。
absence:缺席
A paper by two researchers at Microsoft, Dinei Florencio and Cormac Herley, shows why: because losses are unevenly distributed.
微软公司的两名研究人员Dinei Florencio与Cormac Herley的一份论文分布了原因：因为这些损失的分布存在不均衡性。
distributed:分布
Errors in the reporting of such infrequent crimes have a huge effect on the headline figure.
这些犯罪发生几率不大，相关报道中出现的错误会极大地影响到最后公布到报告上的数字。
reporting:报告
First they secretly monitored the spammers’ payment systems. Then they obtained logs from one of the servers that power the illegal pharmaceutical sites. They even ordered (and—perhaps surprisingly—received) some of the non-prescription drugs on sale.
首先他们对垃圾邮件制作者的支付系统进行监控，进而获得的了非法制药网址的其中一台服务器的运行记录，最后甚至还订购到一些廉价出货的非处方药。
obtained:获得的
First they secretly monitored the spammers’ payment systems. Then they obtained logs from one of the servers that power the illegal pharmaceutical sites. They even ordered (and—perhaps surprisingly—received) some of the non-prescription drugs on sale.
首先他们对垃圾邮件制作者的支付系统进行监控，进而收到的了非法制药网址的其中一台服务器的运行记录，最后甚至还订购到一些廉价出货的非处方药。
received:收到的
Their study, due to be presented at next month’s eCrime 2011 conference in San Diego, puts the annual revenue of each criminal group at a few tens of millions of dollars.
他们的研究要在下个月举行的圣迭戈2011电子犯罪会议议发布，其中作出了估计：每个犯罪组织的年收入会议达到了几千万美元。
conference:会议
Italy says it will declare a state of emergency over the cruise liner lying capsized off the west coast and provide funding to help avert any environmental disaster.
提供游轮在西海岸翻船一事，意大利宣布紧急状态，并提供资金帮助避免发生环境灾难。
provide:提供
The area where the ship capsized is a maritime park known for its pristine waters. Italy's environment minister said work to avoid a spill is underway, but he said the risk for the island is high and time is running out.
游轮变形在一处以水质纯净而出名的海洋公园，意大利环境部长说，目前正努力避免泄露事件发生，不过他说，该岛被污染的风险很高，因此时间很紧张。
capsized:变形
This move is clearly aimed at furthering that objective though no time frame has been set for the new force to be operational.
尽管尚无确定新武装的时间表，但政府此举显然是向该目的更进一步。
objective:目的
He's endorsed the party's current front-runner. "I believe it is now time for our party to unite around the candidate best equipped to defeat Barack Obama.
“我认为，共和党现在要团结在最有优势的候选人旁边，最好的击败奥巴马。
best:最好的
A cloud of ash caused by a volcano in Chile has closed an airport in neighbouring Argentina just days after it had reopened.
受到智利火山喷发大量火山灰的影响，邻近的阿根廷机场在重新重新打开之后再次关闭。
reopened:重新打开
They wanted to help create much larger financial firewall to prevent the Europe Zone debt crisis engulfing large economies, such as Italy and Spain.
他们想建造更强大的金融防火墙，防止欧元区的债务危机殃及更大的经济体，如意大利和西班牙。
debt:债务
The escape of the key suspect in the Christmas bombings is deeply embarrasing for the Nigerian police who have been accused for incompetence.
圣诞节爆炸案主要被告的逃脱令尼日利亚警方非常尴尬，他们已被指控为无能。
accused:被告
The Italian government says it is a serious risk that rock seeds could cause the capsized cruise ship Costa Concordia to sink completely.
意大利政府说岩石里的种子能够造成游轮Costa Concordia一沉到底，这的确很风险。
risk:风险
There you can download the Learning Guide for this episode that contains all of the vocabulary, sample sentences, additional vocabulary and a complete transcript of this podcast.
网站可以下载本期节目所有词汇，样品，附加词汇以及本期节目完整文本。
sample:样品
A cruise, “cruise,” is usually a relaxing trip that you take on an ocean, usually for a vacation.
“cruise,”是海上的假期度假。
vacation:假期
In the old days, especially in the movies, if you were somehow caught by the pirates - the thieves - you might be forced to walk out on a long piece of wood and, of course, jump off - you would have to die in the ocean.
在老，特别是电影中，如果你被海盗抓住，就会被迫走上甲板，跳进海里。
old:老
That is why the word heart is used in so many expressions about emotional situations.
正因为这样，心这个单词才会被用在这么多关于情绪情况的表达中。
situations:情况
Telling someone about your personal problems can often make you feel better.
向别人诉说一下自己的心事往往会让你感觉更好些。
better:更好
In the ever-popular motion picture, The Wizard of Oz, the Tin Man seeks a heart. He wanted to feel the emotion of love, and was seeking help from the powerful Wizard of Oz to find a heart.
在绿野仙踪这部广受欢迎的影片中，铁皮人想找一颗心，他想感受到爱，因此向奥兹魔法师寻找帮助。
seeking:寻找
The bank may have a "change of heart." It may agree to lend you the money.
银行可能会“改变心意（借贷 of heart）”同意借给你钱。
lend:借贷
These receptors then activate a series of changes to help the plant survive.
这些受体随即会帮助一系列的变化来帮助植物存活。
help:帮助
Researchers say they have discovered a way to "supercharge," or increase, this reaction.
研究员表示，他们已经发现一种“超负荷”发放可以增强这种反应。
supercharge:超负荷
It can help scientists identify nearby genes linked to individual qualities, or traits.
它可以帮助科学家辨识与特质或性状相关的邻近基因。
identify:辨识
It can help scientists identify nearby genes linked to individual qualities, or traits.
它可以帮助科学家确定与品质或性状相关的邻近基因。
qualities:品质
But modern technology lets scientists identify differences throughout the plant's genome, its genetic map.
但现代科技能够让科学家通过遗传图谱，也就是植物基因组来辨识差异。
identify:辨识
ANNA McCLUNG: "You know, biological pathways in the plant that may control yield, disease resistance, nutritional quality... "
麦克朗：“植物的生物途径可以控制屈服，抗病性，营养品质...”
yield:屈服
Its bondholders and other lenders are likely to take a 10% haircut while shareholders, including Carl Icahn, a maverick billionaire, will retain full control of the firm.
达力智的债券债券持有人以及其他债权人很可能会减少10%的债权而包括卡尔伊坎（亿万富翁，激进投资者）在内的股东们对公司还有完全的管理权。
bondholders:债券持有人
Its bondholders and other lenders are likely to take a 10% haircut while shareholders, including Carl Icahn, a maverick billionaire, will retain full control of the firm.
达力智的债券持有人以及其他债权人很可能会减少10%的债权而包括卡尔伊坎（亿万富翁，激进贷款人）在内的股东们对公司还有完全的管理权。
lenders:贷款人
Its bondholders and other lenders are likely to take a 10% haircut while shareholders, including Carl Icahn, a maverick billionaire, will retain full control of the firm.
达力智的债券持有人以及其他债权人很可能会减少10%的债权而包括卡尔伊坎（亿万富翁，激进股东）在内的股东们对公司还有完全的管理权。
shareholders:股东
Under the deal to exit bankruptcy, which enough creditors are expected to approve (despite the risk of a legal challenge), bondholders will take a loss to reflect the firm’s current difficulties, but a smaller one than Dynegy’s management had wanted.
在这周发布这份颇为古怪的破产声明之后，达力智每股交易约为3.40美元。若没有不合法的风险，那么相当数量的债权人都希望这场能够避免破产的交易能够通过。
deal:交易
Under the deal to exit bankruptcy, which enough creditors are expected to approve (despite the risk of a legal challenge), bondholders will take a loss to reflect the firm’s current difficulties, but a smaller one than Dynegy’s management had wanted.
在这周发布这份颇为古怪的破产声明之后，达力智每股成交价约为3.40美元。若没有不合法的风险，那么相当数量的债权人都希望这场能够避免破产的交易能够批准。
approve:批准
Should they be able to demand that an unflattering photo be permanently deleted from a website like Facebook?
我们有权需求像是facebook这一类的网站永久删除对我们不利的照片吗？
demand:需求
What about bank details, addresses - can websites hold onto this information forever?
像是银行账户明细，地址这一类的详情，网站能否永久性地对其保密？
details:详情
It has now decided on what this mysterious sounding phrase actually means.
到目前为止，这个听起来有点神秘的短语有了具体的含义。
phrase:短语
It means that a person does have the right to demand their personal information be permanently deleted if it is data that they themselves have put online.
它意指，人们有权需求自己放在网上的个人信息被永久性地删除。
demand:需求
They considered it the fastest and surest form of transportation.
他们考虑它是最快捷最可靠的大众交通工具。
considered:考虑
And the women are really working," said Nina, a security volunteer, who hides her face to stay safe.She broke out of the old stereotypes to stand guard with the young men.
妇女们是真正在工作的。”妮娜是一名安全志愿者，为了安全她遮盖了脸部。她打破了陈规陋习，和年轻志愿人员一起站着守卫。
volunteer:志愿人员
And at the Women's Consortium of Ukraine, Chairwoman Maria Alekseyenko says that's what is important.
在乌克兰妇女 konsortium，主席Maria Alekseyenko说这一点很重要。
Consortium:konsortium
"No one, and I mean no one, at the highest level of military or governance who has presided over or engaged in or knew of or conducted these kinds of attacks is ever going to receive a visa to travel into the United States of America from this day forward," said Kerry.
“军方或政府的任何最高人物，从现在起，只要对这类暴力负责，或参与其中、知情或实施这类袭击的，都将无法接受赴美旅行的签证。”
receive:接受
sexual violence in conflicts in Bosnia, Darfur, Liberia, Guatemala and many other places have been amply documented, and the subject can no longer be ignored.
波斯尼亚、利比里亚、危地马拉和许多其他冲突地区的性暴力都有充分的有文件的，不应该再忽略受害者了。
documented:有文件的
Ambassador Bruce Wharton announced the new donation February 11 while visiting Umguza in Matabeleland North, one of the country's four provinces where the food situation is dire.
大使布鲁斯·沃顿于2月11日在访问北马塔贝莱兰省的恩戈萨,这个国家面临粮食形势严峻问题四个省的其中一个同时宣布新的捐赠计划。
while:同时
Ambassador Bruce Wharton announced the new donation February 11 while visiting Umguza in Matabeleland North, one of the country's four provinces where the food situation is dire.
大使布鲁斯·沃顿于2月11日在参观北马塔贝莱兰省的恩戈萨,这个国家面临粮食形势严峻问题四个省的其中一个时宣布新的捐赠计划。
visiting:参观
The U.S. Mission in Harare will monitor the situation closely and identify additional needs as they arise.
美国在哈拉雷的使命将密切监控局势并辨识额外的需求。
identify:辨识
And what that tells ordinary dog owners, the Hungarian scientists say, is to treat your canine companions as friends,not mere animals, because they evidently understand human feelings.
匈牙利科学家说，这对一般的狗主人来说，就是要拿你的狗类伙伴做同伴，而不仅仅是动物，因为它们显然明白人类的感受。
companions:同伴
And we continue to stress to President Yanukovych and the Ukrainian govenment that they have the primary responsibility to prevent the kind of terrible violence that we've seen, to withdraw riot police, to work with the opposition to restore security and human dignity and move the country forward, said President Obama.
而且我们会继续施压乌克兰总统亚努科维奇和乌克兰政府,他们对于我们亲眼所见防止这种可怕暴力流血事件发生的应负主要责任,撤回防暴警察,与反对派协作恢复安全与人类尊严并推动国家继续,奥巴马说道。
continue:继续
And we continue to stress to President Yanukovych and the Ukrainian govenment that they have the primary responsibility to prevent the kind of terrible violence that we've seen, to withdraw riot police, to work with the opposition to restore security and human dignity and move the country forward, said President Obama.
而且我们会继续施压乌克兰总统亚努科维奇和乌克兰政府,他们对于我们亲眼所见防止这种可怕暴力流血事件发生的应负主要责任,撤回防暴警察,与反对派协作恢复安全与人类尊严并推动国家撤退,奥巴马说道。
withdraw:撤退
And we continue to stress to President Yanukovych and the Ukrainian govenment that they have the primary responsibility to prevent the kind of terrible violence that we've seen, to withdraw riot police, to work with the opposition to restore security and human dignity and move the country forward, said President Obama.
而且我们会继续施压乌克兰总统亚努科维奇和乌克兰政府,他们对于我们亲眼所见防止这种可怕暴动流血事件发生的应负主要责任,撤回防暴警察,与反对派协作恢复安全与人类尊严并推动国家前进,奥巴马说道。
riot:暴动
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso conveyed a message to Ukraine's leaders.
欧盟委员会主席约瑟·曼努埃尔·巴罗佐传达消息传送的乌克兰的领导人们。
conveyed:传送的
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso conveyed a message to Ukraine's leaders.
欧盟委员会主席约瑟·曼努埃尔·巴罗佐消息消息给乌克兰的领导人们。
message:消息
The French, German and Polish foreign ministers are meeting with members of the Ukrainian government and the opposition Thursday for talks on the unrest.
法国、德国和波兰外长周四会见乌克兰政府和反对派成员们谈话动荡问题。
talks:谈话
The protests started relatively peacefully after President Yanukovych last November refused to sign a political and economic deal with the European Union, saying the bloc did not offer enough assistance to cash-strapped Ukraine.
总统亚努科维奇称欧盟不为现金短缺的乌克兰提供足够的援助资金于去年11月拒绝签署与欧盟的政治及经济协议后就开始了相对和平的抗议协助。
assistance:协助
Pyongyang postponed the reunions, the first since 2010, in September and many feared it would again.
自2010年9月第一次重逢后，平壤就推迟了相聚，很多人害怕以后还会推迟。
feared:害怕
“Advisors and analysts in Pyongyang could make compelling arguments about these parallels and the need to strengthen their military, to strengthen their nuclear deterrent," said Pinkston.
“平壤的顾问和分析家们可能会言辞凿凿地引人注目这样的类比，提出需要加强其军事核核震慑力。”
compelling:引人注目
New research shows that after 10 years of intensified campaigns against malaria 184-million people in Africa still live in moderate to high-risk areas.
研究发现，经过10年针对疟疾的大力运动，仍有1.84亿非洲人生活在中度到高度风险的地区。
risk:风险
Dr. Noor said that the new study finds a mix of good and bad news about efforts to combat malaria.
Noor博士说新研究发现在战斗疟疾上的结果喜忧参半。
combat:战斗
After the NSA's alleged overzealous monitoring of millions of people, many Americans find that satiric message very funny.
而在国家安全局承认过度监控数以百万计的人后,许多美国人发现这样讽刺的有趣的非常有趣。
funny:有趣的
Another shirt spoofs the Department of Homeland Security logo as the Department of Homeland Stupidity.
另一件衬衫将祖国安全部的标志恶搞到了极致，称它为祖国愚蠢局。
Homeland:祖国
Another shirt spoofs the Department of Homeland Security logo as the Department of Homeland Stupidity.
另一件衬衫将祖国安全部的标志恶搞到了极致，称它为祖国愚蠢局。
Homeland:祖国
He says the case is about satire and free speech, elements that are critical for democracy.
他表示这件案子是关于讽刺和言论自由,民主是至关重要的他。
He:他
Dan McCall plans to make and sell more T-shirts.
丹·麦考尔计划生产并出售更多的T恤衫。
sell:出售
Bumblebees live in much smaller colonies in the wild. Both get pollen from the same flowers and crops, which is how they come into contact.
而大黄蜂以较小的族群生活在野外。两种蜜蜂都从同样的花朵和作物获得花粉，它们就这样产生了联系。
Bumblebees:蜜蜂
Bumblebees' lifespans were shortened by one-quarter to one-third, reducing the amount of food they could provide to their colonies.
大黄蜂的寿命缩短了四分之一到三分之一，这样它们提供族群提供的食物也减少了。
provide:提供
Co-author Mark Brown, also with Royal Holloway University, says that loss is greater for bumblebees because their colonies, or family groups, are much smaller than honeybees' hives.
联合撰稿人马克·布朗也就职于皇家霍洛威学院，他说大黄蜂所受损失更大，因为其族群比蜜蜂的蜜蜂要小。
bumblebees:蜜蜂
Co-author Mark Brown, also with Royal Holloway University, says that loss is greater for bumblebees because their colonies, or family groups, are much smaller than honeybees' hives.
联合撰稿人马克·布朗也就职于皇家霍洛威学院，他说大黄蜂所受损失更大，因为其族群比蜜蜂的蜜蜂要小。
honeybees:蜜蜂
Brown says methods exist to control the mites to some extent, but they remain a tricky problem.
布朗说现有的方法能在一定范围上控制蜂虱，但仍是个头疼问题。
extent:范围
Leon Topjian said today's catch, three Black Sea mullet, is not very big.
莱昂·特普安称今天的收获是三条黑海鲻蜜,个头不是很大。
mullet:蜜
But for most Sochi visitors, a visit to the beach provides a respite from the security checks and bustle of the Olympic Park.
但对大多数索契游客而言,参观海滩是一种远离安全和奥林匹克公园喧嚣的一种休息机会。
security:安全
"We are providing additional assistance and we are engaging in a strategic dialogue, and those are important announcements,
“我们将提供额外的支持，将进行战略对话，这些都是重要的通知书，
announcements:通知书
As the birthplace of the so-called Arab Spring uprisings, Tunisia remained a powerful symbol, said Oxford University researcher Monica Marks in an interview on Skype.
牛津大学研究者Monica Marks在Skype中说，在这个所谓阿拉伯之春出生地，突尼斯仍是强大的象征符号。
birthplace:出生地
Believing that the revolution was a good thing, believing that democracy is a positive change becomes harder,
要让人们相信革命是件好事、相信民主是个积极的革命越来越难，
revolution:革命
They are being held in a maximum security prison at the detention center in Guantanamo Bay.
他们被关押在安全最高的关塔那摩湾拘留中心。
security:安全
Security clearances are needed for the attorneys and those assisting them.
安全需要律师和那些帮助他们的人。
Security:安全
There are currently 155 detainees being held at Guantanamo Bay.
目前有155名被拘留者被关押在关塔那摩湾。
detainees:被拘留者
With the Afghan war ending, this needs to be the year Congress lifts the remaining restrictions on detainee transfers and we close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, he said.
随着阿富汗战争结束，需要国会取消转移被拘留者和关闭关塔那摩监狱的其他限制。他说道。
detainee:被拘留者
With the Afghan war ending, this needs to be the year Congress lifts the remaining restrictions on detainee transfers and we close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, he said.
随着阿富汗战争接近，需要国会取消转移囚犯和关闭关塔那摩监狱的其他限制。他说道。
close:接近
Months went by when the Obama administration tried to move these detainees and their trials to the U.S.
几个月过去了,奥巴马政府曾审判将这些被拘留者和对他们的审判带到美国。
trials:审判
Evidence in these terrorism cases is extremely sensitive and the military judge must take the time to decide what can be made public.
这些恐怖主义袭击时间的证据非常敏感而且军事法官必须花时间去决定什么可以公开。
time:时间
These men were initially captured, most of them in 2003 and held for some period of time, in the case of Khalid Sheikh Mohammad for three years in CIA black sites where he was allegedly tortured and water boarded and subjected to inhumane, cruel treatment. stated Daskal.
这些人最初被抓获,其中大部分是在2003年并被关押了一段时间, 哈立德·谢赫·穆罕默德有3年时间是在中情局的黑点,受过折磨，被施以水刑而且受到不人道,残酷的待遇。达斯卡尔说道。
subjected:受过
China is the leading producer of greenhouse gases and joins the United States as the largest consumers of energy.
中国是产生温室气体的主要大国，而美国作为最大的能源消费国也联合到这个行列中。
United:联合
Their ambitions for renewable energy would actually slow down the pace of change, which it is completely senseless as it is one of those areas of the economy that is growing right now.
他们对于可再生能源的雄心壮志会慢变革的步伐,它完全是毫无意义的,因为它是一个地区的经济增长。
slow:慢
Kerry's climate speech was the first in a series of events meant to focus on cutting carbon emissions before talks in Paris next year on coming up with a successor to the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, which was never ratified by the United States.
克里的气候演讲是在明年巴黎会谈之前意味着集中注意力于削减碳排放系列中的第一个事件，而巴黎会谈是继没有得到美国承认的1997年《京都议定书》的继承者。
focus:集中注意力
We called Seleka for help and fled into the bush.
我们向塞雷卡寻求帮助并逃离灌木丛里。
fled:逃离
When Seleka got there, we came out and saw all the dead.
当塞雷卡到达那里时,我们来了了出来,看到所有人都已遇难。
came:来了
Seleka's nine-month rule has ended and throughout the west and in the capital, the anti-Balaka have been seeking revenge for those months of killing, looting and destruction.
塞雷卡长达九个月在整个西方及首都的统治已经结束, 反巴拉卡一直为几个月的杀戮,抢劫和破坏寻找报复。
seeking:寻找
Diplomatic roadblocks are forcing the United States to reassess its approach to Syria.
外交路障迫使美国重新审视其对叙利亚采取的路线。
roadblocks:路障
“I think it is better that every side goes back and reflects and takes responsibility.Do they want this peace process to take place or not?” - asked Brahimi.
“我觉得更好的办法是做都回去反省并承担责任，他们究竟想不想看到和平进程？”
Do:做
“Where is the President Obama who has said he refuses to accept that brutal tyrants can slaughter their people with impunity,
“总统奥巴马说他不愿看到残忍的暴君屠杀人民而不受惩罚，
tyrants:暴君
She counseled and sheltered victims of rape and publicly denounced the perpetrators.
她为强奸受害者庇护咨询和住处，公开谴责犯罪者。
sheltered:庇护
The people of Mali also demonstrated their true character when they did all they could to stop Ansar al-Dine from desecrating sacred shrines with pick-axes.
马里人还停止一切所能阻止了伊斯兰卫士用斧头毁坏圣殿，表现出了很好的品质。
stop:停止
To that end, the U.S. has worked with some 80 civil society organizations to train young people in peace building and reconciliation techniques.
为实现这个目标，美国与约80个民间组织合作培训年轻人和平建筑和和解技能。
building:建筑
To that end, the U.S. has worked with some 80 civil society organizations to train young people in peace building and reconciliation techniques.
为实现这个目标，美国与约80个民间组织和解培训年轻人和平建设和和解技能。
reconciliation:和解
Mali’s heritage is one of tolerance; "your people," said Ambassador Power, "strive for consensus; your reputation is built on mutual respect;
马里的遗产之一是宽容，萨曼莎·鲍尔说，“年轻人努力获得一致认同，你们的名誉建立在相互尊重之上，
reputation:名誉
and your future depends on your resilience and on your determination to move forward together.
你们的未来取决于你们的坚韧不拔和一起努力的移动。
move:移动
The last step in Ford's production success was to raise his workers' pay.
福特成功提高T型车产量的最后一个步骤就是给他的工人们提高了薪水。
raise:提高
This system worked for Ford because people continued to demand his Model T. And they had the money to buy it.
福特一直运转着这个良性循环的系统，是因为人们对他的T型车需求不断，而且他们有钱买它。
buy:买
About half the cars produced in the world were Fords. Taxicabs in Hong Kong. Most of the cars in South America.
而且，当时全世界的出租车有近一半都是福特公司生产的，包括香港的计程车，以及南美地区的大部分出租车。
Taxicabs:出租车
STEVE EMBER: The success of the Ford Motor Company permitted Henry Ford to work on other projects. He became a newspaper publisher. He bought a railway.
史蒂夫·恩伯：福特汽车公司买的的巨大成功使得亨利·福特有能力涉足其他行业。
bought:买的
FRANK OLIVER: While Henry Ford enjoyed his success, a dangerous situation was developing.
弗兰克·奥立弗：就在亨利·福特享受着他的成功期间，危机正在萌发。
While:期间
Other companies began to sell what only Ford had been selling: good, low-priced cars.
其他的汽车公司也开始出售一直以来只有福特公司在出售的“物美价廉型”汽车。
sell:出售
Henry Ford disagreed. And it was his decision that mattered.
而且，在该公司有意义起到作用的也就只有他本人的决定。
mattered:有意义
And to make a bad situation worse, Ford dismissed all workers who attended funeral services for the dead.
让情况更加更糟的是，福特公司把参加那四名遇难者葬礼的员工全部都解雇了。
worse:更糟
For several years, automobile workers had been attempting to form a labor union.
过了几年，汽车工厂的工人们一直想成立一个工会联盟联合。
union:联合
And Henry was eighty years old -- too old to deal with the problems of wartime production.
亨利已经80岁高龄，无法处理战争战争时期的汽车生产问题。
wartime:战争时期
This is an eight to ten page document that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, cultural notes, additional vocabulary we don't talk about on the podcast, as well as a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导有八到十页，包含所有的词汇，解释，文化备注，播客上没有提到的附加词汇，以及本期节目完整文本。
contains:包含
This is an eight to ten page document that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, cultural notes, additional vocabulary we don't talk about on the podcast, as well as a complete transcript of this episode.
学习指导有八到十页，包括所有的词汇，定义，文化备注，播客上没有提到的附加词汇，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
The verb swipe can also mean to steal, especially if you're talking about something small, like “I'm going to swipe a pencil from my wife's desk” - I'm going to steal it.
swipe也可以是偷偷地意思，特别当你说到一件小事时，比如“我要从我老婆办公桌里拿个铅笔过来”-我去把铅笔偷过来。
desk:办公桌
Many of these are about famous people - celebrities - and they like to print or have lots of stories in them about Britney Spears and her baby or Angelina Jolie.
一般都是关于名人的，里面有很多关于布兰妮和她的宝贝的故事或者朱丽叶。
baby:宝贝
Ummiyad and her six children fled to an overcrowded shelter.
乌米亚德和她的六个孩子逃离到拥挤的住所。
fled:逃离
On Friday, Israel opened the main crossing to allow in fuel and water pumps to help alleviate the flooding.
而在周五以色列打开主要路口允许燃料和主要进入以帮助减轻洪水。
main:主要
While Nokia dithered, consumers lapped up Apple’s iPhone and the many smartphones based on Google’s Android operating system.
当诺基亚正因此而站在十字路口犹豫期间，许多顾客转而选择了苹果的ipohone和基于谷歌安卓系统的手机。
While:期间
Having plumped for Windows over Symbian and MeeGo, a system Nokia had worked on with Intel, a huge semiconductor-maker, Mr Elop has had to move quickly.
在下定决心选择了微软的系统而非塞班亦或是和半导体制造商英特尔合作开发的Meego系统之后，埃洛普先生必须要加速行动了，尽管诺基亚一直在为塞班系统提供升级和技术支持，但是想拥有以上塞班手机的顾客已经越来越少了。
over:以上
Even fewer people want Symbian, though Nokia updates and supports it: Nokia’s smartphone sales fell by 39% in the year to the third quarter, when the firm made its second quarterly operating loss in a row.
今年，截至第三季度，诺基亚公司已经连续两季坚固亏损，其智能手机的销量下降了39%。
firm:坚固
The phones contain applications to distinguish them from rivals, such as a navigation system for drivers that uses Nokia’s maps, by common consent the best in the trade, public-transport information for 450 cities in 44 countries, and streamed free music.
这两部新机里的内置应用使人们将它与其竞争对手区别开来，例如比如车载导航系统就基于业内公认最顶尖的诺基亚数字地图里面包含了44个国家450个城市的公共交通信息，以及免费的音乐软件。分析机构Gartner分析师卡罗琳娜?
contain:包含
That forces students like you to take out more loans and rack up more debt," he said.
这就迫使像你们这样的学生去贷款,搞得债务。”
debt:债务
The winning state would receive a $1 billion prize.
获胜的州将能接受10 亿美元的奖金。
receive:接受
"We are telling the states: If you can find new ways to bring down the costs of college and make it easier for more students to graduate, we will help you do it," Obama said.
“我们想要告诉各个州:如果你能找到新的方法来降低大学成本,让更多的毕业轻松毕业,我们将会为你提供更多帮助。
graduate:毕业
Much of Obama's plan faces a difficult future in Congress, which must approve almost all of it.
奥巴马的许多提案在国会要批准都很艰难,但是几乎所有都必须得到批准。
approve:批准
Maybe I’ll look into it for my trip to Washington in September.
或许我也要查查九月去华盛顿的旅行。
trip:旅行
On-board, “board,” means things that are on the train that you can use on the train while you are traveling on the train.
On -board，火车上的东西，你乘坐的同时可能用到。
while:同时
The verb to dine, “dine,” is a little more formal word meaning to eat.
“dine”，动词，吃饭，正式的说法。
dine:吃饭
The verb to dine, “dine,” is a little more formal word meaning to eat.
“dine”，动词，吃饭，正式的说法。
dine:吃饭
A lounge, “lounge” car is a section with comfortable chairs, things to read, maybe some drinks for the passengers - it's a place to relax on the train.
“lounge”car里面的休息室很舒适，有杂志，也许还有饮料-是火上放松的地方。
lounge:休息室
A lounge, “lounge” car is a section with comfortable chairs, things to read, maybe some drinks for the passengers - it's a place to relax on the train.
“lounge”car里面的休息室很舒适，有杂志，也许还有饮料-是火上放松的地方。
lounge:休息室
A lounge, “lounge” car is a section with comfortable chairs, things to read, maybe some drinks for the passengers - it's a place to relax on the train.
“lounge”car里面的椅子很舒适，有杂志，也许还有饮料-是火上放松的地方。
chairs:椅子
If it's a plane, we would call it airfare, but fare, in general, is the amount of money you pay for a ticket.
如果是飞机，可以说air机票（机票价格），但一般，机票就是你买票花的钱。
airfare:机票
As you can guess, a sleeping car is a section of the train where you have beds for sleeping.
你可以猜出，a sleeping car就是火车上可以睡着的车厢。
sleeping:睡着
As you can guess, a sleeping car is a section of the train where you have beds for sleeping.
你可以猜出，a sleeping car就是火车上可以睡着的车厢。
sleeping:睡着
A federal prosecutor in Campos, a city in the north of the state, is demanding 20 billion reais in punitive damages and seeking an injunction to halt all operations in Brazil by both Chevron and Transocean, the subcontractor drilling for it in Frade.
位于巴西北方的城市——Campos的一位联邦公诉人提出200 亿雷亚尔的惩罚性损失赔偿，并正在寻找禁止雪佛龙和Transocean公司在巴西的所有作业的强制令，Transocean公司承担雪佛龙在Frade钻探任务。
seeking:寻找
But the blitz against Chevron, for a leak of no more than 3,000 barrels, makes some industry-watchers wonder whether Brazil wants foreign oil companies at all.
但仅因区区3, 000桶而对雪佛龙铺天盖地地进行惩罚，这使得一事行业观察者怀疑巴西是否完全不想要外国石油了。
watchers:观察者
Petrobras, Brazil’s state-controlled oil giant, holds a minority stake in Frade, but none of the lawsuits or fines names it as a respondent.
巴西政府控股的石油巨头拥有Frade的少量赌注，但它却从未作为被告面临任务诉讼罚款。
stake:赌注
But its recent oil policy has been “nationalist and populist”, says Adriano Pires, a Rio-based energy consultant and former ANP official.
但扎根里约热内卢能源顾问、巴西国家石油顾问的前官员Adriano Pires表示，巴西最近的石油政策让其变成“国家主义者和平民主义者”。
consultant:顾问
A law approved in 2010 requires that in the recently discovered ultra-deep pré-sal (“sub-salt”) fields, Petrobras must be the operator with a minimum 30% stake (existing concessions are unaffected).
2010年，一项经批准的法律要求最近被发现的超级深海盐田，Petrobras作为经营的一方必须至少拥有30%的赌注（目前的特许权看来是不会动摇的）。
stake:赌注
Mr Pires fears that Chevron’s mishandling of communications will only harden the new mood.
Pires担忧不正确的公关举措将只会加深这种新的恐惧。
fears:恐惧
Last November, the fund’s board decided to cancel its latest attempt to ask for pledges from donors.
去年11月，全球抗击艾滋病、结核病和疟疾基金(简称全球基金)的理事会决定取消最新一轮的募款企图。
attempt:企图
If that happens, they say, Round 11 could still take place.
如果这样，他们认为“第11轮”计划还有说启动。
say:说
The fund did receive good news from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
不过，全球基金从瑞士达沃斯的世界经济论坛接受了一些好消息。
receive:接受
“It frees up funds for (the) global fund and so they can immediately use the money and continue to save lives.”
“这将有利于疏通全球基金的资金流动，使他们可以立即使用这笔基金治病救人。
fund:基金
He wants to do more animal testing to see, for example, if the gene therapy has a long-lasting effect.
他想要展开更多的测试，以了解是否基因治疗能够持久作用。
testing:测试
She might criticize me when I am not present.
她可能会趁我不在场的现在批评我。
present:现在
The lava from Kilauea continues to add land to the island as the volcanoes of Hawaii have always done.
和夏威夷岛上的其它火山一样，基劳维亚火山产生的岩浆会不断地增加这个岛屿的岛屿面积。
island:岛屿
Experts say the volcanoes of Mauna Loa and Kilauea are a serious threat to property on many parts of the island.
专家指出，莫纳罗亚火山和基劳维亚火山喷发出的岩浆严重岛屿威胁到该岛上许多岛屿方的财富。
island:岛屿
Experts say the volcanoes of the island of Hawaii are proof that the changing environment of Earth is, and will always remain, beyond human control.
专家表示，夏威夷岛上的火山证明了岛屿环境一直都在变化，将来也还会继续变化，而且是人类无法控制的。
island:岛屿
In about seventeen ninety, two areas in the side of the huge volcano opened and lava came out.
大约在1790年，这座巨大的火山侧面有两个侧面裂开了，喷发出了很多岩浆。
side:侧面
STEVE EMBER: Our trip begins near the ocean today.
STEVE EMBER:我们今天的旅行从海洋附近开始。
trip:旅行
STEVE EMBER: We are on the top looking down inside what was the most active part of the volcano.
STEVE EMBER:在山顶上，我们从火山口俯瞰里面最活跃的那顶部。
top:顶部
STEVE EMBER: We are on the top looking down inside what was the most active part of the volcano.
STEVE EMBER:在山顶上，我们从火山口俯瞰里面最活跃的那里面。
inside:里面
The shape is almost like a circle except the sides have been stretched -- almost the shape of an egg but longer.
除了被冲击力拉伸开的两边，其他地方几乎就是一个圆圈——其形状就像是一个鸡蛋，只是更圆圈一些。
circle:圆圈
The shape is almost like a circle except the sides have been stretched -- almost the shape of an egg but longer.
除了伸展冲击力拉伸开的两边，其他地方几乎就是一个圆圈——其形状就像是一个鸡蛋，只是更椭长一些。
stretched:伸展
Visitors can see how an active volcano adds mass to the island.
而且，游客们还能亲眼看到活火山喷发岩浆增加了岛上的岛屿面积。
island:岛屿
Their name is long but precise: The UN Principles for Housing and Property Restitution for Refugees and IDPs.
《联合国难民,流离失所者住房和财产补救原则》,这个名字虽长但却很精确的代表了被赋予的使命。
Restitution:补救
Relief groups and lawyers know them as the Pinheiro Principles, named for Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, the author of a study that assembled the guidelines and a former UN sub-commission special rapporteur on housing and property restitution.
因为费歇罗,救援小组和律师们才开始知道他们,这是根据保罗.塞尔吉奥.费歇罗的名字命名,他是研究的作者,也是前联合国对于住房和财产偿还分部的特别记录人。
restitution:偿还
They are included in the UNHCR Handbook on Voluntary Repatriation, which provides additional guidance on resettlement and restitution of land and property.
其中也包括进联合国难民事务高级办事处的自愿遣返手册,该手册对于遣返土地和财产提供了额外的指导。
Repatriation:遣返
Today, they're referred to in courtrooms around the world for those pressing restitution claims by refugees and IDPs.
现今,因为受到难民和流离失所者的偿还敦促,这些人受到世界各地的法庭传讯。
restitution:偿还
Chris Huggins, the director of the consulting firm called Land Conflict Research in Ottawa, Canada, said the Pinheiro Principles bring with them recommendations and standards relating to the restitution of refugee lands.
克里斯.希金斯是加拿大渥太华土地冲突研究咨询公司的董事长,他表示原则带给他们建议及有关偿还难民土地的标准。
restitution:偿还
The African Commission's ruling calls on the Government of Sudan to provide conditions for the safe return of IDPs and refugees and to establish "a National Reconciliation Forum that would, among others, resolve issues of land, grazing and water rights...."
非洲委员会裁决呼吁苏丹政府为流离失所者和难民安全返回提供条件并建立“全国和解论坛,其中解决土地问题,牧业和水权…”
ruling:裁决
"There are a number of conflicts in Africa where ethnic minorities who are targeted with violence tend to sell their land before they flee the fighting," he said.
“在非洲少数民族有一些冲突,这些暴徒往往在逃跑战争之前出售他们的土地,”他说道。
flee:逃跑
"There are a number of conflicts in Africa where ethnic minorities who are targeted with violence tend to sell their land before they flee the fighting," he said.
“在非洲少数民族有一些战斗,这些暴徒往往在逃离战争之前出售他们的土地,”他说道。
fighting:战斗
"There's controversy in many areas over whether that was a forced sale, because the price of land plummets when there's going to be conflict in an area, and people sell their land for whatever they can get...
“在许多地区存在是否是被迫销售的争议,因为土地价格在争论更是一落千丈,人们出售土地以得到想要的一切…但是后来,还是这些人回来并说我的生命受到了威胁,卖给你的土地价格是打折后的被迫销售,我现在想把它要回来。
controversy:争论
"There's controversy in many areas over whether that was a forced sale, because the price of land plummets when there's going to be conflict in an area, and people sell their land for whatever they can get...
“在许多地区存在是否是被迫出售的争议,因为土地价格在冲突地区更是一落千丈,人们出售土地以得到想要的一切…但是后来,还是这些人回来并说我的生命受到了威胁,卖给你的土地价格是打折后的被迫出售,我现在想把它要回来。
sell:出售
But often, afterward, those same people come back and say'My life was threatened, I sold you this land at a discounted price as a forced sale, and I want it back.' ""[Or], people will entrust their land to a neighbor of a different ethnic group and say'Look after may land and use it, but when I return I want it back.
”“人们把自己的土地委托信任邻居或不同的族群并说帮忙照顾,使用它,但是当其回来的时候会把它要回来。
entrust:信任
But after 20 years, the friendly neighbor has been replaced by his sons, and this was based on a verbal agreement and difficult to prove.
但20年后,友善的邻居继承给了自己的儿子,而当初只是基于一个口头协议,很难证明证明。
prove:证明
Some international NGO handbooks recommend that where tenure is not registered or contested, programs should be put in place to define and register land and to give people formal documentation that secures their right to it.
一些国际非政府非政府组织建议该原则某些所有权没有注册或者存在争议,有些权利应放在更适当的位置来定义和登记土地和给人们正式文件,从而保障他们的权利。
NGO:非政府组织
Huggins says this reinforces the importance of having well functioning land tenure systems -- still an issue for a continent where only a small percentage of property is officially registered.
希金斯表示强化具有重要功能的的土地所有权制度还是一个问题,因为一个大陆只有一小部分财产正式注册。
reinforces:强化
Sort of a life-satisfaction index, it takes into account factors such as people's relative health, material well being, and sense of security.
有点象是生活幸福指数，以下几方面就会纳入考察范围：健康情况，材料，以及安全感。
material:材料
But whenever we can, we try to adjust our recipes for a better life, perhaps building a den for reading or moving to a leisure village with a golf course.
但是，不管是什么时候，只要有机会，我们都尽量的享受更好的生活，或许是建筑一间阅读室，或者是搬家到一个有高尔夫的村庄。
building:建筑
It would be interesting, in fact, to see where the United States would rank if a worldwide quality-of-life survey were conducted in 2012.
但是，事实上，这也很有趣，我们要看看在2012年，美国在全世界的生活指数中到底能够等级第几位。
rank:等级
Fighting in South Sudan and erratic oil production in Libya are having a ripple effect on the global oil market.
南苏丹的戰鬥和利比亚石油产量不稳定对全球石油市场产生了连带效应。
Fighting:戰鬥
John Kingston, director of news for Platts, a leading energy information company, said,
约翰·金斯顿是著名的能源新闻公司普拉茨的新闻主任，
news:新闻
Now you’ve got South Sudan, which is a relatively small producer,but again it could be a cutback in a market that does have a lot of these geo-political concerns.”
现在南苏丹这个相对小的产出国的产出也削减了，这就引发了对地缘政治的担忧。
cutback:削减
Some of the fighting in South Sudan is in Unity State, which produces about 45,000 to 50,000 barrels a day.That’s out of a total output for South Sudan of 250,000 barrels a day.
南苏丹的部分战斗发生在统一统一，这里每天的产出是4.5万到5万桶，南苏丹每天的总产量是25万桶。
Unity:统一
Kingston said that’s a relatively small output compared to other oil producing nations.Nevertheless, he said the combination of problems in the two countries has affected the market.
金斯顿说相对于其他石油产出国这个输出较小，然而他说，这两个国家的问题加在一起就对市场产生了影响。
output:输出
The Honduran election tribunal announced that Mr. Hernandez received a plurality, garnering 36.9 percent of the vote.
洪都拉斯选举法庭宣布埃尔南德斯先生收到了较多票数,获得36.9%的选举。
election:选举
The Honduran election tribunal announced that Mr. Hernandez received a plurality, garnering 36.9 percent of the vote.
洪都拉斯选举法庭宣布埃尔南德斯先生收到了较多票数,收到的36.9%的选票。
received:收到的
The Honduran election tribunal announced that Mr. Hernandez received a plurality, garnering 36.9 percent of the vote.
洪都拉斯选举法庭宣布埃尔南德斯先生收到了较多票数,收集36.9%的选票。
garnering:收集
The next leading contender, Xiomara Castro, of the LIBRE Party, received 28.8 percent of the vote.
接下来的主要竞争者自由党的卡斯特罗收到的28.8%的选票。
received:收到的
Electoral officials and party members reviewed formal complaints regarding the outcome and found their allegations of widespread electoral improprieties to be unsubstantiated.
而选举官员和各党人士审查正式的投诉,发现他们普遍认为的选举不当不恰当指控纯属毫无根据。
improprieties:不恰当
Most domestic and international observers monitoring the election commended the electoral process and believe the results are reliable.
大多数监督选举的国内和国际监测人士支持选举过程并且认为结果可信。
monitoring:监测
26 per cent of U.S. exports, $1.2 trillion in two-way trade with the United States, and a huge proportion of biodiversity vulnerable to climate change.
以及美国出口的26%，与美国的双边贸易达到1.2万亿美元，以及大部分易受气候变化影响的生物生物多样性。
biodiversity:生物多样性
develop ties with emerging partners and support regional institutions to solve problems based on internationally-recognized rules and norms.
同时发展与新兴伙伴的关系，依据国际承认的规则和标准支持地区机构解决问题。
norms:标准
U.S. engagement has ensured peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region for over 60 years, and its continued engagement will further enhance peaceful development.
60多年来，美国的交往确保了亚太地区的和平与繁荣，未来继续进行的交往将进一步更进一步和平发展。
further:更进一步
After being out there in the streets, where you're not sleeping well and you're not eating well, to actually come here and do a real meal, it does something to you.
在街上的生活很糟糕,睡着质量差,吃的不好,真正来到这里后吃上一餐真正的饭会对你意味良多。
sleeping:睡着
Beltran said that caring outreach is especially important for the children, who also come here in search of holiday cheer.
贝尔特兰表示救助搜寻尤为关心来这里寻找节日快乐氛围的孩子们。
search:搜寻
The effort to end Iran's suspected nuclear weapons program caused Israeli leaders their greatest worry.
意在结束伊朗嫌疑核武器项目的努力引起的以色列领导人非常担忧，
caused:引起的
When implemented effectively and at scale, the usage of antiretroviral medications in pregnancy, and during the breast-feeding period,
在母乳期，抗逆转录病毒药物一旦得到有效执行，且规模可观，
implemented:执行
has the potential to reduce the rate of HIV transmission to virtually zero, compared with around one-third without any intervention.
就有将艾滋病毒传播减少到零的可能，而不采取干预措施则有大约三分之一的传播可能。
reduce:减少
We've distributed food in places to individual groups of people as small as 50.
我们将食品一些地方发给各地50人大小的群体。
places:一些地方
We've distributed food in places to individual groups of people as small as 50.
我们将食品分发给各地50人大小的人。
people:人
There are particular hot spots, especially the area just outside the airport at Bangui.
有特定的热点地区,尤其是班吉机场外的外面。
outside:外面
That insecurity, both for our staff and for the people we're trying to help, means we have to slow down the distributions near Bangui airport and focus on other areas while we work out what we can do for the people stuck there, he said.
不安全性对们的员工和我们想帮助的人而言意味着我们必须慢班吉机场附近的分配,我们要专注于其他领域,看看我们能为困在那里的人们做些什么,他说道。
slow:慢
That insecurity, both for our staff and for the people we're trying to help, means we have to slow down the distributions near Bangui airport and focus on other areas while we work out what we can do for the people stuck there, he said.
不安全性对们的员工和我们想帮助的人而言意味着我们必须减缓班吉机场附近的分配,我们要专注于其他机场,看看我们能为困在那里的人们做些什么,他说道。
airport:机场
That insecurity, both for our staff and for the people we're trying to help, means we have to slow down the distributions near Bangui airport and focus on other areas while we work out what we can do for the people stuck there, he said.
不安全性对们的员工和我们想帮助的人而言意味着我们必须减缓班吉机场附近的分配,我们要集中注意力于其他领域,看看我们能为困在那里的人们做些什么,他说道。
focus:集中注意力
to a groundbreaking telephone call with Iran's new president and negotiations for a nuclear deal.
然后是与伊朗新总统突破性的呼叫联系，以及就核协议进行的协商。
call:呼叫
and you've got the neighbors increasingly shaky, the state structure -- Iraq, Jordan, Turkey, Lebanon all at risk," said Serwer.
如果邻国越发风险，那么伊拉克、约旦、土耳其和黎巴嫩的国家结构都岌岌可危。”
risk:风险
many world leaders are wondering if President Obama can domestically overcome challenges even to focus on the challenges in the international arena," she said.
因此许多世界领导人质疑总统奥巴马是否能解决国内思索，是否会关注国际舞台上面临的挑战。”
wondering:思索
A recent Pew Research poll showed declining support for global engagement among Americans, a challenge to Obama's belief in a U.S. role.
最近皮尤研究研究显示，美国人对全球事务参与的支持在下降，这对奥巴马对美国角色的信仰来说是个挑战。
Research:研究
A recent Pew Research poll showed declining support for global engagement among Americans, a challenge to Obama's belief in a U.S. role.
最近皮尤投票调查显示，美国人对全球事务参与的支持在下降，这对奥巴马对美国角色的信仰来说是个挑战。
poll:投票
The decline of middle class incomes and the difficulty for average people getting good paying jobs has overtaken the deficit as the number one problem facing our political economy today, said Schumer.
中产阶级收入的下降和普通人找到优厚待遇工作的问题是现今我们的政治经济赤字面临的首要问题,舒默说。
problem:问题
Whether the U.S. economy continues to improve, and whether the Affordable Care Act's early problems fade next year, could determine which party's message resonates better with the American people.
美国经济是否持续改善,可支付医疗法案的早期问题是否消失,可能会决定明年哪一个政党更能很更好的与美国人民产生共鸣。
better:更好
The report highlights two major factors that are driving up costs.
这份报告强调了因素成本上升的两大问题。
factors:因素
A tiny magnet is attached to a patient's tongue so that each movement changes the magnetic field around her head.
该设备依赖在病人舌头上一块外接的微小磁铁,这样每个运动都会改变她头部周围的磁场运动。
movement:运动
And the target device could be your wheelchair, could be your computer, could be your flat-screen TV, air conditioning system, you name it, because the rest of the technology is already in place, he said.
目标设备可能是你的轮椅,可能是你的电脑,可能是你的平板电视,空调系统,随你所想,因为其余的它已经到位,他说道。
it:它
On Wednesday, Israeli aircraft attacked targets in Gaza, and troops hit targets near the border fence between Gaza and Israel.
以色列飞机周三袭击了加沙地区的目标，其军队进攻了加沙和以色列边界附近的军事目标。
border:边界
Police estimates put the crowd at 40,000, brought out in a wave of indignation over Tuesday's court verdict.
警察估计游行者有4万多名，他们对法院周二的判决表示强烈的愤怒。
indignation:愤怒
The military has pulled back troops from a town on the border with Lebanon after several days of clashes.
经过几天的冲突，军队已在黎巴嫩边界某镇将武装力量击退。
border:边界
This is the latest World News from the BBC here in London.
这是最新的BBC国际最新在伦敦为您报道。
latest:最新
I didn’t know anything about accounting and my friend, Roland, said that he would give me some advice.
我对会计是完全的不懂，但是我朋友Roland说他会教我。
accounting:会计
Is this the kind of ledger I should be keeping?
就是说要那种记账？
kind:那种
Roland: It’s not that hard if you use the right accounting program.
Roland ：如果会计程序正确，就没什么问题。
accounting:会计
Well, it’s good that you’re keeping your receipts but you’ll have to keep better track of them.
你这样做很更好，但是最更好所有支出都要记录。
better:更好
This podcast is all about business vocabulary related to accounting.
本期节目是关于会计的商业词汇。
accounting:会计
A day job is your regular job that you work at from nine in the morning'til five in the afternoon, for example.
故事开始，Magdalena说她“a 下午 job.”A 下午 job是指正常的工作，从早上九点到下午五点。
afternoon:下午
There are some other meanings of this expression, on the side, take a look at the Learning Guide for those additional definitions.
这个短语还有一些其他意思，看看学习指导中的定义。
definitions:定义
Accounting is the job of keeping correct records of the money you spend; it's very similar to bookkeeping.
当我们谈到会计，通常，我们是说记录一家公司的账单，但是也不一定是会计。
Accounting:会计
A ledger, “ledger,” is a book or, nowadays, a computer program where a business or an organization puts down the money - records the money that it spends and it receives.
”“ledger,”是一本账册，或者，现在是一个电脑项目，帐簿收入支出的钱。
ledger:帐簿
A ledger, “ledger,” is a book or, nowadays, a computer program where a business or an organization puts down the money - records the money that it spends and it receives.
”“ledger,”是一本账册，或者，现在是一个电脑项目，帐簿收入支出的钱。
ledger:帐簿
So, a ledger is a tool that you use in bookkeeping and accounting.
因此，a ledger就是会计的工具。
accounting:会计
They're things that you owe to someone else, “owe,” meaning you have a loan, for example, and you need to pay the loan; that would be a liability.
是你欠别人的东西，“owe,”意思是你欠钱，比如，你需要支付贷款；这就是贷款。
loan:贷款
They're things that you owe to someone else, “owe,” meaning you have a loan, for example, and you need to pay the loan; that would be a liability.
是你欠别人的东西，“owe,”意思是你欠钱，比如，你需要支付贷款；这就是贷款。
loan:贷款
Administrative is related to the cost of operating your business - your telephone bill, your electricity bill and so forth.
Administrative就是生意需要成本的钱-电话费，电费，等等。
cost:成本
To stay within your budget is an expression that means not to spend more than you had planned to spend.
To stay within your budget是一个短语，计划是计划内支出。
planned:计划
In most big companies, there's an accounts payable department, and these are the people who pay the bills of the company.
相反的就是accounts receivable,就是负责帐户收入的人。
accounts:帐户
To claim expenses, “claim,” is to say to the government - to the IRS - “Well, we spent this much money, and we can prove that with some receipts.” If you can't prove it with receipts, and the IRS decides to look at your financial records, and they think that you are cheating the government - you're not paying enough taxes - well, you don't want to be in that situation because you may end up going to jail!
“claim,”是指向政府税务局证明“Well, we spent this much money, and we can prove that with some receipts.”如果不能用收据证明，而税务局希望查看你的财政记录，他们认为你在欺骗政府，你偷税漏税-你不会希望证明送进监狱吧！
prove:证明
To claim expenses, “claim,” is to say to the government - to the IRS - “Well, we spent this much money, and we can prove that with some receipts.” If you can't prove it with receipts, and the IRS decides to look at your financial records, and they think that you are cheating the government - you're not paying enough taxes - well, you don't want to be in that situation because you may end up going to jail!
“claim,”是指向政府税务局证明“Well, we spent this much money, and we can prove that with some receipts.”如果不能用收据证明，而税务局希望查看你的财政记录，他们认为你在欺骗政府，你偷税漏税-你不会希望证明送进监狱吧！
prove:证明
To claim expenses, “claim,” is to say to the government - to the IRS - “Well, we spent this much money, and we can prove that with some receipts.” If you can't prove it with receipts, and the IRS decides to look at your financial records, and they think that you are cheating the government - you're not paying enough taxes - well, you don't want to be in that situation because you may end up going to jail!
“claim,”是指向政府税务局证明“Well, we spent this much money, and we can prove that with some receipts.”如果不能用收据证明，而税务局希望查看你的财政记录，他们认为你在欺诈政府，你偷税漏税-你不会希望被送进监狱吧！
cheating:欺诈
While you're there, you can download a Learning Guide for this episode, that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not included on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您可以到我们的网站，下载本期节目学习指导，包含所有的词汇，解释，例句，附加解释，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
contains:包含
While you're there, you can download a Learning Guide for this episode, that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not included on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您可以到我们的网站，下载本期节目学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
While you're there, you can download a Learning Guide for this episode, that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not included on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您可以到我们的网站，下载本期节目学习指导，包括所有的词汇，解释，样品，附加解释，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
sample:样品
While you're there, you can download a Learning Guide for this episode, that contains all of the vocabulary, definitions, sample sentences, additional definitions not included on the podcast, cultural notes, and a complete transcript of this episode.
您可以到我们的网站，下载本期节目学习指导，包括所有的词汇，定义，例句，附加定义，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
We get them talking about the product on their websites and people who visit those websites will tell their friends about it, and they will in turn tell their friends, and so on.
我们让他们在自己的网站讨论我们的产品。那么，访问他们网站的人看到就参观转告他们的朋友，朋友又告诉朋友。
visit:参观
I think it’s going to transform the way we reach our customers.
这样就能变换寻找客户的方式了。
transform:变换
“To infect someone” means to give someone a sickness or a disease.
“To infect someone”意思是使得别人疾病。
disease:疾病
Just like you can have a virus spread or move quickly from one person to another, the adjective “viral” refers to that same idea of having something move very quickly.
就是很快的从一个人传播到另一个人，形容词“viral”指是迅速移动。
refers:指
The term “viral marketing” means to get your message out, as a company, to get other people to share and to spread the news about your product or service.
“viral marketing”意思是发布新闻。就公司而言，就是和别人分享公司产品或者新闻。
news:新闻
A virus is usually a negative thing, but viral marketing is just a way that companies use existing connections among people to get their message out - to get people to know about their product.
病毒就不是个产品东西了，但是病毒式营销只是公司用于在人群中发布信息的方式。
product:产品
There are some other definitions of that word, “to spread,” that verb; take a look at our Learning Guide, again, for some additional explanations.
这个词还有一些其他意思。看看学习指导中的定义。
definitions:定义
“That’s just it. It’s very low-cost,” meaning it's not expensive; it won't require a lot of money, because viral marketing “works through word of mouth.” The expression “word of mouth,” like the mouth on your face, means people learning about something because they hear other people talking about it.
“That’s just it. It’s very low -cost,”意思是不贵；不会花很多钱，因为病毒如营销是依靠“works through word of mouth.”短语“word of mouth,”就像短语the mouth on your face,意思是口碑相传。
like:如
We get them talking about the product on their websites and people who visit those sites will tell their friends about it, and they will in turn tell their friends, and so on.
我们让他们在自己的网站讨论我们的产品。那么，访问他们网站的人看到就参观转告他们的朋友，朋友又告诉朋友。
visit:参观
Originally derided as “Clinton’s folly”, the canal helped to open up the west, allowing New York to benefit enormously from an explosion of trade.
起初此言论被嘲笑是“克林顿式的愚蠢”，然而西部地区因运河而实现开放，纽约因高的贸易往来而迅速地发展起来。
up:高
The plan to open an applied sciences university campus in New York City, reckons Seth Pinsky, who heads New York’s Economic Development Corporation, is an “Erie Canal moment”.
纽约市经济发展局局长宾斯基估算在纽约市兴建一所应用科技大学将造就一个“伊利运河时刻”。
reckons:估算
The Big Apple even overtook Massachusetts in venture-capital funding for internet and tech start-ups, making it second only to Silicon Valley.
大苹果城在对互联网及它新兴企业的风险投资方面甚至超越马萨诸塞州，而仅次于硅谷。
it:它
Since 2002 the city has set up more than 40 projects to help the biotech sector and helped create a network of incubator s supporting start-ups in that area.
自2002年纽约已设立超过40起项目以促进生物行业的发展并构建企业孵化网路帮助创业企业。
helped:帮助
A year ago Michael Bloomberg, a tech entrepreneur before he became New York’s mayor, called on universities to pitch plans to develop and operate a new tech campus in New York in exchange for access to city-owned land and up to $100m in public money.
一年前，曾是一位商人的纽约市长迈克尔•彭博，号召大学为纽约成立一所新的科技大学集思广益，并将城市土地及高达1 亿美元的公共资金作为奖励。
city:城市
New York received seven proposals from 17 top institutions, including Stanford University which did so much to create Silicon Valley.
纽约收到来自17所名校的7顶部项目建议书，其中包括为硅谷的建立做出极大贡献的斯坦福大学。
top:顶部
The latter is considered to be one of the driving forces in Israel’s tech industry.
Technion被考虑是以色列科技产业的推动力之一。
considered:考虑
The militant Islamist group Boko Haram, which has carried out attacks across northern Nigeria in recent months, says it was behind the latest bombings.
最近数月来，伊斯兰博科圣地军事组织在尼日利亚北部多次实施轰炸，该组织称最近的爆炸事件都是自己所为。
bombings:轰炸
"I am in greater sympathy with what happened to the French soldiers. We are in close contact with our French colleagues, and we have no reason to believe that France will do anything other than continue to be part of the very carefully considered transition process as we look at our exit as previously agreed upon."
“我更同情法国士兵的遭遇，我们与法国同僚保持密切的联系，法美两国曾就撤出问题达成一致，有关过渡进程的问题也考虑过，我相信法国会继续成为该过程的一部分。
considered:考虑
"I am in greater sympathy with what happened to the French soldiers. We are in close contact with our French colleagues, and we have no reason to believe that France will do anything other than continue to be part of the very carefully considered transition process as we look at our exit as previously agreed upon."
“我更同情法国士兵的遭遇，我们与法国同僚保持密切的联系，法美两国曾就撤出问题达成一致，有关过渡进程的问题也深思熟虑过，我考虑法国会继续成为该过程的一部分。
considered:考虑
Titled Death Penalty?, the leaflet featured a picture of a mannequin with a noose around its neck.
传单标题“判以死刑吗？”
Titled:标题
At Derby Crown Court, a jury found all three guilty - the first people to be convicted of stirring up hatred on the grounds of someone's sexual orientation.
在德比皇冠法庭，被定罪认定三人均有罪，将以他人性倾向为挑起仇恨理由的人判罪，还是第一次。
convicted:被定罪
Iran's English language television station Press TV has lost its licence to broadcast in Britain. The broadcasting watchdog Ofcom said editorial control of Press TV came from Tehran, breaking British broadcasting rules.
伊朗英语电视台Press TV失去在英国播放的许可证，广播观察机构英国语言办公室称，德黑兰对Press TV的社论控制违反了英国的广播法。
language:语言
The United Nations has warned of worsening humanitarian problems in South Sudan as a result of ethnic violence. It says tens of thousands of people need urgent help. Most need food aid after fleeing their homes.
联合国警告，由于种族暴力严重，南苏丹人权问题日益恶化，成千上万人需要紧急救援，大多数逃跑家园的人需要食物援助。
fleeing:逃跑
At that time, the Lou Nuer had launched a massive attack, but the violence has continued with reprisal attacks by the Murle.
当时，努埃尔部落发起大规模袭击，不过穆尔勒部落继续报复打击，所以暴力事件不断。
reprisal:报复
But she battled with heroin addiction and obesity for much of her life.
但她一生的大部分时间都在与白粉毒瘾和肥胖症作战斗。
battled:战斗
If you visit our website, you can pick up the Learning Guide for this episode, which has all of the vocabulary, definitions, additional definitions we don't talk about on the podcast, cultural notes and a complete transcript of everything we say.
如果你访问我们的网站，可以看到本期节目学习指导，里面有词汇，定义，附加定义，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
If you visit our website, you can pick up the Learning Guide for this episode, which has all of the vocabulary, definitions, additional definitions we don't talk about on the podcast, cultural notes and a complete transcript of everything we say.
如果你访问我们的网站，可以看到本期节目学习指导，里面有词汇，定义，附加定义，文化备注，以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
That word means something that completes or finishes something else.
这个单词意思是完成。
completes:完成
Sebastian says that he's nervous because he likes Nia, and he hopes that they can become “more than friends.” When someone says, “I want to be more than friends,” they mean I want to be romantically connected to you, and this is what Sebastian, like so many people, want.
Sebastian说他很紧张因为他喜欢Nia，他希望他们可以“more than friends.”如果朋友人说，“I want to be more than friends,”他们是说我想要和你成为男女朋友。而他也是这样想的。
friends:朋友
Sebastian says that he's nervous because he likes Nia, and he hopes that they can become “more than friends.” When someone says, “I want to be more than friends,” they mean I want to be romantically connected to you, and this is what Sebastian, like so many people, want.
Sebastian说他很紧张因为他喜欢Nia，他希望他们可以“more than friends.”如果朋友人说，“I want to be more than friends,”他们是说我想要和你成为男女朋友。而他也是这样想的。
friends:朋友
He is complimenting - and that's a verb as well as a noun, compliment - he is complimenting Nia on her shirt, or perhaps her dress. He says, “Red looks great on you.”
之后他说，“Red looks great on you.”他是在赞扬-这里既是动词也是名词-他是在赞美Nia身上的衣服，或者裙子。
complimenting:赞美
He is complimenting - and that's a verb as well as a noun, compliment - he is complimenting Nia on her shirt, or perhaps her dress. He says, “Red looks great on you.”
之后他说，“Red looks great on you.”他是在赞扬-这里既是动词也是名词-他是在赞美Nia身上的衣服，或者裙子。
compliment:赞美
He is complimenting - and that's a verb as well as a noun, compliment - he is complimenting Nia on her shirt, or perhaps her dress. He says, “Red looks great on you.”
之后他说，“Red looks great on you.”他是在赞扬-这里既是动词也是名词-他是在赞美Nia身上的衣服，或者裙子。
complimenting:赞美
Sebastian says, “Sure,” and then he gives her another compliment.
Sebastian说，“Sure,”之后又赞美了他。
compliment:赞美
Someone named Picasso did.” Of course, Sebastian is trying to compliment Nia too much, thinks that she painted a Picasso picture.
他这样问，非常的傻，Nia说，“No. Someone named Picasso did.”当然，Sebastian只是在努力的赞美Nia，以为是Nia画的。
compliment:赞美
Cheers, “cheers,” is what you say when you are drinking something, usually alcohol.
”“cheers,”在你酒精东西的时候就会说。
alcohol:酒精
Visit our website. There you will find a list of all the words that we will be using in this podcast, their definitions, a(n) additional culture note as well as a complete transcript of this episode.
记得访问我们的网站.网站上有本期节目所有的词汇，定义，备注以及本期节目完整文本。
definitions:定义
My brother failed his test the first time because he forgot to signal a left turn, and then he didn't yield to a pedestrian.
我哥哥第一次就没有考过，他忘记打左转动灯了，看到行人也不停车。
turn:转动
The driver's manual is actually a list of the laws of a state that are concerned with driving, laws, rules that you have to know.
驾驶指南事实上是有州关于驾驶的法案。
have:有
The blinker is the light that shows people you are going left or going right.
The blinker就是向人们展示左转或者右转的闪烁灯。
blinker:闪烁灯
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn, meaning if you are going to turn left or turn right, you have to put your blinkers on that indicate that to the other drivers behind you.
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn，意思是如果你要左转或者右转，你需要打开转向灯，告诉后面的车你要转动了。
turn:转动
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn, meaning if you are going to turn left or turn right, you have to put your blinkers on that indicate that to the other drivers behind you.
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn，意思是如果你要左转或者右转，你需要打开转向灯，告诉后面的车你要转动了。
turn:转动
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn, meaning if you are going to turn left or turn right, you have to put your blinkers on that indicate that to the other drivers behind you.
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn，意思是如果你要左转或者右转，你需要打开转向灯，告诉后面的车你要转动了。
turn:转动
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn, meaning if you are going to turn left or turn right, you have to put your blinkers on that indicate that to the other drivers behind you.
There is a law that you are supposed to signal your turn，意思是如果你要左转或者右转，你需要打开转向灯，表示后面的车你要转弯了。
indicate:表示
Well, Henry's brother was not a very good driver, it seems.
看起来，Henry的哥哥开车它不行啊。
it:它
It's a time that you have to go somewhere to do something.
是必须到有地方去做某件事情。
have:有
Every week, on the radio, he would visit an imaginary place, "Allen's Alley," where he would talk with characters like Senator Claghorn.
在每周的广播节目中，他都参观提到“艾伦的小巷”，他参观虚拟自己在这个假想的地方与参议员之类的一些大人物交谈。
visit:参观
When the United States entered World War One, he joined the Navy.
当美国卷入第一次世界大战时，他他联合了美国海军部队。
United:联合
BENNY: "So do I. Music once saved my uncle's life."
”本尼：“我也是，音乐曾经保存了我叔叔的生活。”
saved:保存
New Scientist magazine coined the term after observing that the subject matter of a series of science books and articles bore relevance to the authors’ surnames.
《新科学家》杂志注意到一系列科学书籍和文章中的主题多和作者的姓氏相关联，从而造出了“姓名决定论”期限。
term:期限
New Scientist magazine coined the term after observing that the subject matter of a series of science books and articles bore relevance to the authors’ surnames.
《新科学家》杂志注意到一系列科学书籍和文章中的主题多和作者的姓氏相关联，从而造出了“姓氏决定论”一词。
surnames:姓氏
“I had noticed, as it happens, on the same day in the office, a book on the arctic called Pole Positions: The Polar Regions and the Future of the Planet, by Daniel Snowman.
“碰巧的是，就在同一天上班期间，我注意到一本关于北极的书《极地区域：极地地区和地球的未来》作者是丹尼尔·斯诺曼（雪人）。
Regions:区域
Authors Brett Pelham, Matthew Mirenberg and John Jones concluded that the phenomenon occurs because people “prefer things that are connected to the self (for example, the letters in one's name)”.
该论文的作者布雷特·佩尔汉姆、马修·麦仁伯格和约翰·琼斯得出结论说，发生这一现象是因为人们“偏爱那些和自身（偏好自己名字中的字母）有关的事。
prefer:偏好
Per Becker, the Regional Disaster Risk Managment Coordinator for the Red Cross' Dakar office, said the situation is expected to get worse.
Per Becker，达喀尔红十字会地区灾难管理协调人表示，情况很可能将会变得更加更糟。
worse:更糟
The deal lifts, if only for a couple of months, one shadow over the economy and thus Mr Obama’s re-election prospects.
去年12月23日，延长工资税消减法案得以通过，连一次唱名选举都没有。
election:选举
Many people consider themselves number one, the most important person.
许多人考虑自己是最重要的人物（number one）。
consider:考虑
He recognizes when he has had too much alcohol to drink. So he accepted an offer for a ride home from a female friend.
他意识到自己喝了太多酒，于是就承认了一个女性朋友的帮助，让她载他回家。
recognizes:承认
He recognizes when he has had too much alcohol to drink. So he accepted an offer for a ride home from a female friend.
他意识到自己酒精了太多酒，于是就接受了一个女性朋友的帮助，让她载他回家。
alcohol:酒精
At one time in the past, my brother had been in love with this woman.
曾经有段时间，我弟弟（at one 过去）爱上了这个女人。
past:过去
For one thing, she did not love him as much as he loved her.
一方面（For one thing）是因为她对他的爱没有他对她的深。
love:爱
But even now, he considers her the one that got away.
但是直到是现在，他还考虑她是他的最爱（the one that got away）。
considers:考虑
Remember to visit our website at to get the Learning Guide for this podcast, which includes the complete transcript, definitions, sample sentences, additional cultural information - everything you want in the Learning Guide.
记得在我们的网页上浏览此次播客的学习向导，上面有完整的节目的文本，释义和样品，以及额外的文化背景信息——你所要的信息都在上面。
sample:样品
Someone says, "I want some time off" or, "I want some time off from work" - means they want to take a vacation or have a break from work or from whatever it is that you normally do.
当有说，" I want some time off"或是" I want some time off from work"，意为，想度假或是休息一点时间，依大家的情况而定。
have:有
The man who is getting married is called the bachelor, or an unmarried man, anyone who is not married who is a man can be called a bachelor.
快要结婚的单身叫Bachelor，或单身汉；任何没结婚的单身都可以叫做单身汉。
bachelor:单身
The man who is getting married is called the bachelor, or an unmarried man, anyone who is not married who is a man can be called a bachelor.
快要结婚的单身叫Bachelor，或单身汉；任何没结婚的单身都可以叫做单身汉。
bachelor:单身
Well, a bachelor party in this case is a party for a bachelor, who is going to get married.
那一个Bachelor Party就是指为快要结婚的单身单身举办的派对。
bachelor:单身
Well, a bachelor party in this case is a party for a bachelor, who is going to get married.
那一个Bachelor Party就是指为快要结婚的单身单身举办的派对。
bachelor:单身
And, traditionally there is a party, usually with just the men, the male friends of the bachelor, who will be called when he gets married, "the groom," is the man who is getting married.
根据传统，即将结婚的男士，即新郎通常会跟自己的单身朋友在一起并举行一个派对。
bachelor:单身
They can play cards and other games and win money, usually lose money, at least I do.
他们可以玩儿牌，或者其他的卡片来赢钱，通常是输钱，至少我是这样的。
cards:卡片
It’s a way of getting the attention of the other person.
’这是人谈话对象的一种方式。
person:人
So, that expression "the trouble was," I was scheduled, or I was supposed to, the plan was, I was to work that weekend.
"the trouble was,"这个表达的具体内容就是‘我被安排好了/我应该（根据预定的）在那个周末上班。’
scheduled:预定的
You want to make sure that you can watch all of the World Cup soccer games, so you take a month leave of absence.
你想观看世界杯足球，所以你请了一个月的事假。
soccer:足球
“To call in sick" means that you call your boss and you say, "Oh, I'm really sick. I can't go to work."
“To call in sick"意为呼叫你老板说，‘我病得厉害，不能工作。
call:呼叫
“To call in sick" means that you call your boss and you say, "Oh, I'm really sick. I can't go to work."
“To call in sick"意为呼叫你老板说，‘我病得厉害，不能工作。
call:呼叫
Another kind of leave is sick leave, and sick leave you can guess is time…the number of days you get where you can still get paid and you can call in sick.
另外还有病假——也就是你可以称病请假的日子，工资仍旧拿。同样，这也是根据公司政策而定。
still:仍旧
The idea is that have a lot of them, you keep having more and more and more.
意思是，你有有东西，经过累加，会越来越多。
have:有
To ask someone "straight out," two words, straight out, means to ask them directly, to just ask them without any other sort of excuses or any other plans, to be direct with someone.
"straight out地问别人指的是，直接问别人，不找借口或是其它的理由，直接地坦率地跟直线说。
straight:直线
To ask someone "straight out," two words, straight out, means to ask them directly, to just ask them without any other sort of excuses or any other plans, to be direct with someone.
"straight out地问别人指的是，直接问别人，不找借口或是其它的理由，直接地坦率地跟直线说。
straight:直线
To ask someone "straight out," two words, straight out, means to ask them directly, to just ask them without any other sort of excuses or any other plans, to be direct with someone.
"straight out地问别人指的是，直接问别人，不找借口或是其它的理由，直接地坦率地跟某人直接。
direct:直接
The "guys" here means my men, my male friends, the men who are friends with me.
Guys在此处指的是我的男人们朋友。
guys:男人们
The word "guys" can sometimes mean both men and women, boys and girls.
Guys有时候可同时指男生或女生，男人们或女士。
guys:男人们
You can say, "OK, you guys," especially with the word "you." "You guys" means informally, men and women.
大家可以说，‘Okay,伙计们’，特别是跟You一起用的时候，You Guys在非正式情况下，通指男人们。
guys:男人们
You can say, "OK, you guys," especially with the word "you." "You guys" means informally, men and women.
大家可以说，‘Okay,伙计们’，特别是跟You一起用的时候，You Guys在非正式情况下，通指男人们。
guys:男人们
But, if you say "the guys" or "the girls," - "I'm going out with the guys tonight." - that means my male friends.
但是，如果是说" the guys"或" the girls,"——我今晚和朋友们一块出去——此处指男人们朋友。
guys:男人们
But, if you say "the guys" or "the girls," - "I'm going out with the guys tonight." - that means my male friends.
但是，如果是说" the guys"或" the girls,"——我今晚和朋友们一块出去——此处指男人们朋友。
guys:男人们
American and European officials say Iran may be serious about returning to talks about its nuclear program.
美国和欧洲官员表示，伊朗可能会慎重考虑重返谈判桌，谈话其核计划。
talks:谈话
CATHERINE ASHTON: "There is a potential possibility that Iran may be ready to start talks.
凯瑟琳·阿什顿：“伊朗或许准备好了开始谈判，这有潜在的潜力。
potential:潜力
But in return, he said, the international community must respect Iran's right to peaceful nuclear energy.
但他尊重，作为交换，国际社会必须尊重伊朗和平利用核能的权力。
respect:尊重
The government has long said that Taliban chief Mullah Omar and other leaders are hiding in Pakistan.
政府一直说塔利班首领奥马尔和其它酋长藏在巴基斯坦。
chief:酋长
So you could say: 'It is pointless to try and effect a chance in policy now'.
Effect有种更也就是说，你可以这样用“现在想尝试在政策上找到什么说是没意义的。”
say:说
I don't care, I was really beginning to enjoy myself in the mud, and I'm sure my skin feels softer.
管他呢，我还真的开始有点享受在泥的感觉了呢，我敢肯定我的皮肤有点柔软了。
mud:泥
“To recommend” means here the same as to suggest.
“To recommend”是建议的意思，和建议同义。
recommend:建议
Usually, there's a main office, a large office, and then there are smaller offices, smaller parts of the bank in different parts of the city, and so a branch of a bank is usually one office of a very large bank that has many offices.
通常来说，会有总公司/总行——较大的营业厅，还会有较小一点的办公在那儿分布在城市的不同地方。所以一个银行Branch就是指隶属于总行的小分行。
there:在那儿
Usually, there's a main office, a large office, and then there are smaller offices, smaller parts of the bank in different parts of the city, and so a branch of a bank is usually one office of a very large bank that has many offices.
通常来说，会有总公司/总行——较大的营业厅，还会有较小一点的办公在那儿分布在城市的不同地方。所以一个银行Branch就是指隶属于总行的小分行。
there:在那儿
Well, Sandra says she wants “a mix of both,” meaning she wants some small bills and some large bills.
Sandra说她两种都要一些，即大面额的都要一点。
large:大
“Change,” again when we are talking about money, means coins – not paper money, not the bills, but individual coins, such as a penny or a nickel or a dime.
同样的,在谈到钱的时候，Change指的是钱币——而不是纸币，指的是单独的钱币，例如一分，或是五分镍币或是十分钱的钱币。
dime:钱币
“To count out,” two words, is when you are giving money to someone else and you are telling them how much it is as you give it to them.
“To count out,”两个单词，指的是，在计数钱的时候一边计数一边告知对方你给了ta多少。
count:计数
So, you're giving someone 20 dollars, you say, “Okay, five, ten, 15, 20,” you give them four five dollar bills and you count it as you give it to them.
例如，你给别人20刀，你会说，‘喏，5，10，15，20块就在这里啦。’你给别人四张五美金，一边计数一边给。
count:计数
Notice we use the plural here, 20’s; it means 20 dollar bills; “150 dollars in tens,” ten dollar bills; “45 dollars in fives,” five dollar bills; “and ones,” one dollar bills.
注意，这里我们用了20美金的复数复数20' s——即一堆20美金的钞票；150美金为10刀的_“——即一堆10刀的钞票；45美金为5刀的——即一堆总额为45美金的5美金钞票；以及面额为一美元的钞票。
plural:复数
A “dime” is ten cents, a “nickel” is five cents and, of course, we also have a one cent coin, which we call the “penny,”
一个Dime是10美分，一个Nickle是5美分，同时我们还有一分的钱币，通常被叫做penny,分。
dime:钱币
In his seven years as Republican governor, Mitch Daniels's response has been to offer a strong diet of pro-business legislation.
七年州长，共和党人米奇·丹尼尔斯的回应姿态是大力贯彻对商务有利的立法。
business:商务
In the past few years Indiana has cut its corporate tax rate by nearly 25%, established one of the highest R&D tax credits in the country and started work on a $10 billion infrastructure-improvement plan.
该州在过去的岁月里对公司减税接近25%，建立了企业R & D税收抵免站点，这样的站点在美国还有很多；还已建立的了计划100 亿美元的基础实施整修工作。
established:已建立的
Unions counter they face a “free rider” problem whereby non-affiliated workers receive the benefits of union negotiations without contributing financially.
工会反驳道，他们面临着“无本获利”的难题，在这样的背景下，非直属工会的员工，就可以从工会谈判接受利益，而不掏一分钱。
receive:接受
The governor, meanwhile, says the new laws will simply make the state more attractive to business.
同时州长丹尼尔斯说新法只会让印州吸引更多的商务。
business:商务
This group says that somewhere between a quarter to a half of companies in the state planning to relocate insist upon going to RTW states.
该公司说，在印州1/ 4到1/ 2计划搬迁的公司中，某公司坚持要将其公司某处搬到通过了RTW的州中。
somewhere:某处
This group says that somewhere between a quarter to a half of companies in the state planning to relocate insist upon going to RTW states.
该公司说，在印州1/ 4到1/ 2计划迁移迁的公司中，某公司坚持要将其公司所在地迁移到通过了RTW的州中。
relocate:迁移
Few companies, though, are willing to go on the record to say exactly why they prefer to locate in RTW states though the reason is pretty obvious—in a nutshell, they make for weaker unions.
然而至于准确说出为什么他们更愿意搬迁到通过了RTW的州，虽然为什么?显而易见---简言之，他们这样做，是为了弱化工会---没有公司愿意始作俑者。
why:为什么?
However, Remy International, an electrical-engineering company based in Pendleton, Indiana, has stated that it plans to build another factory in America some time next year: but that in the absence of RTW legislation it will not build it in Indiana.
然而，位于该州彭德尔顿的电它公司雷米国际（Remy International）已经声明，该公司计划在明年某个时间国内在建一座工厂：但为了逃避RTW法案，该公司不会将新厂建在印州。
it:它
However, Remy International, an electrical-engineering company based in Pendleton, Indiana, has stated that it plans to build another factory in America some time next year: but that in the absence of RTW legislation it will not build it in Indiana.
然而，位于该州彭德尔顿的电它公司雷米国际（Remy International）已经声明，该公司计划在明年某个时间国内在建一座工厂：但为了逃避RTW法案，该公司不会将新厂建在印州。
it:它
However, Remy International, an electrical-engineering company based in Pendleton, Indiana, has stated that it plans to build another factory in America some time next year: but that in the absence of RTW legislation it will not build it in Indiana.
然而，位于该州彭德尔顿的电它公司雷米国际（Remy International）已经声明，该公司计划在明年某个时间国内在建一座工厂：但为了逃避RTW法案，该公司不会将新厂建在印州。
it:它
In an interview with Stateline, a news service that looks at trends in state policy, a vice-president of Remy, Jay Pittas, argued that RTW legislation makes it easier to negotiate flexible work rules, and means that unions are more likely to agree to a merit-based system of employment rather than a one based on seniority.
在一次由观察州政策动态的新闻服务机构Stateline进行的采访中，雷米副总裁jay Pittas说，RTW法案让员工更加容易的把灵活的服务制度摆到谈判桌上来，RTW立法的存在就意味着工会更有可能会认同以绩效工资为基准的体系，而不会去认同员工资历体系。
service:服务
In an interview with Stateline, a news service that looks at trends in state policy, a vice-president of Remy, Jay Pittas, argued that RTW legislation makes it easier to negotiate flexible work rules, and means that unions are more likely to agree to a merit-based system of employment rather than a one based on seniority.
在一次由观察就业政策动态的新闻服务机构Stateline进行的采访中，雷米副总裁jay Pittas说，RTW法案让员工更加容易的把灵活的工作制度摆到谈判桌上来，RTW立法的存在就意味着工会更有可能会认同以绩效工资为基准的体系，而不会去认同员工资历体系。
employment:就业
In one part of the building, Abbott, an American firm, is developinggeneric drugs—a privilege it won when it bought the copycat business of Piramal, an Indian firm, for $3.7 billion in 2010.
该公司于2010年以37 亿美元收购了印度制药公司皮拉马尔（Piramal）旗下的品牌仿制药坚固，因而拥有了生产仿制药的特权。
firm:坚固
In one part of the building, Abbott, an American firm, is developinggeneric drugs—a privilege it won when it bought the copycat business of Piramal, an Indian firm, for $3.7 billion in 2010.
该公司于2010年以37 亿美元收购了印度制药公司皮拉马尔（Piramal）旗下的品牌仿制药坚固，因而拥有了生产仿制药的特权。
firm:坚固
Sanofi-Aventis, a French giant, has become the biggest producer of generic drugs in Latin America after its purchase in 2010 of Medley, a Brazilian firm.
法国医药巨头赛诺菲安万特公司在2010年购买巴西公司Medley之后一跃成为拉美地区最大的仿制药生产企业。
purchase:购买
Felicia Grasso opened her cupcake store Sophie Sophia two months ago in Jersey city.
费利西亚•格拉索两个月前在泽西城开设了一家纸杯蛋糕。
cupcake:蛋糕
"FedEx delivers to the property, UPS is delivering; the service companies -- the window washer that’s there every day, the air conditioner repair people, the doormen that are in the building," he says, adding that he secured a loan to develop Hamilton Square before the 2008 financial crisis.
他说：“联邦快递( FedEx)来这里运送物品，联合包裹服务公司( UPS)也来运送物品，服务类公司--比如窗户清洁服务人员每天都在这里服务，还有空调维修员和门卫也在这栋楼里服务。”
service:服务
Business owners are borrowing carefully, he says, noting continued concerns about high U.S. unemployment and economic uncertainty overseas.
斯托瓦尔注意，企业主在小心谨慎的申请贷款。他指出，美国的失业率很高以及海外经济的不确定性依然令人担忧。
noting:注意
But even for those consumers who remain extra cautious, seeking only a small reward, proprietors like Grasso are well positioned to deliver.
”费利西亚•格拉索看来留下很好地招待谨慎的消费者，让消费者感受到小小的惬意。
remain:留下
U.S. employment and retail sales improved slightly in January, an uptick in which Felicia Grasso’s cupcakes played a small -- and customers might say tasty -- role.
”1月份美国的就业状况和零售销售略微改善，费利西亚•格拉索的纸杯蛋糕在其中也作出了小小的贡献，她的顾客可能会说，很好吃！
cupcakes:蛋糕
I don’t need the government to tell me how should I use my sexual activity.”
“活动一个女人，我觉得这个政策侮辱了我，我不是政策的工具，不需要政府来告诉我怎么过性生活。
activity:活动
The employer should not be able to determine that no matter your religion, creed, anything like that.”
无论你的宗教信仰和信仰是什么，雇主都不应该有这个决定权。”
creed:信仰
A labor group has begun investigating working conditions at the Chinese factories where many Apple products are made.
一家劳工组织已经开始对中国的苹果产品制造商的调查条件展开调查。
investigating:调查
The New York Times reported that employees sometimes worked seven days a week.
该报纸表示，一些雇员由于站立时间太久而导致行走不便。
employees:雇员
Widespread criticism of Apple followed publication of the report.
马克·希尔兹发起了一场要求改善工人出版条件的运动。
publication:出版
MARK SHIELDS: "Workers lives are really hard and really severe, and there's terrible stories about people losing the use of their hands because of horrible repetitive motion injuries, and suicide rates that are so high that they have got to hang nets off the sides of the buildings to prevent workers from killing themselves."
令人震惊的是，由于可怕的重复性运动损伤，一些工人的手都不能正常使用了。由于工人自杀率如此之高，所以工厂只能在建筑物外侧挂上船只以防止工人自杀。
SHIELDS:船只
Professor Cornell says even Apple's own reports noted issues at some of its factories.
康奈尔教授已注意到，苹果公司自己的报告也提到了一些制造工厂的问题。
noted:已注意到
It was the company's third pay raise since twenty-ten.
这是该公司自2010年以来的第三次提高。
raise:提高
I live in Los Angeles; they live in St. Paul/Minneapolis area of the state of Minnesota, so when they visit and stay here, we say they are in town.
我住在洛城，他们住在明尼苏达州的圣.保罗或是明尼阿波利斯地区，所以我们把他们来我这里做客叫做they 活 in town（他们进城了）。
live:活
I live in Los Angeles; they live in St. Paul/Minneapolis area of the state of Minnesota, so when they visit and stay here, we say they are in town.
我住在洛城，他们住在明尼苏达州的圣.保罗或是明尼阿波利斯地区，所以我们把他们来我这里做客叫做they 活 in town（他们进城了）。
live:活
So, a shuttle can take you from a parking lot to the airport, or it could take you from one side of a university campus to another side of a college or university campus.
小巴士可以把你从停车场载到机场，或者可以大学校园的一侧载到另一侧。
airport:机场
A parade, “parade,” is when you have people who walk down the street; usually they are dressed to look like someone.
parade，游行，指的是大街上通常化妆成有人的一群人的游行。
have:有
These included the times of highest and lowest fertility.
其中包括在最易怀孕和最不易怀孕的时间内录制的声音。
times:时间
The men had a twenty-five percent chance of guessing which recordings were made during menstruation.
这些男生猜出月经期间声音的机会有25%。
chance:机会
He points out that in other primates, it is often easy to recognize when females are most fertile.
他指出，在其它灵长类雌性中，往往很容易辨认出雌性的发情期。
females:雌性
Dr. Pipitone says evolution may have reduced the effects in humans in order to support relationships with just one partner.
Pipitone博士表示，为了支持单配偶关系，进化减少了荷尔蒙对人类的影响。
reduced:减少
NATHAN PIPITONE: "I think this reflects the shift in the minimization of these cues across the menstrual cycle to lead to one of our most prominent mating strategies -- monogamy.
NATHAN PIPITONE:“我认为这表明女性月经周期对异性的影响变小了，从而推动了人类最重要的单性婚姻策略—一夫一妻制。
monogamy:单性婚姻
Steve said that the proposal would need to show revenue projections for the first five years, and that I should give an estimate of gross sales for that same period.
Steve说要能够预测头五年的销售，同样的要预测一下在这五年里总共能有多少销售量。
sales:销售
The word, revolution, as a noun, is when there is a complete or radical change, often in the way that a government is run, but we also use the term for any big or major change in something we can use that term, revolution; well, this is the verb, to revolutionize.
revolution是个名词，指的是某种彻底和激烈的变革，通常是政府变革，但是有时候我们也用这个词来形容比较大的革命。revolutionize是这个词的动词形式。
revolution:革命
The word, revolution, as a noun, is when there is a complete or radical change, often in the way that a government is run, but we also use the term for any big or major change in something we can use that term, revolution; well, this is the verb, to revolutionize.
revolution是个名期限，指的是某种彻底和激烈的变革，通常是政府变革，但是有时候我们也用这个期限来形容比较大的变化。revolutionize是这个期限的动期限形式。
term:期限
The word, revolution, as a noun, is when there is a complete or radical change, often in the way that a government is run, but we also use the term for any big or major change in something we can use that term, revolution; well, this is the verb, to revolutionize.
revolution是个名期限，指的是某种彻底和激烈的变革，通常是政府变革，但是有时候我们也用这个期限来形容比较大的变化。revolutionize是这个期限的动期限形式。
term:期限
The word, revolution, as a noun, is when there is a complete or radical change, often in the way that a government is run, but we also use the term for any big or major change in something we can use that term, revolution; well, this is the verb, to revolutionize.
revolution是个名词，指的是某种彻底和激烈的变革，通常是政府变革，但是有时候我们也用这个词来形容比较大的革命。revolutionize是这个词的动词形式。
revolution:革命
The word, revolution, as a noun, is when there is a complete or radical change, often in the way that a government is run, but we also use the term for any big or major change in something we can use that term, revolution; well, this is the verb, to revolutionize.
revolution是个名词，指的是某种彻底和激烈的变革，通常是政府变革，但是有时候我们也用这个词来形容比较大的革命。revolutionize是这个词的动词形式。
revolutionize:革命
Well, I am trying to “revolutionize the way people sell their goods,” their products would be another term, “on the Internet.
我正尝试着“改革人们在网上出售产品的方式”，products是产品的另外一种叫法。
products:产品
The term, business model, “model,” means the way that you are going to be able to make money: how are you going to make money on something, who are you going to sell your product, your good or your service to and how will you do that; that is your business model - how you will make money.
business model这个期限，指的是你的盈利方式；你怎样利用某种东西来赚钱，你会把商品/产品/服务卖给谁，怎样卖；这就是经营模式——即赚钱的方式。
term:期限
The term, business model, “model,” means the way that you are going to be able to make money: how are you going to make money on something, who are you going to sell your product, your good or your service to and how will you do that; that is your business model - how you will make money.
business model这个词，指的是你的盈利方式；你怎样利用某种东西来赚钱，你会把产品/产品/服务卖给谁，怎样卖；这就是经营模式——即赚钱的方式。
product:产品
When we say a company is in the black, we mean they are making money; they are taking in more money than they are spending, or what we would call a profit, “profit.”
说一个公司in the black,指的是，公司开始盈利；公司的利润大于支出，也就是我们所谓的profit,利润。
profit:利润
When we say a company is in the black, we mean they are making money; they are taking in more money than they are spending, or what we would call a profit, “profit.”
说一个公司in the black,指的是，公司开始盈利；公司的利润大于支出，也就是我们所谓的profit,利润。
profit:利润
Well, revenue, “revenue,” is another word for the money that you get - that people give you for your product or service, that's your revenue.
revenue是收入的另一种说法，就是你从购买你产品或是服务的人手里挣得的钱，也就是Revenue。
product:产品
Expenses, “expenses,” is the money that you have to spend - to give other people to make your product, or to run your service business.
Expenses，是你花出去的钱，也就是你要给别人钱去生产你的产品，或是实际操作你经营的软性服务。
product:产品
My proposal has to have “revenue projections for the first five years,” of my business and I also need an estimate of the gross sales for that period.
我的企划案里必须包括公司头五年的销售预测，同时我还得大概估算一下同一时期的总销售量。
sales:销售
Your gross, “gross,” sales, “sales,” is the amount of your product or your service that you sell, not including the refunds or other returns that people might have.
Gross Sale指的是你的产品或是服务的总销售量，并不包括退款或者其它退货的情况。
product:产品
Your gross, “gross,” sales, “sales,” is the amount of your product or your service that you sell, not including the refunds or other returns that people might have.
Gross Sale指的是你的商品或是服务的总出售，并不包括退款或者其它退货的情况。
sell:出售
So, for example, if I am selling ten staplers, and I sell ten and I make 100 dollars, that would be my gross sales.
例如，如果我卖出去十部订书机，总共买了100美金，这就是总出售了。
sell:出售
A target, “target,” market, “market,” are the customers that you are going to sell your goods and services to.
Target Market指的是你想要出售你的商品和服务的人群。
sell:出售
A market here just means the people who will buy your product.
这里的Market指的是会买你产品的人群。
product:产品
A buyer, “buyer,” is someone who buys; it's a noun for someone who buys your product or service.
Buyer指的是买家，是名词，用来称呼购买产品或是服务的人。
product:产品
A potential buyer, “potential,” is someone who might buy your product, but they haven't bought it yet.
Potential Buyer指的是可能会买你产品但是还没有买的那些人，潜在的买家。
product:产品
So, an advantage here means something that will help you be better than other people, and competitive advantage means that you will be able to sell more, for example, of your product if you buy my service.
advantage指的是，优势，能让你做得比别人更优秀的一种优势。而Competitive advantage指的是，如果你购买我的产品或是服务，你的出售会更大。
sell:出售
So, an advantage here means something that will help you be better than other people, and competitive advantage means that you will be able to sell more, for example, of your product if you buy my service.
advantage指的是，优势，能让你做得比别人更优秀的一种优势。而Competitive advantage指的是，如果你买我的产品或是服务，你的销售量会更大。
buy:买
The expression, to be well on your way, means that you will have made significant progress; you will be very close to your goal or your objective - what you are trying to do.
to be well on your way这个短语的意思是，取得很大的进步，势头良好；你正在越来越接近你的目的。
objective:目的
That way, the trend that the company is following is clear.
那样的话，公司的发展趋势就很清楚明了。
trend:趋势
Then, I think it’s fine to use it during that part of the talk.
那，这样的话在这一部分用使用挂图是没有问题的。
use:使用
In the old days, back before we had computers, one of the more popular ways to show things was to have a slide projector.
在老没有电脑的时候，人们更多的是用幻灯机来播放幻灯片。
old:老
The pie is cut into sections; the sections, or the pieces of the pie represent a certain percentage, usually.
馅饼被切成很多切断——通常，馅饼的每个section（切断）或者是馅饼的每一片（piece）都代表着一定的百分比。
cut:切断
The pie is cut into sections; the sections, or the pieces of the pie represent a certain percentage, usually.
馅饼被切成很多碎片——通常，馅饼的每个section（碎片）或者是馅饼的每一片（piece）都代表着一定的百分比。
pieces:碎片
The pie is cut into sections; the sections, or the pieces of the pie represent a certain percentage, usually.
馅饼代表切成很多部分——通常，馅饼的每个section（部分）或者是馅饼的每一片（piece）都代表着一定的百分比。
represent:代表
So, a bar graph helps show how much you have of something.
也就是说，柱形图可以展示你对有东西的拥有量。
have:有
When we say it represents something, we mean that it stands for, or it is supposed to show you how much of something there is.
说什么Represent某物，意为，代表——Stand For，或者它代表用来代表什么东西所占有多少分量。
represents:代表
Milo explains that on a pie chart “each slice of the pie represents a percentage of the business.”
Milo解释说，饼形图中，每个切片代表着公司每个业务的百分比。
slice:切片
A slice, “slice,” of the pie is a...same as a piece of a pie.
Slice，饼形图的每一份，每一瓣，是饼形图的切片。
slice:切片
A slice, “slice,” of the pie is a...same as a piece of a pie.
Slice，饼形图的每一份，每一瓣，是饼形图的切片。
slice:切片
A slice, “slice,” of the pie is a...same as a piece of a pie.
Slice，饼形图的每一份，每一瓣，是饼形图的片子。
piece:片子
So for example, you can have a slice of pizza – pizza is usually round – and a slice would be something that looks like a triangle with a round base – a round end, and we use that word for pies as well.
同时Pie的切片也叫做A Slice。因为这是个馅饼图，所以我们用Slice来形容这个Pie的切片。
slice:切片
So for example, you can have a slice of pizza – pizza is usually round – and a slice would be something that looks like a triangle with a round base – a round end, and we use that word for pies as well.
同时Pie的切片也叫做A Slice。因为这是个馅饼图，所以我们用Slice来形容这个Pie的切片。
slice:切片
Is the company getting better, or is the company getting worse?
公司在越来越更好呢，还是每况愈下？
better:更好
Usually it’s sitting on a stand, “stand,” – a tripod stand – you can write on it, so that people can see it, with a marker or pen. You can write notes and information for the people who are listening to you so they can see it.
活动挂图通常情况下会有一个三脚（脚架），通常是三脚架，可以用彩色笔或是钢笔在挂图上面写字，人们可以看到，可以在上面写笔记，信息以供听众观看。
tripod:三脚
He suggests to Rosa that she can use the flip chart during the second half of her talk.
他建议Rosa在第二部分中用使用挂图。
use:使用
When we say that someone is going to treat, “treat,” you to lunch, we mean they’re going to pay, and Milo is saying you don’t have to pay for my lunch, but I will be happy to have lunch with you.
我们说有要Treat you to lunch，是说他们准备好要付钱，Milo说，你不必为我的午餐付钱，但是我倒是想跟你一起吃饭。
have:有
When we say that someone is going to treat, “treat,” you to lunch, we mean they’re going to pay, and Milo is saying you don’t have to pay for my lunch, but I will be happy to have lunch with you.
我们说有要Treat you to lunch，是说他们准备好要付钱，Milo说，你不必为我的午餐付钱，但是我倒是想跟你一起吃饭。
have:有
EVEN people who don’t normally care much for footballtune in to the Super Bowl to watch the best commercials Madison Avenue can dream up.
超级碗开始时，就连平时不关注橄榄球的人们也纷纷转台，观看比赛间隙美国广告界独运匠心的照顾。
care:照顾
EVEN people who don’t normally care much for footballtune in to the Super Bowl to watch the best commercials Madison Avenue can dream up.
超级碗开始时，就连平时不关注橄榄球的人们也纷纷转台，观看比赛间隙美国广告独运匠心的作品。
commercials:广告
The muscular patriotism brought lumps to the throats of sentimental viewers; the more cynically minded called it a re-election ad for Barack Obama, whose administration saved Chrysler from oblivion with a bail out in 2009.
”广告中流露的熊熊爱国心使不少感性观众哽咽欲泣；相比之下，持怀疑态度的人则认为这是贝拉克奥巴马的连任竞选广告，因为2009年奥巴马政府以紧急资助资金从遗忘中保存了克莱斯勒。
saved:保存
Then on February 3rd the government reported that non-farm employment jumped 243,000 in January, or 0.2%, from December, the best in nine months, led by manufacturers, who boosted payrolls by 50,000.
另外，二月三日政府那么，非农业就业人数一月份激增二十四万三千人，较十二月增长0.2%，为九个月以来最佳纪录，当然应归功于猛增五万编制雇员的制造业。
Then:那么
When fewer people want to work, fewer are counted as unemployed.
想计数工作的人越少，失业的人数也就越少。
counted:计数
That “deleveraging” has further to go, but seems to have slowed as rock-bottom interest rates coax consumers to indulge some of their pent-up demand for homes and cars.
尽管降低债务杠杆还有很长的路要走，但至少借款已经慢下来，与此同时，低至谷底的银行利率也诱惑消费者暂时满足下他们对住房及汽车压抑已久的购买欲。
slowed:慢下来
Productivity growth, which topped 6% in the wake of the recession, slowed to just 0.5% in the fourth quarter (from a year earlier).
即使生产效率一度在经济衰退后以6%的速度增长，去年第四季度也慢下来到了0.5%。
slowed:慢下来
That the great majority of gang homicides involve a firearm and took place in public suggests that inter-gang conflict and retaliation (perhaps territory disputes, personal beefs or just defending reputations) as the main causes of killings.
大量的帮会谋杀中都使用了火炮，并发生在公共场合，这说明帮会内部争斗和恩怨情仇（比如地盘纠纷，个人恩怨或只是为了维护名声）成了帮会杀戮的主要原因。
firearm:火炮
"I would say that indigenous people are particularly vulnerable to climate change impacts because of their close relationship with the local environment and ecosystems and also their dependence on those local ecosystems for their livelihood, as well as a lot of complex and interrelated social issues and inequities and inequalities."
“我认为原著居民很容易相互关联气候变化影响,因为他们与当地环境，生态系统的紧密联系以及他们的生计对于当地生态系统依赖，而且涉及大量的复杂和相关社会问题及各种不公与不平等。”
interrelated:相互关联
"I would say that indigenous people are particularly vulnerable to climate change impacts because of their close relationship with the local environment and ecosystems and also their dependence on those local ecosystems for their livelihood, as well as a lot of complex and interrelated social issues and inequities and inequalities."
“我认为原著居民很容易被气候变化影响,因为他们与当地环境，生态系统的紧密联系以及他们的生计对于当地生态系统依赖，而且涉及大量的复杂和相关社会问题及各种不平等与不平等。”
inequities:不平等
Now,climate change scenarios are predicting we're going to see more of these periods of heavy rainfall more frequently,longer duration and more intense instances.
现在,气候变化状况预示我们这些强降雨持续时间将会更加频繁,持续时间更长且更强烈。
duration:持续时间
One of the ideas being considered to help the Batwa is to set up a community radio station broadcasting in the local language.
其中一个帮助博特瓦人的考虑是建立一个当地语言的社区电台广播。
considered:考虑
The Ugandan government relocated them from their forest homeland to make a national park to protect silverback gorillas.
”乌干达政府将他们重新安置在祖国公园中保护银背大猩猩。
homeland:祖国
The Ugandan government relocated them from their forest homeland to make a national park to protect silverback gorillas.
”乌干达政府将他们重新安置在国家公园中保护银背银背。
silverback:银背
The Indigenous Health Adaptation to Climate Change Project is in its initial data-gathering stage.
原著民适应气候变化项目正在初始资料数据阶段。
data:数据
Outside the New Hope Baptist Church in Newark, fans and friends left messages, flowers and other outpourings to say "goodbye" and ‘thank you ’to the star.
在新希望浸洗教堂的外面，歌迷和朋友们留下了文字信息，鲜花以及其它祭奠物来感激和再见巨星。
goodbye:再见
Scribbled notes said her voice had brought goose bumps and that her greatness will always be remembered.
一些字条上克里布尔德着这位巨星的声音让人叹为观止，她的过人之处将会被人们永久铭记。
Scribbled:克里布尔德
Houston sang as a child at the church, (MUSIC) and it's where her private funeral will be held on Saturday.
休斯敦大小就在这个教堂唱歌，音乐她的丧葬葬礼也会在这里举行。
funeral:葬礼
It's never easy and it's not easy when it's someone you know, that you respected and that you admired," she said.
这是艰难的告别，特别是面对一个你熟悉赞赏和爱戴的人。”
admired:赞赏
Gregory Whittle came to the school to pay his respects.
Gregory Whittle来了学校表达了敬意。
came:来了
You could start a sewing business at home if you had a better sewing machine and a little money to advertise.
如果你有一台较更好的缝纫机，有点资金做广告，你就可以在家做缝纫生意。
better:更好
In recent times, many people in similar situations have received loans from student microfinance groups.
最近，很多存在类似情况的人们收到的了学生小额信贷组织的贷款。
received:收到的
Such groups make small loans for business or personal use.
这类组织为商务或个人提供小额贷款。
business:商务
But as time passed, the group started helping people in Iowa.
但随着时间的已通过，该组织开始将援手伸向爱荷华州的人。
passed:已通过
They also include difficulty moving or keeping balanced while walking or standing.
还包括在行走或站立时会出现移动困难或失去平衡的站立。
standing:站立
All the people were asked about their use of pesticides, chemical fluids and metals like iron.
他们询问了参与该研究的所有人有关农药、化学液体和铁一类铁的使用情况。
iron:铁
Its goal is to identify one or more biological signs of the disease in Parkinson's patients.
它旨在通过帕金森病患者辨识这种疾病的一种或多种生物迹象。
identify:辨识
When this happens, the messages give misinformation to the body.
这样一来，这些区域就会给身体传输错误的错误信息。
misinformation:错误信息
They found that the physical condition of Parkinson's patients often improves after they receive deep brain stimulation.
他们发现，在接受脑部深层刺激手术后，帕金森病患者的身体状况通常会接受改善。
receive:接受
The idea we have with ‘in' is of a position inside an area or inside a three-dimensional space.
用In会暗含这样的意思：假如我们说的是一个室内的或是三维的空间里的有一点，我们就用In。
have:有
Police fired tear gas at demonstrators who hurled stones, petrol bombs and flares.
游行者向警察闪烁石块、汽油弹和火把，警察不得不动用催泪弹。
hurled:闪烁
In reality, the bailout package is likely to pass because the coalition commands a large majority of MPs inside the parliamentary chamber, so even if there is a rebellion of sorts, it will probably still win the majority approval.
实际上这份援助方案通过的可能性很大，因为联盟政府控制了议会中的多数议员，所以即使有人表示反对，最终还是会赢得多数批准。
approval:批准
The statement called for the opening of communications and the financing of the Syrian opposition.
声明呼吁开启对话，并对叙利亚反对派提供融资支持。
financing:融资
It also called for a peacekeeping force approved by the UN to supervise a ceasefire, but without detailing the kind of force the Arab League had in mind. Perhaps they couldn't agree on that.
并呼吁联合国批准组建维和部队以监督停火维持和平，但并没有详陈欲组建军队的性质，或许他们在这一点上还没有达成一致意见。
peacekeeping:维持和平
The pre-tournament favourites Ivory Coast are playing Zambia. With some 10 minutes to go, the score was still 0-0. The Ivorian striker Didier Drogba has missed a penalty. Both sides are competing in their third final.
赛前热门球队科特迪瓦与赞比亚对决，锦标赛还剩10分钟左右，比分仍是0 ：0，科特迪瓦前锋Didier Drogba射失了一个点球，双方将角逐于第三轮决赛中。
tournament:锦标赛
The pre-tournament favourites Ivory Coast are playing Zambia. With some 10 minutes to go, the score was still 0-0. The Ivorian striker Didier Drogba has missed a penalty. Both sides are competing in their third final.
赛前热门球队科特迪瓦与赞比亚对决，最喜欢的还剩10分钟左右，比分仍是0 ：0，科特迪瓦前锋Didier Drogba射失了一个点球，双方将角逐于第三轮决赛中。
favourites:最喜欢的
Ivory Coast won the tournament in 1992, but the Zambians have never taken the title.
科特迪瓦1992年曾夺冠，而赞比亚从未赢得过锦标赛。
tournament:锦标赛
This podcast is about a father and a daughter having a conversation, and it begins by the father asking his daughter, Caitlin, “Where have you been?” and you know from the way he says that that he's angry, he's mad.
播音机客是关于一对父女之间的谈话。对话以父亲责问女儿Caitlin开始：你上哪儿去了？大家可以从他说话的方式看住他很生气——he' s angry, he' s mad。
podcast:播音机
And Dad says, “Lost track of time,” as a question, meaning he doesn't really believe her, or he isn't very happy with her answer.
做爸爸的说道，“忘了时间？”他的意思是他不相信她，或者是他对她的回答不满意。
Dad:爸爸
You don't know what happened to the other person, you think something bad might have happened to them.
你不知道有发生了什么事情，你觉得他们肯定遇到什么不测了。
have:有
Dad says, “You were supposed to come straight home after school.”
爸爸说，你应该放学后径直回家。
Dad:爸爸
Dad says that Caitlin was “supposed to come straight home after school.”
爸爸说Caitlin应该放学后直接回家。
Dad:爸爸
So, if you tell someone “I'm going straight to the hospital” – that means I'm not going to stop at the store or at the post office and then go to the hospital.
那也就是说，假如你告诉直线，我直接去医院——你的言下之意，你不会在商店或是邮局停留一下再去医院。
straight:直线
There are lockers, and each student gets…or usually gets their own locker, they may have to share their locker.
有储物柜，每个学生都会有一个，通常是有专属，但是也可能共用。
have:有
You'll also find lockers at a gym, where you can put your clothes while you are exercising.
健身馆里也有储物柜，锻炼的同时可以放衣服。
while:同时
We only use that for high school or younger.
只会是高中或是高更低的才会这样叫。
high:高
Staying in school after the day ends is a pretty good punishment, though.
但是天黑了留住留校这种处罚也挺有效的了。
Staying:留住
Well, Dad says that Caitlin's story doesn't explain why she was late, doesn't say or give the reason why she was late.
嗯，爸爸说Caitlin所说的事情并不能解释她为什么回家晚了。
Dad:爸爸
An “excuse” is a reason why you did something, usually a reason why you did something wrong or something incorrectly.
excuse指的是你通常是你做了错事的为什么?/借口。
why:为什么?
An “excuse” is a reason why you did something, usually a reason why you did something wrong or something incorrectly.
excuse指的是你通常是你做了错事的为什么?/借口。
why:为什么?
“To hang around with (someone)” means to spend time with them as a friend.
hang around with( someone)指的是和朋友交朋友一起玩。
friend:朋友
Dad says, “Just wait until your mother hears about this.”
爸爸说，等着你妈妈知道这事儿就好了。
Dad:爸爸
Caitlin says none of her “friend’s parents are as strict as” her father is.
Caitlin说她的朋友们的父亲，谁都没有像她父亲这么严厉。
father:父亲
“To talk back” means that someone is, usually a child, is arguing with the parents and saying things that are not respectful of the parent, and that is to talk back.
“To talk back”的意思是，某人——通常是孩子跟家长争论，说些不尊敬家长的话，这就叫做——talk back，顶嘴。
arguing:争论
It's usually something we use with a child talking to the parent in a way that is not one that the parent likes. Finally, Dad says, “Go to your room.”
这通常是在孩子以一种家长不喜欢的口误最后，爸爸说，回到你的房间去！
Dad:爸爸
Even the bankers’ supposed allies are putting the boot in-and nowhere more so than in Britain.
即使那些应该是银行家盟友的人也在落井下石，这种现象以英国为最。
allies:盟友
Sir Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, has made a habit of lambasting the Square Mile’s short-term “profits next week” culture.
英格兰银行行长金默文爵士（Sir Mervyn King）已经养成了批评伦敦金融城“短期盈利”文化习惯的习惯。
habit:习惯
Yet the City is in danger (see article) from two sorts of threats-ones that you can do nothing much about, and ones that you can.
但当前金融城受到两方面的威胁，正处于威胁之中（见另文）。
threats:威胁
The rest are subject to majority vote, and Mr Cameron’s stand-off with his European partners last month-supposedly to protect the City, but really to avoid having to sell a more integrated Europe to Tory Eurosceptics-has now given London’s rivals the excuse to hamstring the City.
其他建议则要经多数决投票决定；而上个月，据说为了原谅金融城，但其实是要避免向保守党内的欧洲怀疑主义者兜售更为一体化的欧洲，卡梅伦疏远了他在欧盟的伙伴；这就让伦敦的竞争者有了压制金融城的借口。
excuse:原谅
As for immigration policy, the best way to win Asian business is to lure the young Asian financiers to London.
说到移民政策：赢得亚洲业务的最好方法是把年轻的亚洲金融业者诱人到伦敦来。
lure:诱人
It could be better. Begin with Europe, the weakest cog in the global engine. The euro zone has almost certainly already slipped into recession, which most forecasters expect to be short and shallow: a group of seers polled regularly by The Economist estimates that output will fall by 0.5% in 2012.
最近对全球制造业前景统计结果显示高于预期,驳斥了经济衰退说.美国的状况比预期的要更好.总的来说疲软,全球经济总量增长3%,达到2009年以来最低值,远远低于10年平均值.
better:更好
Look at Spain, where the new government revealed that the 2011 budget deficit would be worse than expected (8% of GDP rather than 6%) and immediately announced new spending cuts and tax increases to compensate (see article). If these contractionary forces feed on themselves, Europe’s downturn could be ghastly. The euro zone is thus the darkest shadow hanging over the world economy; but it is not the only one. Emerging markets may stumble. China’s economy is clearly cooling.
寄希望于此大错特错.欧元区经济前景不确定性使形势仍然很严峻,不仅因为政治家们更多的关注于预防未来肆意挥霍,而忽略了对四面楚歌的经济的扶持.要不是欧洲央行注入资金,各大银行似乎不情愿购买政府公债. 2012年头三个月,意大利和西班牙需要偿还1500 亿（1950 亿美元）欧元的债务,增加主权债务危机发生的可能性.经济缓慢增长导致恶性循环,会出现更严重的财政赤字和通货紧缩.看看西班牙吧,新一届政府透露, 2011年财政赤字状况比预期更加更糟,需要削减财政支出和增加税收,以填补这些财政空缺.如果这些紧缩的力量养活自己，欧洲的经济衰退很可严重。
worse:更糟
That is not because growth there will soar, but because expectations for the world’s biggest economy are so low. The consensus among professional forecasters is that America’s GDP will grow by 2% in 2012, below its underlying speed limit, and far too slow to bring the jobless rate down.
如果一定说有惊喜地话,这个惊喜很可能来自美国.不是因为美国经济会飞速增长,而是因为人们对这个世界经济大国的希望是如此渺茫.专业预测者们一致同意, 2012年美国GDP增加2%,低于全球经济最慢时候的数字,远不止于慢失业率.
slow:慢
The payroll-tax cut has only been extended for two months, ensuring that the rest of the year will be punctuated with fiscal skirmishes, even as nothing is done to deal with America’s medium-term fiscal mess, or to smooth the huge tax hikes and spending cuts that loom at the end of 2012 under current law.
在现形法律下，美国对于2012年底若隐若现的中期财政混乱，赋税顺利扩展，削减财政无所作为，即使工资税削减延长2个月，也不足抵挡财政冲突如约而至。
extended:扩展
Europeans do not need to compound the peripheral economies’ problems with even deeper austerity. A more calibrated approach with more financing and more structural reforms makes far more sense. Inept politicians have placed a big burden on central banks, which will have to take more unconventional measures, such as quantitative easing (see article). That will ease the agony, but it won’t make up for politicians’ mistakes. It looks like 2012 will be the year of self-induced sluggishness.
历史告诉我们,数年经济疲软时金融危机的后遗症.但目前的糟糕需要是不必要的.我们没有理由不对欧元区前景的需要和美国经济瘫痪有清醒认识.欧洲没有必要将边缘经济问题和通货紧缩混为一谈.用更精准态度的融资方法和结构改革还远远不够.无能的政客们给央行增加不小的负担,而央行不得不实施像宽松量化政策这样的非传统措施.这将减轻他们的煎熬,但却不能弥补政治家的过错.看来2012年是注定咎由自取的一年.﻿
need:需要
Europeans do not need to compound the peripheral economies’ problems with even deeper austerity. A more calibrated approach with more financing and more structural reforms makes far more sense. Inept politicians have placed a big burden on central banks, which will have to take more unconventional measures, such as quantitative easing (see article). That will ease the agony, but it won’t make up for politicians’ mistakes. It looks like 2012 will be the year of self-induced sluggishness.
历史告诉我们,数年经济疲软时金融危机的后遗症.但目前的糟糕状况是不必要的.我们没有理由不对欧元区前景的状况和美国经济瘫痪有感觉.欧洲没有必要将边缘经济问题和通货紧缩混为一谈.用更精准态度的融资方法和结构改革还远远不够.无能的政客们给央行增加不小的负担,而央行不得不实施像宽松量化政策这样的非传统措施.这将减轻他们的煎熬,但却不能弥补政治家的过错.看来2012年是注定咎由自取的一年.﻿
sense:感觉
Europeans do not need to compound the peripheral economies’ problems with even deeper austerity. A more calibrated approach with more financing and more structural reforms makes far more sense. Inept politicians have placed a big burden on central banks, which will have to take more unconventional measures, such as quantitative easing (see article). That will ease the agony, but it won’t make up for politicians’ mistakes. It looks like 2012 will be the year of self-induced sluggishness.
历史告诉我们,数年经济疲软时金融危机的后遗症.但目前的糟糕状况是不必要的.我们没有理由不对欧元区前景的状况和美国经济瘫痪有清醒认识.欧洲没有必要将边缘经济问题和通货紧缩混为一谈.用更精准态度的融资方法和结构改革还远远不够.无能的政客们给央行高不小的负担,而央行不得不实施像宽松量化政策这样的非传统措施.这将减轻他们的煎熬,但却不能弥补政治家的过错.看来2012年是注定咎由自取的一年.﻿
up:高
Europeans do not need to compound the peripheral economies’ problems with even deeper austerity. A more calibrated approach with more financing and more structural reforms makes far more sense. Inept politicians have placed a big burden on central banks, which will have to take more unconventional measures, such as quantitative easing (see article). That will ease the agony, but it won’t make up for politicians’ mistakes. It looks like 2012 will be the year of self-induced sluggishness.
历史告诉我们,数年经济疲软时金融危机的后遗症.但目前的糟糕状况是不必要的.我们没有理由不对欧元区前景的状况和美国经济瘫痪有自我.欧洲没有必要将边缘经济问题和通货紧缩混为一谈.用更精准态度的融资方法和结构改革还远远不够.无能的政客们给央行增加不小的负担,而央行不得不实施像宽松量化政策这样的非传统措施.这将减轻他们的煎熬,但却不能弥补政治家的过错.看来2012年是注定咎由自取的一年.﻿
self:自我
The awards, known as Oscars, are the American film industry's highest honors.
奥斯卡所颁发的这些奧斯卡獎是美国电影界的最高荣誉。
Oscars:奧斯卡獎
The awards, known as Oscars, are the American film industry's highest honors.
奥斯卡所颁发的这些奖项是美国电影界的最高奧斯卡獎。
Oscars:奧斯卡獎
"The Artist" received ten nominations, including best actor for its star, Jean DuJardin.
《艺术家》收到的了10项提名，出演该剧的演员让·杜雅尔丹收到的了最佳男主角提名。
received:收到的
Movies from five nations are competing for the Best Foreign Language Oscar this year.
来自五个不同国家的影片将角逐今年的奥斯卡最佳外语片奥斯卡。
Oscar:奥斯卡
Mr. Clooney was also nominated for his work on the screenplay for "The Ides of March."
克鲁尼先生还曾凭借剧本《三月伊德斯》获得提名。
Ides:伊德斯
Octavia Spencer received a best supporting actress nomination for her work in "The Help."
奥克塔维亚·斯宾瑟凭借影片《帮助》收到的女配角提名。
received:收到的
Finally, Jonathan Erland received a special medal for his service to the film industry.
最后，乔纳森·厄兰凭借他在电影行业的贡献收到的一个特殊奖章。
received:收到的
The killer murdered someone, not in self-defense, or because he was reacting to anger or fear.
这名杀手谋杀了杀人犯人，但不是出自自卫，也不是在愤怒或恐惧的情况下做出的反应。
killer:杀人犯
It is a person. But it is a person who is unfriendly, unemotional and shows no love or warmth.
Cold fish（冷漠的人）不是指鱼，而是指不友好、没爱、没爱心或热情的人。
love:爱
A person might say that everybody but him got a pay raise, that he was left out in the cold.
一个人可能会说，除了他之外，所有人都提高了。他被冷落了。
raise:提高
Republican Senator Marco Rubio echoed that message. "The leaders of these [Latin American] countries are playing with fire," Rubio said.
共和党议员Marco Rubio消息了同样的信息，“这些国家（拉美）的领导人是在玩儿火”，Rubio说。
message:消息
"To develop the capacity and capability to wreak havoc in Latin America and possibly the U.S. homeland, if the Iranian leadership views this as necessary to the survival of its nuclear program, and to develop and expand the ability to blunt international sanctions that are crippling the regime's economic life," Farah said.
Farah说，“他们想强化自己的能力来减弱核武器项目在拉美甚至是美国本土的影响——如果伊朗领导人认为和拉美国家的领导人为友是核武器项目得以存在的必要之举，以及增强自身能力来抵抗国际社会的制裁——粗鲁其经济能力。
blunt:粗鲁
"To develop the capacity and capability to wreak havoc in Latin America and possibly the U.S. homeland, if the Iranian leadership views this as necessary to the survival of its nuclear program, and to develop and expand the ability to blunt international sanctions that are crippling the regime's economic life," Farah said.
Farah说，“他们想强化自己的能力来减弱核武器项目在拉美甚至是美国本土的影响——如果伊朗领导人认为和拉美国家的领导人为友是核武器项目得以存在的必要之举，以及增强自身能力来抵抗国际社会的制裁——残疾其经济能力。
crippling:残疾
"To develop the capacity and capability to wreak havoc in Latin America and possibly the U.S. homeland, if the Iranian leadership views this as necessary to the survival of its nuclear program, and to develop and expand the ability to blunt international sanctions that are crippling the regime's economic life," Farah said.
Farah说，“他们想强化自己的能力来减弱核武器项目在拉美甚至是美国本土的影响——如果伊朗领导人认为和拉美国家的领导人为友是核武器项目得以生命的必要之举，以及增强自身能力来抵抗国际社会的制裁——削弱其经济能力。
life:生命
But Iranian plots in the hemisphere span decades and merit U.S. attention, according to Senator Rubio.
但是Rubio也说，伊朗在这个半球的阴谋已几十年之久，也美德美国密切关注。
merit:美德
But in the past we used it much more to talk about possible, desirable or imaginary situations.
但是在过去，我们更多的是在谈到某种可能性或是渴望以及幻想的过去，用虚拟语气。
past:过去
But in the past we used it much more to talk about possible, desirable or imaginary situations.
但是在过去，我们更多的是在谈到某种可能的或是渴望以及幻想的时候，用虚拟语气。
possible:可能的
Firstly, it is sometimes used in ‘that' clauses after certain words (e.g. suggest, recommend, advise, insist) to express the idea that something is necessary or important.
第一，我们有时候会在that从句中的某些单词后面用虚拟语气，如建议, recommend, advise, insist，来强调某事的必要性和重要性。
recommend:建议
Firstly, it is sometimes used in ‘that' clauses after certain words (e.g. suggest, recommend, advise, insist) to express the idea that something is necessary or important.
第一，我们有时候会在that从句中的某些单词后面用虚拟语气，如suggest, recommend, 建议, insist，来强调某事的必要性和重要性。
recommend:建议
At a briefing in Washington, the US State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the announcements didn't amount too much.
在华盛顿的一场简明记者会上，美国国务院女发言人Victoria Nuland声称称伊朗的通知书并不会产生什么影响。
announcements:通知书
The Iranians have for many months been putting out calendars of accomplishments, and based on their own calendars, they are many, many months behind.
伊朗政府数月来一直在设定研究目标，根据这些日程，他们远落后与其日历进度。
calendars:日历
The Iranians have for many months been putting out calendars of accomplishments, and based on their own calendars, they are many, many months behind.
伊朗政府数月来一直在设定研究目标，根据这些日程，他们远落后与其日历进度。
calendars:日历
Speaking in Washington, Mr Xi said China welcomed a constructive US role in promoting peace in the Asia-Pacific region, but he said Washington had to respect China's interests and concerns in the area.
习近平在华盛顿的讲话中表示，中国欢迎美国在促进亚太地区和平事宜中发挥建设性作用，但同时也说，美方应尊重中方在该地区的关切以及担忧。
concerns:关切
Two-fifths are female. Even teenagers with imaginary rayguns are more likely to be playing “Halo” with their friends than solo.
即便是那些仍然着迷于奇幻的光电枪的少年，也多半不再是独自玩，而是和朋友们在一起玩“哈洛”了。
Halo:哈洛
Video gaming, unlike music, film or television, had the luck to be born digital: it never faced the struggle to convert from analogue.
和音乐、电影、电视不一样，电子游戏一出生就是以数据它为基础的，不需要经历从其它形式向数据形式转化的各种困难。
it:它
As gaming establishes itself as a pastime for adults, the social stigma and the worries about moral corruption that have historically greeted all new media, from novels to pop music, have dissipated.
随着这种游戏被认可为成人的游戏娱乐方式，那些所有新产生的媒介形式(从书籍到流行音乐)都曾遭遇的社会偏见和道德忧虑，就不再成为问题了。
gaming:游戏
As gaming establishes itself as a pastime for adults, the social stigma and the worries about moral corruption that have historically greeted all new media, from novels to pop music, have dissipated.
随着这种游戏被认可为成人的闲暇娱乐方式，那些所有新产生的媒介形式(从书籍到流行音乐)都曾遭遇的社会偏见和道德忧虑，就不再成为问题了。
pastime:闲暇
Meanwhile rapid improvements in computing power have allowed game designers to offer experiences that are now often more cinematic than the cinema.
同时，迅速发展的电脑计算已经可以使游戏设计得比影院还更具影院效果。即便有这些幸运之处，电子游戏生产商的明智也是不可忽视的。
computing:计算
Big-budget shoot-’em-up franchises such as “Call of Duty” and “Halo” are still popular, but much of the growth now comes from “casual” games that are simple, cheap and playable in short bursts on mobile phones or in web browsers.
投资巨大的枪战游戏如“使命召唤”和“哈洛”等仍然很热门，但现在业务增长的大头是来自那些更为”随意“的游戏，这类游戏简单、廉价，并且可以短时间地在手机或网上就可以玩一下。
Halo:哈洛
In an era when people are disinclined to pay for content on the web, games publishers were quick to develop “freemium” models, where you rely on non-paying customers to build an audience and then extract cash only from a fanatical few.
支付当下人们对网上提供的各种内容大都不愿付费，游戏软件的出版商们及时创造了“先予后取”的模式，这种模式利用不付费的顾客来扩充用户基础，然后从少量痴迷的顾客身上赚钱。
paying:支付
As gaming comes to be seen as just another medium, its tech-savvy approach could provide a welcome shot in the arm for existing media groups.
随着电子游戏被看作成另一个新型媒体，电子游戏行业善于利用它的手段的运营策略对其它各种现有的媒体应当有很大的启示作用。
its:它的
“When we did the calculations, tectonic activity was up about 6 or 7 times.
“当我们测算时，发现地质活动高了约6到7倍，根据这一情况，我们预测未来30年东京有98%的可能性发生地震，未来四年间有70%左右的可能性。
up:高
Under the Privacy Bill of Rights, Americans would have more control over what personal data companies collect from them and how they use it.
”根据隐私权法案，美国人将对有信息公司收集和使用有数据拥有更大控制权。
have:有
Under the Privacy Bill of Rights, Americans would have more control over what personal data companies collect from them and how they use it.
”根据隐私权法案，美国人将对个人信息公司数据和使用个人数据拥有更大控制权。
data:数据
Professor Hayes says the effectiveness of the bill will depend strongly on that.
海斯教授表示，该法案的有效性将很大程度上取决于该新增有效性。
effectiveness:有效性
DARREN HAYES: "What's also going to be important about this legislation are the penalties and fines that will ultimately be imposed for non-compliance."
戴伦·海斯：“关于这一法案，另外一点将变得非常重要，那就是对不遵守规定征收的罚款罚款。”
fines:罚款
If you are going out with your girlfriend, or boyfriend, you do not want another friend to go along on your date.
如果你和男（女）女朋友出去约会，不希望另一个女朋友打扰你们的约会。
girlfriend:女朋友
My teachers used to give three cheers when I did well in math.
当我数学学得不错的时候，我的老师通常会给我欢呼（give three cheers）。
cheers:欢呼
Trusting it, day by day, and hoping that God has a plan," she said.
只能信任,一天之后又一天的信任,希望上帝有一个计划,”她说道。
Trusting:信任
If they have no luck, they don't keep them, since they're not in the warehouse business.
如果没找到的话,他们可不会仓库着这些东西,因为航空公司不从事仓库生意。
warehouse:仓库
Her children harvested rows of spinach, mustard greens, lettuce, Swiss chard and carrots.
她的孩子们收获了一排一排的菠菜、芥菜、菠菜、瑞士甜菜和胡萝卜。
spinach:菠菜
Her children harvested rows of spinach, mustard greens, lettuce, Swiss chard and carrots.
她的孩子们收获了一排一排的菠菜、芥菜、绿、瑞士甜菜和胡萝卜。
greens:绿
So our idea was growing food in a community and showing that you can have farms even in urban areas, redefines what’s possible in that area, in that community and brings people together."
所以我们的想法就是在社区中种植食物，向人们表明，即使是在城市地区也可以有农场，重新定义该地区、该社区的可能的，将人们联系到一起。”
possible:可能的
That means not only farming food and raising chickens and bees, but improving the soil with compost made from food waste.
这不仅仅意味着农业粮食和饲养鸡和蜜蜂，还意味着通过食物残渣制作堆肥改善土质。
farming:农业
BENNY EREZ: "When people come and look at this, obviously we show them a technique, a technique how to take food waste and bring the food back from being food to composted and then use it on the farm, back to growing vegetables and back to people, and it’s basically closing the loop."
班尼·埃雷兹：“当人们来到这里看到这个，很显然我们向他们展示了一种它，一种获得食物残渣，并把食物残渣从食物转为堆肥，然后将他们用到农场中种植蔬菜，并变成蔬菜再次回到人们手里，这基本是一种封闭的循环。”
it:它
BENNY EREZ: "When people come and look at this, obviously we show them a technique, a technique how to take food waste and bring the food back from being food to composted and then use it on the farm, back to growing vegetables and back to people, and it’s basically closing the loop."
班尼·埃雷兹：“当人们来到这里看到这个，很显然我们向他们展示了一种它，一种获得食物残渣，并把食物残渣从食物转为堆肥，然后将他们用到农场中种植蔬菜，并变成蔬菜再次回到人们手里，这基本是一种封闭的循环。”
it:它
Specialty stores sell containers and boxes for storing things around the house.
还有一些专卖店专门出售用于储存家居杂物的容器和箱子。
sell:出售
Specialty stores sell containers and boxes for storing things around the house.
还有一些专卖店专门销售用于储存家居杂物的箱子和箱子。
boxes:箱子
Langley Collyer was buried under what appeared to be a mountain of old newspapers.
兰利出现压在堆得像一座山似的一堆报纸下面。
appeared:出现
CHRISTOPHER CRUISE: Severe health risks can result from collecting waste, food or materials that can cause fires.
克里斯多夫·克鲁斯：收集废品、食物或易燃废物可能会导致严重的健康风险。
waste:废物
Agency officials say they often hear about hoarders from people who live near someone affected with the disorder.
政府机构官员表示，他们通常听说囤积者是活周围患有此类精神疾病的人所感染的。
live:活
However, hoarders do not realize when they have too many animals. They are really doing more harm than good.
但囤积者并没有意识到，当他们囤积的动物过多时，他们的行为反而好的。
good:好的
They may not be able to provide health care for the animals.
他们可能不能提供动物们提供卫生的环境。
provide:提供
Some animals were found starving, while others had died.
有些动物在被发现同时正在挨饿，其他的甚至已经死亡。
while:同时
Television cameras capture the sadness of the owners as animal police take away their pets.
当宠物警察把宠物们带走的时候，电视镜头会扑捉主人脸上的悲伤表情。
pets:宠物
And the cameras show the struggles of the hoarders and the efforts of people who want to help them.
摄像机展示了囤积者内心的挣扎和想要帮助他们的人所做出的斗争。
struggles:斗争
With improved decision-making skills and ways of thinking, it is possible for a hoarder to become a former hoarder.
随着决策能力和技能的改善，囤积者有可能告别此病症。
skills:技能
The Red Cross says the first seven people have been evacuated from the Baba Amr district in the Syrian city of Homs to a local hospital. An official in Geneva, Carla Haddad, said a joint team of the International Red Cross and Syrian Red Crescent had begun rescuing those in urgent need of medical assistance.
红十字会称第一批的7有已经从叙利亚Homs市的Baba Amr区撤离到当地一家医院，日内瓦官员Carla Haddad说，由国际红十字会和叙利亚红新月会组成的联合团队已开始营救急需医疗救助的人。
have:有
Under the appearance of a struggle to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons, he warned, attempts are being made to change the regime.
他警告说，西方国家看起来像是在斗争阻止核武器扩散，但是他们也许在试图变更该政权。
struggle:斗争
Under the appearance of a struggle to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons, he warned, attempts are being made to change the regime.
他警告说，西方国家看起来像是在努力阻止核武器扩散，但是他们也许在斗争变更该政权。
struggle:斗争
Many of the casualties were reported from the western province of Herat as well as the capital Kabul.
据悉，大多数伤亡都来自西部省份Herat和首都喀布尔。
casualties:伤亡
It's also likely to further slow down reconstruction efforts after the earthquake which devastated much of the country two years ago.
两年前的地震摧毁了海地大部分地区，其辞职或许还会慢震后的重建工作，。
slow:慢
The coins were recovered from a Spanish galleon which was sunk near the Straits of Gibraltar in 1804. They had been taken to Florida by the American company which discovered the shipwreck five years ago and made claim to the treasure.
这些硬币是在一艘1804年在直布罗陀海峡沉没的西班牙大帆沉船上发现的，5年前，一家美国公司发现了这艘沉船的残骸，并将上面的硬币带到佛罗里达州，声称对这笔财宝有所有权。
shipwreck:沉船
With rebels having retreated and Syria arm forces having moved into the opposition stronghold of Baba Amr, there are calls in the international community for limited military intervention against President Basal al-Assad’s government.
叛军撤出之时，叙利亚军事也占领了反对派据点Baba Amr，国际社会上出现了一些要求对阿萨德政府进行有限制地军事干预的呼声。
military:军事
Again Analyst Benlas: “Then you are left with a lot of unaccountable militias, very similar to the situation now facing people in Libya where you have powerful militias that are holding prisoners, being alleged to be committing terrible human rights violations, and no accountability to anyone.”
分析家Benlas说：“结果就是造成无数的民兵组织，就像比利亚当前的局面那样，民兵控制着犯人，违反可怕的侵犯人权罪，不对任何人负责。”
violations:违反
Again Analyst Benlas: “Then you are left with a lot of unaccountable militias, very similar to the situation now facing people in Libya where you have powerful militias that are holding prisoners, being alleged to be committing terrible human rights violations, and no accountability to anyone.”
分析家Benlas说：“结果就是造成无数的民兵组织，就像比利亚当前的局面那样，民兵控制着犯人，犯下可怕的侵犯人权罪，不对任何人责任。”
accountability:责任
Remember to visit our website at …… for more information about this podcast and for a complete Learning Guide, an eight to ten page guide to the podcast that includes additional definitions, culture notes, definitions of all the words we talk about on this podcast and a complete transcript.
记得浏览我们的网站……获取关于本播客更多的信息，还有一份完整的学习向导——一份8到10页的指导册子，上面有额外的释义，文化贴士，还有本期播客所涉及的词汇定义以及一份完整的文稿。
definitions:定义
Remember to visit our website at …… for more information about this podcast and for a complete Learning Guide, an eight to ten page guide to the podcast that includes additional definitions, culture notes, definitions of all the words we talk about on this podcast and a complete transcript.
记得浏览我们的网站……获取关于本播客更多的信息，还有一份完整的学习向导——一份8到10页的指导册子，上面有额外的释义，文化贴士，还有本期播客所涉及的词汇定义以及一份完整的文稿。
definitions:定义
Usually it's people born within 10 or 15 years of when you are born. The term doesn't have a scientific definition when we use it in general conversation, but people who are born in the same 10, 15, maybe even 20 period that you are born would be part of your generation.
在平常的谈话中，这个期限并没有科学的定义，但是跟你同一时期出生或是在你出生的10，15甚至20年间的人都是跟你同时代的人。
term:期限
Usually the parent and the child are considered to be in separate generations, and so they often don't understand each other and we call that problem of not understanding people who are older than you or younger than you a generation gap.
一般来说，父母和孩子被考虑属于不同的时代。所以他们经常不能理解对方，我们把这种不能理解比你年长或是年幼的人的这种现象叫做generation gap，代沟。
considered:考虑
To freak out means to have very strong emotions about something, usually negative emotions, usually anger, or when someone gets mad.
freak out指的是因为某事，愤怒很激动，通常是不好的愤怒，例如，生气，发火。
anger:愤怒
It's a term we usually use now to describe people in their 20’s or in their late teens who knows all of the most popular bands and dresses with all the most popular type of clothing.
这个期限通常用来指那些十七八岁或是二十几岁的知道流行乐队和了解最潮时装的年轻人。
term:期限
A club, “club,” is short for a dance club, a place where you go to dance, and if you are over 21 years old, a place where you can also go to drink alcohol.
Club是dance club的简称，“舞蹈俱乐部”是个你可以跳舞，并且允许年老21岁的人喝酒的地方。
old:老
A club, “club,” is short for a dance club, a place where you go to dance, and if you are over 21 years old, a place where you can also go to drink alcohol.
Club是dance club的简称，“舞蹈俱乐部”是个你可以跳舞，并且允许年过21岁的人酒精的地方。
alcohol:酒精
The appeals court upheld a lower court’s ruling in 2010 that Proposition 8 violated the fourteenth amendment, but did so on far narrower grounds, leaving unanswered the broad question of whether states could ever restrict marriage to heterosexual couples, and finding instead that California’s measure visited a unique harm upon gays and lesbians by stripping them of a right they once enjoyed.
虽然巡回上诉法院支持初级法院在2010年做出的关于8号提案违反第十四修正案的裁决，但它基于的理由却极为狭隘，它回避了一个更广泛的悬而未决的问题--美国各州是否会将婚姻仅限定于异性夫妻之间；相反地，却只针对“由于加州的做法剥夺了一项同性恋者们曾经享有的权利，反而对他们造成了特定伤害”这一点做文章。
ruling:裁决
The appeals court upheld a lower court’s ruling in 2010 that Proposition 8 violated the fourteenth amendment, but did so on far narrower grounds, leaving unanswered the broad question of whether states could ever restrict marriage to heterosexual couples, and finding instead that California’s measure visited a unique harm upon gays and lesbians by stripping them of a right they once enjoyed.
虽然参观上诉法院支持初级法院在2010年做出的关于8号提案违反第十四修正案的裁定，但它基于的理由却极为狭隘，它回避了一个更广泛的悬而未决的问题--美国各州是否会将婚姻仅限定于异性夫妻之间；相反地，却只针对“由于加州的做法剥夺了一项同性恋者们曾经享有的权利，反而对他们造成了特定伤害”这一点做文章。
visited:参观
The appeals court upheld a lower court’s ruling in 2010 that Proposition 8 violated the fourteenth amendment, but did so on far narrower grounds, leaving unanswered the broad question of whether states could ever restrict marriage to heterosexual couples, and finding instead that California’s measure visited a unique harm upon gays and lesbians by stripping them of a right they once enjoyed.
虽然巡回上诉法院支持初级法院在2010年做出的关于8号提案违反第十四修正案的裁定，但它基于的理由却极为狭隘，它回避了一个更广泛的悬而未决的问题--美国各州是否会将婚姻仅限定于异性夫妻之间；相反地，却只针对“由于加州的做法剥夺了一项女同性恋们曾经享有的权利，反而对他们造成了特定伤害”这一点做文章。
lesbians:女同性恋
Proposition 8 simply denied them the “official, cherished status” of marriage,leading the court to conclude that its sole purpose was “to lessen the status and human dignity of gays and lesbians in California”.
8号提案只是否决了他们婚姻的“合法的，崇高的地位”，这使法庭断定8号提案唯一的目的就是要“降低加州女同性恋的地位并剥夺他们的尊严”。
lesbians:女同性恋
ON MARCH 15th the former governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich, will start to serve a 14-year sentence for corruption in a federal low-security prison.
伊利诺斯州前州长罗德?布拉格耶维奇因在联邦低安全监狱中工作腐败，于3月15日开始为期14年的刑罚。
security:安全
A new report, by Dick Simpson and his colleagues at the University of Chicago, documents the extent to which the state of Illinois and the city of Chicago have been hotbeds of corruption.
在芝加哥大学迪克?辛普森和他的同事们一份新的报告中，他们描绘了作为滋生腐败的温床伊利诺斯州和芝加哥已经到了何种范围。
extent:范围
Since then, 1,828 elected officials, appointees, government employees and a few private individuals have been convicted of corruption in Illinois, and 84% of these were in its Northern District-a judicial zone which contains the entire Chicago metropolitan area.
从那之后，1828名选举任命人、指派任命人、政府雇员和一小部分私人个体都因在伊利诺斯州实施腐败而被治罪。他们中的84%都来自于州北部地区--这是一块包含芝加哥所有繁华区域的司法区。
appointees:任命人
Since then, 1,828 elected officials, appointees, government employees and a few private individuals have been convicted of corruption in Illinois, and 84% of these were in its Northern District-a judicial zone which contains the entire Chicago metropolitan area.
从那之后，1828名选举官员、指派官员、政府雇员和一小部分私人个体都个人在伊利诺斯州实施腐败而被治罪。他们中的84%都来自于州北部地区--这是一块包含芝加哥所有繁华区域的司法区。
individuals:个人
Since then, 1,828 elected officials, appointees, government employees and a few private individuals have been convicted of corruption in Illinois, and 84% of these were in its Northern District-a judicial zone which contains the entire Chicago metropolitan area.
从那之后，1828名选举官员、指派官员、政府雇员和一小部分私人有都因在伊利诺斯州实施腐败而被治罪。他们中的84%都来自于州北部地区--这是一块包含芝加哥所有繁华区域的司法区。
have:有
Since then, 1,828 elected officials, appointees, government employees and a few private individuals have been convicted of corruption in Illinois, and 84% of these were in its Northern District-a judicial zone which contains the entire Chicago metropolitan area.
从那之后，1828名选举官员、指派官员、政府雇员和一小部分私人个体都因在伊利诺斯州实施腐败而被治罪。他们中的84%都来自于州北部地区--这是一块包含芝加哥所有繁华區的司法区。
District:區
Those who paid bribes either assumed, or were told, that payment was necessary for zoning changes, building permits or any other government action.
这些被索取贿赂的人认为，也有其他人告诉他们，那些行动贿赂的钱财都是为地区改变、建筑许可或是其他任何政府行为所必须的。
action:行动
Mr Simpson thinks the ultimate solution lies in ending the culture of corruption, which would include prohibiting patronage (something he says is on the decline anyway), nepotism and the holding of two government jobs at the same time.
辛普森先生认为禁止任命职务（他说这个已经在不断衰落）、任人唯亲以及同时就职于政府两个职位，这才是断绝腐败问题的最终解决方案。
decline:衰落
He added that in science the key to the present and the future is often found in the past.
”丁补充道，在科学科学里，现在和未来的关键经常是从过去发现的。
science:科学
Scientists say the history of the drill could help them understand what could lie in store for Africa's rainforests over the next 100 years.
科学家们说，鬼狒的历史能够帮助他们了解未来10年的非洲雨林可能发生什么事。
history:历史
There are nine sober houses -- eight for men and one for women.
目前共有9处“冷静屋”，其中8在那儿男士专用，1在那儿女士专用。
There:在那儿
But it also includes art therapy, yoga and even acupuncture.
但它还包括艺术针灸、瑜伽，甚至是针灸。
acupuncture:针灸
If you asked me the time at 6.15, I might well say “quarter past six”, instead of “a quarter past six”
如果6 点15 分的时候你问我过去，我可能会直接告诉你“quarter past six”（6 点15 分），而不是“a quarter past six”。
past:过去
If you asked me the time at 6.15, I might well say “quarter past six”, instead of “a quarter past six”
如果6 点15 分的时候你问我过去，我可能会直接告诉你“quarter past six”（6 点15 分），而不是“a quarter past six”。
past:过去
We say “four minutes past”, “six minutes past” and we drop minutes with the fives: “five past”, “twenty past”.
我们会说“four minutes past”几点过四分，“six minutes past”几点过六分；但是，如果分钟数是5的倍数过去，我们不会加minutes。
past:过去
We say “four minutes past”, “six minutes past” and we drop minutes with the fives: “five past”, “twenty past”.
我们会说“four minutes past”几点过四分，“six minutes past”几点过六分；但是，如果分钟数是5的倍数过去，我们不会加minutes。
past:过去
We say “four minutes past”, “six minutes past” and we drop minutes with the fives: “five past”, “twenty past”.
我们会说“four minutes past”几点过四分，“six minutes past”几点过六分；但是，如果分钟数是5的倍数过去，我们不会加minutes。
past:过去
We say “four minutes past”, “six minutes past” and we drop minutes with the fives: “five past”, “twenty past”.
我们会说“four minutes past”几点过四分，“six minutes past”几点过六分；但是，如果分钟数是5的倍数过去，我们不会加minutes。
past:过去
"After" and "till" in American English As you probably know, American English has some ways of talking about the time that aren’t used in British English: they might say “after” instead of “past” for example.
就像大家已经知道的那样，美式英语中有几种过去表达的方式跟英式英语不一样。他们可能会用after而不是past。
past:过去
But if you ask me what time it is, just as the train arrives, or just as it’s supposed to arrive, I’ll look at my watch, and I won’t say “it’s eighteen twenty-two”, I’ll tell you “it’s twenty-two minutes past six”.
但是如果你问我现在几点了（假设火车刚到，或者假设那是它该到达的过去），我会看着表告诉你6 ：22了，而不是18 ：22。
past:过去
This year's session of the National People's Congress is taking place amidst renewed government exhortations for people to study Lei Feng, a humble young man Mao turned into an icon of model behavior, whose only goal was to serve the party.
今年的全国人大会议年份，正值政府再次倡导学习雷锋，这位谦逊的年轻人曾被毛泽东称为行为模范，他的唯一目标就是为党服务。
year:年份
The film Lei Feng Xia (or Lei Feng Man) has been seen by millions of people online. Zhang says his favorite part is when Lei Feng struggles to clean up his neighborhood.
”数百万人在线观看了电影《雷锋侠》，张说他最喜欢的部分，就是雷锋斗争清洁社区的情节。
struggles:斗争
Lei Feng died in 1962, at the age of 21. A complete edition of writings attributed to him was recently published, as part of more than 100 new Lei Feng-themed publications planned for this year that include poems, speeches, letters and analyses of his life.
最近出版了一全套赞美雷锋的出版物出版，今年计划以雷锋为主题出版100多部出版物，这是其中的一部分，这些将出版的出版物包括诗集，演讲，信件和对雷锋生命的解析。
publications:出版物
Those who drop out must compete with better educated people for jobs.
辍学者必须与受过更好教育的人竞争工作岗位。
better:更好
Educational researchers also point to another problem. They say South African schools do not produce enough students with the skills for higher education in math and science.
教育研究人员还指出了另一个问题，他们说南非的学校无法为更高教育提供足够多的拥有数学和数学技能的学生。
math:数学
Subjects such as math and science are taught in English starting at about age ten.
”数学和数学一类科目从10岁开始均以英文授课。
math:数学
Subjects such as math and science are taught in English starting at about age ten.
”数学和科学一类科学从10岁开始均以英文授课。
science:科学
Angie Motshega says teacher development efforts will focus on subject and content knowledge, and making sure the correct teachers are in the correct jobs.
她说教师发展措施将集中注意力于学科和教学知识，并确保合适的教师在合适的岗位上。
focus:集中注意力
BARACK OBAMA: "As a country that has two percent of the world's oil reserves, but uses twenty percent of the world's oil--I'm going to repeat that--we've got two percent of the world's oil reserves, we use twenty percent.
巴拉克·奥巴马：“去一个只拥有世界石油储量2%，但消耗世界石油20%的国家，我要重复一遍，我们只有世界石油储量的2%，消耗了20%。
going:去
The president has called for tax breaks on clean energy vehicles and urged local governments to buy them.
”奥巴马总统呼吁对清洁能源汽车进行税收减免，并督促地方政府买清洁能源汽车。
buy:买
Last week, he asked lawmakers to end four billion dollars in support for the oil and gas industries.
上周，他要求国会最后对石油和天然气行业40 亿美元的支持。
Last:最后
Originally, data was a plural noun, it comes from a Latin word that means things which are given, and that’s plural.
从根本上说，data是复数复数，来自拉丁语，这就是说，原来就已经有了，本来就是复数。
plural:复数
Originally, data was a plural noun, it comes from a Latin word that means things which are given, and that’s plural.
从根本上说，data是复数复数，来自拉丁语，这就是说，原来就已经有了，本来就是复数。
plural:复数
People wrote to the newspapers complaining that "oblivious" wasn’t being used correctly, the language was going to the dogs, no-body knew how to speak correct English anymore and so on you know the kind of thing.
人们写信去报社，抱怨说" oblivious"的用法是不正确的，英语已经走向衰落了，已经没有人知道怎样讲正确的英语了，等等这那种的东西。
kind:那种
The UN said they returned after being granted permission by the Sudanese authorities in Khartoum.
联合国称工作人员这次行动得到了Khartoum苏丹当局的允许。
permission:允许
Judges have dismissed charges against the former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in his bribery trial. The case was declared void under the statute of limitations.
法官被解雇对意大利前总理贝卢斯科尼贿赂审判的指控，根据追诉权时效法，这起案例被宣布无效。
dismissed:被解雇
Judge Francesca Vitale delivering the court ruling, declaring that the case was being thrown out.
法官Francesca Vitale宣布了法庭裁决，表示驳回这起案件。
ruling:裁决
If the mom is bad, the mom is exhausted; the baby doesn't get enough oxygen.
“有这样的共生局面，如果妈妈情况糟糕，她精疲力竭；宝宝就不能获得足够氧气。
mom:妈妈
If the mom is bad, the mom is exhausted; the baby doesn't get enough oxygen.
“有这样的共生局面，如果妈妈情况糟糕，她精疲力竭；宝宝就不能获得足够氧气。
mom:妈妈
That's where it all accumulates," she said. Five main reasons are given for potentially deadly complications: hemorrhaging, sepsis or infection, unsafe abortions, eclampsia or hypertension and obstructed labor.
导致致命并发症的五大因素被罗列出来：大出血，败血症或塞普西斯，不安全堕胎，子痫，高血压或者梗阻性分娩。
sepsis:塞普西斯
Shulte-Hillen says it's uncommon for a woman to die in childbirth in developed nations.
Shulte -Hillen说在发达国家产妇出生时死亡不常见。
childbirth:出生
Little medicine is available and trained medical professionals are often forced to flee.
药物稀缺，有经验的医疗人员都已经逃跑了。
flee:逃跑
"The best that we can do as a medical organization is to be there today with assistance that is lifesaving," she said.
“作为医疗组织，我们能做的最好就是立马去那里，救生生命。”她说。
lifesaving:救生
The new gimmick is “m-campaigning”: reaching voters through their internet-enabled mobile gadgets.
但现在这已显得不合时宜。这个新的花招叫做“M -战役”，透过到达设备直抵选民。
reaching:到达
Time was when elders settled disputes, but villagers now take phones to meetings and call in outside help if necessary.
从前争端往往是由长辈解决，但是现在村民能够通过呼叫参加会议。
call:呼叫
When Scott Brown was the Republican candidate for Ted Kennedy’s old Senate seat in 2010, his aides used mobile technology to urge followers to phone tricky questions to a radio station while his opponent was on air.
布朗还是特德?肯尼迪参议院席位的共和党候选人同时，他的副手通过移动技术鼓励他们的支持者向电台电话提出一些怪题。当同时斯格特的竞选对手还坐在飞机上。
while:同时
Designed as an online photo album, users buy space for friends at $10 per portrait.
用户为好友们买空间，每张照片10美元。
buy:买
Nine out of ten non-profits in America have a presence on Facebook according to the latest Nonprofit Social Network Benchmark (NSNB) report, a survey of nearly 11,200 non-profit professionals.
最新的非盈利社交网络基准（NSNB）报告对近11200个从事非盈利事业的专业人员进行了调查，该报告称美国十分之九的非盈利非營利組織在脸谱网都有账号。
Nonprofit:非營利組織
On Causes, for example, participants can use a birthday to rally friends to give to a particular charity.
比如通过“公益事业”这个应用参与者可以借生日团结好友们一起为朋友一个慈善项目捐款。
friends:朋友
A survey by Blackbaud, a software and service provider for charities, predicts a rise in donations in 2012, but no significant gains from social media.
为慈善机构提供软件和服务的Blackbaud进行的调查预测2012年的捐款会增加，但是从社交媒体方面得到的并无显著升高。
rise:升高
They also now dedicate lots of staff time to social media and have carefully followed the success of their fund-raising.
它们现在也在社交媒体上投入大量的人力，仔细地遵循筹资成功的时间。
time:时间
Charity: water counts the number of wells dug and rainwater catchments built.
“慈善：水”会统计挖的水井和捕鱼区的雨水集蓄系统的数量。
catchments:捕鱼区
She adds that fan pages are good for relationships, but for fund-raising the most lucrative tool is to get donors to share news of their donation on their own Facebook page.
她补充，粉丝有助于维系关系，但是对募捐来说，最有力的做法是让捐助者在他们自己的主页上分享募捐新闻。
news:新闻
So a campaign that does not raise money at first may still lure supporters-and potential future donors.
所以一个活动可能最开始并未进行募捐，但它仍可能诱人支持者-以及未来有可能成为捐助者的人。
lure:诱人
He spent several hours meeting with Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday, discussing ways to address Iran’s nuclear threat.
周一，他花了首席小时时间与以色列总理内塔尼亚胡会谈，讨论解决伊朗核威胁的办法。
Prime:首席
This Sunday is the first anniversary of the major earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
本周纪念日是纪念日本大地震和海啸一周年纪念纪念日。
anniversary:纪念日
Its latest purchase is Nest Labs, a maker of sophisticated thermostats and smoke detectors: on January 13th Google said it would pay 3.2 billion in cash for the firm.
它的最近一次购买是精密恒温控制器和烟雾探测器制造商Nest Labs：1月13号，Google宣布用32亿美元现金将该公司买下。
purchase:购买
The common factor shared by GE's early products was electricity, something businesses were then just learning to exploit.
通用电气早期产品的所共有的一个通用电气是电，当时的业界刚刚开始学着利用它。
GE:通用电气
Even so, the question is whether Google can knit the diverse businesses it is developing and acquiring into an even more profitable engineering colossus—or whether it is in danger of squandering billions. Concern that the firm could make overpriced acquisitions has grown along with the size of its cash pile, now around 57 billion.
尽管如此，谷歌的问题在于能否有效的整合它发展和探索出的多种业务，使之成为一个甚至能带来更多利润的它产业，否则它就是浪费了这数十亿美元。
it:它
Even so, the question is whether Google can knit the diverse businesses it is developing and acquiring into an even more profitable engineering colossus—or whether it is in danger of squandering billions. Concern that the firm could make overpriced acquisitions has grown along with the size of its cash pile, now around 57 billion.
尽管如此，谷歌的问题在于能否有效的整合它发展和探索出的多种业务，使之成为一个甚至能带来更多利润的它产业，否则它就是浪费了这数十亿美元。
it:它
Even so, the question is whether Google can knit the diverse businesses it is developing and acquiring into an even more profitable engineering colossus—or whether it is in danger of squandering billions. Concern that the firm could make overpriced acquisitions has grown along with the size of its cash pile, now around 57 billion.
尽管如此，谷歌的问题在于能否有效的整合它发展和探索出的多种坚固，使之成为一个甚至能带来更多利润的工程产业，否则它就是浪费了这数十亿美元。
firm:坚固
Even so, the question is whether Google can knit the diverse businesses it is developing and acquiring into an even more profitable engineering colossus—or whether it is in danger of squandering billions. Concern that the firm could make overpriced acquisitions has grown along with the size of its cash pile, now around 57 billion.
尽管如此，谷歌的问题在于能否有效的整合它发展和探索出的多种业务，使之成为一个甚至能带来更多利润的它的产业，否则它就是浪费了这数十亿美元。
its:它的
Eyebrows were raised this week when the price for Nest was revealed.
对于该公司在并购时出价过高及其现金规模的担忧正逐渐升高。
raised:升高
Morgan Stanley, a bank, reckons it represents ten times Nest's estimated annual revenue.
本周，Nest的收购价一经披露就令人大跌眼镜。据摩根斯坦利估算，这是Nest估算年利润的10倍。
reckons:估算
Paul Saffo of Discern Analytics, a research firm, argues that Google is already adept at profiting from the data people generate in the form of search queries, e-mails and other things they enter into computers.
研究公司Discern Analytics的Paul Saffo认为谷歌在通过数据产生上已经是熟门熟路，这些数据是在用户们搜索查询、收发邮件以及在电脑上进行其他操作时产生的。
generate:产生
Tony Fadell, Nest's boss, has often talked about how Nest is well-positioned to profit from the internet of things—a world in which all kinds of devices use a combination of software, sensors and wireless connectivity to talk to their owners and one another.
这个过程中就会产生很多的数据，并被谷歌利润囊中。Nest老板Tony Fadell时常提及Nest怎样对自己准确定位来从物联网中获利。在物联网的世界中，各个设备通过软件、传感器以及无线连接的结合来接受用户以及其他设备的信息。
profit:利润
It also brings Google some stellar talent.Mr Fadell, who led the team that created the iPod while at Apple, has a knack for breathing new life into stale products.
在苹果公司带队开发了iPod的Fadell很产品给旧产品注入新鲜生命。
products:产品
But it is likely to do what it did with driverless cars: take a technology financed by military contracts and adapt it for the consumer market.
但是这很可能会和它的无人驾驶车一样：和军方签订协议，由其提供资助来开发它，再将这些它为消费市场进行调整。
it:它
But it is likely to do what it did with driverless cars: take a technology financed by military contracts and adapt it for the consumer market.
但是这很可能会和它的无人驾驶车一样：和军方签订协议，由其提供资助来开发它，再将这些它为消费市场进行调整。
it:它
But it is likely to do what it did with driverless cars: take a technology financed by military contracts and adapt it for the consumer market.
但是这很可能会和它的无人驾驶车一样：和军方签订协议，由其提供资助来开发它，再将这些它为消费市场进行调整。
it:它
The new head of Google's robotics business is Andy Rubin, who led the successful development of Android.
谷歌Android项目的负责人是成功领导了安卓系统开发的Andy Rubin。
Android:Android
A Boeing 747 can consume a tonne of fuel and emit several tonnes of carbon dioxide during an average 17-minute taxi to take-off.
一架波音747起飞一般需要滑行17分钟，要消耗1吨燃料并且发出出几吨二氧化碳。
emit:发出
Which is why there are various methods being developed for aircraft to use other means of propulsion while moving around an airport.
这就是为什么要研究不同的方法让飞机在机场运行同时使用其他的动力方式。
while:同时
Many pilots would also prefer to be in control of the driving once their aircraft is on the taxiway.
许多驾驶员在飞机滑行的时候也偏好自己来控制操作。
prefer:偏好
The pilots then use their usual controls to steer with the nose wheel and to brake with the main landing gear.
驾驶员用通常的控制器完成头部轮的控制和主起落架的制动。
wheel:轮
With the high price of aviation fuel—a tonne can cost more than $1,000—the savings at a busy airport could be large.
航空燃料的价格很高，一吨价格1000多美元，一个业务繁忙的机场因此可以节省大批资金。
price:价格
It also reduces the risk of debris being ingested by the engines and causing damage.
而且牵引机器人还可以减少飞机发动机吸入碎片造成破坏的风险。
reduces:减少
The German Aerospace Centre has tested this idea in an aircraft using a fuel cell to power two electric motors built into the hub of an aircraft nose wheel.
德国宇航中心已经就此进行了实验：在一架飞机上用燃料电池给装在飞机头部电轮毂里的两台电动机提供动力。
electric:电
The German Aerospace Centre has tested this idea in an aircraft using a fuel cell to power two electric motors built into the hub of an aircraft nose wheel.
德国宇航中心已经就此进行了实验：在一架飞机上用燃料电池给装在飞机头部电动机轮毂里的两台电动机提供动力。
motors:电动机
The German Aerospace Centre has tested this idea in an aircraft using a fuel cell to power two electric motors built into the hub of an aircraft nose wheel.
德国宇航中心已经就此进行了实验：在一架飞机上用燃料电池给装在飞机头部轮轮毂里的两台电动机提供动力。
wheel:轮
The government risks an export slump to boost the metals-processing industry
政府为了刺激金属加工业发展不惜冒着削减出口量的风险
risks:风险
With the country's current-account deficit last year hitting 3.5% of GDP, its worst since 1986, and its currency falling steeply, this is a bad time to be forgoing foreign earnings.
在印尼往来账户赤字占有GDP总额3.5%的情况下，这不是一个放弃国外盈利好年份。这是自1986年来最坏的情形，并且它的货币贬值很厉害。
year:年份
This may explain why the president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, relaxed the moratorium at the last moment to let big copper producers keep exporting concentrate.
这就解释了为什么苏西洛总统最后最后时刻放宽了出口政策放松让大型制铜商们继续出口精矿石。
relaxed:放松
However, there are significant gains to be made by processing other metal ores.
然而，有一些可观的收入就可能来自于其他是矿石加工。
be:是
About 94% of aluminium's final value comes from the refining and smelting stages, for example.
大约94%的铝矿最终价值来自精炼和熔炼程序，例如，熔炼增加了镍矿石的价值。
refining:精炼
Such plants are expensive, and require a lot of supporting infrastructure, such as power plants, ports and roads:Indonesiais terrible at building these.
如电力，港口，道路：印尼很不擅长建筑这些设施。
building:建筑
China Hongqiao, that country's biggest privately owned aluminium producer, is building a 1 billion smelter in Borneo.
中国虹桥公司，作为印尼最大的私有铝矿生产者，正在Borneo建筑一个价值十亿美元的熔炉。
building:建筑
As for nickel, when President Xi Jinping visited Indonesia last October he witnessed the signing of several agreements by Chinese firms to build smelters to produce the metal, used in making stainless steel.
至于镍矿，去年十月份习近平主席拜访印尼时，见证了中国公司建熔炉生产镍制作不锈钢的协议签订。
nickel:镍
As for nickel, when President Xi Jinping visited Indonesia last October he witnessed the signing of several agreements by Chinese firms to build smelters to produce the metal, used in making stainless steel.
至于镍矿，去年十月份习近平主席拜访印尼时，见证了中国公司建熔炉生产金属制造不锈钢的协议签订。
making:制造
As for nickel, when President Xi Jinping visited Indonesia last October he witnessed the signing of several agreements by Chinese firms to build smelters to produce the metal, used in making stainless steel.
至于镍矿，去年十月份习近平主席拜访印尼时，见证了中国公司建熔炉生产钢制作不锈钢的协议签订。
steel:钢
So although export bans are generally not a good idea, and using protectionism to foster “infant industries” is a policy that has produced more failures than successes, it is not impossible thatIndonesiawill achieve its hopes of moving its natural-resources industries up the value chain.
因此，尽管出口禁令总体上不算个出口点子，而且使用贸易保护主义来培育“新生产业”的政策往往带来更多失败而不是成功，但印尼也有可能实现它的期望，那就是将依赖自然资源的工业绑上盈利产业链。
export:出口
So although export bans are generally not a good idea, and using protectionism to foster “infant industries” is a policy that has produced more failures than successes, it is not impossible thatIndonesiawill achieve its hopes of moving its natural-resources industries up the value chain.
因此，尽管出口禁令总体上不算个好点子，而且使用贸易保护主义来培育“新生产业”的政策往往带来更多失败而不是自然，但印尼也有可能实现它的期望，那就是将依赖自然资源的工业绑上盈利产业链。
natural:自然
A little bit of resource nationalism may win Mr Yudhoyono's allies a few votes in the parliamentary elections scheduled for April and the presidential one in July.
一年资源国家主义可能会为尤多约诺总统在四月份的议会选举和7月份的总统大选里赢得一些选举。
elections:选举
Price-discounting tends to be associated more with used-car lots than with posh law firms. There was a time when a lawyer could submit his bill and be confident of receiving a cheque for the same amount.
价格折扣渐渐常见于二手车交易，并非光鲜的律师律师事务所。有一段时间，律师收到的支票跟账单数目一样，并且，他们相关。
associated:相关
Simultaneously, the easy profits once earned in litigation departments have also dried up: the tedious task of reviewing mountains of documents, which law firms used to farm out to battalions of newly qualified associates, can increasingly be done by computers.
同时，诉讼部的易得利润也枯竭了：枯燥的审核成堆文件任务，之前律师事务所都是承包给大批刚合格的伙伴，现也被电脑代替了。
task:任务
Simultaneously, the easy profits once earned in litigation departments have also dried up: the tedious task of reviewing mountains of documents, which law firms used to farm out to battalions of newly qualified associates, can increasingly be done by computers.
同时，诉讼部的易得利润也枯竭了：枯燥的审核成堆文件农场，之前律师事务所都是承包给大批刚合格的伙伴，现也被电脑代替了。
farm:农场
One reason for this is that, as ever more big clients discover they can haggle, law firms have realised that the best way for them to start the negotiation is with the highest possible asking-price.
原因之一在于，因为更多的客户发现他们能闪烁，律师律师事务所意识到开始协商的最好办法就是给出最高索价。
haggle:闪烁
Such clients no longer just take the law firm's word for how many hours its lawyers spent on a job: if the bill looks padded, they will not hesitate to demand cuts.
这样的商业顾客，不再完全听信律师事务所在某一客户上花费的时长：如果账单看上去有水分，他们将毫不犹豫寻求折扣。
clients:客户
Such clients no longer just take the law firm's word for how many hours its lawyers spent on a job: if the bill looks padded, they will not hesitate to demand cuts.
这样的商业顾客，不再完全听信律师事务所在更长一案子上花费的时长：如果账单看上去有水分，他们将毫不犹豫寻求折扣。
longer:更长
Such clients no longer just take the law firm's word for how many hours its lawyers spent on a job: if the bill looks padded, they will not hesitate to demand cuts.
这样的坚固顾客，不再完全听信律师事务所在某一案子上花费的时长：如果账单看上去有水分，他们将毫不犹豫寻求折扣。
firm:坚固
John Malone, one of the industry's pioneers, whose company, Liberty Media, is Charter's biggest shareholder, is among many in the business calling for mergers.
行业的先驱之一—约翰马龙，他的公司自有媒体是行业最大的股东，也是众多的呼叫中要求兼并的公司之一。
calling:呼叫
Other cable firms, such as Comcast, may enter the fray, offering to buy all or part of TWC.
其他的有线电视公司，如comcast公司，可能会加入战斗，提供买TWC所需的全部或部分资金。
buy:买
On January 14th an appeals court struck down federal rules that required them to treat all internet traffic equally—a policy called net neutrality.
1月14日上诉法院推翻了一个名为网络中立的联邦规则，这个政策上诉他们对待所有互联网流量相等。
appeals:上诉
If the court's ruling prevails, this would let cable firms and other internet providers start demanding payment from bandwidth-hungry suppliers of video, such as Netflix, for speedy delivery to viewers.
如果以法院的裁决为准，这将让有线电视公司和其他互联网服务供应商开始要求高宽带视频用户，如Netflix快速传达给观众。
ruling:裁决
Besides giving cable firms a juicy new source of income, this could curb the expansion of an increasingly powerful group of competitors for providing packages of video content.
除了提供电缆公司提供收入的新来源，这可能遏制日益强大的集团竞争对手扩张提供视频内容。
providing:提供
It is almost impossible to construct any new building anywhere without permission from the local council.
要大兴土木必须要经过当地议会允许。
permission:允许
It has also worked with the Bank of England to reduce the cost of credit and has subsidised high loan-to-value mortgages through a scheme called “Help to Buy”.
目前政府已和英格兰银行合作以减少信贷成本，也通过出台“买帮手”这项体制以支持高额的贷款比率。
Buy:买
This would be low or zero for agricultural land and would jump as soon as permission to build is granted.
这对于农业土地而言，税收近乎是零或者十分低，只要批准建房，那么税收就会跳跃。
jump:跳跃
This would be low or zero for agricultural land and would jump as soon as permission to build is granted.
这对于农业土地而言，税收近乎是零或者十分低，只要允许建房，那么税收就会猛增。
permission:允许
But the biggest German company known mainly for weapons, Rheinmetall, is just 26th in the world league of arms-exporting firms.
然而，即使是德国著名的以武器企业为主的公司中最大的莱茵金属公司，在世界武器出口公司中也仅仅排在26位。
firms:企业
This is why Helmut Schmidt, a former chancellor, in December urged Germany to restrict arms exports, calling gun deaths a slow-motion Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
这也是为何前总理赫尔穆特施密特在12月督促德国限制枪出口，他称枪支引发死亡如同慢性的广岛和长崎原子弹爆炸。
gun:枪
But Germany's arms exports are probably in little danger, since they have the same reputation for reliability as its cars and other industrial goods.
但是德国的武器出口看似并无危险，因为它的武器产品在可靠性方面有着和汽车及其他工业产品一样的出口名声。
exports:出口
Even Pieter Wezeman of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, a critic of weapons sales, compares a Heckler & Koch gun to a high-quality Leica camera.
甚至斯特哥尔摩和平研究所的Pieter Wezeman，一位枪销售的批评者，也将赫克勒-科赫枪支比作质量优异的徕卡相机。
gun:枪
Military transport, logistics, surveillance and protective equipment together account for five times as much of German defence firms' output as weapons and ammunition—and are less likely to be blamed for civilian casualties.
军事运输设备、后勤物资、监视和防护设备总计是德国国防公司武器和军火出口额的5倍，而且这些企业不会受到引发平民死亡的谴责。
firms:企业
The flagging fortunes of Rheinmetall, in particular, should be restored by strong sales of the armoured transporters it produces in a joint venture with MAN, a lorry-maker.
需要指出的是，莱茵是公司的巨大财富中不少就源自于它和货车制造商MAN联合制造的装甲运输车辆的良好销量业绩。
be:是
For example, a carmaker expecting lots of monthly payments from customers who have taken out financing can get investors to fund its business more cheaply by selling them its claim to those payments.
例如，那些每个月从办理了汽车贷款的消费者那里获得贷款支付的汽车汽车制造商可以通过变卖这些款项的债权而让投资者以更低的代价进行投资。
carmaker:汽车制造商
For example, a carmaker expecting lots of monthly payments from customers who have taken out financing can get investors to fund its business more cheaply by selling them its claim to those payments.
例如，那些每个月从办理了汽车贷款的消费者那里获得贷款支付的汽车制造商可以通过变卖这些款项的债权而让投资者以更低的付款进行投资。
payments:付款
For example, a carmaker expecting lots of monthly payments from customers who have taken out financing can get investors to fund its business more cheaply by selling them its claim to those payments.
例如，那些每个月从办理了汽车贷款的顾客那里获得贷款支付的汽车制造商可以通过变卖这些款项的债权而让投资者以更低的代价进行投资。
customers:顾客
For example, a carmaker expecting lots of monthly payments from customers who have taken out financing can get investors to fund its business more cheaply by selling them its claim to those payments.
例如，那些每个月从办理了汽车贷款的消费者那里获得贷款支付的汽车制造商可以通过变卖这些款项的债权而让投资者以更低的付款进行投资。
payments:付款
A bank on the receiving end of mortgage repayments or credit-card receivables can do something similar: bundle the loans up and sell them, or use them as collateral to get funding, which it can then use to issue more loans.
按揭还款或者信用卡应收账款的收款银行可以效仿此番做法：将贷款集中接收卖掉，或者把他们当作抵押款使用以获得投资资金，这样一来，他们就能继续放贷。
receiving:接收
A bank on the receiving end of mortgage repayments or credit-card receivables can do something similar: bundle the loans up and sell them, or use them as collateral to get funding, which it can then use to issue more loans.
按揭还款或者信用卡应收账款的收款银行可以效仿此番做法：将贷款集中起来卖掉，或者把他们当作抵押款使用以接收投资资金，这样一来，他们就能继续放贷。
receiving:接收
A bank on the receiving end of mortgage repayments or credit-card receivables can do something similar: bundle the loans up and sell them, or use them as collateral to get funding, which it can then use to issue more loans.
按揭还偿还或者信用卡应收账偿还的收偿还银行可以效仿此番做法：将贷偿还集中起来卖掉，或者把他们当作抵押偿还使用以获得投资资金，这样一来，他们就能继续放贷。
repayments:偿还
Lax lending standards in boom times predate the emergence of securitisation by several centuries at least.
在金融业繁荣时间实施宽松的借贷政策使得证券化的兴起提前了至少几个世纪。
times:时间
Lax lending standards in boom times predate the emergence of securitisation by several centuries at least.
在金融业繁荣几个世纪实施宽松的借贷政策使得证券化的兴起提前了至少几个世纪。
centuries:几个世纪
Most structured products performed well through the crisis, with the notable exception of those related to American residential mortgages.
大多数结构化产品在经济危机期间仍然表现产品，除了那些与美国住房抵押贷款有关的一些例外。
products:产品
And although there are still risks, securitisation should be safer in the future than in the past because of new, post-crisis regulations to reduce the danger of excesses.
尽管风险仍然存在，但比起过去证券化在将来应该会相对较安全，因为危机过后重新制定的金融管理政策有利于减少过度放贷的可能性。
reduce:减少
The principle that the party creating a new security needs to retain some exposure to the underlying credit should help ensure that underwriting standards do not get too slack.
产生新的有价证券的一方必须保留能证明其潜在信用的相关文件这一条例应该基础确保保险业管理政策不至于太过松弛。
underlying:基础
Some of the Kafkaesque structures spawned by securitisation—such as collateralised debt obligations that invested in other CDOs that themselves invested in MBSs—have been made prohibitively difficult to recreate.
由证券化孕育的一些奇怪结构—例如将债务抵押债券投资到其他的债务抵押债券，而这些获得投资的债务抵押债券本身则又投资到抵押支付债券—已经被限制形成。
spawned:孕育
Securitisation certainly has a black mark against it, but it is far too useful to be banished for good.
证券化的回归当然会面临诸多困难，但是它的自身好的使得其不可能被永久弃用。
good:好的
Society benefited from their eventual rehabilitation—as it most probably will from the revival of securitisation.
而等它们最终成功康复名声，社会将能从中收益—正如很可能从证券化的回归中受益一样。
rehabilitation:康复
Slowly, and in some quarters grudgingly, the influence of genes in shaping political outlook and behaviour is being recognized
在某些方面，塑造政治前景和行为的基因影响正在慢慢地被人们所被确认的，虽然还是不情愿。
recognized:被确认的
Those who allowed that it might have some value were generally shouted down and sometimes abused, along with all others vehemently suspected of the heresy of believing that genetic differences between individuals could have a role in shaping their behavioural differences.
那些认为它有一些价值的人们发出的呐喊，通常会被持不同观点人们的声音所掩盖，有时还会遭到辱骂，和那些对当时的异端邪说----即有之间的遗传差异在塑造他们各自不同的行为上起了一定的作用----有些猜测的人们一样受到不公平对待。
have:有
Those who allowed that it might have some value were generally shouted down and sometimes abused, along with all others vehemently suspected of the heresy of believing that genetic differences between individuals could have a role in shaping their behavioural differences.
那些认为它有一些价值的人们发出的呐喊，通常会被持不同观点人们的声音所掩盖，有时还会遭到辱骂，和那些对当时的异端邪说----即有之间的遗传差异在塑造他们各自不同的行为上起了一定的作用----有些猜测的人们一样受到不公平对待。
have:有
These included twins' political knowledge, their attitudes to racial, sexual and religious questions, their views on defence and foreign policy, and their identification with particular political parties.
这些评论报道包括了双生子的政治态度，他们在种族，性别和宗教问题上的态度，他们对国防和外交政策的看法，还有他们对特别党派的认同感。
attitudes:态度
Between the ages of 21 and 25, that had shrunk to 60% for identical twins and 40% for fraternal twins. Clearly, then, genes matter.
21到25岁，同卵双胞胎的这个数值缩小到了60%，而异卵双胞胎只有40%。那很明显，基因影响。
shrunk:缩小
Most astonishingly, the researchers found that olfactory receptors are also implicated, giving a whole, new twist to the idea that someone's political platform smells wrong.
最令人惊讶的是，研究者发现，嗅觉受体也牵连其中，提出了一个新的，整体颠覆性的全，即人的政治纲领闻起来是错误的。
whole:全
Dr Hatemi and Dr McDermott are not suggesting genetic factors directly create ideologies that relate to these matters.
哈特米和麦克德莫特博士都不相信，基因因素直接因素了与这些事务相关的思想意识。
factors:因素
Unlike the social determinists of old, however, who frequently refused to concede even the possibility of genetic influence on behaviour, the new generation of genetic political scientists are perfectly happy to acknowledge nurture along with nature.
然而，并不像老的社会决定论-这种理论甚至一直拒绝承认基因对行为影响的可能性，新一代的遗传学的政治科学家们乐于接受先天和后天的共同作用。
old:老
A Hong Kong company and a mainland firm are battling for control of Fisker, a failed maker of hybrid-electric cars based in California; a court hearing due on January 10th will consider creditors' calls for an open auction.
一家香港公司和大陆公司正在为Fisker的管理控制权而争夺不休。Fisker是加利福尼亚一家倒闭的混合动力电制造商。1月10日的庭审将考虑债权人所要求的公开拍卖。
electric:电
Production of the Karma ceased in late 2012 and, last November, Fisker followed A123 into bankruptcy.
Karma跑车在2012最后停产了，去年11月，Fisker继A123之后破产。
last:最后
Hybrid Tech Holdings, controlled by Richard Li—a son of Li Ka-shing, Hong Kong's richest tycoon—bought the DOE's loan to Fisker at a big discount and is now seeking to use its influence as a creditor to win control of the collapsed firm.
香港首富李嘉诚的儿子李泽恺的混合动力科技股份有限公司以极其优惠的价格支付了美国能源部门给Fisker的贷款，现在他正利用自己债权人的身份影响寻找机会赢得该倒闭公司的控制权。
seeking:寻找
Hybrid Tech Holdings, controlled by Richard Li—a son of Li Ka-shing, Hong Kong's richest tycoon—bought the DOE's loan to Fisker at a big discount and is now seeking to use its influence as a creditor to win control of the collapsed firm.
香港首富李嘉诚的儿子李泽恺的混合动力它的有限公司以极其优惠的价格支付了美国能源部门给Fisker的贷款，现在他正利用自己债权人的身份影响寻觅机会赢得该倒闭公司的控制权。
its:它的
BYD has already persuaded Los Angeles to accept a handful of its expensive electric buses, but getting motorists to buy pricey battery cars from a firm they have not heard of will be quite a challenge.
BYD已经说服洛杉矶购买其少量的昂贵电动公交车。但是要让车手们购买他们从未耳闻的昂贵的电动车似乎很困难。
motorists:车手
BYD has already persuaded Los Angeles to accept a handful of its expensive electric buses, but getting motorists to buy pricey battery cars from a firm they have not heard of will be quite a challenge.
BYD已经说服洛杉矶买其少量的昂贵电动公交车。但是要让司机们买他们从未耳闻的昂贵的电动车似乎很困难。
buy:买
Neither BYD nor any other Chinese firm has yet produced an electric car of anything like the quality of Tesla's Model S, which motoring pundits have showered with plaudits.
无论是BYD还是中国任何一家其他公司能制造出与Tesla S 型电动车质量相仿的电动车，该电动车赢得许多电专家的喝彩。
electric:电
Apart from the fact that the trolley would be powered by linear-induction motors rather than rockets, they are suggesting that the fantasy of 1962 might become the reality of 2050.
滑车由线性感应电动机有动力动力，而非火箭，除此之外，他们认为1962年的幻想会在2050年成为现实。
powered:有动力
Mindful that many passengers are already nervous about the whole process of getting a plane airborne, the engineers prefer to call their proposal Eco-climb.
考虑到飞机离开地面的整个过程中已经够让许多乘客紧张了，工程师更偏好将他们的提议称为环保型起飞。
prefer:偏好
Taking off in this way would both save fuel and make life more pleasant for those who live near airports.
以这种方式起飞既可以节约燃料，又活让住在机场附近的人过的更舒心些。
live:活
An induction-motor-powered platform, by contrast, would be optimised for the job at hand.
相比之下，由感应电动机有动力动力的平台最适合手头的这个工作，
powered:有动力
A launcher powered by a linear-induction motor has several advantages over the steam-driven catapults used on existing aircraft carriers, according to General Atomics.
据通用原子公司称，与现在航空母舰上使用的蒸汽动力弹射器相比，由线性感应电动机有动力动力的发射台有多个优点。
powered:有动力
But if an incoming aircraft landed on a moving platform equipped with a linear motor, the current in the motor could then be reversed to slow it down.
但如果一架准备慢的飞机在一个装有线性电动机的移动平台上着陆，电动机中的电流会反转，使飞机减速。
slow:慢
IN AUGUST environmentalists in the Philippines vandalised a field of Golden Rice, an experimental grain whose genes had been modified to carry beta-carotene, a chemical precursor of vitamin A.
8月，环保主义者在菲律宾蓄意破坏了一片金大米田地, 金大米是一种实验性的稻米，其基因被修改为维生素a的化学前体b胡萝卜素。
Rice:稻米
One of the biggest challenges facing mankind is to feed the 9 billion-10 billion people who will be alive and richer in 2050.
人类面临的最大挑战之一是到2050年，人们有粮食可吃以及有充足的饲料。
feed:饲料
If the Green revolution had never happened, and yields had stayed at 1960 levels, the world could not produce its current food output even if it ploughed up every last acre of cultivable land.
如果绿色革命从未发生过, 生产一直停留在1960年的水平, 人类即使利用每一英亩的可耕种的土地，也不能产生出目前的生产。
produce:生产
That supported the head-butting theory. The clincher, though, came when they created computerised models of pachycephalosaur skulls and mapped the damage from each of their pitted specimens on to these virtual skulls.
这支持了头部冲撞模型。不过决定性的证据来自于他们用计算机模拟的肿头龙头骨。他们将每个有坑样本的损伤部位标注在虚拟的头骨上。
models:模型
That supported the head-butting theory. The clincher, though, came when they created computerised models of pachycephalosaur skulls and mapped the damage from each of their pitted specimens on to these virtual skulls.
这支持了头部冲撞理论。不过决定性的证据来自于他们用计算机模拟的肿头龙头頭顱骨。他们将每个有坑样本的损伤部位标注在虚拟的头頭顱骨上。
skulls:頭顱骨
That supported the head-butting theory. The clincher, though, came when they created computerised models of pachycephalosaur skulls and mapped the damage from each of their pitted specimens on to these virtual skulls.
这支持了头部冲撞理论。不过决定性的证据来自于他们用计算机模拟的肿头龙头頭顱骨。他们将每个有坑样本的损伤部位标注在虚拟的头頭顱骨上。
skulls:頭顱骨
When they did this, they found that the pits were clustered—exactly as might be expected if they were the result of animals deliberately aiming at each other.
这样操作后，他们发现凹坑聚类分布，正如人们假设的那样：是肿头龙故意用头部攻击彼此的结果。
clustered:聚类
Tropical cyclones cannot form when wind speeds in the upper and lower atmosphere differ too much.
当高层和底层气旋的风速相差悬殊时，热带气旋便无法形成。
cyclones:气旋
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reckons that the frequency of cyclones will stay the same or decrease while their average intensity goes up.
政府间气候变化专门委员会估计，当飓风的平均强度增加同时，它的频率或许会保持不变甚至降低。
while:同时
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reckons that the frequency of cyclones will stay the same or decrease while their average intensity goes up.
政府间气候变化专门委员会估计，当飓风的平均强度高时，它的频率或许会保持不变甚至降低。
up:高
The protesters in Kiev want him out, just as the Orange revolutionaries of 2004 wanted an election that had been rigged in his favour to be annulled.
2004年基辅的橙色革命，示威者们对竞选中的伪造行为表示抗议，9年后同样在基辅示威者们再次抗议他的继任。
rigged:伪造
In 2004 the Orange brigades had clear leaders, a definite aim and formidable discipline.
2004年橙色派有明确的领导层，清晰的目的和严谨的纪律。
aim:目的
For Mr Putin the Orange revolution was a humiliation, which he wrongly believed had been orchestrated by the West;
对于普京来说，橙色革命时一种羞辱，因为他错误的认为这是由西方国家策划的。
humiliation:羞辱
The crushing of a protest camp on November 30th was more brutal than anything done during the Orange revolution, which resembled a month-long rock festival as much as a political upheaval.
11月30日，破碎的抗议营地比类似为期一个月摇滚音乐节的橙色革命政治动乱的任何月更加残酷。
month:月
The crushing of a protest camp on November 30th was more brutal than anything done during the Orange revolution, which resembled a month-long rock festival as much as a political upheaval.
11月30日，破碎的抗议营地比类似为期一个月摇滚音乐节的橙色革命政治动乱的任何节日更加残酷。
festival:节日
But it remains a fragile polity, divided between Russian- and Ukrainian-speakers, manipulated by Moscow and now threatened by a teetering economy, an ominous budget deficit and huge debts.
但是它仍然是一个脆弱的国家，受俄罗斯和乌克兰领导者的影响，受到莫斯科的控制，和目前不详的预算赤字，巨额债务这些摇摇欲坠的经济威胁。
debts:债务
Irreconcilable forces are tussling for control of the capital.
不可调和的控制正角逐着想要控制这个国家。
control:控制
His record—nobbling courts and the media, persecuting opponents, coddling cronies—justifies the protesters' call for a snap presidential vote.
诈骗法院和媒体，迫害对手，纵容亲信，他的这些记录都作为记录让抗议者呼吁提前举行总统选举。
record:记录
EVERY summer, Seattle holds a raft race in Green Lake, a park that is the eponymous home of the water the rafts must cross.
每年夏天，西雅图都会在绿湖举行一场木筏种族，参加种族的木筏必须渡过这个湖，这里的公园因其湖水而闻名。
race:种族
The students who built it, Matthew Rogge, Bethany Weeks and Brandon Bowman, had shredded and melted their bottles, and then used a 3D printer to print themselves a plastic vessel.
制造这个木筏的学生—马修罗格、伯斯尼威克斯和布兰登伯曼，把他们收集的塑料盒切碎后再熔化，再使用一种三维压印它压印成一种塑料容器。
it:它
Once the technology is established for toilets and water collectors, other products will be introduced.
一旦这种技术技术于厕所和集水箱，那么将会产生一系列的其它附属产品。
technology:技术
They are also experimenting with making things from other types of waste plastic that suffer less from shrinkage.
他们也在试验用其它类型的废塑料制造产品，以减少收缩性。
making:制造
They are also experimenting with making things from other types of waste plastic that suffer less from shrinkage.
他们也在试验用其它类型的废塑料制作产品，以缩小收缩性。
shrinkage:缩小
And until a production version of the printer is ready and priced, it remains to be seen how competitive its output really will be with mass-produced items.
在压印机生产出来的成品已经完全没有问题，而且定价合理的价格以前，这种产品与大批量生产的成品的竞争力谁高谁低还有待观察。
priced:定价
And until a production version of the printer is ready and priced, it remains to be seen how competitive its output really will be with mass-produced items.
在压印机输出出来的成品已经完全没有问题，而且定出合理的价格以前，这种产品与大批量输出的成品的竞争力谁高谁低还有待观察。
output:输出
And until a production version of the printer is ready and priced, it remains to be seen how competitive its output really will be with mass-produced items.
在压印机生产出来的成品已经完全没有问题，而且定出合理的价格以前，这种输出与大批量生产的成品的竞争力谁高谁低还有待观察。
output:输出
One of the judges at the 3D4D Challenge noted that many small vessels in West Africa are made from trees, such as teak, that are becoming scarce.
在三维-四维挑战赛中的一位评委已注意到，在西非，许多小容器就是由树木，比如柚木制成的，而这种木材也越来越少了。
noted:已注意到
One of the judges at the 3D4D Challenge noted that many small vessels in West Africa are made from trees, such as teak, that are becoming scarce.
在三维-四维挑战赛中的一位评委说，在西非，许多小容器就是由树木，比如柚木制成的，而这种泰克也越来越少了。
teak:泰克
Making them from waste plastic instead would be an environmental twofer: rare species would be conserved and less rubbish thrown away.
如果用废塑料制造这些容器将会对环境是一举两得：珍稀物种得到了保护，而且还减少了垃圾。
Making:制造
Making them from waste plastic instead would be an environmental twofer: rare species would be conserved and less rubbish thrown away.
如果用垃圾制作这些容器将会对环境是一举两得：珍稀物种得到了保护，而且还减少了垃圾。
rubbish:垃圾
His latest effort, known as Sunseeker Duo, was taken out of its shed in June.
其最近的成果称作追日者雙人号，于6月成形。
Duo:雙人
Like its predecessor prototypes, Sunseeker I and Sunseeker II, Sunseeker Duo looks like what it is: a glider with a propeller and lots of solar cells to generate electricity on the upper surface of its wings.
和其前辈先驱机追日者一号和追日者二号一样，追日者二人组号的外形就是一架配备了推进器以及机翼面上装有大量太阳能发电电池的滑翔机。
predecessor:先驱
Like its predecessor prototypes, Sunseeker I and Sunseeker II, Sunseeker Duo looks like what it is: a glider with a propeller and lots of solar cells to generate electricity on the upper surface of its wings.
和其前辈雏形机追日者一号和追日者二号一样，追日者雙人号的外形就是一架配备了推进器以及机翼面上装有大量太阳能发电电池的滑翔机。
Duo:雙人
That should make it easier to sell if Mr Raymond is ever able to go into full-scale production.
如果雷蒙先生能够进行全面投产的话，这一点可以促进出售。
sell:出售
The Duo has a wingspan of 23 metres and a planned weight, when the main gear and any other missing equipment is on board, of 470kg.
雙人号翼展为23米，算上主传动装置和其他未安装的设备，计划重量为470公斤。
Duo:雙人
In level flight, at an altitude of 6,000 metres, the 5kW provided by the solar panels will be enough both to drive the propeller and to recharge the batteries.
在海拔6000米的高度进行水平飞行时，太阳能电板只需提供5千瓦的动力便足够驱动推进器以及提供电池充电。
provided:提供
In level flight, at an altitude of 6,000 metres, the 5kW provided by the solar panels will be enough both to drive the propeller and to recharge the batteries.
在海拔6000米的高度进行水平飞行时，太阳能电板只需提供5千瓦的动力便足够驱动推进器以及给电池重新充电。
recharge:重新充电
One big difference between the Duo and its predecessors is that those batteries are lithium-polymer cells sitting in the wings, near the plane's centre of gravity, and not nickel-cadmium ones scattered artfully around the airframe. Lithium-polymer cells are lighter.
雙人号与其前辈的一个很大的区别是位于机翼上靠近飞机重力中心位置的锂聚合物电池，而不是巧妙地散布在机身周围的镍镉电池。锂聚合物电池重量更轻。
Duo:雙人
A machine cuts them into pieces, which are then cooled, boned and packed.
剪切机器将他们分割成块，进而冷却、去骨和包装起来。
cuts:剪切
A machine cuts them into pieces, which are then cooled, boned and packed.
碎片机器将他们分割成块，进而冷却、去骨和包装起来。
pieces:碎片
The fly-swatting workers wear green rather than white because this puts the pigs in a better mood.
由于绿色能使猪处于较更好的心情，所以，驱赶猪群的工人们均着绿色服装而不是白色。
better:更好
The government expects it to rise by a further 6.7 billion by 2020.
截止至2020年，丹麦政府预期将会有更进一步的670亿欧元的升高。
rise:升高
Plenty of smaller firms are also sprouting, which act as indicators of nascent trends and incubators of new ideas.
与此同时，大量的小型企业也在萌芽起步阶段。他们不仅是行业新趋势的引路明灯，还是创新理念的萌生之处。
sprouting:萌芽
ISI Food Protection focuses on dealing with organisms that spoil food or spread poisoning.
ISI食品保护系统集中于处理会导致食品腐坏传播毒素的微生物。
focuses:集中
They are also abandoning their insular ways, collaborating with startups and sponsoring food festivals and star chefs.
他们也放弃了原本狭隘的方式，启动与初创的新公司合作，以及赞助美食节和明星厨师。
startups:启动
Universities are adding departments: Aarhus now has a centre devoted to consumer behaviour in regard to food and DTU is focusing on bio-silicon—applying IT to food.
大学们正在增加各项部门：奥胡斯的一个研发中心致力于研究关于食品方面的消费者行为；而DTU集中于生物硅---一项将IT技术应用于食物产业的尝试。
focusing:集中
Universities are adding departments: Aarhus now has a centre devoted to consumer behaviour in regard to food and DTU is focusing on bio-silicon—applying IT to food.
大学们正在增加各项部门：奥胡斯的一个研发中心致力于研究关于食品方面的消费者行为；而DTU专注于生物硅---一项将IT资讯科技应用于食物产业的尝试。
IT:资讯科技
Against that, food is a growing industry: demand is set to rise by 60% by 2030, and Denmark's food cluster is as well placed as any to benefit.
虽然如此，食品产业仍拥有良好的发展前景：到2030年为止，需求将升高60%；丹麦的食品产业群会处于优势地位，进而盈利。
rise:升高
Its companies have lots of expertise in food safety, for example: China has identified Denmark as a model.
食品公司们有很多食品安全方面的专业它的，比如，中国目前已确定了将丹麦作为其模板来发展。
Its:它的
Its companies have lots of expertise in food safety, for example: China has identified Denmark as a model.
食品公司们有很多食品安全方面的专业技术，比如，中国目前已已确定的了将丹麦作为其模板来发展。
identified:已确定的
Danish firms are thriving at the high as well as the low end of the business:
丹麦的公司们正在积极发展着从高到低的各项企业：
firms:企业
Above all, perhaps, Danes are remarkably hard-headed about making money out of blood and soil: the Danish Crown slaughterhouse organises regular tours for visitors, including schoolchildren, with views of the killing line.
总而言之，或许，丹麦人对于从鲜血与土壤中赚钱表现得异常冷静：丹麦科王公司的屠宰场会定期组织游客团对他们的屠宰制造进行参观，而游客中还包括学生。
making:制造
To reassure those of a nervous disposition, the test flights do not carry passengers and pilots remain in the cockpit just in case things go wrong.
为了让那些神经质的人安心，测试的飞机不会有乘客，驾驶舱中安抚有驾驶员以防万一，
reassure:安抚
In that way they are similar to Google’s trials of driverless cars, which have drivers inside them to take over if necessary while on public roads.
这有点类似于谷歌无人驾驶汽车的实验，在公路上行驶同时，如有必要，车中的驾驶员可以控制汽车。
while:同时
It was organised by the Autonomous Systems Technology Related Airborne Evaluation and Assessment, the group staging the British test flights.
本次会议是由机载无人系统它评审组织举办的，就是该组织在英国进行了无人机测试。
It:它
Pilotless aircraft could carry out many jobs at a lower cost than manned aircraft and helicopters—tasks such as traffic monitoring, border patrols, police surveillance and checking power lines.
无人驾驶飞机可以完成很多工作，并且比有人驾驶的飞机和直升机成本更低，比如说承载监测，边境巡逻，警务监视及电缆检查等任务。
carry:承载
Pilotless aircraft could carry out many jobs at a lower cost than manned aircraft and helicopters—tasks such as traffic monitoring, border patrols, police surveillance and checking power lines.
无人驾驶飞机可以完成很多有人，并且比有人驾驶的飞机和直升机成本更低，比如说交通监测，边境巡逻，警务监视及电缆检查等任务。
manned:有人
Pilotless aircraft could carry out many jobs at a lower cost than manned aircraft and helicopters—tasks such as traffic monitoring, border patrols, police surveillance and checking power lines.
无人驾驶飞机可以完成很多任务，并且比有人驾驶的飞机和直升机成本更低，比如说交通监测，边境巡逻，警务监视及电缆检查等任务。
tasks:任务
In the event of an engine failure, for instance, it could use its navigational map to locate a suitable area to put down.
比如，如果一台引擎发生故障，无人机需要使用其航行图来定位合适地点降落。
locate:定位
Some of the technologies being developed are also likely to find their way into manned aircraft as a backup for pilots, and possibly for cars too.
开发出来技术中有一些可能作为飞行员的后备而技术到有人驾驶飞机，还有可能技术到汽车上。
technologies:技术
Systems that provide automatic braking and motorway-lane control, for instance, already feature in many types of car.
例如，许多种的汽车都已经配备了自动刹车及高速公路车道控制系统。
motorway:高速公路
SPEED fanatics that they are, computer nerds like to check the website of Top500, a collaboration between German and American computer scientists that keeps tabs on which of the world's supercomputers is the fastest.
作为速度控，电脑迷们喜欢查看Top500的网站，该网站是由德国和美国的网站科学家合办，记录世界上最快的超级网站。
website:网站
But Titan derives the majority of its oomph—more than 90%—from technology originally developed for the video-game industry.
但是泰坦的大部分性能源于最初由电子游戏行业开发出来的它的。
its:它的
Several years ago researchers at Nvidia and AMD realised that many scientific problems which demand huge amounts of computing power—everything from climate simulations and modelling combustion in an engine to seismic analysis for the oil-and-gas industry—could be translated into a form that was digestible by their GPUs.
几年前，英伟达及超微半导体的研究人员意识到许多需要大量运算能力的科学问题—从气候模拟及发动机燃烧方式仿真到油气行业的抗震分析—都可以转译成GPU可以理解的形式。
simulations:仿真
Because GPUs are so good at their specialised tasks, Titan can achieve its blistering performance while sipping a modest 8.2MW.
由于GPU非常擅长处理专门性务，泰坦在达到最高性能同时只是抿掉8.2MW的电力，不算太多。
while:同时
The chips that the firm sells to supercomputer-makers are almost identical to those it sells to gamers.
英伟达出售给超级计算机制造商的GPU几乎与出售给游戏玩家的GPU完全相同。
sells:出售
The chips that the firm sells to supercomputer-makers are almost identical to those it sells to gamers.
英伟达出售给超级计算机制造商的GPU几乎与出售给游戏玩家的GPU完全相同。
sells:出售
Not all problems are susceptible to being chopped up in such a way, though.
然而不是所有的问题都能以这种方式切断。
chopped:切断
Clever programmers can sometimes find a way around such issues: ray-tracing, a high-quality, mathematically intense approach to computer graphics that aims to simulate individual light rays, was, ironically, long thought to be the kind of problem that a modern GPU would struggle with.
聪明的程序员有时能够找到绕过这种问题的方法：射线追踪，是一种针对电脑图形的高质量，数学运算频繁的方法，目的是模拟单独的射线。但讽刺的是，射线追踪一直被认为是现代GPU难以处理的一类问题，
ray:射线
Clever programmers can sometimes find a way around such issues: ray-tracing, a high-quality, mathematically intense approach to computer graphics that aims to simulate individual light rays, was, ironically, long thought to be the kind of problem that a modern GPU would struggle with.
聪明的程序员有时能够找到绕过这种问题的方法：射线追踪，是一种针对电脑图形的高质量，数学运算频繁的方法，目的是模拟单独的射线。但讽刺的是，射线追踪一直被认为是现代GPU难以处理的一类问题，
rays:射线
Clever programmers can sometimes find a way around such issues: ray-tracing, a high-quality, mathematically intense approach to computer graphics that aims to simulate individual light rays, was, ironically, long thought to be the kind of problem that a modern GPU would struggle with.
聪明的程序员有时能够找到绕过这种问题的方法：射线追踪，是一种针对电脑图形的高质量，数学运算频繁的方法，目的是模拟单独的光线。但讽刺的是，射线追踪一直被认为是现代GPU难以处理的那种问题，
kind:那种
A brilliant orator, the 63-year-old attracts huge crowds around the country.
一位才能出众的63岁说话者，吸引了全国大批拥护者。
orator:说话者
Investors think that he would fire up the economy. Bright young acolytes are giving up well-paid jobs to join his campaign.
投资家们认为他可以带动经济的增长。如今聪明年轻的党羽正支付的高薪的工作加入到他的阵营。
paid:支付的
In contrast with the pampered Mr Gandhi, great-grandson of Jawaharlal Nehru and son of Sonia Gandhi, Congress's behind-the-scenes boss, Mr Modi comes from a low caste and a modest background as a tea-seller; his success is down to drive and ambition.
与国会的幕后老板—养尊处优惯了的甘地相反，莫迪只是社会地位低、背景谦卑的茶商；他的伟大的归因于他的执行力与雄心壮志。
great:伟大的
In contrast with the pampered Mr Gandhi, great-grandson of Jawaharlal Nehru and son of Sonia Gandhi, Congress's behind-the-scenes boss, Mr Modi comes from a low caste and a modest background as a tea-seller; his success is down to drive and ambition.
与国会的幕后老板—养尊处优惯了的甘地相反，莫迪只是社会姓氏低、背景谦卑的茶商；他的成功归因于他的执行力与雄心壮志。
caste:姓氏
Mr Modi talks of replicating Gujarat's rapid growth, industrial development and improved infrastructure across India.
莫迪谈话全印度可复制古吉拉特邦的快速增长，工业的发展与基础设施的改善。
talks:谈话
Mr Modi talks of replicating Gujarat's rapid growth, industrial development and improved infrastructure across India.
莫迪论及全印度可复制古吉拉特邦的快速增长，工业的发展与基础设施的发展。
development:发展
That is refreshing. Politicians usually promise subsidies and largesse for special interests.
这想法很新鲜。因为政客们通常都只是承诺给补贴并且出于特殊利益才慷慨赠予。
subsidies:补贴
In this context, Mr Modi's failure to show remorse, which goes down well with his Hindu chauvinist base, speaks volumes.
在这一背景下，莫迪没有表达一点悔恨之情，但在印度沙文主义的腹地他却是一番虔诚致歉。
remorse:悔恨
Some see this as contrary to Darwinism, since it would permit characteristics acquired during an organism's lifetime to be passed on to its offspring, as suggested by a rival theory of evolution put forward by Jean-Baptiste Lamarck.
有些人将之视为对达尔文学说的反证，因为这将允许有机体存活一生所获得的特征遗传给后代，正如法国著名生物学家让巴蒂斯特拉马克所提出的与进化论相对的学说。
lifetime:一生
But the idea that acquired characteristics can be inherited at all is still an important and novel one, and a worrying example of the phenomenon has been published this week in BioMed Central Medicine.
但是，因表观遗传现象所继承的特征完全可以遗传的观点仍然新颖且重要。本周，BioMed Central Medicine刊出了一项研究，可例证这一现象，其结果令人担忧。
inherited:继承
The rest were allowed to mature and breed, and their own offspring were similarly examined.
然后研究人员选取休息后代进行检查，其余的第二代大鼠继续生长繁殖，最后研究人员对第三代大鼠进行类似的检验。
rest:休息
that the sins of the fathers will be visited on the sons, even unto the third and fourth generations.
父亲的罪孽，会降罪至他们的下一代身上，甚至会延续至第三代或者第四代。
fathers:父亲
But because it analysed their riskiness zipcode by zipcode, it not only avoided a bail-out in the chaos that followed the collapse of Lehman, but also advised the American government and others on how to keep the financial system ticking in the darkest days of 2008,
通过一步步分析发现风险，不仅规避了雷曼兄弟破产后混乱的救市局面，还在2008年金融市场最黑暗的时候谏言美国政府及其他投资者，如何让市场继续运转跟随。
followed:跟随
Unlike banks, whose loans and deposits go on their balance-sheets as assets and liabilities, BlackRock is a mere manager of other people's money.
同借、贷款都会以资产与负债形式计入资产负债表的银行不同，贝莱德更多只是客户资产经理的身份。
manager:经理
But for regulators that want not merely to prevent a repeat of the last blow-up but also to identify the sources of future systemic perils, BlackRock raises another, subtler issue, concerning not the ownership of assets but the way buying and selling decisions are made.
要不是监管机构不仅希望避免上次金融危机重演，还想确认未来体系风险的来源，贝莱德还会引发另一微妙的问题，不是资产的所有权，而是购买或卖出的决策方式。
buying:购买
Some 17,000 traders in banks, insurance companies, sovereign-wealth funds and others rely in part on BlackRock's analytical models to guide their investing.
近1.7万来自银行、保险公司、主权财产基金或其他公司的交易员都会关注贝莱德提供的分析模型，进而指导自己的投资。
companies:公司
A principle of healthy markets is that a cacophony of diverse actors come to different conclusions on the price of things, based on their own idiosyncratic analyses.
健康市场的一大原则便是不同的参与者会就价格得出不同的结论，任何资产的价格都是不同意见相互妥协而得出最终价格。
price:价格
The results of their investigation are published this week in Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology.
他们的条查结果刊登在《行为生态学与社会社會生物學》。
Sociobiology:社會生物學
And in one crucial set of tests they paired virgin males with virgin females that had been taken off their regular diet of fruit flies a fortnight beforehand, and were thus presumed to be feeling more than a little peckish.
在一项关键性测试中，他们将未交配的雄蛛与停饲果蝇两周的雌蛛配对—此时假设雌蛛处于极度饥饿状态。
tests:测试
And in one crucial set of tests they paired virgin males with virgin females that had been taken off their regular diet of fruit flies a fortnight beforehand, and were thus presumed to be feeling more than a little peckish.
在一项关键性实验中，他们将未交配的雄蛛与停饲果蝇两周的雌蛛配对—此时假设雌蛛处于极度饥饿感觉。
feeling:感觉
Their second observation was that if a male was deemed suitable to mate with, he was never eaten in copula—even though copulation could last as long as an hour and a half.
第二个观察结果是，如果雄蛛被被认为适合交配，它们绝不会在交配中被吃—即使交配过程可能长达一个半小时。
deemed:被认为
Six years earlier listeners had asked him to investigate; he went to court after being stonewalled.
早在6年前听众让其去调查，他在有石墙后上了法庭。
stonewalled:有石墙
Rather than obliging citizens to seek the information piecemeal, Paraguay's new president, Horacio Cartes, told public bodies to publish it, though many are dragging their feet.
而不是为了使有责任心的公众有义务的是零碎的信息，巴拉圭的新任总统奥拉西奥·卡尔特，告诉公众去惩治此事，尽管许多人不愿意合作。
obliging:有义务
Since most spending goes on wages, that will squeeze patronage.
因为大多数花销都用于开支薪酬，那将会丧失庇护。
spending:开支
He has ceaselessly plugged the opportunities offered by the coming infrastructure auctions, Paraguay's abundant land, cheap labour, light-touch regulation—and, of course, low taxes.
他执着于触摸即将到来的基础设施的拍卖,如巴拉圭的富饶的耕地，廉价劳动力，温和管理模式，当然，还有低税收。
touch:触摸
A rise in land taxes is the only one planned.
耕地税的升高是唯一按照计划进行的，
rise:升高
People get used to things getting better. If you give them improvements they won't want to go back.
他依靠人民大众的力量，公开保持这种势头。人们已经习惯了越来越更好，如果你改善了他们的生活，他们将不想倒退回去。
better:更好
NECESSITY, so the proverb has it, is the mother of invention.
有句谚语说得好：没有必要性，就没有发明。
NECESSITY:必要性
Through a technique called crowdfunding, in which members of the public donate small sums to projects they like the look of, the possibility of scientific philanthropy has been extended to those of more slender means.
基于一种名为众基金的技术，公众可以捐赠他们看重的项目捐赠小额资金，科技慈善事业已扩大到微薄资金来源。
donate:捐赠
And on another crowdfunding site, Petridish, the California Academy of Sciences offered to name any new species of ant discovered during a conservation project in Madagascar after those who donate more than 5,000 to the enterprise.
培养皿网是另一个融资网站，加州科学院就因为通过该网站获得了5000多美元的项目基金，他们完成了为马达加斯加保护项目中发现的蚂蚁新物种命名的项目。
project:项目
And on another crowdfunding site, Petridish, the California Academy of Sciences offered to name any new species of ant discovered during a conservation project in Madagascar after those who donate more than 5,000 to the enterprise.
培养皿网是另一个融资网站，加州科学院就因为通过该网站获得了5000多美元的企业基金，他们完成了为马达加斯加保护企业中发现的蚂蚁新物种命名的工作。
enterprise:企业
Although the crowdfunding of science is not raising the sorts of sums sometimes attracted by those with ideas for things like video games, it has already spawned a couple of specialised platforms of its own.
尽管它融资不再是只有类似电子游戏的项目才能拿得到资金，但融资过程还是形成了自己的专业平台。
it:它
Although the crowdfunding of science is not raising the sorts of sums sometimes attracted by those with ideas for things like video games, it has already spawned a couple of specialised platforms of its own.
尽管它的融资不再是只有类似电子游戏的项目才能拿得到资金，但融资过程还是形成了自己的专业平台。
its:它的
And even those who are not immortalised in the myrmicine literature, as the CAS proposed, may still get a warm glow from the feeling that they are making a contribution to the advancement of knowledge in a way which was previously open only to philanthropists with rather fatter wallets.
在加州科学院的项目里，即使这些慈善家不会因切叶蚁属文献而流芳千古，但能让他们看到自己为知识进步做出了贡献感到欣慰，因为之前，这种方式只属于那些钱包更鼓的慈善家。
philanthropists:慈善家
A century on, there are uncomfortable parallels with the era that led to the outbreak of the First World War
一战过去已有一个世纪，回望一战却发现与当今世界有不少平行，令人不安。
parallels:平行
Globalisation and new technology—the telephone, the steamship, the train—had knitted the world together.
全球化进程加深，加上电话，蒸汽蒸汽船，火车等新技术应运而生，世界各国紧密相连。
steamship:蒸汽船
John Maynard Keynes has a wonderful image of a Londoner of the time, sipping his morning tea in bed and ordering the various products of the whole earth to his door, much as he might today from Amazon—and regarding this state of affairs as normal, certain and permanent, except in the direction of further improvement.
凯恩斯精彩描绘了当时伦敦人的生活情景，躺在床上啧吧啧吧沉浸着早茶，订购来自全世界各地的各种产品还送货上门，就像现在从亚马逊上购物一样—他们认为这种状态正常，必然且不变，要变也只会变更好。
sipping:沉浸
John Maynard Keynes has a wonderful image of a Londoner of the time, sipping his morning tea in bed and ordering the various products of the whole earth to his door, much as he might today from Amazon—and regarding this state of affairs as normal, certain and permanent, except in the direction of further improvement.
凯恩斯精彩描绘了当时伦敦人的生活情景，躺在床上啧吧啧吧茶着早茶，订购来自全世界各地的各种产品还送货上门，就像现在从亚马逊上购物一样—他们认为这种状态正常，必然且不变，要变也只会变更好。
tea:茶
John Maynard Keynes has a wonderful image of a Londoner of the time, sipping his morning tea in bed and ordering the various products of the whole earth to his door, much as he might today from Amazon—and regarding this state of affairs as normal, certain and permanent, except in the direction of further improvement.
凯恩斯精彩描绘了当时伦敦人的生活情景，躺在床上啧吧啧吧喝着早茶，订购来自全世界各地的各种产品还送货上门，就像现在从亚马逊上购物一样—他们认为这种状态正常，必然且不变，要变也只会变更产品。
products:产品
John Maynard Keynes has a wonderful image of a Londoner of the time, sipping his morning tea in bed and ordering the various products of the whole earth to his door, much as he might today from Amazon—and regarding this state of affairs as normal, certain and permanent, except in the direction of further improvement.
凯恩斯精彩描绘了当时伦敦人的生活情景，躺在床上啧吧啧吧喝着早茶，订购来自全世界各地的各种产品还送货上门，就像现在从亚马逊上购物一样—他们有关这种状态正常，必然且不变，要变也只会变更好。
regarding:有关
It cost 9m lives—and many times that number if you take in the various geopolitical tragedies it left in its wake, from the creation of Soviet Russia to the too-casual redrawing of Middle Eastern borders and the rise of Hitler.
一战中，900万人丧生；一战后，苏联建国，中东地区的中边界被草率划定，希特勒迅速崛起，若把这些尾随一战而来的地缘政治惨剧都囊括在内的话，死亡人数可就要翻好几番了。
Middle:中
Humanity can learn from its mistakes, as shown by the response to the economic crisis, which was shaped by a determination to avoid the mistakes that led to the Depression.
从经济危机的应对便可看出，人类能从错误中吸取教训，尤其当人们有形不再重蹈经济大萧条的覆辙时。
shaped:有形
So does the explosive power of a modern conflagration: the threat of a nuclear holocaust is a powerful brake on the reckless escalation that dispatched a generation of young men into the trenches.
同样，想到现代冲突带来的爆炸威力：核 holocaust的威胁有力的刹住了不顾后果的冲突升级，新一代年轻男子也就无需匍匐战壕了。
holocaust:holocaust
Its main trading partner,China, plays the part of Germany, a new economic power bristling with nationalist indignation and building up its armed forces rapidly.
中国，美国最主要的贸易伙伴，则类似当时的德国，同为新兴经济力量，同样充斥着愤怒的民族主义者，同样在迅速地构建军事力量。
indignation:愤怒
Its main trading partner,China, plays the part of Germany, a new economic power bristling with nationalist indignation and building up its armed forces rapidly.
中国，美国最主要的贸易伙伴，则类似当时的德国，同为新兴经济力量，同样充斥着愤懑的民族主义者，同样在迅速地建筑军事力量。
building:建筑
Modern Japan is France, an ally of the retreating hegemon and a declining regional power.
日本就如当时的法盟友，同为衰退霸权盟友的同盟者，在地区的影响力同样下降。
ally:盟友
The parallels are not exact—China lacks the Kaiser's territorial ambitions and America's defence budget is far more impressive than imperial Britain's—but they are close enough for the world to be on its guard.
不过，并无完全相同，中国缺少德国扩张的野心，美国的国防预算也远强于那时的英帝国。然而，这种高度平行已足以令世界提高警惕。
parallels:平行
And the European Union, which came together in reaction to the bloodshed of the 20th century, is looking more fractious and riven by incipient nationalism than at any point since its formation.
而欧盟，在20世纪为抵制流血而结成联盟，如今民族主义抬头，欧盟呈现出自成立以来最为分裂的状态，内部也极易起冲突。
bloodshed:流血
One is a system for minimising the threat from potential dangers.
其一，构建安全体系，将潜在威胁降到最低。
threat:威胁
and a local rival to secure a stake in one of the world's biggest copper and gold mines,on the island of Sumbawa.
以及一家当地竞争对手而赢得一家位于松巴哇岛的全世界最大的金、铜开采企业之一的赌注。
stake:赌注
The deals crowned the family business's recovery from near collapse in 2008,
这些交易使得Bakrie家族成功的从2008年的崩溃中靠近。
near:靠近
when a plunge in the shares of six Bakrie-linked firms prompted the Indonesia Stock Exchange to close for three days.
在那一年，六家Bakrie家族相关的公司股票的暴跌甚至一度发出的印尼的证券交易所被迫关闭三天。
prompted:发出的
and its support of an investigation of the president's Democrat Party, which have been accused of embezzling government funds.
以及支持总统民主党的某项被指控贪污政府公款的调查。
investigation:调查
Mr Bakrie rejects any suggestion that he wields undue influence.
Mr Bakrie坚决否认那些他操纵不正当影响的说法。
wields:操纵
Japan's government has been seeking advice from foreign scientists about how to reduce the radiation levels.
日本政府一直在向外国科学家寻找如何减少辐射水平的建议。
seeking:寻找
Japan also finds itself facing huge costs for cleaning up after the nuclear disaster and for paying damages to victims.
日本自己也发现它面临着核事故后的清理工作和受害者损害的巨大代价。
damages:损害
THORNE LAY: "Those are mostly design weaknesses that a good engineering think-through might say, let's put the backup power at very high elevations so that it could not possibly get drowned out."
索恩·雷：“这更多是设计缺陷，一个它上的全面考虑可能会说，让我们把备用电源安放到非常高的高海拔地区，这样它们就不可能会被淹没了。”
it:它
Still, he says, they cannot provide decision makers with all the answers.
然而他表示，他们不能提供决策者提供所有答案。
provide:提供
THORNE LAY: "We will try to our best to give early warning if that's possible and set up emergency response systems, but ultimately individuals have to prepare themselves."
索恩·雷：“有可能的话，我们会尽最大最好的提供早期预警并建立应急响应系统。但归根到底每个人都必须自己做好准备。”
best:最好的
The cost of building a nuclear plant and producing electricity from it is much higher than other sources of power.
核电站建筑和生产电力的成本远远高于其它电力来源。
building:建筑
Several can now be found in beach and mountain resort towns and a few modest-sized cities.
”现在在海滩和山上等景区，及一些中等规模的城市中都可以找到一些这种公寓避难所。
resort:避难所
Here's how it works: You buy - not rent - what amounts to an apartment or suite.
这是它的经营理念:你要做的是买，而不是租住，相当于一套公寓或套房。
buy:买
So far, according to the USA Today newspaper, a great many of the nation's condo-hotel units have been purchased not by rich individuals but by richer corporations, including foreign ones, that want a nice place for their executives to stay when they're in town or working late at the office.
到目前为止,根据《今日美国》报纸报道,许多公寓酒店不是富有的有购买而是由富有的公司购入,其中也包括很多外国企业,这些公司希望当他们的执行官在城里或者在办公室工作到很晚的时候，有这样一个不错的地方可以选择。
have:有
To have a crush, “crush,” on someone is when you are romantically interested in someone.
Have a crush on someone指的是你对有有意思——暗恋。
have:有
This is also a term we use sometimes with high school students or junior high school students.
这个期限我们也经常用于高中生或是初中生身上。他们懂得暗恋了。
term:期限
When Becky says, “maybe,” she's saying maybe she likes you, and Curt immediately says, “And, maybe not. Maybe she just wants to tell me she’s not interested in me.”
‘太好了，也许……’，Court马上抢了说说，‘也许不是……’当Becky说Maybe的时候，她的言下之意是，也许Joyce喜欢Curt；但是Curt马上说，‘也许不是呢……也许她只是想告诉我她对我不来电’。
saying:说
To be interested in someone means that you like them romantically, that you have a crush on them perhaps.
be interested in someone指的是爱恋有，也许是种暗恋。
have:有
A deadline for private creditors to join a multi-billion euro Greek bond swap has now passed without an announcement on the outcome of negotiations.
私人债权人加入价值数十亿欧元的希腊债券交换的最后期限已到，却没有相关的协商结果宣布出来。
swap:交换
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei has welcomed a statement by President Obama that there's a window of opportunity to solve the Iranian nuclear issue diplomatically. Ayatollah Khamenei said they were good words although he said the US still wanted to bring the Iranian people to their knees through sanctions.
奥巴马总统宣称，用外交手段解决伊朗核问题的机会是有的，伊朗最高领导人Ayatollah Khamenei对此表示欢迎，尽管他说美国仍希望通过制裁来制服伊朗人民。
opportunity:机会
But a BBC correspondent points out that Mr Obama said Washington would take no options off the table in order to stop Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon.
然而，一位BBC记者指出，奥巴马曾说过，美国可能采取军事手段来阻止伊朗取得核武器。
obtaining:取得
Indigenous protesters in Ecuador have begun a two-week march across the country to demand that the government abandon plans for large-scale mining projects.
厄瓜多尔土著抗议者在全国上下进行的游行已持续两周，他们需求政府放弃大范围的采矿计划。
demand:需求
Ecuador's main indigenous organisation says mining will contaminate water supplies.
厄瓜多尔主要的土著组织称开矿会污染主要。
main:主要
But you can also use it when you're talking about a speaker's past or future position - so "They came back to our house" or "Can you come to the party?"
但是我们也可以在涉及到说话人过去和将来的位置时用这个词，例如，" They came back to our house他们来了了屋子里"或者" Can you come to the party?你可以来参加派对吗"。
came:来了
One night, the village council met in the big igloo of Klosh-kwan, the chief.
一天晚上，部落酋长Klosh -kwan在他的大屋里召开了村议会。
chief:酋长
As I say, Bok hunted greatly, but is now dead.
正如我刚刚所说，我父亲Bok当初猎人回来很多肉，但他现在已不在人世了。
hunted:猎人
"Go you men, with dogs and sleds. Follow my footsteps.
他说：“大家快带着狗和雪橇跟着我的脚印追踪吧。
Follow:追踪
Keesh, trying to be a man, said to her, "Come, Ikeega, let us eat.
Keesh像一个男人似的对她说：“Ikeega，我们来吃肉吧。
man:男人
There was talk of making him chief, after old Klosh-kwan.
还有人说要让他担任老酋长Klosh -kwan的接班人。
chief:酋长
It was even bigger than the igloo of the Chief Klosh-kwan.
它甚至比酋长Klosh -kwan的屋子还大。
Chief:酋长
On Keesh's next trip, two young hunters, Bim and Bawn, followed him.
随后，Keesh跟随捕猎时，Bim和Bawn着两位年轻的猎人便跟在他后面。
followed:跟随
When the meat gets inside the bear, the meat gets warm, and the bone goes snap!
当这块肉到了熊的肚里，它就会温度变暖而变软，然后鲸骨就会啪的一下就温暖。
warm:温暖
Because he used head-craft, instead of witchcraft, he rose from the poorest igloo to be the chief in the village.
通过智慧而不是巫术，他从村落里最落魄的一户人成为了酋长。
chief:酋长
She says much of information presented in the video is old.
她指出，该视频中呈现的信息大多已经老。
old:老
Dr Post hopes to satisfy at least part of that demand by making the stuff in factories, in a way that converts about 50% of the nutrients into something people can eat.
Post博士希望通过把50%的营养转换成可食用肉的方法，使工厂制造的肉至少能满足人们的部分需求。
making:制造
When they have done so, they are encouraged to exercise and build up their strength by being given their own gym equipment (pieces of Velcro to which they can anchor themselves in order to stretch and relax spontaneously).
完成这个阶段后，它们还要经过锻炼来高自己的强度，也就是为它们提供一些“健身器材”（为了能让它们自发地伸展和放松，需把它们固定在维可牢上）。
up:高
The fatty cells of adipose tissue, needed for juiciness, are grown separately and then combined with the muscle cells before the whole thing is cooked.
那些脂肪组织的脂肪细胞需要合并多汁性，则要进行单独培养，在整个被烹调之前，还要把它和肌肉组织结合在一起。
combined:合并
Producing meat in Petri dishes is not commercially viable, but Dr Post hopes to scale things up-first by growing the cells on small spheres floating in tanks and ultimately by using scaffolds made of biodegradable polymer tubes, which would both add the third dimension needed for a juicy steak and provide a way of delivering nutrients and oxygen to the steak’s interior.
在培养皿中生产肉不具有商业可行性，但Post博士希望把规模成倍扩大--首先把细胞培养在大容里面的球形漂浮物上，最后再使用可降解聚合物试管做支承，这样既能高多汁牛肉所需的视觉真实感，还能提供传递营养和氧气到牛肉内部的通路。
up:高
The upshot would be a world with fewer stock animals. Not only would that liberate land, it would reduce greenhouse-gas emissions (cattle are notorious sources of methane, which is a much more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide).
这样最终结果将是世界再也不必饲养那么多动物，不仅可以解放土地，还可以减少温室甲烷的排放（牛是臭名昭著的甲烷释放源，且甲烷是比二氧化碳更严重的温室甲烷）。
methane:甲烷
Using a sophisticated cell-sorting technique, the researchers developed a way to identify ovarian stem cells that works for both mice and humans.
研究人员运用尖端的细胞分选技术，找出技术，证实人类和老鼠身上都存在卵巢干细胞。
technique:技术
This uses a woman’s own stem cells to provide her eggs with extra energy by creating fresh mitochondria-sub-units that exist within cells and supply them with energy.
今年7月，该公司将开始提供一种全新的疗法：使用卵巢干细胞制造线粒体（提供细胞提供能量的细胞器），提供妇女的卵细胞增添活力。
provide:提供
As it turns out, it was the worst movie I had seen.”
这句话的意思是，我去看了电影最糟糕的发现电影烂得要死。
worst:最糟糕的
A back-up, “back- up,” singer is not the lead singer, not the main singer. Usually, this is someone who stands at the side or in back and sings music along with the song, but you can't hear them necessarily as a separate singer because there's usually more than one back-up singer.
Back up singer指的是不是主唱，通常指的是，站在旁边或是靠后一点在那儿的歌手，他们跟着音乐唱，但是不是独唱，大家不一定能听到，因为一般不止一位助唱。
there:在那儿
And, that is a tape - or now, I guess it would be a CD - that you record a song and you send it to record companies or other people who might be interested in hearing you, and if they like it, then you will get some work. You'll get some gigs.
这就是录音带，现在可能变成了CD的如，是被用来录制歌曲的，录好之后寄给一些唱片公司或是可能会对你的歌曲感兴趣的人，如果他们喜欢，那你就有可能找到活儿干，会有表演的机会。
like:如
The opening act, “act,” is the first band when you go to a concert, a performance.
Opening act指的是音乐会上第一个出场的乐队或是音乐会的节目。
concert:音乐会
The United Nations says an estimated 1.5 million people in Syria are in need of food aid. The announcement by the UN humanitarian affairs office came as the UN humanitarian envoy Valerie Amos said not enough aid was reaching Syrians in need. Imogen Foulkes reports from Geneva.
联合国称，叙利亚估计有150万人需要食物援助，该宣布是联合国人道主义事务所发布的，联合国人道主义使者Valerie Amos也称有需要的叙利亚人并没有收到足够的援助，Imogen Foulkes在日内瓦的报道。
announcement:宣布
From there, they hope to begin the relief operation, but it all depends on Damascus agreeing.
如今，联合国援助人员已取决于批准进入以作初步评估。
depends:取决于
The Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos has said the participation of Greece's private sector creditors in the country's multi-billion euro bond swap exceeded all expectations.
希腊财长Evangelos Venizelos称，希腊私人债权人参与本国数十亿欧元债券交换行动超过了预期。
swap:交换
The eurozone finance ministers announced that Greece had met the conditions to receive around $47bn.
欧元区财长们宣称，希腊有条件接受约470 亿美元资金。
receive:接受
But Italy's Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi seemed unimpressed with that line. He's continued to demand what he called "utmost clarity" from Britain with regards to what happened.
但意大利外长Giulio Terzi对此解释表示并不满意，他继续需求英国对所发生的事进行它他所谓的“完全澄清”。
demand:需求
Documents released in Japan show that the government knew within hours of last year's tsunami that there was a risk of a meltdown at the Fukushima nuclear power plant, but kept the knowledge secret.
日本流出的文件资料显示，去年海啸发生几小时前，政府就知道福岛核电站有熔化的风险，但却没有公开。
risk:风险
Documents released in Japan show that the government knew within hours of last year's tsunami that there was a risk of a meltdown at the Fukushima nuclear power plant, but kept the knowledge secret.
日本流出的文件秘密显示，去年海啸发生几小时前，政府就知道福岛核电站有熔化的危险，但却没有公开。
secret:秘密
But if it’s alone, like a noun, we do put's' for the plural.
但是，如果other单独被当作名词来使用，我们会在其复数如后面加上s。
like:如
But if it’s alone, like a noun, we do put's' for the plural.
但是，如果other单独被当作名词来使用，我们会在其复数复数后面加上s。
plural:复数
So, back to other – no ‘s' in the plural if it’s an adjective, the other houses, ‘s' if it’s a plural noun, I’ll tell the others.
再回到Other这个词，other做形容词时，没有others这种复数，如the other houses；但是如果是当作复数名词用，则加s，如，I’ll tell the others。
plural:复数
So, back to other – no ‘s' in the plural if it’s an adjective, the other houses, ‘s' if it’s a plural noun, I’ll tell the others.
再回到Other这个词，other做形容词时，没有others这种复数，如the other houses；但是如果是当作复数名词用，则加s，如，I’ll tell the others。
plural:复数
If what Bonni Kealy of Washington State University told a meeting of the American Mathematical Society and the Mathematical Association of America, held in Boston on January 4th-7th, is right, the moniker is more apt than its inventors could have known.
1月4日-7日，在波士顿举办的美国数学系会和美国数学联合会的一次会议上，来自华盛顿州立大学的Bonni Kealy发言，如果她所讲属实，那么虎灌丛这个绰号比发明家的理由都更恰如其分。
inventors:发明家
If the environment being spread through is an animal embryo and the reagents are hormones that trigger the differentiation of the body’s pigment-producing cells, the upshot is a distinct pattern of pigmentation.
如果扩散环境是动物胚胎，反应物是诱发身体色素产生细胞差异的荷尔蒙，那么结果就是斑驳的色素。
pigment:色素
THE disaster last year at the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant, caused by an earthquake and tsunami, scored seven on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES). No worse rating exists.
去年，地震和海啸引发了福岛第一原子能发电站核泄漏事故，在国际核与辐射事件等级尺度（INES）中被评为第七级；没有比这情况还糟的分级了。
Scale:尺度
THE disaster last year at the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant, caused by an earthquake and tsunami, scored seven on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES). No worse rating exists.
去年，地震和海啸引发了福岛第一原子能发电站核泄漏事故，在国际核与辐射事件等级标准（INES）中被评为第七级；没有比这情况还更糟的分级了。
worse:更糟
Upon closer examination the researchers found that 14 species of bird lived in both regions, including the barn swallow, great tit, great reed warbler, buzzard and Eurasian jay.
周围环绕着农田和森林.经过进一步考试，研究人员发现两地有14种相同的鸟类，包括家燕、大山雀、大苇莺、鵟、松鸦。
examination:考试
To do this, during July 2011, the researchers counted and identified birds at 300 locations near Fukushima that had radiation levels as low as 0.5 microsieverts per hour and as high as 35 (for comparison, dental X-rays rarely expose patients to more than 0.05 microsieverts).
2011年7月，研究人员清点并鉴定了福岛核电站附近300个地点的鸟类。这些地点的辐射高低至0.5毫西弗/小时，高至35毫西弗/小时。
high:高
Then they compared these results to bird data collected in areas that had the same range of radiation levels near Chernobyl between 2006 and 2009.
作为对照，牙医给患者拍X光片的辐射量很少超过0.05毫西弗。他们将结果与在切尔诺贝利周围数据的数据进行了比对。
data:数据
This makes sense: in those areas with a high level of radiation, living things would tend to die or sicken and fail to reproduce.
这是合情合理的：辐射高高的地方，生物更容易生病死亡，更难繁衍后代。
high:高
The World Health Organization has been recommending several ways to reduce the risk of hemorrhage immediately after birth.
世卫组织已经提出了几种减少产后大出血风险的办法。
reduce:减少
The births happened in sixteen hospitals and two primary health-care centers in eight countries.
他们分别在8个中心的16个医院和2个初级卫生保健中心分娩。
centers:中心
There was serious blood loss in 1.9 percent of the women who received the procedure, compared to 2.1 percent of those in the simplified group.
接受了控制性脐带牵引的女性中严重失血的百分比为1.9%，相比而言，另一组只接受了简单措施的女性中严重失血百分比为2.1%。
percent:百分比
There was serious blood loss in 1.9 percent of the women who received the procedure, compared to 2.1 percent of those in the simplified group.
接受了控制性脐带牵引的女性中严重失血的百分比为1.9%，相比而言，另一组只接受了简单措施的女性中严重失血百分比为2.1%。
percent:百分比
Everyone who finishes the course receives a grade and proof of completion.
完成课程的学生会接收一个评分等级和结业证明。
receives:接收
So how does David Evans compare the education in MOOCs to traditional teaching?
那么，埃文斯如何对比网络公开课程教学和传统教学？
teaching:教学
And there's been progress in vaccine research, although an effective vaccine is still considered years away.
另外，疫苗研究也取得进展，尽管研究出有效的疫苗仍被考虑需要数年时间。
considered:考虑
"We shouldn't just be looking at HIV/AIDS as a health problem, but also as an economic problem because of the huge costs that are incurred in treating people as well as prevention.
卢莱说:"我们不应该只将HIV/艾滋看一个健康问题，还应把它看一个经济问题，因为相关的治疗和预防费用高昂。
looking:看
The study tries to calculate how much money a country would save if it prevented one HIV infection.
世行的这项研究设法计算如果保存一例HIV感染病例，一个国家可以节省多少钱。
save:保存
For example, it says Uganda would save nearly $6,000 for each new infection that was prevented.
举例来说，这项研究指出，每保存一例新感染病例，乌干达就可以节省近6000美元，南非可以节省2500美元。
save:保存
South Africa could save $2,500 per infection. "So it's a huge saving if they really did prevention more effectively.
卢莱说:"因此，如果这些国家真正更有效地保存艾滋病，就能节省大量资金。
save:保存
MSF has been collecting data from its clinics around the world.
无国界医生组织从其分布在世界各处的诊所数据数据。
data:数据
And we're finding that two-thirds of our patients are MDR, which is just an astounding number," she said.
我们发现三分之二的病人是耐多药结核病,简直是惊人的的数量。”
astounding:惊人的
There's good reason why patients with MDR-TB would stop taking their medication.
抗药性结核病患者有很好的为什么?会停止服用他们的药物。
why:为什么?
We think that somewhere in the range of fifteen hundred to two thousand of them returned.
我们认为他们中有1500到2000人返回了马里。
returned:返回
Ms. Nuland says the change of power in Libya has affected security in the Sahel area, with rebels again fighting for an independent Islamic state.
纽兰女士表示，利比亚政权的更替已经影响到了萨赫勒地区的安全局势，叛乱分子再次为争取一个独立的伊斯兰国家战斗。
fighting:战斗
Arches are formations that look like half a circle above an opening or hole in a rock.
拱石是指岩石的洞或洞孔上部呈半圆的形状。
hole:洞
As time passed, the area filled with material left by rivers.
随着时间的已通过，河流在这个地方留下了很多物质。
passed:已通过
As time passed, the area filled with material left by rivers.
随着时间的推移，河流在这个地方留下了很多材料。
material:材料
But they say the land formation continues to change slowly over time.
但他们也提到，陆地的结构仍然会随着时间的继续缓慢地改变。
continues:继续
One of these areas is called the Maze District.
其中一个區叫做迷宫地区。
District:區
This area includes rock art made by people who lived there more than two thousand years ago.
这里有两千多年前在此居住的人们所艺术的岩石艺术品。
art:艺术
Yet many people today cannot see the Maze District because it is so difficult to reach.
然而，现在很多人都不能看到这个迷宫地区，因为要进入这个區实在太难了。
District:區
From high in the air, visitors can clearly see the third area of the park -- a high broad flat rock known as the Island in the Sky.
再高空中，游客们可以清楚島嶼看到该园区内的第三个区域——被称为“空中之岛”的一座高大且广阔的平坦岩石。
Island:島嶼
It is considered to be the most unusual geologic structure in the area.
它被考虑是该地区最不同寻常的地质结构。
considered:考虑
Most people who visit America's national parks bring a camera and take many pictures.
参观美国国家公园的游客们大多都参观带上一个相机，拍很多照片。
visit:参观
At a time when holiday-booking is going online, Thomas Cook has spent the past few years (and lots of money) merging with high-street travel outfits in Britain and Europe.
过去下假期安排可网上预订，托马斯库克在过去几年花费财力来兼并英国和欧洲商业街的旅行商团队。
past:过去
Thomas Cook could sell some of its seven hotels or its 6% stake in National Air Traffic Services, a navigation provider.
可能会卖掉7家酒店中的几家，或卖掉英国国家空中交通服务公司（National Air Traffic Services，提供导航服务）6%的赌注。
stake:赌注
Thomas Cook was planning to report its full-year results on November 24th, but it postponed the announcement until discussions with its creditors are complete.
托马斯库克公司计划在11月24日提交全年报告，但又将宣布时间延期至与贷款方讨论完成之后。
complete:完成
WHEN Fred Luter, the pastor of a large congregation in a flood-damaged section of New Orleans, assumes the presidency of the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) at its annual meeting in June, it will not be the usual passing of the baton for America’s largest Protestant denomination. Mr Luter, who is black, will become the standard-bearer of a group with a long history of racism.
弗雷德.路特是新奥尔良一个遭受洪灾破坏街区的大会牧师，在美南浸信会六月年公约接任会长，这将是美国新教最大教派领袖一次不同寻常的交接，路特这个黑人将成为这个有着悠久种族歧视历史教会的旗手。
Convention:公约
Mr Luter took over Franklin Avenue Baptist Church in 1986, when the congregation had dwindled to a few dozen because its mostly white membership had fled to the suburbs.
路特于1986年接管富兰克林街道浸信会教堂，当时该教区信徒数目已缩小到了几十人，因为很多白人会员已经逃离郊区。
fled:逃离
Yet Mr Luter’s rise to the presidency of the organisation is more than a matter of symbolism.
然而路特升职为会长不单是形式上的象征主义。
symbolism:象征主义
This has made him an inspiring speaker at previous SBC conventions.
这也让他成为以往美南浸信会( SBC)公约上振奋人心的演说家。
conventions:公约
But, he added, “he gives us an opportunity…to say something about who we want to be.”
但他补充道，“他给我们一个说...告诉世人我们究竟想成为什么样的人。
say:说
Rick Santorum continues to draw support from religious voters and from Republicans who consider themselves very conservative.
桑托勒姆继续寻求宗教气息浓厚的选民以及自考虑很保守的共和党人的支持。
consider:考虑
"I think right now the way things are going, Mitt Romney just needs to be patient and he's going to be the nominee," noted Olsen.
但是美国企业研究所的专家奥尔森已注意到，罗姆尼最终赢得提名的机会，仍旧被认为最高。
noted:已注意到
"I think there is a great likelihood at the end of the race that most Republican voters will come home, just as after the [Hillary] Clinton and [Barack] Obama race where there was bitterness and different types of voters, most Democratic voters ended up supporting the nominee," Fortier explained.
Fortier解释说，“我想，大选末期，大多数共和党选民很有可能会回家，希拉里克林顿和奥巴马种族时也是这样，其中也有一番辛苦滋味，有各种各样的选民，大多数民主党选民最终还是支持自己的候选人。
race:种族
"I think there is a great likelihood at the end of the race that most Republican voters will come home, just as after the [Hillary] Clinton and [Barack] Obama race where there was bitterness and different types of voters, most Democratic voters ended up supporting the nominee," Fortier explained.
Fortier解释说，“我想，大选末期，大多数共和党选民很有可能会回家，希拉里克林顿和奥巴马种族时也是这样，其中也有一番辛苦滋味，有各种各样的选民，大多数民主党选民最终还是支持自己的候选人。
race:种族
For example, if you are drinking a cup of coffee or you are eating soup, it's not considered polite to slurp it.
例如，假如你在咖啡或者汤的时候发出了声音，不会被认为不礼貌。
coffee:咖啡
For example, if you are drinking a cup of coffee or you are eating soup, it's not considered polite to slurp it.
例如，假如你在喝咖啡或者汤的时候发出了声音，不会被考虑不礼貌。
considered:考虑
That is slurping and it's considered rude to do that, to make a noise when you are eating your soup or drinking something out of a cup or glass.
这就是砸吧嘴的声音，而这样做会被考虑很粗鲁；slurping，就像在喝汤或者从杯子里喝什么东西的时候那样发出的声音。
considered:考虑
That is slurping and it's considered rude to do that, to make a noise when you are eating your soup or drinking something out of a cup or glass.
这就是砸吧嘴的噪音，而这样做会被认为很粗鲁；slurping，就像在喝汤或者从杯子里喝什么东西的时候那样发出的噪音。
noise:噪音
It's, however, acceptable now to slurp your noodles when you are eating.
但是，如果是在吹嘘面条的时候发出声音，这是可以被接受的。
slurp:吹嘘
If you are eating spaghetti, people will often slurp up the rest of the noodle that doesn't go into their mouth, they want to get it in their mouth.
在吹嘘意大利面时，人们会把不能放进嘴里的面条嘬进口里，他们想把面条放进嘴里。
slurp:吹嘘
This may be different in other countries, but it's okay to do that, but you, again, try not to make any noise.
但是，话说回来，（跟美国家庭吃饭时）还是尝试不要弄出噪音吧。
noise:噪音
So, if you're in a restaurant and someone brings...the waiter brings food to two people and two people don't have food, the two people that do have food wait until the other two people get their food.
在餐馆里，有……服务生会给你上东西，假如是两个人一起在用餐，他们会等到对方都拿到吃的才会开始吃。
have:有
So, if you're in a restaurant and someone brings...the waiter brings food to two people and two people don't have food, the two people that do have food wait until the other two people get their food.
在餐馆里，有……服务生会给你上东西，假如是两个人一起在用餐，他们会等到对方都拿到吃的才会开始吃。
have:有
But, that's the custom is to wait until everyone has their food, or everyone has gotten the food from the table if you are eating at home.
但是，（如果是在家里用餐）一般的习惯是等着大家都拿到食物（才开始吃饭）。
custom:习惯
It's also considered rude to burp at the dinner table.
在餐桌上打嗝也是被考虑不礼貌的。
considered:考虑
It's also considered polite, at the dinner table, to keep your mouth closed when you are eating, not to chew, “chew,” with your mouth open.
在用餐时闭着嘴巴咀嚼也被考虑是礼貌的举止。
considered:考虑
To chew means to take your food in between your teeth, you move your teeth up and down so that you break down the food, you make it smaller so you can swallow it.
chew指的是上下移动牙齿咀嚼食物，把食物吃香好进行吞咽。
chew:吃香
There are some foods in the U.S. that you can eat with your hands.
在美国有些食物需要用双手拿吃吃。
eat:吃
Or if you're in an Asian restaurant or in an Asian house - Asian-American house - with your chopsticks, but there are some foods that you can eat with your hand.
或者要是在亚洲的一些餐馆或者在某个亚洲人的家里——如亚洲籍的美国人家庭里，会用筷子吃东西，但是有些食物是需要用吃吃的。
eat:吃
Fried chicken, not any kind of chicken, but chicken that is fried, that is usually a piece of chicken with some flour on it that is put into oil, very hot oil, and fried. You can eat fried chicken with your hands.
炸鸡块——不是所有的鸡块，而是炸鸡块，通常拌有佐料然后放进锅里进行煎炸的鸡块，你可以用吃吃。
eat:吃
Corn on the cob, “cob,” is corn that is still on the stick, and it's very popular in the summertime for people to eat corn on the cob using their hands.
corn on the cob指的是玉米棒子，人们在夏天喜欢用吃玉米棒子吃。
eat:吃
Whole pieces of fruit, like an apple or a banana, of course, you can also eat with your hands.
整个整个的水果，如苹果香蕉等，你当然也是可以用吃吃。
eat:吃
If you come to my house, you would say, “Thank you for the terrible” or “horrible meal. It was really bad,” because that would be, of course, the truth.
假如大家来我家作客，你们可能会说‘感谢你这顿糟糕的宴请’，因为这是真话。
truth:真话
Beginning in 1961, after the Constitution was changed, there is now a law that says that you can vote for the president if you live in Washington, DC, but you do not have a representative.
从1961年开始，对宪法进行改变以后，现在有一项宪法在规定，只要你住在华盛顿特区，你可以参加总统投票，但是不会有代表。
Constitution:宪法
There are the Capitol Building, which is where the Congress is; the White House, which is where the president lives; and the headquarters, or home, of the Supreme Court, which is the top legal authority in terms of our judicial system.
这里有国会房子，国会就在里面；有白宫，总统居住的地方；有最高法院的本部，这可是司法体系中的最高法律权威。
House:房子
There are the Capitol Building, which is where the Congress is; the White House, which is where the president lives; and the headquarters, or home, of the Supreme Court, which is the top legal authority in terms of our judicial system.
这里有国会大厦，国会就在里面；有白宫，总统家的地方；有最高法院的本部，这可是司法体系中的最高法律权威。
home:家
Washington, DC is also famous for two other things - two other types of buildings.
华盛顿还以两种类型的建筑物而闻名。
types:类型
These aren't exactly buildings, but a memorial, “memorial,” is a statue or a small building that is built to remember someone.
事实上它们并不是建筑物，因为它们只是纪念碑：memorial可能是一个雕像或者一个小型的几年某个人的建筑物。
statue:雕像
The Smithsonian Museums are a collection of museums - art museums, history museums. There's a museum for air and space, there's a museum for American Indians. There are museums for lots of different groups and types of art, and so that is also something that most people, when they go to Washington, will want to visit.
史密森尼博物馆是旗下有很多博物馆：艺术类的，历史类的……这里还有航空航天博物馆，有美国印第安人博物馆，还有很多不同的艺术博物馆，很多人到华盛顿参观去参观这些东西。
visit:参观
To be full, “full,” of yourself means that you think you are better than everyone else.
be full of yourself指的是你觉得你比任何人都更好。
better:更好
An inquiry - sometimes pronounced inquiry - is a investigation.
inquiry有时候会念成inquiry指的是‘调查/调查。
investigation:调查
The noun, inquiry, is usually an investigation by the government or by some organization or company.
名词调查通常指的是政府或者某个组织/公司进行的调查。
investigation:调查
The issue flares into mainstream debate only when prominent killers-such as Ajmal Kasab, the surviving attacker among a group of Islamists who carried out a massacre in Mumbai in November 2008-appear to be heading to the gallows.
这种事很少引起主流辩论，只当诸如阿加莫?卡萨布那样著名的杀人犯即将走上绞刑架闪电才会发生。卡萨布是2008年11月发动孟买大屠杀的伊斯兰恐怖袭击者中唯一幸存的人。
flares:闪电
British rulers ordered “so many murders”, he says, “my father was unable to sit, he was always called for a hanging”.
英国统治者下令进行了“这么多谋杀”，他说。“我父亲连坐下来的工夫都没有，老是被人叫来叫去英国人行刑。”
British:英国人
Officials point out that two of South Korea’s biggest banks opened here in 2009, and South Korean engineers are building Phnom Penh’s highest building.
有官员指出，2009年，韩国最大的两家银行在此开业。韩国的工程师正在建筑金边最高的建筑。
building:建筑
Officials point out that two of South Korea’s biggest banks opened here in 2009, and South Korean engineers are building Phnom Penh’s highest building.
有官员指出，2009年，韩国最大的两家银行在此开业。韩国的工程师正在建筑金边最高的建筑。
building:建筑
To meet soaring demand for knowledge about South Korea, a new department of public diplomacy was set up two years ago by the Korea Foundation, a government quango.
想要了解韩国的人群正急剧高，为了满足这种需求，韩国国际交流集团（Korea Foundation）两年前成立了一个新的公共外交部门，属于政府的半官方机构。
up:高
This runs an “Intellectual Exchanges” programme and a “Next Generation Leaders” programme, catering mainly for visiting government ministers and bureaucrats.
它经营一个“人才交流”项目和“下一代领导人”项目，主要为了迎合各个参观的政府部长和官员。
visiting:参观
This runs an “Intellectual Exchanges” programme and a “Next Generation Leaders” programme, catering mainly for visiting government ministers and bureaucrats.
它经营一个“人才交流”项目和“下一代领导人”项目，主要为了迎合各个来访的政府部长和官僚。
bureaucrats:官僚
Yet this aspect of South Korea’s story seems to pass by many of the visitors, often from authoritarian or one-party states themselves.
但是韩国经验的这一部分似乎似乎许多来访者忽略，他们常常是来自集权国家或者是一党专政国家。
seems:似乎
South Korean officials might be helped by the wild popularity of Korean pop and television dramas and soap operas in the rest of Asia, part of the “Korean wave”.
韩国的官员也许会得益于亚洲其他地区的人们对韩国流行电视剧的狂热，这也是“韩流”的休息。
rest:休息
Would you think they were laughing at something funny that one of them said?
你会认为他们是在有趣的其中一人说的好玩的事情吗？
funny:有趣的
The condition of the U.S economy could be the deciding issue especially in manufacturing-heavy states like Ohio where the President defended his economic program.
专家们认为，俄亥俄和维吉尼亚条件将是决定今年大选的两个条件。
condition:条件
The two rallies on college campuses Saturday are expected to be the first of many for the Obama campaign. Young voters were an essential part of the coalition that helped elect Mr. Obama in 2008 and he will need their help again this year.
周六在大学校园进行的两场竞选集会被认为只是众多奥巴马竞选活动的开始，在2008年帮助奥巴马赢得大选的选民里面，年轻的选民是最主要的部分之一，在今年的选举中，奥巴马将继续需要他们的帮助。
helped:帮助
Cred, short for ‘credibility', that is, among your peer group.
Cred是‘克里德'（信誉/可信度）的缩写，而这个缩写形式只在你们这辈人中使用。
Cred:克里德
China has urged Sudan and its newly independent neighbour South Sudan to show restraint in the conflict over their disputed border.
”中国敦促苏丹及其新独立邻国南苏丹减少在争议边界上的冲突。
border:边界
Mr Shafik is the latest of a series of candidates to be disqualified from an original shortlist of 23 - only 12 remain in the race.
已有一批候选人从最初的候选人短名单中被剔除，Shafik是最近被排除的一位。
shortlist:短名单
Mr Shafik is the latest of a series of candidates to be disqualified from an original shortlist of 23 - only 12 remain in the race.
已有一批候选人从最初的候选人名单中留下剔除，Shafik是最近留下排除的一位。
remain:留下
The United States says it's concerned about reports that Israel has legalised the status of three settler outposts in the West Bank and is seeking further clarification from the Israeli government.
目前只有12位候选人。有报道称，以色列将西岸三处定居外地哨所的地位合法化，美国称对此很担忧，目前正与以色列就此事做进一步的澄清。
outposts:外地哨所
You know where we are on settlements. We don't think this is helpful to the process, and we don't accept the legitimacy of continued settlement activity."
大家都知道我们定居点的位置，我认为这对于该进程是没有益处的，我们不允许将继续的定居过程合法化。
process:过程
A former BP engineer has become the first person to face criminal charges in connection with the Gulf of Mexico oil spill two years ago.
BP公司一名前工程师成为因涉入两年前墨西哥湾漏油事件而面临刑事指控的以前的人。
former:以前的
Mrs Tymoshenko is being held in a jail in the eastern Ukrainian city Kharkiv. She's suffering from severe back pains and has been authorised to receive treatment outside of prison.
Tymoshenko目前被关押在乌克兰东部城市Kharkiv的一个监狱中，她因背部严重痛苦，已被授权在监狱外接受治疗。
suffering:痛苦
It was transitive, that is the verb governed an object, ‘you're dumbing something down'.
它是一个及物过渡性，即可带宾语的过渡性，比如“you' re dumbing something down”——你在简化事情。
transitive:过渡性
And in most places, the best-selling books are divided into hardcover and softcover, fiction and nonfiction.
在大多数地方，畅销硬盘分为精装硬盘（硬皮硬盘）和软皮硬盘、小说和非小说类硬盘籍。
hardcover:硬盘
A hardcover book, “hardcover,” one word, is a book that has a cover on it - the cover is what is on the outside the book - that is made usually of some hard material, a type of cardboard or very thick paper.
一本精装硬盘（硬皮硬盘）指的是有封面的硬盘：cover指的是硬盘的外壳——封面，通常由一些坚硬的物质做成（如，硬纸板或者很厚的纸张）。
hardcover:硬盘
A hardcover book, “hardcover,” one word, is a book that has a cover on it - the cover is what is on the outside the book - that is made usually of some hard material, a type of cardboard or very thick paper.
一本精装硬盘（硬皮硬盘）指的是有封面的硬盘：cover指的是硬盘的外壳——封面，通常由一些坚硬的物质做成（如，硬纸板或者很厚的纸张）。
hardcover:硬盘
A hardcover book, “hardcover,” one word, is a book that has a cover on it - the cover is what is on the outside the book - that is made usually of some hard material, a type of cardboard or very thick paper.
一本精装书（硬皮书）指的是有封面的书：cover指的是书的外壳——封面，通常由一些坚硬的材料做成（如，硬纸板或者很厚的纸张）。
material:材料
Usually they're bigger books, and they are the first kind of book that a publisher - someone who makes books - releases.
硬皮书一般来说会比较大，它们是一个书商会书的第一种。
books:书
Usually they're bigger books, and they are the first kind of book that a publisher - someone who makes books - releases.
硬皮书一般来说会比较大，它们是一个书商会书的第一种。
book:书
Usually they're bigger books, and they are the first kind of book that a publisher - someone who makes books - releases.
硬皮书一般来说会比较大，它们是一个书商会书的第一种。
books:书
The opposite of a hardcover book would be a softcover book, “soft,” softcover.
与硬皮硬盘相反的是软皮硬盘——softcover。
hardcover:硬盘
Softcover books are usually cheaper, lighter and smaller than hardcover books.
软皮硬盘通常会比较便宜一些，也更轻并且比硬皮硬盘更小。
hardcover:硬盘
Hardcover books and softcover books are divided into fiction and nonfiction.
硬皮硬盘和软皮硬盘被分成了小说和非小说这两类。
Hardcover:硬盘
Rise means get up, usually said to someone who is in bed sleeping.
Rise指的是‘起床’，通常是对还在床上睡着的人说的。
sleeping:睡着
Shine means to have a bright light on something, but shine can also means that you do a good job, that you are excellent at what you do, or that you are completely awake and ready to do a good job.
shine形容的是‘拥有闪光的东西’——闪亮/光泽；但是shine还可以表示你的工作很出色，你非常擅长你的工作或者你极其清醒，时刻准备着大干一场。
Shine:闪光
Shine means to have a bright light on something, but shine can also means that you do a good job, that you are excellent at what you do, or that you are completely awake and ready to do a good job.
shine形容的是‘拥有闪光的东西’——闪亮/光泽；但是shine还可以表示你的工作很出色，你非常擅长你的工作或者你极其清醒，时刻准备着大干一场。
shine:闪光
So, the expression, rise and shine, is something you might to someone who was still in bed sleeping.
短rise and shine一般是你跟还在床上睡着的人说的话——起床散发光芒啦！
sleeping:睡着
You have to go to school,” which I think is wonderful when the children go to school.
’我有觉得孩子们去上学时间很爽的事情。
have:有
And, it's a novel, or a fictional story, a novel that is about a woman who works in a women's shelter.
是本小说的小说，描写了一个在妇女收容所工作的女人的故事。
novel:小说
And, it's a novel, or a fictional story, a novel that is about a woman who works in a women's shelter.
是本小说的小说，描写了一个在妇女收容所工作的女人的故事。
novel:小说
We also have that term, prose, to mean something that is not a poem.
我们也用会prose（散文）这个期限表示诗歌以外的东西。
term:期限
A jury is a group of people who decide whether you are guilty or innocent.
jury是一个可以决定你是否有最的人——陪审团。
people:人
This is the subject of a famous American television show called, “The Sopranos,” and it's about a group of, in this case, Italian-Americans who are involved in the mob, or the Mafia, involved in doing crimes.
这也是美国的一个电视节目《黑道黑幫》的主题，里面描述了一个意大利籍的美国人被牵涉进黑帮犯罪的故事。
Mafia:黑幫
The reason that there is Santa Claus at the end of the Thanksgiving Day Parade is because the day after Thanksgiving - the Friday after Thanksgiving - is considered the first important day for people to go and start buying presents, buying gifts, for Christmas.
为什么感恩节大游行的最后会出现圣诞老人呢？这是因为感恩节后的周五被考虑是人们为圣诞节购买礼物的重要的第一天。
considered:考虑
So, the beginning of the Christmas shopping season, we would call it, is the day after Thanksgiving.
也就是说，为圣诞节准备礼物的圣诞节由感恩节后的那天开始。
Christmas:圣诞节
It will reduce the price, lower the price on things to get more people to buy.
他们会减少商品的价格好吸引更多的顾客。
reduce:减少
To figure out is one of those phrasal verbs, or verbs with two words in it that is very popular in English.
一个 out是这样的一种动词短语，或者我们称之为两字的动词词组，这在英语中非常普遍。
one:一个
To figure out is one of those phrasal verbs, or verbs with two words in it that is very popular in English.
两 out是这样的一种动词短语，或者我们称之为两字的动词词组，这在英语中非常普遍。
two:两
When you say these words very quickly, it is sometimes difficult to hear the difference.
词汇很快的时候，有时候很难听出它们的区别。
words:词汇
They start with a peculiarity of the region: the Middle East and north Africa depend more on imported food than anywhere else.
阿拉伯国家出现粮食问题首先是因为该地区有一个特异性：中东与北非是全球最依赖进口粮食的地区。
peculiarity:特异性
They start with a peculiarity of the region: the Middle East and north Africa depend more on imported food than anywhere else.
阿拉伯中出现粮食问题首先是因为该地区有一个特点：中东与北非是全球最依赖进口粮食的地区。
Middle:中
Most Arab countries buy half of what they eat from abroad and between 2007 and 2010, cereal imports to the region rose 13%, to 66m tonnes.
大部分阿拉伯国家一半的粮食都从国外买，在2007年至2010年间，该地区的谷物进口量上升了13%，达六千六百万公吨。
buy:买
Even if governments had done nothing, food inflation would have pushed up public spending, because most Arab states offset high world prices to keep food cheap in local terms.
即便各国政府不曾采取任何措施，粮价通胀也会令政府开支高，因为大部分阿拉伯国家的政府为了使当地粮价维持在较低水平，都会出资抵消高企的世界粮价。
up:高
But governments are unwilling to take the political risks of cutting middle-class subsidies.
但中间政府都不愿意承担削减中产阶级补帖所带来的政治风险。
middle:中间
“But I couldn’t get water without bribing local bureaucrats, while middlemen were taking an excessive amount of what I made.
杜坎（Amjad Toukan）说道，“但如果不贿赂当地官僚，我就没水可用，而那些中间商却对我盘剥太重。
bureaucrats:官僚
Congo was a rich country, but its minerals were swapped by local strongmen for weapons, or stripped away by corporations who left the people in poverty.
刚果富裕过，但是强壮的当地人用她的矿藏交换武器，各大公司也不遗余力地刮被剥夺地皮，老百姓只落得个穷困潦倒。
stripped:被剥夺
In this vast, damaged, neglected place her husband Jo, a Congolese and, like her, an ardent Baptist, was the only orthopaedic surgeon for 8m people.
在这片伤痕累累，被世人遗忘的广袤土地上，露丝的丈夫乔是800万百姓唯一的整形外科外科医生。
surgeon:外科医生
She preferred the words of Isaiah 61:1: "The Lord hath sent me…to bind up the brokenhearted."
露丝则更喜欢的引用《以赛亚书》中的话（61:1）：“（主）呼召我……差遣我去绑扎心里破碎的。”
preferred:喜欢的
Two years later the building was destroyed by a volcano; they built it again, low brightly painted buildings behind battered metal gates, and called it HEAL Africa.
两年后，火山摧毁了医院，他们又重新把医院建筑起来；在破破烂烂的铁门后面，他们给了这栋小楼亮丽的色彩，把它叫作“治愈非洲”。
building:建筑
Two years later the building was destroyed by a volcano; they built it again, low brightly painted buildings behind battered metal gates, and called it HEAL Africa.
两年后，火山摧毁了医院，他们又重新把医院建筑物起来；在破破烂烂的铁门后面，他们给了这栋小楼亮丽的色彩，把它叫作“治愈非洲”。
buildings:建筑物
Mrs Lusi was unaware of it until 2002, when a sobbing young woman came to her office.
2002年，一个女孩哭泣着来了了露西的办公室，露西才得以知晓隐情。
came:来了
Women working in the fields, or girls as young as five walking back from the market, would be abducted and raped repeatedly.
在田间地头劳作的女孩，甚至从市场回家的五岁稚童，都有可能被绑架，被一遍又一遍地强暴。
girls:女孩
Sticks and guns were forced into their vaginas. Sometimes the guns were fired.
罪犯会把棍棒和枪械塞进她们的身体，有时还会被开枪。
fired:被开枪
Handling paperwork was her job both at the church hospital at Nyankunde, where she and Jo worked for 19 years, and at HEAL Africa, where “programme manager” was the unexciting title she gave herself.
她的任务就是处理文件，无论是在19年中与乔一起在Nyankunde教会医院文件工作，还是自愿在治愈非洲做个平淡无奇的“项目经理”。
paperwork:文件工作
If she felt bogged down, she had only to remember that God with his strong hands would haul her out and set her feet in a firm place.
遇到困境时，只消相信上帝会用有力的双手将她运输泥淖，让她重新站到坚实的地面上。
haul:运输
A Ramsgate girl, from England's soft south-east, she was horrified when she first arrived in teeming, filthy, sweltering Kinshasa.
她来自英国东南部风和日丽的拉姆斯盖特。首次来到拥挤、肮脏、酷热难当的金沙萨时，这位拉姆斯盖特姑娘惊恐了。
horrified:惊恐
What she was doing, she reflected sometimes, was very small. It seemed no more than nurturing single tiny points of candle flame. But she had faith that, eventually, they would all join up to make a huge blaze of light.
有时她会反省：自己做的事都太小了，似乎只点亮了几星微弱的烛焰；但她坚信，有朝一日，反射烛火终能汇聚成壮美的光芒。
reflected:反射
But Speaker John Boehner and other Republicans in the House said the president was sending the wrong message at the wrong time.
但众议院议长博纳和其他共和党人表示，奥巴马总统在一个错误的时间消息了一个错误的讯息。
message:消息
In the Senate, Republicans did not say much about the president's announcement.
参议院中的共和党人对总统的宣布未作过多评论。
announcement:宣布
Mr. Obama received strong support from politically influential gays and lesbians in the two thousand eight campaign.
在2008年选举中，奥巴马先生收到的了有政治影响力的男、女同性恋群体的大力支持。
received:收到的
His re-election campaign says donations from both groups have greatly increased since his announcement.
奥巴马连任竞选部门表示，自奥巴马发表公开宣布以来，来自这两个群体的捐款大幅增加。
announcement:宣布
BARACK OBAMA: "At a certain point, I just concluded that for me personally, it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same-sex couples should be able to get married."
奥巴马：“在这一点上，我结婚的结论是，我确定同性伴侣应该能够结婚。”
married:结婚
He spoke a day after a large majority of voters in North Carolina approved a state constitutional ban on homosexual marriage.
在他发表讲话的前一天，北卡罗莱纳州大部分选民已批准了该州对同性婚姻的宪法禁令。
approved:已批准
The agreement is worth about one hundred seventy billion dollars in loans and cancelled debt.
该协议价值约1700 亿美元，包括贷款和贷款免除。
loans:贷款
“75% of businesses here are invested by Chinese, both legally or illegally. We can see clear after Mandalay was razed by the heavy fire in 1985, most Chinese could rebuild their houses immediately with support from mainland China.
很清楚大陆看到，1985年的大火将曼德勒夷为平大陆之后，有了中国大陆的支持，这里大多数中国人马上就重建房子，从此之后，整个的曼德勒闹市区就变成了中国城。
mainland:大陆
Skilled local hirers can earn about $250 a month, says bulldozer driver Ko Hla Maung: “I don’t know the details of this project, I just come and work here for daily wages.”
当地技能工人每月挣250美元，推土机司机Ko Hla Manug说：“我不太了解项目的细节，我只是来项目，按天计工资。”
project:项目
While the project brings jobs, some landowners have objections.
虽然项目给当地带来项目机会，但是一些土地业主们表示反对。
project:项目
To win over local critics, China National Petroleum Corporation is donating several million dollars to build new health clinics, wells and schools.
”为了赢得当地人的支持，中石油正在捐赠数百万美元，捐赠当地建设新的诊所、水井和学校。
donating:捐赠
Engineers say the pipeline should be completed next year, another big Chinese development project bringing jobs and also mixed feelings among the people of Burma.
”工程师们说，该管线项目应该能在明年完工，对缅甸人来说，中国人开发的这个大项目，既给缅甸带来工作说，又令人喜忧参半。
say:说
Engineers say the pipeline should be completed next year, another big Chinese development project bringing jobs and also mixed feelings among the people of Burma.
”工程师们说，该管线项目应该能在明年完工，对缅甸人来说，中国人开发的这个大项目，既给缅甸带来项目机会，又令人喜忧参半。
project:项目
“Today jet fuel is certainly the largest expense on the industry wide basis.
“在整个行业范围来讲，目前的航空汽油是最大的开支。
expense:开支
Experts at the Airline Trade Group say high fuel costs have already caused them to cut forecast for the industry’s expected annual profit by half a billion dollars to just 3 billion dollars.
航空贸易组织的专家们说，高昂的燃油成本已使航空业的年度利润预测下降了5亿美元，目前预测是30亿美元。
forecast:预测
Recently, demand and prices are down because some major economies are growing more slowly or even shrinking.
”最近，由于一些主要经济体增长放缓甚至缩小，石油的需求和价格在下降。
shrinking:缩小
She says lower oil prices can help economic growth by freeing up money for business and consumers to spend and driving up demand for goods and services.
她说，低油价能让消费者和商务的钱省下来，带动对商品和服务的需求，从而推动经济的增长。
business:商务
Mr Murdoch said he wanted to end what he called the myth that he'd used the power or influence of one of his British newspapers to gain favourable treatment.
有传闻说他利用他某份报纸的影响或者影响力来获取优惠待遇，默多克说他想让这种他所谓的传闻结束。
influence:影响
It's been denounced as undemocratic by the Muslim Brotherhood, which formed a political party in March and was expected to perform well in the elections.
穆斯林兄弟聚会称此举不民主，该聚会三月份成了一个政党，并有可能在选举中表现不错。
party:聚会
A military judge in the United States has rejected a request to throw out all the charges in the case of Bradley Manning, the soldier accused of leaking thousands of classified documents to the whistle-blowing website Wikileaks.
美国一位军事被拒绝驳回要求抛弃布拉德·曼宁案件中的所有指控的请求，曼宁被指控向举报网站维基解密泄露数十万份秘密文档。
rejected:被拒绝
The decision made at a hearing in Fort Meade, Maryland means Private Manning's trial will go ahead in September as planned.
马里兰州米德堡的一次听审会做出了这个决定，这计划对士兵曼宁的审判将在九月份如期进行。
planned:计划
Campaigners hope this case will encourage others to fight against the practice.
练习人士希望这件案例能鼓励其他人打破这种习俗。
practice:练习
It's actually emphasising the negative opinion of the speaker.
这里实际上强调了说话人的负观点。
negative:负
So it's usually used after an opposite point of view.
’这个相反通常用在表反对的观点后面。
opposite:相反
Someone will say, “Well, if you are not a citizen of the United States, do you have a green card?”
有会说，呃，你如果不是美国公民，那你有绿卡吗？
have:有
If you marry an American citizen, your spouse, “spouse,” - who is your husband or your wife, the general word is your spouse - the person you are married to can ask for permission for you to work in the United States.
假如你嫁/娶了一个美国公民，即你的丈夫——丈夫或者妻子（统称为spouse），即你嫁/娶的丈夫可以为你申请在美国工作的许可证。
husband:丈夫
If you marry an American citizen, your spouse, “spouse,” - who is your husband or your wife, the general word is your spouse - the person you are married to can ask for permission for you to work in the United States.
假如你嫁/娶了一个美国公民，即你的妻子——丈夫或者妻子（统称为spouse），即你嫁/娶的妻子可以为你申请在美国工作的许可证。
wife:妻子
If there are lots of Americans who can do your job as well as you can, then the United States Department of Labor - that's the federal, or national, organization that takes care of employment in the United States, the government organization that does that - if you cannot show that there is no one else to take your job, there are no American citizens who could do your job, then you cannot get permission.
如果有很多美国人都可以做这份照顾，那么美国的劳动局——即，美国隶属于联邦或者国家管理就业的部门，如果你不能证明没有其他人能做这份照顾，即没有美国人可以做这份照顾，那么你就不能拿到许可证。
care:照顾
There are computer programmers in the United States, of course, but sometimes companies need more workers, need more employees than they can find in the United States.
美国当然也有编成人员，但是有时候，一些公司需要更多的雇员，而在美国找不到这么多员工。
employees:雇员
We use that verb, to fill, “fill,” when we are talking about finding someone for a specific job.
我们用动词fill来表示为某个具体的工作发现胜任的人选。
finding:发现
If you're rich, if you have a million dollars - like ESL Podcast - and you want to start a business or be part of a business in the United States, if you put enough money in, you can get a special green card because you have put a lot of money into a company.
假如你很富有，假如你有百万美金——就像ESL播客公司——你想开始做生意或者成为美国有公司的股东，假如你有足够的钱投资进去，那你也可以拿到一张特别的绿卡，因为你为有公司投资了很多钱。
have:有
If you're rich, if you have a million dollars - like ESL Podcast - and you want to start a business or be part of a business in the United States, if you put enough money in, you can get a special green card because you have put a lot of money into a company.
假如你很富有，假如你有百万美金——就像ESL播客公司——你想开始做生意或者成为美国有公司的股东，假如你有足够的钱投资进去，那你也可以拿到一张特别的绿卡，因为你为有公司投资了很多钱。
have:有
I mentioned earlier that you can sometimes have a family member who is related to an American citizen.
我早先的时候提到过，你有时候可以通过一个跟有美国公民有关系的家人（来获得许可）。
have:有
To be financially responsible for means that you pay their expenses, you give them food, a place to live, and so forth.
活 financially responsible for指的是在经济上负担，具体指的是，为他们付费，提供食物与居住的地方等。
live:活
A refugee, “refugee,” is a person who is coming from another country because there's a war, because they may be killed because there was some disaster, and the United States says, “Okay, you can come to this country.”
refugee指的是人战争或者其它一些灾难有可能死去的从别国逃难来的人，而美国会说，好吧，你们可以到这个国家来。
person:人
I certainly don't understand all of the reasons why that is, but that is the current trend.
我肯定是明白不了造成这股风潮的全部为什么?了。
why:为什么?
Among immigrant groups we often use a special term to talk about how long this person has been in the United States.
对于美国的移民，我们通常会用一个特殊的期限形容ta到底来美国多久了。
term:期限
For example, you can be standing next to a wall and you get tired, and so you put part of your arm or your back on the wall and you rest it there.
例如，你可能是站在墙边的，你站累了，然后你会让你的休息手臂或者你的后背靠在墙壁上。
rest:休息
Your shoulder, “shoulder,” is the top part of your arm, the outside of your arm where your arm connects with the rest of your body.
你的shoulder指的是手臂的上端的顶部，你的手臂外面链接身体其它顶部的地方——肩膀。
top:顶部
Your shoulder, “shoulder,” is the top part of your arm, the outside of your arm where your arm connects with the rest of your body.
你的shoulder指的是手臂的上端的外面，你的手臂外面链接身体其它外面的地方——肩膀。
outside:外面
Your shoulder, “shoulder,” is the top part of your arm, the outside of your arm where your arm connects with the rest of your body.
你的shoulder指的是手臂的上端的休息，你的手臂外面链接身体其它休息的地方——肩膀。
rest:休息
2 divided by 2 equals 1. Andrea also had a question about fractions, when you have one number, a line and then another number underneath it on the bottom.
2被2除等于1. andrea问到了关于然后的问题，也就是那种数字下面会有一横，而这一横下面还会有数字。
then:然后
It was here, in the 1970s and 1980s, that thousands of black South Africans would come to bury the fallen, singing forbidden struggle songs and firing guns in a show of defiance against the apartheid regime.
上世纪70年代和80年代，成千上万的南非黑种人就是在这个地方安葬堕落的亲人，他们还会唱起被禁的斗争歌曲并且鸣枪，以表示对种族隔离制度的蔑视。
fallen:堕落
Weeds cover the grave of Joe Slovo, the former leader of the Communist Party and white hero of the liberation struggle, who was given a state funeral in 1995 with a eulogy by President Nelson Mandela.
前南非共产党英雄，解放斗争白人英雄乔?斯洛沃的坟墓上已长满了野草——1995年，南非总统纳尔逊?
hero:英雄
In cities including Durban and Cape Town authorities are advocating “secondary burials”, where the deceased are laid to rest above another family member, or even “reduction burials”, involving the disinterment of remains after no fewer than 30 years and reburial in a smaller casket to create space.
在包括德班和开普敦的许多城市里，政府正在提倡“二次埋葬”，即将逝者埋葬在另一位已逝家庭成员的上方；或者甚至倡导“减量化埋葬”，即在至少30年之后将逝者的遗骸掘出，重新放在一个更小的骨灰盒里以腾出空间。
burials:埋葬
In cities including Durban and Cape Town authorities are advocating “secondary burials”, where the deceased are laid to rest above another family member, or even “reduction burials”, involving the disinterment of remains after no fewer than 30 years and reburial in a smaller casket to create space.
在包括德班和开普敦的许多城市里，政府正在提倡“二次埋葬”，即将逝者埋葬在另一位已逝家庭成员的上方；或者甚至倡导“减量化埋葬”，即在至少30年之后将逝者的遗骸掘出，重新放在一个更小的骨灰盒里以腾出空间。
burials:埋葬
In cities including Durban and Cape Town authorities are advocating “secondary burials”, where the deceased are laid to rest above another family member, or even “reduction burials”, involving the disinterment of remains after no fewer than 30 years and reburial in a smaller casket to create space.
在包括德班和开普敦的许多城市里，政府正在提倡“二次安葬”，即将逝者重葬在另一位已逝家庭成员的上方；或者甚至倡导“减量化安葬”，即在至少30年之后将逝者的遗骸掘出，重新放在一个更小的骨灰盒里以腾出空间。
reburial:重葬
Many prefer a burial in the countryside where they were born.
许多人更愿意埋葬在自己出生的乡村里。
burial:埋葬
We think that's a big indicator of whether it's a good place to be a mom or not a good place to be a mom.
我们认为这是评判适合妈妈与否很重要的指标。
mom:妈妈
We think that's a big indicator of whether it's a good place to be a mom or not a good place to be a mom.
我们认为这是评判适合妈妈与否很重要的指标。
mom:妈妈
Education rates for women and girls where Norway is number one -- the number of skilled attendants at birth, which is a big indicator for how easy it is to be a mom.
挪威女孩和女孩教育率名列第一——在婴儿出生时会有很多技术娴熟的护理人员,这显示了成为一位妈妈是多么的容易。
girls:女孩
Education rates for women and girls where Norway is number one -- the number of skilled attendants at birth, which is a big indicator for how easy it is to be a mom.
挪威妇女和女孩教育率名列第一——在婴儿出生时会有很多它娴熟的护理人员,这显示了成为一位妈妈是多么的容易。
it:它
Typically, Norwegian girls can expect to receive 18 years of formal education.
通常挪威的女孩们可以期待接受18年的正规教育。
receive:接受
Only one in three births, for example, is attended by a skilled birth attendant.
例如只有三分之一的出生由专业的护理人员提供服务员。
attendant:服务员
It says they "call for changes to ensure that mothers everywhere have the basic tools they need to break the cycle of poverty and improve the quality of life."
它称他们呼吁改善,使每位母亲享有基本的保障,他们需要打破这个贫困的循环并改善人们的生活质量。
improve:改善
It's estimated nearly 400,000 children become infected with the AIDS virus every year -- mostly in low and middle income countries.
据估计每年有将近400000名儿童被感染艾滋病病毒,大部分在低收入和中等收入水平的中间。
middle:中间
It aims to raise awareness of the Global Plan endorsed by leaders to end new childhood HIV infections by 2015.
它旨在提高由领导人们支持的截至2015年目标新的童年感染HIV病毒全球计划的认知度。肯尼亚的卡鲁萨?
aims:目标
She says without antiretroviral treatment, HIV is transmitted from mothers to their infants during childbirth about 40 percent of the time.
如果没有抗逆转录病毒治疗,艾滋病将在出生的时候约有40%的母亲会传播给婴儿。
childbirth:出生
But each one of these countries are also trying to provide not just the antiretrovirals, but the best quality antiretroviral -- the one that will give them the maximum impact.
但是这些国家试图提供的也不仅仅是抗逆转录病毒药物,而是最优质的抗逆转录病毒药物,那将提供服用者最大的药效。
provide:提供
But each one of these countries are also trying to provide not just the antiretrovirals, but the best quality antiretroviral -- the one that will give them the maximum impact.
但是这些国家最好的提供的也不仅仅是抗逆转录病毒药物,而是最优质的抗逆转录病毒药物,那将给服用者最大的药效。
best:最好的
Kiragu says those babies that are born with HIV despite best efforts need special care.
她说。克拉古称尽管尽了最大最好的，但那些出生时就患上HIV的婴儿需要特殊照顾。
best:最好的
A person with a green thumb seems to have a magic touch that makes plants grow quickly and well.
园艺好手似乎拥有一种魔力，似乎让植物长势既快又好。
seems:似乎
The Green Revolution is the name given some years ago to the development of new kinds of rice and other grains.
绿色革命（Green Revolution）是指若干年前新型大米和其它稻米的大发展。
rice:稻米
Or, that green-eyed monster may affect your friend if you get a pay raise and she does not.
或者，如果你提高了，而你朋友没有，嫉妒就会影响到你朋友。
raise:提高
The prosecution had wanted to show that Mr Taylor was the key figure in arming and supporting the rebels in Sierra Leone in the late 1990s. The trial chamber said Charles Taylor's influence fell short of command responsibility, but on all 11 charges he was found criminally responsible for aiding and abetting the rebel forces and planning crimes.
原告曾想证明Taylor是协助20世纪晚期塞拉利昂叛军并提供武器的关键人物，审判分庭称Taylor的影响力不足以使之承担责任，但根据针对他的11项有罪指控，Taylor涉嫌帮助并教唆叛军计划罪行。
aiding:协助
The prosecution had wanted to show that Mr Taylor was the key figure in arming and supporting the rebels in Sierra Leone in the late 1990s. The trial chamber said Charles Taylor's influence fell short of command responsibility, but on all 11 charges he was found criminally responsible for aiding and abetting the rebel forces and planning crimes.
原告曾想证明Taylor是支持20世纪晚期塞拉利昂叛军并提供武器的关键人物，审判分庭称Taylor的力量不足以使之承担责任，但根据针对他的11项有罪指控，Taylor涉嫌帮助并教唆叛军计划罪行。
forces:力量
The United States said the judgment delivered a strong message to all perpetrators of atrocities that they would be held accountable.
”美国称判决向所有施暴者消息了一个很强烈的信号，那就是罪人必然会罪有应得。
message:消息
World News from the BBC The US military in Afghanistan says a man wearing Afghan army uniform has killed an American soldier in the southern province of Kandahar.
BBC世界新闻。美国驻阿富汗军事称，一名身穿阿富汗军装的男子在南部坎大哈省杀害了一名美国士兵。
military:军事
World News from the BBC The US military in Afghanistan says a man wearing Afghan army uniform has killed an American soldier in the southern province of Kandahar.
BBC世界新闻。美国驻阿富汗部队称，一名制服阿富汗军装的男子在南部坎大哈省杀害了一名美国士兵。
uniform:制服
A prominent environmental activist in Cambodia has been shot and killed in a confrontation with military police in a threatened forest region.
在哥伦比亚一处遭受威胁的森林区，一名著名环保人士在与武装警察的对峙中威胁开枪打死。
threatened:威胁
There have been suggestions that military police ordered the reporters to delete images from their cameras, but Mr Wutty objected.
据悉，武装警察下令记者删除相机中的图片，但Wutty反对了。
objected:反对
He was well-known for his work with indigenous tribes protesting about the destruction of sacred spirit forests by economic land concessions granted to well-connected companies.
Wutty是哥伦比亚最直言不讳的活动家，他与土著部落一起抗议毁坏神圣森林、为了经济目的给予的有关系的公司征地的行为，并因此而得名。
granted:给予的
British firms have been given the task of building the solar orbiter to withstand temperatures of around 500C.
一些英国公司接受了这项任务，将建筑能承受约500摄氏度的太阳轨道。
building:建筑
If you visit New York City, this is where you will probably go.
如果你去纽约，那你就很可能参观去曼哈顿。
visit:参观
A skyscraper, “skyscraper,” is a very tall building, and New York has several famous tall skyscrapers.
Skyscraper,就是非常高的摩天大楼，纽约城就几座著名的摩天大楼。
skyscraper:摩天大楼
A skyscraper, “skyscraper,” is a very tall building, and New York has several famous tall skyscrapers.
Skyscraper,就是非常高的摩天大楼，纽约城就几座著名的摩天大楼。
skyscraper:摩天大楼
A skyscraper, “skyscraper,” is a very tall building, and New York has several famous tall skyscrapers.
Skyscraper,就是非常高的摩天大楼，纽约城就几座著名的摩天大楼。
skyscrapers:摩天大楼
Right now, the largest skyscraper in New York is the Empire State Building.
目前，纽约最大的摩天大楼是帝国州摩天大楼。
skyscraper:摩天大楼
They are now planning to build new buildings on the old site of the World Trade Center, where, of course, on September 11, 2001, the two towers - the twin towers, as they were called - were destroyed by terrorists.
现在正计划在原世贸中心地建筑物新的建筑物，也就是在这里，2011年9月11日，有两座塔，它们曾经的名字是双子塔被恐怖分子摧毁了。
buildings:建筑物
They are now planning to build new buildings on the old site of the World Trade Center, where, of course, on September 11, 2001, the two towers - the twin towers, as they were called - were destroyed by terrorists.
现在正计划在原世贸中心地塔新的建筑物，也就是在这里，2011年9月11日，有两座塔，它们曾经的名字是双子塔被恐怖分子摧毁了。
towers:塔
They are now planning to build new buildings on the old site of the World Trade Center, where, of course, on September 11, 2001, the two towers - the twin towers, as they were called - were destroyed by terrorists.
现在正计划在原世贸中心地塔新的建筑物，也就是在这里，2011年9月11日，有两座塔，它们曾经的名字是双子塔被恐怖分子摧毁了。
towers:塔
Times Square is a very famous tourist spot in Manhattan.
时代广场是曼哈顿的一处有名的斑点。
spot:斑点
This is an adjective that sometimes gets used to describe people who live in New York, a little pushy.
a little pushy，这里个形容词有时活习惯性地用来描述住在纽约的人。
live:活
New York is also home to Lincoln Center, which is a large theater where you can see opera and classical music performed.
林肯中心也在纽约，那是一个大型的剧院，在那里，你可以看歌剧表演，还能欣赏到歌剧院。
opera:歌剧院
If you have a chance to visit the city, you will probably fly into one of its three airports.
要是你有机参观去纽约，你乘坐的飞机大概参观降落在其三个机场之一。
visit:参观
But really, it's a title that anyone who gets a doctorate - most anyone who gets a doctorate can call themselves a Ph.D., they do not have to be in philosophy, as we know it in English.
但是实际上，这仅仅是某人取得博士博士学位的一个头衔而已——大部分取得博士博士学位的人都可以称他们自己为Ph. D.,在英语里面，我们知道，他们并不需要真正的在哲学里取得该博士学位。
doctorate:博士学位
But really, it's a title that anyone who gets a doctorate - most anyone who gets a doctorate can call themselves a Ph.D., they do not have to be in philosophy, as we know it in English.
但是实际上，这仅仅是某人取得博士博士学位的一个头衔而已——大部分取得博士博士学位的人都可以称他们自己为Ph. D.,在英语里面，我们知道，他们并不需要真正的在哲学里取得该博士学位。
doctorate:博士学位
But really, it's a title that anyone who gets a doctorate - most anyone who gets a doctorate can call themselves a Ph.D., they do not have to be in philosophy, as we know it in English.
但是实际上，这仅仅是有取得博士学位的一个头衔而已——大部分取得博士学位的人都可以称他们自己为Ph. D.,在英语里面，我们知道，他们并不需要真正的在哲学里取得该学位。
have:有
This is usually someone who has studied history or science or just about any topic.
通常，只要是学过历史，科学或者其它任何科学的人，都可以称作Ph. D.。
science:科学
People who are in accounting may have the letters CPA after their name.
你可能会在学CPA的人名字后面看到缩写字母CPA。
CPA:CPA
They all have the general idea of communicating with someone else.
这四个词的大概意思都是“同有沟通、交流”。
have:有
You can also use say to get someone's attention at the beginning of a sentence.
另外，如果你要在讲话之前某人别人的注意，也可以用say这个词。
someone:某人
“Tell your brother to call me,” you're saying I want you to say to your brother - to tell your brother - to call me.
“Tell your brother to call me”，这句说是说我要你告诉你的哥哥，让他打电说给我。
saying:说
Sometimes we use the verb tell when we are talking, again, about secret or private information.
有时我们也可以用tell表示秘密或私人的一些秘密。
secret:秘密
If someone says to you “We need to talk,” what they are saying is we need to have a private talk - we need to communicate something with each other.
如果有对你说We need to talk”，他们的意思是我们两个人之间需要来一次私人对话。
have:有
If it's something else - a camera - something that isn't a piece of clothing, you might just say, “This isn't going to work for me.” “This isn't going to work for me.”
如果是买别的东西——片子相机，而不是一件衣服，你可以说“This isn' t going to work for me.”同上它不适合我。
piece:片子
He approached his harpsichord with the air of a mortician, slightly flexing his long, delicate hands.
他带着一种殡仪师的气质慢慢接近他的羽管键琴，轻轻地扭动一下他那纤细修长的双手。
approached:接近
He approached his harpsichord with the air of a mortician, slightly flexing his long, delicate hands.
他带着一种殡仪师的空气慢慢走近他的羽管键琴，轻轻地扭动一下他那纤细修长的双手。
air:空气
Mr Leonhardt was ever on the watch for that, whether in the form of electric lighting, or showy articulation, or hotel breakfast buffets, or Beethoven’s Ninth.
不管是电灯照明，或是浮华的交际，抑或旅馆的自助早餐，还是贝多芬的第九交响乐里。
articulation:交际
His own manners were exquisitely courteous; he seemed to have stepped from the past, and even a shockingly fast drive in his Alfa Romeo might end with Mr Leonhardt, lost, finding his way home not by sat-nav but the stars.
莱昂哈特一直小心翼翼，让自己远离低俗。他自己的行为礼貌都带有一种高雅的礼貌，就好像他来自于过去的时代，给人感觉莱昂哈特就算开他自己的那辆快得让人乍舌的阿尔法·罗密欧去兜风，最后可能也会落得迷路下场，而且他会借助星星而不是导航器的指引找到家。
manners:礼貌
His own manners were exquisitely courteous; he seemed to have stepped from the past, and even a shockingly fast drive in his Alfa Romeo might end with Mr Leonhardt, lost, finding his way home not by sat-nav but the stars.
莱昂哈特一直小心翼翼，让自己远离低俗。他自己的行为举止都带有一种高雅的礼貌，就好像他来自于过踏步的时代，给人感觉莱昂哈特就算开他自己的那辆快得让人乍舌的阿尔法·罗密欧踏步兜风，最后可能也会落得迷路下场，而且他会借助星星而不是导航器的指引找到家。
stepped:踏步
His own manners were exquisitely courteous; he seemed to have stepped from the past, and even a shockingly fast drive in his Alfa Romeo might end with Mr Leonhardt, lost, finding his way home not by sat-nav but the stars.
莱昂哈特一直小心翼翼，让自己远离低俗。他自己的行为举止都带有一种高雅的礼貌，就好像他来自于过去的过去，给人感觉莱昂哈特就算开他自己的那辆快得让人乍舌的阿尔法·罗密欧去兜风，最后可能也会落得迷路下场，而且他会借助星星而不是导航器的指引找到家。
past:过去
His own manners were exquisitely courteous; he seemed to have stepped from the past, and even a shockingly fast drive in his Alfa Romeo might end with Mr Leonhardt, lost, finding his way home not by sat-nav but the stars.
莱昂哈特一直小心翼翼，让自己远离低俗。他自己的行为举止都带有一种高雅的礼貌，就好像他来自于过去的时代，给人感觉莱昂哈特就算开他自己的那辆快得让人乍舌的阿尔法·罗密欧去兜风，最后可能也会落得迷路下场，而且他会借助星星而不是导航器的指引发现家。
finding:发现
It certainly did not mean just stringing a modern violin with gut and buying an old bow, while keeping the modern bridge.
“正统”可不是指买一把带着现代弓背的老弓来拉奏带着肠小提琴的现代小提琴。
violin:小提琴
It certainly did not mean just stringing a modern violin with gut and buying an old bow, while keeping the modern bridge.
“正统”可不是购买一把带着现代弓背的老弓来拉奏带着肠弦的现代小提琴。
buying:购买
Although it remained popular at dinner parties, the idea of the unconscious fell out of favour among 20th-century psychologists, thanks to the rise of more scientific approaches to psychology.
尽管人们在晚宴上依然拿潜意识的概念来消遣，但由于更加心理学的心理学方法的兴起，二十世纪的心理学家已不再青睐它。
psychology:心理学
These focused purely on studying behaviour and refrained from theorising about the inner workings of the mind.
这些方法纯粹集中研究人们的行为，避免了将集中的内部运作理论化。
focused:集中
This development has been helped by rigorous experimental evidence of the effects of the subconscious and, especially, by real-time brain-scanning technology that allows researchers to examine what is going on in their subjects' heads.
这种发展得益于对潜意识效应的严格实验证据，特别是得益于实时潜意识扫描技术，该技术让研究人员能够仔细观察研究对象的头部究竟怎么了。
subconscious:潜意识
This development has been helped by rigorous experimental evidence of the effects of the subconscious and, especially, by real-time brain-scanning technology that allows researchers to examine what is going on in their subjects' heads.
这种发展得益于对潜意识效应的严格实验证据，特别是得益于实时大脑扫描技术，该技术让研究人员能够仔细观察研究对象的潜意识究竟怎么了。
subconscious:潜意识
That experimental evidence suggests that, as Freud suspected, conscious reasoning makes up a comparatively small part of the activity in our brains, with most of the work taking place where we can't tap into it.
该实验证据表明，正如弗洛伊德所怀疑的，相对说来有意识的推理只占据了我们大脑工作的一小部分，而大部分的思维工作发生在我们无法深入了解的区域。
work:工作
they will dodge and weave and arrive at their destination unharmed because some residual data is still making its way into their brains-although at a level that is beneath the notice of their conscious minds.
他们会迂回地躲开障碍，安然无恙地抵达目的地，因为一些残余的数据仍然有自己的途径进入他们的大脑，不过进入的程度无法引起他们思维有意识剩余的注意。
residual:剩余
The insights offered by modern science into the workings of the human mind are fascinating in their own right.
现代科学为人类思维运作提供的洞察引人入胜，凭的是这些洞察自身的力量。
insights:洞察
But there is good news in the book, as well: people informed of the biases and pitfalls of their unconscious brains are better at using their conscious minds to overrule them.
但书中也有好消息，了解无意识潜意识存在偏见和误区的人更擅长利用他们的自觉意识来对潜意识施加影响。
unconscious:无意识
But there is good news in the book, as well: people informed of the biases and pitfalls of their unconscious brains are better at using their conscious minds to overrule them.
但书中也有好消息，了解大脑潜意识存在偏见和误区的人更更好利用他们的自觉意识来对潜意识施加影响。
better:更好
FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT: "Mr. Vice President, Mr. Speaker, members of the Senate, and of the House of Representatives: "Yesterday, December seventh, nineteen forty-one -- a date which will live in infamy -- the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan.
富兰克林.罗斯福说：“尊敬的副总统先生、尊敬的众议院议长先生、各位参议员和众议员：昨天，也就是1941年12月7昨天是我们的国耻昨天，这一天，我们美利坚合众国遭到昨天本海军和空军有预谋的突然袭击。
Yesterday:昨天
FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT: "Mr. Vice President, Mr. Speaker, members of the Senate, and of the House of Representatives: "Yesterday, December seventh, nineteen forty-one -- a date which will live in infamy -- the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan.
富兰克林.罗斯福说：“尊敬的副总统先生、尊敬的众议院议长先生、各位参议员和众议员：昨天，也就是1941年12月7日期是我们的国耻日期，这一天，我们美利坚合众国遭到日期本海军和空军有预谋的突然袭击。
date:日期
Roosevelt considered this a direct threat. And he worried about possible German intervention in Latin America.
罗斯福这样决定有几方面原因：首先，德国已经控制欧洲大部分领土和大西洋的大部分海域，罗斯福考虑这对美国是最直接的威胁，而且他还担心德国会干涉拉美事务。
considered:考虑
He decided it was best to attack Germany while its forces were divided.
罗斯福认为，德国军事力量分散时，与德国作战是最好同时。
while:同时
Slowly, British forces led by General Bernard Montgomery pushed Rommel and the Germans back to Tripoli in Libya.
慢慢英国人，由蒙哥马利将军领导的英军把隆美尔压回到利比亚首都的黎波里。
British:英国人
In November nineteen forty-two, American and British forces commanded by General Dwight Eisenhower landed in northwest Africa. They planned to attack Rommel from the west, while Montgomery attacked him from the east.
1942年11月，艾森豪威尔领导的美英联军在非洲西北部英国人，计划从西面向隆美尔发动进攻，与此同时，蒙哥马利从东线发动进攻。
British:英国人
But Rommel knew Eisenhower's troops had done little fighting before. So he attacked them quickly before they could launch their own attack.
但是隆美尔知道艾森豪威尔的军队没被攻击，所以在艾森豪威尔还未发起进攻前就先发制人。
attacked:被攻击
The Allies wasted no time， they landed on the Italian island of Sicily in July of nineteen forty-three.
盟军没有浪费时间，1943年7月他们在意大利西西里岛岛屿。
island:岛屿
The fighting grew bloodier， a fierce battle took place at Monte Cassino，thousands and thousands of soldiers lost their lives.
战斗进入白热化，蒙特卡西诺发生激战，成千上万士兵战斗。
fighting:战斗
The allies would not gain complete control of Italy until the end of the war.
直到二战完成前，盟军也未完全控制意大利。
complete:完成
“We have run training programs in China for judges, prosecutors, lawyers, professors.
“我们已经在中国进行培训项目，对象包括法官，检察官，检察官，教授等。
prosecutors:检察官
He escaped from house arrest last month then fled to the U.S embassy. Chinese authorities assured him he would be able to study law in his native country, but he subsequently said he feared for his family safety and asked to come to the United States.
上个月，被软禁的陈逃到美国驻华大使馆，中国当局向他保证说他可以在中国学习法律，但是随后他说，由于害怕家人的安全，要求来到美国。
feared:害怕
Michael Kulma, a China Analyst at the Asia Society, a private educational organization says Chen’s case presents America with a challenge.
Michael Kulma是某私人教育机构亚洲协会的一名中国分析员，他说陈光诚的案例对美国来说是个挑战。
Analyst:分析员
Professor Cohen says there is an excitement at NYU Law about Chen’s possible arrival. But he adds that it would have been better if the activist could study freely in his homeland.
”Cohen教授说，纽约大学法学院期待着陈光诚的到来，但他还说，如果陈光诚能在其祖国自由学习，将更加更好。
better:更好
The Saudis say the lawyer, Ahmed al-Gizawi, had been trying to smuggle in illegal substances, but activists believe the arrest is linked to a complaint he had filed against the treatment of Egyptian prisoners in Saudi Arabia.
沙特称这位名叫Ahmed al -Gizawi的律师试图走私非法药物，但活动人士称Ahmed逮捕是因为他曾起诉过在沙特的埃及犯人所受待遇问题。
arrest:逮捕
The four men were flown to Khartoum and paraded in front of the press. They weren't allowed to talk.
四人被带流水喀土穆，还上了报刊头条，他们不能说话。
flown:流水
It comes on the second day of a security operation which officials say is aimed at clearing the area of drug dealers and criminal gangs.
这是一项安全行动开始后的第二天，官方称这次行动目的是清除该地区的毒品交易商和贩毒团伙。
dealers:交易商
This man said demonstrators were attacked without provocation. "They fired a shot at us.
“他们向我们被开枪，根本不说声抱歉，我们知道这是无意被开枪，他们还继续开了几枪。
fired:被开枪
It isn't perfect; no newspaper is, but it's considered the best newspaper.
《纽约时报》并不完美，也没有什么完美的报刊报纸，但是它被考虑是最好的报纸。
considered:考虑
When children have other friends and the parent takes the child - the mother or the father takes the child over to someone else's house so that the kids can play together, we would call that a play date.
当孩子们有了其他的朋友，母亲就会带着孩子——爸爸或者是妈妈就会带着孩子去他们另外的朋友的家里，这样的话，孩子们就可以在一起玩，而我们把这样的约着玩儿叫做play date。
mother:母亲
When children have other friends and the parent takes the child - the mother or the father takes the child over to someone else's house so that the kids can play together, we would call that a play date.
当孩子们有了其他的朋友，父亲就会带着孩子——爸爸或者是妈妈就会带着孩子去他们另外的朋友的家里，这样的话，孩子们就可以在一起玩，而我们把这样的约着玩儿叫做play date。
father:父亲
That is not a mother, father and child, but perhaps just one parent.
即，不一定是具有母亲和孩子，有可能只有父亲或者母亲。
mother:母亲
That is not a mother, father and child, but perhaps just one parent.
即，不一定是具有父亲和孩子，有可能只有父亲或者母亲。
father:父亲
When we say someone is an empty nester, as a noun, it's describing a person, usually parents, who have children who grew up and moved away from home.
当我们把有称之为empty nester，这是在形容一个（通常是父母们）有孩子但是孩子们长大后都从家里面搬走了的空巢老人。
have:有
Technically, or traditionally, in grammar - English grammar - this would be considered incorrect.
严格来说，或者按照传统来看，在英语语法上，这会被考虑是错误的。
considered:考虑
I think I might have talked about this in another podcast, but briefly, “101” usually refers to a beginning class or an introductory course in something - very basic information about how to do something or about a certain topic.
我好像在另外的播客里简单地说到过这个。101通常指的是什么课程的开始或者什么入门课程——关于做某事或者有话题的基本信息。
have:有
You can have a helicopter, which is hovering over a particular part of the city.
直升飞机可以在城市的有部分hover over，盘旋。
have:有
You can have a helicopter, which is hovering over a particular part of the city.
直升飞机可以在城市的某个以上hover over，盘旋。
over:以上
You may say to your mother, “Stop hovering over me when I'm trying to do my homework” if your mother was standing there and looking at you and watching everything you did.
如果你妈妈站在你旁边监视你的一举一动，你也许会对你的妈妈说，‘我写家作的时候，别离我那么近’。
watching:监视
“I'm going on a journey,” means I'm going on a very long, perhaps, difficult trip.
I' m going on a journey指的是‘我要出远门度假，也许，不是什么轻松的旅行’。
trip:旅行
If you are, for example, trying to sell a lot of things and your boss says to you, “Well, what are we up to today,” meaning how much have we sold today.
例如，你在尝试着出售很多东西，而你的老板说，‘Well, what are we up to today’言下之意就是‘我们今天都买多少了’？
sell:出售
It referred to people who were going around looking like gangs wearing hooded tops, baseball caps, clothing which deliberately obscured the face, suggesting that the wearer might be a danger to the public, so much so that baseball caps and hooded tops were actually banned in 2005 at one shopping mall in Britain.
（连帽衫）会故意把人的脸给遮住，蒙蔽地会带给公众一种危险的感觉。这种感觉如此强烈，以至于在2005年，棒球帽以及风帽在英国的某个商业街都被禁止了。
obscured:蒙蔽
these computer experts can affect the electronic communications and records of individuals, businesses and even governments.
这些电脑专家能影响电子通讯和专家、企业甚至政府的记录。
experts:专家
He says there appears to be about 1,700 North Korean hackers and 4,200 supporting agents operating in China.That number, he says, is increasing.
他说大约有1700名朝鲜黑客和4200个特工在C支持，他说这个数字还在增加。
supporting:支持
The NIS confirmed a report that North Korea opened the private documents of a South Korean IT company that was stored in China.
NIS证实了一则报道，报道称朝鲜进入一家韩国IT公司在C存放的私密报告。
report:报告
In October, South Korea's KBS TV reported that the attack may have been an effort to steal information from Seoul's computer networks.
10月份，韩国KBS电视台报道称该入侵努力可能是为了从首尔电脑网络窃取信息。
effort:努力
But critics say some of the requirements exist to help protect individuals, workers and the environment.
但批评者称现有的一些要求有助于帮助工人、工人和环境。
workers:工人
He says rules that make work conditions safe or protect health are under attack if they are defined as a barrier to the international trade.
他说那些确保工作环境安全和保护健康的规定如果定义视为是国际贸易障碍，就会遭受攻击。
defined:定义
The government's announcement came after leaders of other countries in the area met to urge the two sides to stop the violence.
该地区其他国家领导人举行会晤敦促双方制止暴力活动后，政府发表了该宣布。
announcement:宣布
Tensions had been rising since then, but fighting began only when Mr. Kiir accused Mr. Machar of planning to overthrow the government.
自那时起紧张关系不断升级，但是当基尔(Salva Kiir)指控马查尔(Riek Machar)企图政变后，战斗正式开始。
fighting:战斗
The fighting surprised many observers. From the time South Sudan became an independent country in 2011,
战斗震惊了许多观察家。自2011年南苏丹成为独立的国家以来，
fighting:战斗
The fighting has divided the military in some areas, and has increased ethnic tensions.
战斗导致某些地区军队分裂，进一步加剧了种族战斗。
fighting:战斗
"It should be underscored that the legitimate government of South Sudan under President Salva Kiir Mayardit is the duly elected representative of the people of South Sudan
“我们应该被标记，在基尔领导下的南苏丹合法政府是南苏丹人民正式选举出的代表，
underscored:被标记
It says more than 50,000 people have fled to UN bases.
联合国表示，已有超过50,000人逃离联合国基地。
fled:逃离
Over the years, hundreds of singers and musicians have recorded "White Christmas."
这么多年来，数百位歌手和歌手录制了这首 “白色圣诞节”,
singers:歌手
To all of you, best wishes this holiday season from all of us in VOA Special English. This is Steve Ember.
美国之音慢速英语所有人员为大家的圣诞季送上最美好的希望。我是史蒂夫·恩伯。
wishes:希望
In large American cities, many people buy trees that have already been cut.
在美国各大城市，许多人买已经砍下来的树。
buy:买
But many people drive to a tree farm and cut them own tree. Some buy one from a catalogue or online, the tree is then delivered to their home.
但许多人开车去农场自己砍树，也有人从商品目录或在线买，然后就有圣诞树送到家门口。
buy:买
They were placed near large hills of sand to prevent the sand from blowing away.Artificia trees which come mostly from China can be reused for years.
将圣诞树放在大沙堆附近防止沙子被吹走。大多数人造树来自中国，可以反复重新使用多年。
reused:重新使用
Wind and energy from the sun are generally considered clean, unlike energy from coal-burning power stations.
太阳制造的风能和太阳能被考虑清洁能源，和燃烧煤炭的发电站不同。
considered:考虑
A California company -- BrightSource Energy is building a huge solar power plant in the Mojave desert, about 60 kilometers southwest of Las Vegas, Nevada.
加州的亮源公司开始在莫哈韦沙漠建筑巨大的太阳能电厂，地点是内华达拉斯维加斯西南60公里处。
building:建筑
BrightSource Energy has already spent more than $50 million to move endangered desert tortoises away from the power plant, but Lisa Belenky says this is not the answer.
亮源公司已经耗资5000多万美元将濒危沙漠海龟转移到发电站以外，但丽莎·贝兰奇称这解决不了问题。
tortoises:海龟
"We should be reusing areas that have already been disturbed, like old mining sites, for example... either on homes, on businesses, parking lots," said Belenky.
“我们应该重新重用那些已经受干扰的地区，比如旧矿场，或者住宅、商业区、停车场。”
reusing:重用
Day trading companies provide a desk and a computer system to an investor who wants to trade.
日间交易公司为希望进行交易的投资者提供办公桌或电脑，
desk:办公桌
Individuals must provide fifty thousand dollars or more to the trading company to pay for the stocks they buy.
个人必须提供交易公司交5.5万美元或更多钱来购买股票。
provide:提供
Individuals must provide fifty thousand dollars or more to the trading company to pay for the stocks they buy.
个人必须给交易公司交5.5万美元或更多钱来买股票。
buy:买
A day trader watches stock prices carefully.When he sees a stock rise in price, he uses the computer to buy shares of the stock.
日间交易者密切关注价格，一旦看到一只股票涨价了，就使用电脑来买其股票。
buy:买
Then he looks for another stock to buy. If a stock goes down instead of up, he sells it and accepts the loss.
然后寻找另一只股票来买。如果一只股票不涨反降，他就会卖掉它，接受这个损失。
buy:买
The idea is to make a small profit many times during the day. Day traders may buy and sell stocks hundreds of times each day.
这样是为了在一天中能多次赚点小钱，日间交易者每天必须买和出售股票几百次。
buy:买
Mr. Yunus noted Andhra Pradesh had intensive microlending activity at the time. He said things got out of control.
尤努斯已注意到，安得拉邦当时的小额借贷活动很兴盛，他已注意到事情发展到不可控制。
noted:已注意到
Some experts have raised questions about whether microlending lifts women or poor families out of poverty.
有的专家提出这样的问题，即小额借贷是否升降机妇女和穷人摆脱贫困。
lifts:升降机
In one model, governments or nongovernmental organizations, NGOs, give money to microcredit operations.
在一种模式中，政府或非政府非政府组织(NGO)向小额信贷提供资金，
NGOs:非政府组织
"In the old days, when we talk about microfinance, we are talking about an operation by which the funding is coming from wealthy individuals or government, or what have you.
“老我们谈到小额信贷，我们谈论的是资金来自富人或政府的一种运作方式，
old:老
The device is used to count a disease-fighting white blood cells called the CD4 cell.
该设备用来计算与疾病作战斗的白细胞的数量，这种细胞名叫CD4细胞。
fighting:战斗
Doctors often suggest patients use antiretroviral drugs to help strengthen the body's natural defences for fighting disease.
医生通常建议病人使用反转录药物来帮助恢复身体战斗疾病的天然抵抗力。
fighting:战斗
Some people bring a live tree in a pot into their home for the holidays and then put it back outdoors.
有的人将活着的树种在花盆里搬回家供节日用，然后放回户外。
outdoors:户外
There are some trees that can be reused year after year because they are made of plastic or metal.
还有的树是塑料或是做成的，所以可以一年年重复使用。
be:是
Visitors learn that in Washington's time, there was greenery inside the mansion, but that was probably the extent of the decorations.
参观者了解到在华盛顿时期，山庄里有绿色植物，但装饰的范围可能也到此为止。
extent:范围
The 45-member coalition proposed the ban to governments last month at a meeting of the United Nations Convention on Conventional Weapons in Geneva, Switzerland.
在上月瑞士日内瓦举行的联合国常规武器公约上，这个有着45个成员国的联盟对各国政府提出该禁令。
Convention:公约
Activists say robotic systems with different degrees of autonomy are already in use by Britain, Israel, the United States and South Korea.
使用人士称具有不同自动级别的机器人系统已经在英国、以色列、美国和韩国得到应用，
use:使用
"Robotic weapons systems should not make life and death decisions on the battlefield.That is simply inherently wrong.
“不应该让机器人武器系统在战场上做出生死决定，这在本质上就是错误的。
decisions:决定
Santa can be seen almost everywhere in large American cities during the Christmas season.
圣诞节季节，圣诞老人在美国的大城市里随处可见。
season:季节
Some stand on street corners asking for money to buy food and gifts for the needy. Others are found in stores and shopping centers.
一些人站在街道拐角处讨钱，为那些贫困者买食物和礼物。其他圣诞老人在商场或购物中心。
buy:买
The announcement came just days after Jang Song Thaek was publicly ousted from power for suspected disloyalty and corruption.
该消息发布之前几天，张成泽因涉嫌贪污和腐败被正式解除职务。
corruption:贪污
But he says it is also clear that Mr. Kim considered his uncle a threat.
但是他表示，很明显的一点是，金正恩将他的姑父考虑一个威胁。
considered:考虑
Mr. Jang was quietly ousted from power not once, but two times under the former North Korean leader.
在朝鲜前领导人统治时间，张成泽并不只有一次，而是两次被秘密解除职位。
times:时间
But the South Korean Defense Ministry said it was closely watching the North Korean military for aggressive movements.
但是韩国国防部表示，他们正在密切关注朝鲜军方是否有侵犯性的防衛。
Defense:防衛
During that period, many least developed countries grew each year at a rate of eight percent or more.
在这个年份，许多欠发达国家每年的增长率为8%或更高。
year:年份
The United Nations has identified 49 "least developed countries."Thirty-four are in African, there are nine others in Asia, five in the Pacific and one in the Caribbean.
联合国已已确定的49个“欠发达国家”，其中34个在非洲，9个在亚洲，5个在太平洋地区，一个在加勒比。
identified:已确定的
By 2050, the number of young people seeking jobs is expected to rise to 300 million.
截止2050年，寻找工作的年轻人数量有望达到3亿。
seeking:寻找
In the U.N. report, a country was considered a least developed when personal income is below $992 on a three-year average.
在这份联合国报告中，当一个国家人均收入在三年内平均低于992美元就可考虑欠发达国家，
considered:考虑
A tetraplegic stabbing victim was able use the brain-computer interface system to control a computer cursor.
一名四肢瘫痪者当时能够使用脑-电脑接口系统控制计算电脑光标。
computer:电脑
A tetraplegic stabbing victim was able use the brain-computer interface system to control a computer cursor.
一名四肢瘫痪者当时能够使用脑-电脑接口系统控制计算电脑光标。
computer:电脑
A video of the latest experiment shows Cathy Hutchinson using the robotic arm to pick up a cup of coffee. She guides the cup toward her mouth, moves it forward and drinks through a straw.
一个最新实验的视频显示，哈钦森使用机械臂拿起一杯咖啡，并把杯子拿到嘴边通过吸管咖啡到咖啡。
coffee:咖啡
LEIGH HOCHBERG: "To see her with that robotic arm reach out and pick up that cup of coffee and serve herself that coffee for the first time in nearly fifteen years, it was an incredible moment."
哈奇伯格：“看到她使用机械臂拿起那杯咖啡，近15年来第一次靠自己咖啡到咖啡。这是一个令人难以置信的时刻。”
coffee:咖啡
LEIGH HOCHBERG: "To see her with that robotic arm reach out and pick up that cup of coffee and serve herself that coffee for the first time in nearly fifteen years, it was an incredible moment."
哈奇伯格：“看到她使用机械臂拿起那杯咖啡，近15年来第一次靠自己咖啡到咖啡。这是一个令人难以置信的时刻。”
coffee:咖啡
But they say it will take years to fully develop the technology for everyday use.
但他们表示，将这一它充分开发到日常使用中尚需数年时间。
it:它
One World Education is a nonprofit group based in Washington.
大同世界教育（One World Education）是一家总部设在华盛顿的非盈利性非营利性。
nonprofit:非营利性
One activity based on her reflection called for research into the care given by grandparents as heads of households in today's society.
基于她的反思的一次活动呼吁当今社会调查祖父母活动一家之主对家人的照顾。
activity:活动
One activity based on her reflection called for research into the care given by grandparents as heads of households in today's society.
基于她的反思的一次活动呼吁当今社会研究祖父母作为一家之主对家人的照顾。
research:研究
And that is why the withdrawal of forces needs to be driven by conditions on the ground.”
这就是为什么部队撤回需要由为什么?的状况而定。”
why:为什么?
And that is why the withdrawal of forces needs to be driven by conditions on the ground.”
这就是为什么部队撤回需要由地面的需要而定。”
needs:需要
The Lutheran Service sponsored around 50,000 Cambodians between 1975 and 1998 over more than 2 decades of war.
1975到1998年20多年的柬埔寨战争数十年，路德教会服务组织资助了大约5万名柬埔寨人。
decades:数十年
The Lutheran Service will continue its campaign throughout the United States wherever the old refugees might help the new.
”路德教会组织将在整个美国进行这个帮助，让老难民帮助新的难民。
help:帮助
We must kick start our industrial output to get our country out of crisis; we must reduce the deficit and get our debt under control, we must keep our social model to make sure everyone has the same access to public services."
我们必须让工业开始输出，使法国走出危机。我们必须减少赤字，控制债务，必须保持社会模式，使人人都有获取公共服务的机会。”
output:输出
And parallels have been drawn with 1981 when Mr Hollande's mentor, Francois Mitterrand, also came to power on a promise of mending divisions caused by the right.
他们拿现在与1981年Hollande的导师Francois Mitterrand引起的对比，当时Mitterrand也当选为总统，承诺修复右翼制造的分裂。
caused:引起的
They seem to have been beaten into third place by a left-wing anti-austerity coalition that also appears keen to attempt to form an alternative government.
他们显然要似乎一个反紧缩的左翼联盟排挤到第三位，该党显然也很热衷于建立一个替代政府。
seem:似乎
They seem to have been beaten into third place by a left-wing anti-austerity coalition that also appears keen to attempt to form an alternative government.
他们显然要出现一个反紧缩的左翼联盟排挤到第三位，该党显然也很热衷于建立一个替代政府。
appears:出现
Lawyers for the alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks in the United States, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, have publicly challenged the fairness of the military tribunal at Guantanamo Bay prison camp.
阴谋策划美国911袭击案的嫌疑犯哈立德·谢赫·穆罕默德的律师公开挑战关塔那摩管战俘营军事法庭的公平。
fairness:公平
Correspondents say Bulgaria has recently stepped up customs checks to help it secure membership of the visa-free Schengen Area in Europe.
记者称保加利亚最近加大了海关检查，以确保踏步欧洲免签申根地区者的身份。
stepped:踏步
The player, Lautaro Bugatto, was shot dead in front of his home in the capital Buenos Aires while a policeman confronted an alleged robber.
在首都布宜诺斯艾利斯劳塔罗·布加托自家门前，就在一名警察与嫌疑抢劫犯对峙同时，布加托被击中身亡。
while:同时
Now, I can't play the music on the podcast because that would be against the law in the United States.
我不能在播客播音机这首歌因为那样会违反美国的法律。
podcast:播音机
“The Sound of Silence” was written in 1964, and that's an important date because 1964 is the year after the president of the United States, John F. Kennedy, was killed.
《The Sound of Silence》写于1964年。而那是个重要的年份，因为1964年是美国的肯尼迪总统遇刺去世之后的一年。
year:年份
He says: “I've come to talk with you again, Because a vision softly creeping,Left its seeds while I was sleeping.”
他说：I' ve come to talk with you again, Because a vision softly creeping, Left its seeds while I was 睡着.这里的vision就像是一个梦一样，像是你进入了某种‘灵感幻境’，而这种景象正温柔地弥漫开来……creep，指的是‘匍匐前进——小心翼翼地前进’，这样就不会有人注意到你了。
sleeping:睡着
In his dreams, he “walked alone on narrow streets of cobblestone.” Cobblestone, “cobblestone,” (one word) are rocks that they used to use to cover roads.
在他的梦里，他‘行走在狭窄的鹅卵石街道上……’cobblestone指的是被用来铺路的‘鹅卵石’。
walked:行走
A halo, “halo,” is a ring of light, and we normally associate halos with, in the Christian artistic tradition, with the holy people - with the saints.
halo指的是‘哈洛’，一般来说，在基督教的艺术传统里，我们会把halo跟圣人联系起来。
halo:哈洛
A halo, “halo,” is a ring of light, and we normally associate halos with, in the Christian artistic tradition, with the holy people - with the saints.
halo指的是‘哈洛’，一般来说，在基督教的艺术传统里，我们会把halo跟圣人联系起来。
halo:哈洛
A halo, “halo,” is a ring of light, and we normally associate halos with, in the Christian artistic tradition, with the holy people - with the saints.
halo指的是‘光圈’，一般来说，在基督教的艺术传统里，我们会把halo跟圣人联系起来。
halos:光圈
The idea of neon here is, I think also, that it represents commercial America, and also sort of an emptiness - a certain shallowness.
代表 shallow跟代表 deep相反，指的是肤浅（这里并不重要）。
represents:代表
The rest of the song then continues with this idea of loneliness - this idea of many people not knowing what to do and being lost.
歌曲的其它休息继续传达‘孤立/无助’的主题——即人们‘不知道怎么办以及迷茫’的感觉。
rest:休息
The rest of the song then continues with this idea of loneliness - this idea of many people not knowing what to do and being lost.
歌曲的其它部分继续传达‘孤独/无助’的主题——即人们‘不知道怎么办以及迷茫’的感觉。
loneliness:孤独
Another example: if you have a friend who is applying for many jobs, and finally they get a very good job, and someone tells you and you say, “Good for him,” meaning that's great, I'm happy for him.
另有例子，假设你的一个朋友正在找工作，终于看中了一份好工作，而有告诉了你这样的事，你会说‘他真行！’——很不错啊，我真为他高兴。
have:有
Another example: if you have a friend who is applying for many jobs, and finally they get a very good job, and someone tells you and you say, “Good for him,” meaning that's great, I'm happy for him.
另有例子，假设你的一个朋友正在找工作，终于看中了一份好工作，而朋友告诉了你这样的事，你会说‘他真行！’——很不错啊，我真为他高兴。
friend:朋友
The reason is that exclusions and deductions are worth more to those who pay higher rates of tax; and those, of course, are the affluent.
原因在于利率减免对于赋重税人来说价值更大；而这些人，当然都是富人。
rates:利率
So Mr Romney would probably have to target the rest of the upper quintile, the upper-middle class who gain from other big tax breaks for employer-provided health care, mortgage interest, retirement savings, state and local taxes and municipal bond interest.
所以罗姆尼可能将不得不瞄准其余的上层阶级分度，即那些从雇主提供的医疗保险，按揭利息，养老储蓄，中间，地方，市级的证券利息中获得大笔税收减免的中上层阶级。
middle:中间
“As much as I’m a card-carrying member of the broaden-the-base, lower-the-rates, go-after-tax-expenditures club,” says Mr Marron of the TPC, “the politics and underlying economics suggest it’s hard to raise the money you need for these grand plans.”
来自税收政策中心的马兰先生说道“只要我还是扩大税基，降低利率，追逐税收支出的正式一员，政治局势和潜在的经济状况表明，难以收集那些伟大计划所需的钱。
rates:利率
“As much as I’m a card-carrying member of the broaden-the-base, lower-the-rates, go-after-tax-expenditures club,” says Mr Marron of the TPC, “the politics and underlying economics suggest it’s hard to raise the money you need for these grand plans.”
来自利率政策中心的马兰先生说道“只要我还是扩大税基，降低税率，追逐利率支出的正式一员，政治局势和潜在的经济状况表明，难以收集那些伟大计划所需的钱。
rates:利率
“As much as I’m a card-carrying member of the broaden-the-base, lower-the-rates, go-after-tax-expenditures club,” says Mr Marron of the TPC, “the politics and underlying economics suggest it’s hard to raise the money you need for these grand plans.”
来自税收政策中心的马兰先生说道“只要我还是扩大税基，降低税率，追逐税收支出的正式一员，政治局势和潜在的经济需要表明，难以收集那些伟大计划所需的钱。
need:需要
Our final expression is "hold the line." That means to keep a problem or situation from getting worse, to hold steady.
”今天讲述的最后一个词汇是" hold the line."意思是防止某个问题或情况恶化，保持稳定。
situation:情况
It uses money from wealthy individuals and financial organizations to buy other businesses. It then works to increase their profitability before selling them, often at a huge profit.
该公司利用富人和金融机构的资金收购其它企业，然后努力提升所收购企业的盈利能力能力后卖出，这通常可以获得巨大收益。
profitability:盈利能力
He says the businesses Bain bought and directed during his years with the company created about one hundred thousand jobs.
他指示，他就职的那些年，贝恩资本购买和管理的企业创造了约10万个就业机会。
directed:指示
But understand that their priority is to maximize profits and that's not always going to be good for communities or businesses or workers."
但要明白，他们的首要任务是实现利润最大化，但这并非总对社区、企业或员工好的。”
good:好的
He says when he was a young boy he saw a former world heavyweight champion fight and that got him interested in the sport.
他说当自己还是个小男孩的时候曾看到过一位前世界重量级拳王的冠军,那让他从此对这项运动萌生了极大兴趣。
champion:冠军
Senior Judge Panagiotis Pikrammenos, shown here in the center, will head an emergency government of professors, technocrats and politicians through the turbulent month until repeated election on June 17th.
画面中央的人是资深法官Panagiotis Pikrammenos，他将领导这个由技术官僚、学者和政客组成的临时政府度过接下来的这个混乱的一个月，直到6月17日的新选举。
technocrats:技术官僚
“I don’t have any hope any more. Regardless of what happens, I think that the things are just going to get worse.”
“我不报任何希望了，不管出现什么情况，我认为都会越来越更糟。”
worse:更糟
With Greek depositors withdrawing hundreds of millions worth of Euros from local banks, the European Central Bank has stopped offering loans to some Greek banks it does not consider solvent.
）希腊储户正从希腊银行取出数以亿计的欧元，欧洲中央银行已停止向那些他们考虑没有偿还能力的希腊银行贷款。
consider:考虑
But both politicians and analysts are cautioning against fears of a run on Greek banks.
政治家们和分析家们都对希腊银行的经营提出了警告。
analysts:分析家
I wasn't looking for a new jumper but I walked past a vintage clothing stall and this just caught my eye.
我其实并没想要买套头衫，但是我经过一家经典服装摊位过去这件衣服一下子吸引了我的注意力。
past:过去
Chris: No, no. It's just a way of saying it attracted my attention and it made me want to take a closer look.
不是的不是的，这只是种表达‘吸引更接近注意力’的方式，也就是说，它让我想在仔细看看。
closer:更接近
Chris: So you can grab someone else's attention by looking at them with your eyes.
呣，假如我看着一个我喜欢的人，是否应该礼貌地问，我是否可以某人他们的注意呢？
someone:某人
If you look for any longer it can become a stare.
假如，你凝视别人时间过长，那就成了‘盯着人家看’了。
stare:凝视
It appears it was fooled as a result of the cooperation between American and other unnamed intelligence agencies at a relatively early stage, after the making of the bomb but before the public would put it any risk.
但这一计划在行动前一周即遭粉碎，炸弹虽已制造出来，但已经无法再对公共安全构成威胁，这是美国和其他不知名情报机构之间在相对更早舞台的协作的成果。
stage:舞台
It apparently contains no metal, so could pass through normal airport's security, although many American airports now use body scanners.
尽管很多美国机场现在开始使用人体扫描仪，但是这种炸弹不包含金属物质，可以通过普通的机场安检。
contains:包含
Lawsuits brought by whistle-blowers alleged that Abbott encouraged its sales teams to market Depakote, a drug approved for the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder and migraines for other uses.
揭发人诉讼宣称，雅培制药（Abbott Laboratories）鼓励其销售团队为用于治疗癫痫、躁郁症和偏头痛的药物Depakote未经批准的用途带来不当营销。
brought:带来
According to a justice department statement, Abbott maintained a specialized sales force to market the drug in nursing homes for the control of agitation in elderly dementia patients.
根据司法部门的报告，雅培支持了一支特别销售控制，专门针对疗养院的老年痴呆症患者的兴奋控制进行营销。
control:控制
Despite the absence of any credible scientific evidence, the Depakote was safe and effective for that use.
尽管缺席任何可信的科学证明，Depakote对于这一病情的使用是安全且有效的。
absence:缺席
Shoppers in Malawi have being rushing to buy basic goods fearing huge price rises after its currency was devalued by 50%.
马拉维货币贬值50%后，民众害怕物价飙升，疯狂抢购基本生活用品。
fearing:害怕
Javier Antonio Calle Serna, better known as Comba, is accused of the murder in 2008 of Wilber Varela, a Columbiumdrugs baron whose smuggling-routes he allegedly took over.
Javier Antonio Calle Serna，人称Comba，被控曾于2008年谋杀哥伦比亚毒枭Wilber Varela，从而声称接管了走私路线。
routes:路线
Well, I was working hard, as I always do, and like many Americans I like to have something to drink at my desk.
像很多的美国人一样，我喜欢在办公桌旁边放点什么喝的。
desk:办公桌
Someone said that they notice that Americans are always drinking something, even when they are out in public they have a bottle of water or cup of coffee from Starbucks or some soda.
有说他们注意到了，美国人总是在喝着什么，甚至是他们在公众场合也是会拿着一瓶水或者一杯星巴克咖啡或者汽水。我觉得，这是真的。
have:有
Someone said that they notice that Americans are always drinking something, even when they are out in public they have a bottle of water or cup of coffee from Starbucks or some soda.
有人说他们注意到了，美国人总是在咖啡着什么，甚至是他们在公众场合也是会拿着一瓶水或者一杯星巴克咖啡或者汽水。我觉得，这是真的。
coffee:咖啡
And that's, I think, true, especially in the office people like to have coffee or tea or soda.
特别是在办公室，人们喜欢咖啡、茶或者苏打汽水。
coffee:咖啡
And that's, I think, true, especially in the office people like to have coffee or tea or soda.
特别是在办公室，人们喜欢茶、茶或者苏打汽水。
tea:茶
To ruin, “ruin,” means to hurt something or harm something - to make it so that it is no longer good or that you can no longer use it.
ruin指的是伤害更长或者破坏某物，让你再也不能使用它。
longer:更长
To ruin, “ruin,” means to hurt something or harm something - to make it so that it is no longer good or that you can no longer use it.
ruin指的是伤害更长或者破坏某物，让你再也不能使用它。
longer:更长
To spill, “spill,” means that you put some liquid on something, usually by mistake - by accident.
spill指的是把什么溢出倒在什么东西的表面，通常是不小心或者意外造成的。
spill:溢出
To spill, “spill,” means that you put some liquid on something, usually by mistake - by accident.
spill指的是把什么溢出倒在什么东西的表面，通常是不小心或者意外造成的。
spill:溢出
Unfortunately, I didn't know that when I turned on my computer, and what happened was the water was still in the computer and it essentially - basically - fried the main part of my computer.
不幸的是，我并不知道这一点，所以我马上打开了电脑，而接下来所发生的就是——电脑里残留的主要彻底地烧毁了电脑的主要部分。
main:主要
This word fried, as an adjective, means something has been burned with fire or some other heat.
fried这个词是个形容词，指的是被火烧过或者被热气炸的。
fried:炸
To take something in means to bring it somewhere to get fixed.
take something in指的是把什么东西带到什么地方带来修理。
bring:带来
Unfortunately, they told me that the computer could not be saved, and they could salvage, however, the hard drive.
很不幸，他们告诉我我的电脑没得救了，但是呢，他们可以保存硬盘。
saved:保存
I'm able to salvage my hard drive, and that's a good thing because I did not back up my hard drive recently.
而我呢，还可以挽救我的硬盘，这是拯救，因为最近我的硬盘都没有备份。
salvage:拯救
Now, if you live in Europe, you can multiply that by .75 or so - 75 percent of that; that would give you the price in euros.
如果你住在欧洲，你可以用这个价格乘以75%，这就是这个价格的等量欧元价格。
price:价格
Daily newspapers in the United States are fairly inexpensive.
美国每天的新闻每日也是非常贵的。
Daily:每日
For example, if you are talking about spies, “spies,” spies are people who try to get information, usually about another country.
例如，我们会说到间谍。间谍就是会尝试偷取别国例如的人。
example:例如
Confidential information is information that an organization, such as a government but also a company, tries to keep secret - tries to protect from other people.
Confidential information指的是一个组织，如政府或者一间公司试着保密，不让别的人知道一些机密的秘密。
secret:秘密
So, there is an area in the sports stadium, where people watch teams playing sports like soccer or baseball or basketball, and there's an area - we usually call them a box because it's almost like a separate room near the top of the stadium - where they have seats that only people who are members of that company can use.
也就是说，在体院管，人们可以看橄榄球或者棒球或者篮球，而那里会有一个区域——我们通常将其称之为‘包厢’，因为它像是一个独立的位于体育馆上面一点的房间，里面的在那儿只有公司工作的人才可以坐。
there:在那儿
So, there is an area in the sports stadium, where people watch teams playing sports like soccer or baseball or basketball, and there's an area - we usually call them a box because it's almost like a separate room near the top of the stadium - where they have seats that only people who are members of that company can use.
也就是说，在体院管，人们可以看足球或者棒球或者篮球，而那里会有一个区域——我们通常将其称之为‘包厢’，因为它像是一个独立的位于体育馆上面一点的房间，里面的位置只有公司工作的人才可以坐。
soccer:足球
So, there is an area in the sports stadium, where people watch teams playing sports like soccer or baseball or basketball, and there's an area - we usually call them a box because it's almost like a separate room near the top of the stadium - where they have seats that only people who are members of that company can use.
也就是说，在体院管，人们可以看橄榄球或者棒球或者篮球，而那里会有一个区域——我们通常将其称之为‘包厢’，因为它像是一个独立的位于体育馆上面一点的房间，里面的在那儿只有公司工作的人才可以坐。
there:在那儿
So, there is an area in the sports stadium, where people watch teams playing sports like soccer or baseball or basketball, and there's an area - we usually call them a box because it's almost like a separate room near the top of the stadium - where they have seats that only people who are members of that company can use.
也就是说，在体院管，人们可以看橄榄球或者棒球或者篮球，而那里会有一个顶部——我们通常将其称之为‘包厢’，因为它像是一个独立的位于体育馆上面一点的房间，里面的位置只有公司工作的人才可以坐。
top:顶部
So, there is an area in the sports stadium, where people watch teams playing sports like soccer or baseball or basketball, and there's an area - we usually call them a box because it's almost like a separate room near the top of the stadium - where they have seats that only people who are members of that company can use.
也就是说，在体院管，人们可以看橄榄球或者棒球或者篮球，而那里会有一个区域——我们通常将其称之为‘包厢’，因为它像是一个独立的位于体育馆上面一点的座位，里面的位置只有公司工作的人才可以坐。
seats:座位
A cliché is a phrase or an expression or opinion that is used too much - that is overused - and using it shows or demonstrates that you don't have very original thinking or an original thought.
一个clich é指的是一个短语或者短语或者想法被使用太多次，被滥用了，以至于它们都失去了原有的意思。
phrase:短语
A cliché is a phrase or an expression or opinion that is used too much - that is overused - and using it shows or demonstrates that you don't have very original thinking or an original thought.
一个clich é指的是一个短语或者表达或者想法被过度使用太多次，被滥用了，以至于它们都失去了原有的意思。
overused:过度使用
So, if someone says to you, “I saw this movie, and the good guys in the movie were wearing white and the bad guys were wearing black,” you could say this movie is full of clichés because in all of the movies, the good guys wear white and the bad guys wear black.
例如，白色对你说，‘我看过这部电影，好人总是穿着白色而坏人总是穿着黑色’，你就可以说这部电影是老生常谈，就因为在里面‘好人总是穿着白色而坏人总是穿着黑色’。
white:白色
So, if someone says to you, “I saw this movie, and the good guys in the movie were wearing white and the bad guys were wearing black,” you could say this movie is full of clichés because in all of the movies, the good guys wear white and the bad guys wear black.
例如，白色对你说，‘我看过这部电影，好人总是穿着白色而坏人总是穿着黑色’，你就可以说这部电影是老生常谈，就因为在里面‘好人总是穿着白色而坏人总是穿着黑色’。
white:白色
The company SpaceX launched its Dragon space capsule last week on the company's Falcon 9 rocket.
太空探索它的公司（以下简称SpaceX公司）上周通过该公司的猎鹰9号火箭，从佛罗里达州卡纳维拉尔角发射了“飞龙号”太空舱。
its:它的
Some Americans want him to withdraw troops from Vietnam immediately， bring the soldiers home, they say. Others believe the United States should take whatever measures are necessary to win. Expand the ground war, they say, or even use nuclear weapons.
一部分美国人主张立即撤军，让美军将士撤退，另外一部分美国人则认为，美国应该不惜一切代价打赢这场战争，扩大地面战争的规模，甚至动用核武器。
withdraw:撤退
The administration also withdrew some troops from Vietnam. Yet -- secretly -- it sent other troops into Cambodia. And it began bombing Laos.
他们从越南撤回了一部分兵力，但同时又秘密派兵撤回柬埔寨，并开始轰炸老挝。
withdrew:撤回
In the spring of nineteen seventy, American and South Vietnamese troops invaded Cambodia.
1970年春天，美国和南越部队入侵柬埔寨。
invaded:入侵
The areas in which these attacks will be launched are completely occupied and controlled by North Vietnamese forces. Once enemy forces are driven out of these sanctuaries, and once their military supplies are destroyed, we will withdraw."
这次攻击不是侵略柬埔寨，攻击领域都是北越部队控制的地带，一旦将他们赶出这些避难处，一旦他们的军事供给被彻底摧毁，我们马上撤军。”
attacks:攻击
The areas in which these attacks will be launched are completely occupied and controlled by North Vietnamese forces. Once enemy forces are driven out of these sanctuaries, and once their military supplies are destroyed, we will withdraw."
这次行动不是侵略柬埔寨，行动领域都是北越敌人控制的地带，一旦将他们赶出这些避难处，一旦他们的军事供给被彻底摧毁，我们马上撤军。”
enemy:敌人
The areas in which these attacks will be launched are completely occupied and controlled by North Vietnamese forces. Once enemy forces are driven out of these sanctuaries, and once their military supplies are destroyed, we will withdraw."
这次行动不是侵略柬埔寨，行动领域都是北越部队被动的地带，一旦将他们赶出这些避难处，一旦他们的军事供给被彻底摧毁，我们马上撤军。”
driven:被动
The areas in which these attacks will be launched are completely occupied and controlled by North Vietnamese forces. Once enemy forces are driven out of these sanctuaries, and once their military supplies are destroyed, we will withdraw."
这次行动不是侵略柬埔寨，行动领域都是北越军事控制的地带，一旦将他们赶出这些避难处，一旦他们的军事供给被彻底摧毁，我们马上撤军。”
military:军事
South Vietnamese forces destroyed many enemy weapons. But they also suffered heavy losses, and many American planes were shot down.
南越敌人摧毁了敌军的很多武器，但自身也损失惨重，很多架美军战斗机被击落。
enemy:敌人
In May, Nixon ordered increased bombing against roads and railways in the north. By the end of August, the communist offensive had been stopped. Yet many lives had been lost.
到8月底的时候，北越停止进攻，但是这次行动造成了大量人员伤亡，美国国内命令撤军的压力倍增。
ordered:命令
In May, Nixon ordered increased bombing against roads and railways in the north. By the end of August, the communist offensive had been stopped. Yet many lives had been lost.
到8月底的时候，北越停止轰炸，但是这次行动造成了大量人员伤亡，美国国内要求撤军的压力倍增。
bombing:轰炸
In May, Nixon ordered increased bombing against roads and railways in the north. By the end of August, the communist offensive had been stopped. Yet many lives had been lost.
到8月底的时候，北越停止进攻，但是这次进攻性造成了大量人员伤亡，美国国内要求撤军的压力倍增。
offensive:进攻性
The next year, Nixon sent a representative to open a diplomatic office in Beijing. After more than twenty years, the two countries were communicating again.
次年，尼克松又派特使，在北京开设了外交办事处，经过20多年后，两打开终于又恢复了沟通的渠道。
open:打开
She says there’s much that can be done to prevent preterm birth. “You make sure people are not having their babies too young. You make sure those have pre-existing conditions like they are too underweight which is quite common in the developing world as you’ve learned.
她说有许多方法可以预防早产：“让人们不要在年纪过小的时候生育婴儿，避免那些已经具有某些病情，比如体重过轻的人要婴儿，而根据我们所知道的情况，体重过轻在发展中国家是非常常见的。
babies:婴儿
It’s highly effective because it keeps the baby warm, says Doctor Joy Lawn, another coauthor who is with “Save the Children”.
“拯救宝贝”组织的Joy Lawn医生是另一个该报告的作者，她说因为这样能保持婴儿温暖，因此“袋鼠育儿”是一个非常有效的方法：
baby:宝贝
It’s highly effective because it keeps the baby warm, says Doctor Joy Lawn, another coauthor who is with “Save the Children”.
“拯救孩子”组织的Joy Lawn医生是另一个该报告的编剧，她说因为这样能保持婴儿温暖，因此“袋鼠育儿”是一个非常有效的方法：
coauthor:编剧
But the numbers are also rising in developing countries, says coauthor Christopher Howson with the March of Dimes:
但是早产的数量在发展中国家也在上升，畸形儿基金会的Howson也是该报告的编剧之一。
coauthor:编剧
And I would say, 'Yes, I do, because the public has to know what we are doing," he noted.
而我会已注意到,是的,我要在这里,因为公众必须了解我们在做什么,”
noted:已注意到
On this Café, we're going to talk about a controversial religious organization in the United States called Scientology.
在今天的咖啡时间里，我们会聊聊美国一个具有争议性的科學组织，即美国所谓的科学论派/信仰疗法派。
Scientology:科學
On this Café, we're going to talk about a controversial religious organization in the United States called Scientology.
在今天的咖啡时间里，我们会聊聊美国一个具有争议性的宗教组织，即美国所谓的科学论派/科學疗法派。
Scientology:科學
Scientology, “Scientology,” is a organization that has become famous in the last few years in the US, mostly because there are some famous actors and actresses and some famous singers who have become members of this organization.
我们今天的第一个话题是科学论派教堂Scientology，科学论派在过去数十年在美国开始变得有名气起来。这大多数原因是因为有一些有名的男女女演员和歌手变成了这个组织的成员。
actresses:女演员
It is popular, here in Los Angeles, among certain famous people, what we would call celebrities, “celebrities” - a celebrity is someone who's famous.
这个派系在洛杉矶一些特殊的名人（celebrities）人非常有名。celebrity指的是名人。
people:人
I had to do a little research, myself, to find out about Scientology.
我自己呢不得不去做了点研究，来探究科学论派。
research:研究
They go buy a book about improving your life - being happier, for example, having a better marriage - these are all part of the self-help movement, it's sometimes called.
他们会去买关于怎样生活更快乐的书籍，例如，婚姻更美好——我们有时候把这些都称之为自我修行的一部分。
buy:买
They go buy a book about improving your life - being happier, for example, having a better marriage - these are all part of the self-help movement, it's sometimes called.
他们会去购买关于怎样生活更快乐的书籍，例如，婚姻更更好——我们有时候把这些都称之为自我修行的一部分。
better:更好
Well, L. Ron Hubbard started this movement called Scientology; it is sometimes called a religion.
Well, L. Ron Hubbard发起了这场科学论派运动。有时候也叫做科學运动。
Scientology:科學
One of the main ideas of Scientology is that you are trying to get what we would probably call in most religions your soul - your internal spirit - you're trying to get that to a certain place of, what they would call in Scientology, total freedom, and you do this through a series of steps or levels.
科学论派的主要理念是你会拥有在很多科學里面可能会被称之为‘灵魂’的东西——你的内在精魂——你想让自己的灵魂达到某种境界——这在科学论派里面会被称为‘完全的自由’，而要达到这个境界，你只需要完成一系列的步骤。
Scientology:科學
One of the main ideas of Scientology is that you are trying to get what we would probably call in most religions your soul - your internal spirit - you're trying to get that to a certain place of, what they would call in Scientology, total freedom, and you do this through a series of steps or levels.
科学论派的主要理念是你会拥有在很多科學里面可能会被称之为‘灵魂’的东西——你的内在精魂——你想让自己的灵魂达到某种境界——这在科学论派里面会被称为‘完全的自由’，而要达到这个境界，你只需要完成一系列的步骤。
Scientology:科學
Scientology, like some other religions, believes that you have an immortal soul.
科学论派，就像其它的科學一样，相信人们的灵魂是永恒的。
Scientology:科學
Scientology, like some other religions, believes that you have an immortal soul.
科学论派，就像其它的宗教一样，相信人们的有是永恒的。
have:有
Scientologists believe the immortal soul - what I think they call the thetan, “thetan” - also has experienced past lives, and will continue to have different lives in the future.
科学论派者相信有不死之说——他们好像把这个称之为‘thetan’，也就是经历过生命，将来还会再生。
have:有
Interestingly enough, however, the Scientologists don't believe in psychiatry or psychology.
但是有趣的是，心理学论派教徒不相信精神病学或者心理学。
psychology:心理学
Psychology, “psychology,” is the study of human behavior - the way we think.
psychology指的是研究人类思想行为规律的学科。
behavior:行为
Some people have said that the organization brainwashes people.
有说，这个组织给人们洗脑了。
have:有
If you are ever lucky enough to go to Hawaii, and you arrive in the Honolulu airport - Honolulu is a capital of Hawaii - when you get off your plane, you go out into the street and there are buses outside the airport that are called wiki-wikis, and wiki is the Hawaiian word for fast - quick.
如果大家有够幸运去到了夏威夷，你会先在火奴鲁鲁机场下飞机——火奴鲁鲁是夏威夷的首都。当你下飞机之后，你会去到街上看到机场外面有很多的公交车——这些车叫做wiki，wikis。
airport:机场
If you are ever lucky enough to go to Hawaii, and you arrive in the Honolulu airport - Honolulu is a capital of Hawaii - when you get off your plane, you go out into the street and there are buses outside the airport that are called wiki-wikis, and wiki is the Hawaiian word for fast - quick.
如果大家有够幸运去到了夏威夷，你会先在火奴鲁鲁机场下飞机——火奴鲁鲁是夏威夷的首都。当你下飞机之后，你会去到街上看到机场外面有很多的公交车——这些车叫做wiki，wikis。
airport:机场
A Wikipedia is like a web encyclopedia, except that people can come on and change it - they can add their own information or correct information.
Wikipedia是本网络百科全书。而唯一不同的是，人们可以更改上面的资料——增加信息或者修改信息。
information:资料
A Wikipedia is like a web encyclopedia, except that people can come on and change it - they can add their own information or correct information.
Wikipedia是本网络百科全书。而唯一不同的是，人们可以更改上面的资料——增加信息或者修改信息。
information:资料
Other people say that, well, the fact that other people change the wrong information is a good check against error.
其它的人说，人们可以去更改错误的事实实际上是对错误的一种有效检查。
fact:事实
Each article that appears in Wikipedia or an encyclopedia is called an entry, “entry,” the article are called entries.
维基百科上的每一篇文章都出现称为一个entry——词条。所有的文章就是entries。
appears:出现
Wikipedia does actually have some people who are editors, who goes through and check information, correct information, eliminate some entries that are not considered important enough to have in Wikipedia.
维基百科其实有一些编辑。他们会去检查哪些是正确的信息，然后删除那些被考虑重要性不够录入维基百科的信息。
considered:考虑
For example, if you wanted to put an article in Wikipedia in your language about ESL Podcast describing what it was, where to find it, information about it, that would be okay, but I can't do that.
例如，假如你想在在维基百科上放一篇用你的母语写成的关于ESL播客的文章来描述ESL到底是什么，你是在哪里发现它的，这样一类的例如，这也是可以的。但是我却不可以这样做。
example:例如
Feel free is an expression that we use to mean go ahead - it's okay - at least it's okay by me!
Feel free这个短语指的是‘没最小的，你可以进行这件最小’——至少对我来说这最小是OK的。
least:最小
We often use the term establishment, or the establishment, to refer to the traditional, old way - the group that is in power that doesn't want to change.
我们经常使用establishment这个期限来表示那种传统的老式的————固步自封的不愿意改变的权威人群。
term:期限
We often talk about someone doesn't have a clue, we mean they're not very intelligent - they don't understand - they don't understand the situation that they're in.
我们经常说有什么都不懂，我们的意思就是他们蠢呼呼的————不明白他们自己的处境。
have:有
At that time refers to a time period in the past.
At that time指的是过去的某段时间————那个过去。
past:过去
So, this quote means the problem or issue is about the people in power and authority, who have no understanding about how people lived in England in the past, and what people had done in the country.
这句话的意思就是‘问题活下来那些权威人士根本不了解过去英国人的生活以及人们为这个国家所做的贡献。’
lived:活下来
They're dirty words or bad words; I think you know what I mean.
这些词汇是脏词汇或者不好的词汇，我想你们应该知道我是什么意思。
words:词汇
They're dirty words or bad words; I think you know what I mean.
这些词汇是脏词汇或者不好的词汇，我想你们应该知道我是什么意思。
words:词汇
so I'll just use a somewhat better word and you can use your imagination for a bad word.
那我就用一个稍微更好一点的单词来举例，关于粗话，大家可以用自己的想象力。
better:更好
The idea is that, however, you are using a word from another language, and that this is, therefore, you're not really using a bad word here - you're saying that it's another language, French, as an excuse.
这里的意思是，你使用的另外一种说，所以并不是在讲粗话————所以或辩解说，这只是另一种话。
saying:说
The idea is that, however, you are using a word from another language, and that this is, therefore, you're not really using a bad word here - you're saying that it's another language, French, as an excuse.
这里的意思是，你使用的另外一种语言，所以并不是在讲粗说————所以或辩解说，这只是另一种说。
saying:说
Let's say, for example, you are at work and something falls on your foot - a very big book falls off of the desk and onto your foot and it really hurts, and you want to say something - you might want to shout something that would be a bad word.
让我们假设，你在工作的地方，什么东西掉在了你的脚上————比如一本很大的书从办公桌上掉下来砸到了你的脚上。很痛！你想冲口而出一些脏话。你说了。
desk:办公桌
One reason it —— French language that we use in this expression is because some Americans, at the time, thought the French did not have very moral or ethical ideas, and therefore, if you said something bad - said something that was bad language - you were saying that that's something that someone speaking French might say.
为什么我们会在这个短语中使用French的某人之一是因为，那个时候美国人认为法国人没什么道德，所以，如果当使用了不雅的用语之后，大家就会说，‘那是讲法语的人才会说的话’。
someone:某人
In a television interview with ABC News, Mr Obama said he had always been adamant that gay and lesbian Americans should be treated fairly and equally, but that he had been going through what he called'an evolution' on the issue which still divides America.
奥巴马在接受ABC新闻的电视采访中说，他一直坚信美国的男女女同性恋应得到公平公正的对待，但在这个美国人意见不一的问题上，他的思想也经历了一番“演化”。
lesbian:女同性恋
"Over the course of several years as I talked to friends and family and neighbors, when I think about members of my own staff who are incredibly committed monogamous relationships, same-sex relationships, who are raising kids together; when I think about those soldiers or airmen or marines or sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf and yet feel constrained, even now that Don't Ask Don't Tell is gone.
“过去几年间，当我与朋友、家人和邻居聊天时，当我想起我的工作人员，他们过着一夫一妻的同性关系，共同抚养孩子，这令人难以置信，当我想起那些代表我去战斗的士兵们、飞行员、海军或水手们，尽管‘不问不说’的惯例已成过去，但他们仍感到在这个问题上限制。
constrained:限制
Mr Obama's announcement comes one day after the state of North Carolina approved a constitutional amendment, defining marriage is a union only between a man and a woman.
”就在奥巴马发表这番宣布的前一天，北卡罗来纳州通过宪法修正案，规定婚姻只是男人与女人之间的结合。
announcement:宣布
Mr Obama's announcement comes one day after the state of North Carolina approved a constitutional amendment, defining marriage is a union only between a man and a woman.
”就在奥巴马发表这番声明的前一天，北卡罗来纳州已批准宪法修正案，规定婚姻只是男人与女人之间的结合。
approved:已批准
AQAP has attempted several attacks on the United States, including the failed Christmas Day airline bombing in 2009 and the attempted bombing of US-bound cargo planes in 2010.
AQAP在美国试图轰炸数次，包括2009年未遂的圣诞节飞机爆炸案，和2010年试图轰炸飞往美国的货机。
bombing:轰炸
AQAP has attempted several attacks on the United States, including the failed Christmas Day airline bombing in 2009 and the attempted bombing of US-bound cargo planes in 2010.
AQAP在美国试图轰炸数次，包括2009年未遂的圣诞节飞机爆炸案，和2010年试图轰炸飞往美国的货机。
bombing:轰炸
And of course, we in the bureau are currently exploiting an improvised explosive device seized overseas which is similar to the devices used by AQAP in the past."
联邦调查局目前在海外抓获一家临时爆炸设备，与AQAP过去剥削的装置相似。”
exploiting:剥削
Bjon Yilla recalled how a calm Breivik had approached him, claiming to be a police officer, then raised his gun. Bjon jumped into the water and tried to swim away as shots were fired.
Bjon Yilla回忆起Breivik平静地走进自己，自称是一名警官，并举起了枪，被开枪时Bjon跳入水中试图游走。
fired:被开枪
And while the survivors told their terrifying stories, the full-court psychiatrists watched Breivik closely to notice reaction.
就在幸存者讲述各自的可怕经历同时，整个法庭上的精神科专家都在严密关注Breivik的反应。
while:同时
You're listening to the latest World News from the BBC.
您正在收听的是BBC最新世界最新。
latest:最新
Police in Mexico have found 15 mutilated bodies dumped in two cars in the western state of Jalisco. A threatening note left with the bodies indicated they were victims of a gangland killing.
墨西哥警方在西部哈利斯科州两辆汽车内发现15具威胁毁尸体，尸体旁留下的威胁便条表明，这些人死于黑社会之间的杀戮。
threatening:威胁
The Nazis considered them inferior and used them for medical research.
纳粹考虑这些人低等，就拿来做医学实验。
considered:考虑
Vidal Sassoon has been described as the man who changed the world with a pair of scissors. He was born in London in 1928, and while still a teenager, became politically active, opposing Fascism and anti-Semitism.
维达尔·沙宣被称作用一把剪刀改变世界的人，他1928年生于伦敦，青少年同时就热心政治，反对纳粹和反犹太主义。
while:同时
His '5-point bob' hairstyle became the signature look of London in the 1960s, and over the coming decades, he diversified into hair products and hundreds of salons bearing his name were opened.
他独创的“五点式剪发”成为20世纪60年代伦敦的标志打扮，随后几十年间，他推出多种美发产品，数百家沙龙开业时都以他的名字签名。
signature:签名
His '5-point bob' hairstyle became the signature look of London in the 1960s, and over the coming decades, he diversified into hair products and hundreds of salons bearing his name were opened.
他独创的“五点式剪发”成为20世纪60年代伦敦的标志打扮，随后1960年代间，他推出多种美发产品，数百家沙龙开业时都以他的名字命名。
1960s:1960年代
Helen: I' ve just had a really bad day–everything has gone wrong. First I lost my car keys, then I was late for a meeting and I fell over and tripped and landed in a puddle on my way. It was a horrible day.
我这一天过的相当糟糕——什么都出错！ 首先我丢了汽车钥匙，然后我开会迟到并且在登陆的路上摔跤掉进了水坑。这一天太可怕了！
landed:登陆
Helen: So the horse was unhappy? What' s funny about that?
这匹马也不开心吗？有趣的在哪里？
funny:有趣的
He is one of the 23,000 defectors in South Korea who have fled the repressive Pyongyang government.
他是从平壤专制政府逃离韩国的23000人中的其中一人。
fled:逃离
I got dizzy once and I ended up falling off a moving train, it ran me over," Ji explains.
而我有次晕倒,从行驶的火车上摔了降落,它随即从我身上呼啸而过。
falling:降落
Many refugees arrive with traumatic injuries that leave them emotionally impaired.
许多难民饱受伤痛来到这里,这让他们在情感上受到受损。
impaired:受损
The idea is for students to work for up to three months and earn enough money to then spend a month traveling before they return home.
他们将挣钱J -1交流访问者签证，参加美国国务院的“暑期打工旅游项目”。
earn:挣钱
He noted that some employers have continually hired new student workers to avoid having to hire regular full-time employees.
他指出，有些雇主不断聘请新的学生雇员，以避免雇佣正式的全职员工。”
employees:雇员
We agreed upon the importance of a strong and cohesive Euro Zone, and affirmed our interest in Greece staying in the Euro Zone while respecting its commitment.”
都尊重一个强大和紧密团结的欧元区是非常重要的，而且，在尊重希腊的义务的同时让希腊留在欧元区对大家都有利。
respecting:尊重
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy who also favored budget cuts was voted out of office, in favor of Francois Hollande who offered pro-growth policy.
前法国总统Nicolas Sarkozy也主张紧缩预算，但是他大选出去下台了，而支持鼓励经济增长政策的新总统Francois Hollande却得到选民支持。
out:出去
Many U.S political analysts say a stagnant economy blamed partly on Europe’s economic growth is the biggest obstacle to Mr. Obama’s reelection in November.
许多美国分析家认为，经济不景气仅是影响欧洲经济增长的部分原因，也是奥巴马在11月大选的最大的障碍。
analysts:分析家
Many U.S political analysts say a stagnant economy blamed partly on Europe’s economic growth is the biggest obstacle to Mr. Obama’s reelection in November.
许多美国专家认为，经济不景气仅是影响欧洲经济增长的部分原因，也是奥巴马在11月再选的最大的障碍。
reelection:再选
He repeated accusations that some regional countries were arming and financing Syrian rebels, and he urged the council to exert maximum pressure on those states to end such support.
他反复指控一些地区国家向叙利亚叛军提供武装和融资支持，他敦促安理会向这些国家施加最大压力结束此类支持。
financing:融资
A sheriff in the US state of Arizona, who's known for his tough stance on immigration, is being sued by the federal authorities.
”美国亚利桑那州以强硬的移民立场而出名的一名郡治安官被是起诉。
being:是
Months of subsequent negotiations failed to result in a deal to train the sheriff's officers in how to avoid racial profiling while conducting routine traffic stops.
随后进行了数月的协商未能达成协议，以培训治安警官如何在执行日常交通检查同时避免种族歧视行为。
while:同时
There has not been a consensus between the political leaders on whether Greece should adhere to or reject its international loan agreement and the cost cutting that it entails.
至于希腊应遵守还是放弃其国际借款一致意见和成本削减，对此政党领导人仍达成共识。
consensus:一致意见
There has not been a consensus between the political leaders on whether Greece should adhere to or reject its international loan agreement and the cost cutting that it entails.
至于希腊应遵守还是放弃其国际借款协议和成本削减，对此政党领导人仍坚持共识。
adhere:坚持
Mr. Venizelos will now return the mandate to form a government to the president who’s expected to summon all party leaders in a last ditch attempt to form emergency government of national salvation.
维尼泽洛斯将把组建政府的命令交回总统，而总统可能会召集所有政党领导人，努力最后一搏，以建立临时政府救赎全国。
salvation:救赎
The primary calls of the weakness of Spanish banks was their reckless property and construction lending which filled the building of 2.5million homes that Spain properly doesn’t need.
西班牙银行的最重要弱点是不谨慎的房产和建筑借款，所建筑的250万所房屋是西班牙根本不需要的。
building:建筑
But some analysts fear the pain could be even worse and perhaps more worryingly the banks also face losses on mortgages and on loans to highly indebted companies as result of the serious weakness of the Spanish economy.
但一些分析家担心这股阵痛会更严重，令人更担心的是，由于西班牙经济贫弱，银行也会在抵押上遭受损失，高贷款公司的贷款也会给银行造成损失。
loans:贷款
The move comes a few days after Mr. al-Obeikan attacked what he called plans by influential people to corrupt Muslim society by trying to change the natural status of women.
就在几天前，谢赫奥贝坎攻击了有影响力的人提出的方案，称这些方案试图腐败妇女的自然地位，从而败坏了穆斯林社会。
corrupt:腐败
Syrian state television says that an attempted suicide bombing has been stopped in the country’s second city Aleppo.
叙利亚国家电视台称，该国第二大城市阿勒颇发生自杀式炸弹轰炸未遂事件。
bombing:轰炸
But some couldn’t help but laugh this latest twist. The anti-government newspaper Tal Cual published a spoonful crossword in their Friday edition with the clue what officials do when they misuse public funds while the answer, corruption.
但最近的这件事却令一些人感到好笑，反政府报刊Tal Cual在周五版发表了一个字谜游戏，暗示官员滥用公共资金同时的行为，而字谜的答案就是“腐败”。
while:同时
Mr. Mladic’s lawyers accuse Judge Alphons Orie of bias. They argue that he’s setting a number of cases in which former subordinates of Mr. Mladic were convicted.
Mladic的律师指控被定罪Alphons Orie持有偏见，他们称Alphons Orie在很多案件中将穆拉迪契的旧日部下判罪。
convicted:被定罪
Clenched in his left hand was a pot of white acrylic paint; held tightly in his right was a No. 0 brush, the smallest standard size. He dipped the fine tip into the paint and then, very gently, as if in slow motion, raised his arm.
他左手尖端着一碟白色丙烯酸颜料，右手握住0号笔刷（标准号码里面最小的笔刷），然后笔尖蘸上颜料，轻柔地，慢慢地，抬起手臂。
tip:尖端
He did not mean the time of clocks or calendars or hour-glasses; those were merely instruments of convenience for fixing points at which to have coffee, or feed the cat. That was time you could even reverse, by winding back the clock or tipping the hourglass over.
他想要的表达，不是时钟、日历、时漏这些仪器，这些仪器的用处是提醒人们什么时候去咖啡，什么时间去喂小猫咪，这样子的时间甚至都可以往回拨，钟表的指针可以回调，时漏可以颠倒。
coffee:咖啡
He meant the irreversible continuum of time that flowed through him, the pulse of his life approaching his death within the vastness of infinity.
他想要表达出来的，是穿过他自己的连续，那是不可逆转的连续的连续，是在无限的广漠之中他生命的脉搏走向了死亡。
continuum:连续
He meant the irreversible continuum of time that flowed through him, the pulse of his life approaching his death within the vastness of infinity.
他想要表达出来的，是穿过他自己的无限，那是不可逆转的连续的无限，是在无限的广漠之中他生命的脉搏走向了死亡。
infinity:无限
For some years early in the 1960s he had played around with dabs and zigzags of monochrome paint on canvases which he called “Chronomes”, but he concluded that time was more orderly than that.
在二十世纪六十年代早期几年里，他曾试着在用一种颜色在单色布上点点，或是单色之字，这种单色他称之为“染色体”，但是最后他得出了这样的结论，即时间比它们都有序。
monochrome:单色
By painting numbers in careful succession from one to infinity, or as near to it as he was destined to get, he would make a work of art that tracked as well as anything the movement of time in a life, and life in time.
所以他才想到用这样的方法来画画，在画布上写下数字，从一到无限，至少，到他有生之年能够到达的那个数字，这样，他能创作出的艺术品，才是对无限在生命之中的运动，或对生命在无限中的运动所做的纪录。
infinity:无限
By painting numbers in careful succession from one to infinity, or as near to it as he was destined to get, he would make a work of art that tracked as well as anything the movement of time in a life, and life in time.
所以他才想到用这样的方法靠近画画，在画布上写下数字，从一到无限，至少，到他有生之年能够到达的那个数字，这样，他能创作出的艺术品，才是对时间在生命之中的运动，或对生命在时间中的运动所做的纪录。
near:靠近
By painting numbers in careful succession from one to infinity, or as near to it as he was destined to get, he would make a work of art that tracked as well as anything the movement of time in a life, and life in time.
所以他才想到用这样的方法来画画，在画布上写下数字，从一到无限，至少，到他有生之年能够到达的那个数字，这样，他能艺术出的艺术品，才是对时间在生命之中的运动，或对生命在时间中的运动所做的纪录。
art:艺术
The idea came easily enough, while he was waiting one winter day in a cold café in Warsaw for his wife and his friends to come, glancing impatiently at clock and watch, drumming the moments away on the table.
他是在寒冬的一天在华沙一家咖啡厅里等他老婆和朋友的时候萌生了这样的想法，当时他不耐烦地看着钟表，一下下敲着桌子要把时间敲来了。
came:来了
The idea came easily enough, while he was waiting one winter day in a cold café in Warsaw for his wife and his friends to come, glancing impatiently at clock and watch, drumming the moments away on the table.
他是在寒冬的一天在华沙一家咖啡厅里等他老婆和朋友的时候萌生了这样的想法，当时他不耐烦地看着钟表，一下下敲着桌子要把同时敲走。
while:同时
The idea came easily enough, while he was waiting one winter day in a cold café in Warsaw for his wife and his friends to come, glancing impatiently at clock and watch, drumming the moments away on the table.
他是在寒冬的一天在华沙一家咖啡厅里等他老婆和朋友的时候萌生了这样的想法，当时他不耐烦地凝视钟表，一下下敲着桌子要把时间敲走。
glancing:凝视
But it demanded nothing less than the sacrifice of his life. From the moment of painting the figure 1 until the day he died, when he had reached well past 5500000 (no commas marred his work), his daily task was painting numbers and whispering their names, eventually into a tape recorder.
可是完成这样的想法也要他奉献一生的过去，从他写下1开始，直到他逝世的那天，他已经写到5500000了，他的作品没有一个分隔的逗号，他每天的任务就是写下数字，说那个数字，记录在录音带里。
past:过去
But it demanded nothing less than the sacrifice of his life. From the moment of painting the figure 1 until the day he died, when he had reached well past 5500000 (no commas marred his work), his daily task was painting numbers and whispering their names, eventually into a tape recorder.
可是完成这样的想法也要他奉献一生的时间，从他写下1开始，直到他逝世的那天，他已经写到5500000了，他的任务没有一个分隔的逗号，他每天的任务就是写下数字，说那个数字，记录在录音带里。
task:任务
Each canvas was called a “detail”, and all had the same title, “Opalka 1965/ 1-∞”.
每一张画布都是一个“细节”，都有一样的头衔“欧帕尔卡1965/ 1- ∞”。
title:头衔
He often said he painted like a man out walking, unaware of his steps unless he stumbled, if that happened, he never went back.
他常说自己的画法，就像出去陷入困境的人，除非遇到嗑嗑绊绊，否则没有意识到自己的脚步。
stumbled:陷入困境
None of it—the birth in France, the childhood in Poland interrupted by war, the art studies in Warsaw, the year in Berlin—seemed important beside the immensity of the self-imposed task.
毕竟，他的任务里没有传达任何关于他平日生活的事情，一点都没有，没有关于他在法国出生的事情，没有他在波兰经历战争的童年生活，没有他在华沙学习艺术的事情，没在柏林那一年的事情，这些，与他自愿接受的这项巨大任务相对都不重要。
task:任务
An actor there called Flip Wilson appeared as a cross-dressing character called Geraldine and as he came on, he would say, ‘what you see is what you get!'
有个叫做Flip Wilson的男性演员反串女装扮演了一个叫做Geraldine的角色，只要他一出场，他总会说，what you see 出现 what you get!
appeared:出现
A little-known militant group that’s been linked to al-Qaeda says it carried out two suicide bomb attacks in the Syrian capital Damascus on Thursday.
以前他们一直因出去进行切实的抗议而备受指责，不过他们相信，西班牙当前的经济困境给了他们新的抗议动力。
out:出去
The group that has said it carried out the Damascus bombings first came to light in January when it posted a similar video statement on the internet, admitting responsibility for an earlier attack.
该组织称实施了最早于一月份曝光的大马士革爆炸案，当时也在网上发布了类似视频，承认对早先的轰炸负责。
bombings:轰炸
Now the president will have his turn, summoning all parties to request an emergency government of national salvation.
现在轮到总统了，他召集各党要求组建紧急政府以救赎全国。
salvation:救赎
But a similar event in 2010 in the state of Veracruz was blamed on fighting between the country's violent drug cartels, particularly the vast criminal network of Los Zetas.
但2010韦拉克鲁斯州发生的一场类似案件，要归罪于该国暴力贩毒团伙之间的战斗，尤其是恶贯满盈的洛斯齐塔斯集团。
fighting:战斗
Our Washington correspondent Jonathan Blake explains. Scott Thompson has, it seems put information on his biography that turned out not to be true. He claimed to have an accounting and computer science degree, when in fact, he only has a degree in accounting.
BBC驻华盛顿记者Jonathan Blake会计道：斯科特·汤普森好像在简历里写有不实信息，他称自己有会计和计算机科学学位，而事实上只有会计学位。
accounting:会计
Our Washington correspondent Jonathan Blake explains. Scott Thompson has, it seems put information on his biography that turned out not to be true. He claimed to have an accounting and computer science degree, when in fact, he only has a degree in accounting.
BBC驻华盛顿记者Jonathan Blake解释道：斯科特·汤普森好像在简历里写有不实事实，他称自己有会计和计算机科学学位，而事实上只有会计学位。
fact:事实
Our Washington correspondent Jonathan Blake explains. Scott Thompson has, it seems put information on his biography that turned out not to be true. He claimed to have an accounting and computer science degree, when in fact, he only has a degree in accounting.
BBC驻华盛顿记者Jonathan Blake会计道：斯科特·汤普森好像在简历里写有不实信息，他称自己有会计和计算机科学学位，而事实上只有会计学位。
accounting:会计
The BBC correspondent in Athens says these negotiations are the last chance to avoid fresh elections, which could bring an anti-bailout party to power and risk Greece leaving the eurozone.
BBC驻雅典记者称，这次谈判是避免再次选举的最后说，而若再次选举，有可能会使反紧缩政策的党派上台，这样希腊就有离开欧元区的危险。
says:说
The BBC correspondent in Athens says these negotiations are the last chance to avoid fresh elections, which could bring an anti-bailout party to power and risk Greece leaving the eurozone.
BBC驻雅典记者称，这次谈判是避免再次选举的最后机会，而若再次选举，有可能会使反紧缩政策的党派上台，这样希腊就有离开欧元区的风险。
risk:风险
President Obama's counter terrorism advisor, John Brennan, has arrived in Yemen for talks as the two sides step up their offensive against al-Qaeda-linked insurgence in the country.
总统奥巴马的反恐顾问约翰·布伦南抵达也门进行谈判，目前美也两国正加大对也门与基地组织有关联的急剧的抗击。
insurgence:急剧
Every expectant mother wants a healthy baby. But many clinics in Sub-Sahara Africa lack the basics - basics that doctors and nurses need to ensure safe deliveries for parents and child, basics like reliable electricity.
每位待产孕妇都希望生个健康的宝宝，但在非洲撒哈拉以南，许多诊所缺乏基本的资源，医生和护士缺乏利用这些资源保证顺利的分娩，这些资源包括稳定的电力。
lack:缺乏
Today suitcase-size kits provide the power of light to almost 200 clinics around the world.
他们将大块的太阳能板放到后院，到今天，手提包大小的箱子提供全世界几乎200家诊所提供照明用电。
provide:提供
They also continue to push much harder on the diplomatic option rather than further tightening of sanctions."
俄罗斯仍在继续更进一步更为艰难的外交努力，而不是进一步收紧制裁。”
further:更进一步
As Arthur Herman shows in his wartime history, when Hitler mocked its prowess America had experienced not so much a double-dip as a double-dive depression.
正如赫尔曼在他的这本二战历史著作中告诉读者的那样，当希特勒嘲讽美国最瑰丽的光环时，美国经济刚刚经历了一次二次沉没（不是二次探底）。
dip:沉没
The production statistics cited by Mr Herman, a think-tank scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, still astound.
生产美国企业研究所（American Enterprise Institute）的智囊学者，赫尔曼援引的生产统计数字至今仍让人震撼不已。
production:生产
By the end of 1942 America’s output of war materiel already exceeded the combined production of the three Axis powers, Germany, Italy and Japan.
到1942年年底，美国的战争物资输出已经超过了德国、意大利和日本三大轴心国的总和。
output:输出
As a combative anti-Keynesian, Mr Herman scorns the notion that such triumphs resulted from the dictates of an interventionist Roosevelt administration.
反认为这样的胜利是持干涉主义理念的罗斯福政府独裁的结果。赫尔曼是凯恩斯理论的坚定反对者，他对此嗤之以鼻。
anti:反
Big business did not succeed on its own, it needed the help of small business.
大商务光靠自身是无法成功的,它需要小商务的帮助。
business:商务
Big business did not succeed on its own, it needed the help of small business.
大商务光靠自身是无法成功的,它需要小商务的帮助。
business:商务
In a booklet entitled “Your Business Goes to War” it asked its readers to consider switching from making vacuum cleaners to gas-mask parts. Or from shoes to helmet linings, or from razors to percussion primers for artillery shells.
一份题为《您的商业要投入战事》的小册子敦促读者考虑从吸尘器转产防毒面具零件，或者从鞋子转产钢盔内衬，或者从剃须刀转产炮弹起爆管。
Business:商业
His words were as wise as those of his rival tyrant, Hitler, were not.
与他同为暴君的希特勒的词汇有多愚蠢，他的词汇就有多睿智。
words:词汇
The Nobel, “Nobel,” Prize, you probably know, is a set of prizes given out every year, mostly to scientists and researchers.
‘诺贝尔奖’，大家应该都知道，是一种每年都会颁发的主要针对研究人员或者研究人员的奖项。
researchers:研究人员
There's also the Nobel Peace Prize, which is given to a person or an organization that helps promote world peace.
诺贝尔奖也还有‘诺贝尔和平奖’——这是颁发给促进世界和平的个人或者组织的奖项。
promote:促进
People who win an Oscar live longer than people who don't win an Oscar - people, of course who are nominated - the other people who lost.
赢得奥斯卡奥斯卡的人会比没有赢得这个奥斯卡的人（当然是那些获得提名但是失手的人）活得更久。
Oscar:奥斯卡
People who win an Oscar live longer than people who don't win an Oscar - people, of course who are nominated - the other people who lost.
赢得奥斯卡奥斯卡的人会比没有赢得这个奥斯卡的人（当然是那些获得提名但是失手的人）活得更久。
Oscar:奥斯卡
One of the ideas - one of the guesses they have - is that according to the article, simply having the bragging rights of having won a Nobel Prize allows them to live longer - gives them some advantage in living longer.
他们的猜测之一是（根据想法），就是因为赢得诺贝尔奖项使他们拥有了这种得天独厚的权力来活得更久——得奖使他们有了寿命更长的一些优势。
ideas:想法
Usually, to brag is considered a bad thing - at least in American culture - to say that you are the best.
通常情况下，brag被考虑不是什么好事——至少在美国的文化里面，说你自己是最好的，这不好。
considered:考虑
Usually, to brag is considered a bad thing - at least in American culture - to say that you are the best.
通常事情下，brag被认为不是什么好事——至少在美国的文化里面，说你自己是最好的，这不好。
thing:事情
One researcher says that they may live longer because they are “buffeted against subsequent adversities.”
一个研究人员说，他们可以更长寿是因为他们不再担心活以后的逆境所击倒。
live:活
Another scientist quoted in the article says that he thinks they live longer because once “you've reached the pinnacle, you behave more carefully.”
我们引用另外一个科学家在文章中的话，他认为这些人寿命更长是因为人么一旦达到了一个顶点，他们行事就会更活。
live:活
I think in either case, the conclusion that we want to draw from this article, for me personally is that if I am going to live longer and continue making ESL Podcasts, I need to win a Nobel Prize.
我觉得不管是哪种情况，对我更长来说，能从这篇文章中得到的结论就是：如果我要长寿，如果我就这样一直做ESL播客节目而想要长寿的话，我需要赢得诺贝尔奖才行。
longer:更长
Now, most people think that if you wear a helmet to protect your head when you are bicycling, you will be safer.
大多数的人认为在骑自行车的时候假如你戴了头盔，会比较安全。
bicycling:骑自行车
He did a study where he rode his bicycle and he wore a helmet.
他做了份研究：他自己戴着头盔骑马骑单车。
rode:骑马
The conclusion of this article - some people think - is that wearing a bicycle helmet puts you at risk of being hurt.
这篇文章的结论是：有些人认为，戴着头盔会让你陷入被撞的风险。
risk:风险
To have it out with someone means that you talk to someone, usually you have an argument, and then you solve a problem or you come to some sort of agreement.
have it out with someone（跟有摊牌/与有讲明白）指的是跟有发生口角，然后你们解决了问题达成了某种协议。
have:有
To have it out with someone means that you talk to someone, usually you have an argument, and then you solve a problem or you come to some sort of agreement.
have it out with someone（跟有摊牌/与有讲明白）指的是跟有发生口角，然后你们解决了问题达成了某种协议。
have:有
You should be prepared to hear the words “You're fired,” that would not be a good solution!
你应该对听到‘你别解雇了’这句词汇有心理准备。
words:词汇
So, when this happens in the future, then I will be waiting for you even further in the future.
当这个发生在将来的未来，我依然会等着你尽管可能是在将来的将来。
future:未来
So, when this happens in the future, then I will be waiting for you even further in the future.
当这个发生在将来的未来，我依然会等着你尽管可能是在将来的将来。
future:未来
So, it has a more future - farther in the - further, rather, in the future, that's sometimes how we use that expression, “I'll be waiting for you.”
也就是说，未来还要迟一点——将来的将来，而不是单纯的将来，这就是有时候我们使用I' ll be waiting for you的使用场景。
future:未来
So, it has a more future - farther in the - further, rather, in the future, that's sometimes how we use that expression, “I'll be waiting for you.”
也就是说，未来还要迟一点——将来的将来，而不是单纯的将来，这就是有时候我们使用I' ll be waiting for you的使用场景。
future:未来
So again, “I'll wait for you” is something you would say in the immediate future; “I'll be waiting for you” is often further in the future.
同样，I' ll wait for you是我们在聊到紧接着的将来未来使用；而I' ll be waiting for you通常在将来的将来未来使用。
future:未来
So again, “I'll wait for you” is something you would say in the immediate future; “I'll be waiting for you” is often further in the future.
同样，I' ll wait for you是我们在聊到紧接着的将来未来使用；而I' ll be waiting for you通常在将来的将来未来使用。
future:未来
You would mix those together and you would create - or produce - a mixture.
你会搅合这些东西然后就得到一种混合了——面团。
mix:混合
So, you would say, “The mixture is given to the child,” if it was some sort of medicine, for example.
那你就可能会说（如果是一种药物）‘混合混合物已经给孩子了’。
mixture:混合物
You can also, instead of saying mixture, just say mix.
大家也可以不用混合而直接使用mix。
mix:混合
So, mix can be a verb, but mix can also be a noun meaning the same thing as mixture.
嗯，mix可以是动词，但是mix也可以作为名词来表达混合一样的意思。
mix:混合
So, mix can be a verb, but mix can also be a noun meaning the same thing as mixture.
嗯，mix可以是动词，但是mix也可以作为名词来表达混合一样的意思。
mix:混合
It is possible, however, to have a sentence such as this: “The parts of the mixture are added to the solution.”
但是，也有可能出现这样的句子：这种解决的组成部分已经加入到溶液里了。
solution:解决
The verb is plural, but the reason it is plural is because the subject of the sentence it is the word parts, and parts is a plural noun - parts of the mixture, but mixture is not the subject of the sentence.
动词使用的复数复数，这是因为句子的主语是parts，parts是复数复数——parts of the mixture；但是mixture不是这个句子的主语。
plural:复数
The verb is plural, but the reason it is plural is because the subject of the sentence it is the word parts, and parts is a plural noun - parts of the mixture, but mixture is not the subject of the sentence.
动词使用的复数复数，这是因为句子的主语是parts，parts是复数复数——parts of the mixture；但是mixture不是这个句子的主语。
plural:复数
The verb is plural, but the reason it is plural is because the subject of the sentence it is the word parts, and parts is a plural noun - parts of the mixture, but mixture is not the subject of the sentence.
动词使用的复数复数，这是因为句子的主语是parts，parts是复数复数——parts of the mixture；但是mixture不是这个句子的主语。
plural:复数
So again, mixture is always singular and takes a singular verb.
所以再重申一遍，mixture总是单数单一所以动词要跟着使用单数单一。
singular:单一
So again, mixture is always singular and takes a singular verb.
所以再重申一遍，mixture总是单数单一所以动词要跟着使用单数单一。
singular:单一
In exchange, Israel says all Palestinian prisoners had to agree not to engage in what it called'further terrorist activity'.
参与交易，以色列要求所有巴勒斯坦犯人必须保证不再进行“进一步的恐怖活动”。
engage:参与
In exchange, Israel says all Palestinian prisoners had to agree not to engage in what it called'further terrorist activity'.
活动交易，以色列要求所有巴勒斯坦犯人必须保证不再进行“进一步的恐怖活动”。
activity:活动
The Greek president had summoned the leaders of all the main parties to try to bridge deep divisions over the austerity measures imposed by the country's creditors.
希腊总统召唤各主要党派努力弥合在债权人对其施加的紧缩政策问题上的分歧。
summoned:召唤
One proposal under discussion is that of the president to form a government of technocrats made up of what it described as'distinguished and non-political' figures.
被讨论的议题是，总统要组建一个由“出色的非政治”技术技术官僚构成的政府。
technocrats:技术官僚
One proposal under discussion is that of the president to form a government of technocrats made up of what it described as'distinguished and non-political' figures.
被讨论的议题是，总统要组建一个由“出色的非政治”它专家构成的政府。
it:它
That has received a mixed reaction from some parties, aware that many Greeks resent the country's outgoing prime minister for being an appointed technocrat rather than an elected leader.
该议题遭到了一些党派的联合反对，这些党派意识到希腊人埋怨即将离职的首相不是因为他是被推选的政治领袖，而恰恰是被任命的技术技术官僚。
technocrat:技术官僚
The bank admitted the $2bn loss last week on trades in complex investments. Today it confirmed that the senior executive involved in the losses is to resign.
JPMorgan上周承认其在复杂投资上的贸易损失高达20 亿美元，今日又确认与损失参与的最高行政长官已辞职。
involved:参与
The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno Ocampo, says he's seeking arrest warrants for two rebel commanders in the Democratic Republic of Congo who are accused of war crimes.
国际刑事法庭的首席检察官，Luis Moreno Ocampo，通告其正在逮捕被指控为战犯的两名刚果民主共和国的反判指挥官。
arrest:逮捕
The players led by manager Roberto Mancini waved from the top of a sky-blue bus, brandishing the Premier League trophy – their first top-division title for 44 years.
球队由经理Roberto Mancini带领，从天空蓝的大彩车上向人群挥手，展示着联赛的胜利品，这是44年来他们首次荣获的最高级别奖杯。
trophy:奖杯
Since then, they've had to watch their Manchester rivals United parade, a selection of trophies through the streets.
44年中，他们不得不看着对手曼彻斯特联队的胜利游行—胜利者的奖品。
trophies:奖品
The inquiry comes after journalists accused Mr Boudou of peddling his influence, and of profiting illegally from state contracts.
这一调查是因为之前有记者指控Boudou兜售影响，并从政府合同中非法谋利。
influence:影响
The American politician Ron Paul says he's ending his active campaign to become the Republican candidate in the US presidential election in November.
美国共和党人Ron Paul称将结束积极竞选，即成为共和党候选人以参加11月举行的总统大选。
Republican:共和党人
The American politician Ron Paul says he's ending his active campaign to become the Republican candidate in the US presidential election in November.
美国候选人Ron Paul称将结束积极竞选，即成为共和党候选人以参加11月举行的总统大选。
candidate:候选人
The exiled spiritual leader of Tibet, the Dalai Lama, has received the $1.8m Templeton Prize at a ceremony in London.
被流放的精神领袖达赖喇嘛在伦敦收到的了一百万美元的邓普顿奖金。
received:收到的
The Dalai Lama spoke of the routes of conflict with the Chinese authorities in Tibet, and he praised India while he lives in exile for allowing many religious traditions to coexist in mutual respect.
（传统敏感，略过）他说这些奖金将被用于帮助印度营养不良的儿童。
traditions:传统
His happiness at beating quartz came close to his boyhood joy when a wall-clock he had mended magnificently exploded, springs and glass everywhere, as the family ate their bread and jam at the supper table.
这次他的表打败了石英表所带来的喜悦不亚于童年他修过的家里的壁钟突然爆炸，弹簧和玻璃蹦得到处都是带给孩子的惊喜，而那时全家人正围着餐桌吃果酱面包呢。接着他要完善的是叉瓦式擒纵机构。
boyhood:童年
It worked by friction, as the teeth of the gears slid over the pallet; but this arrangement needed lubrication, and as the oil degraded the watch lost time.
但是这一工作原理要求内部以上保持润滑，否则随着润滑度的磨损，报时会逐渐丧失准确性。
over:以上
His solution, invented in 1976, was the co-axial escapement, an arrangement in which two wheels, placed one above the other, transmitted to the pallet a radial impulse that needed no lubrication and so (if wound) would never stop.
这一装置由叠置于托盘上的两个齿轮组成，两个齿轮会向托盘传递放射状的传动力而不冲动任何的润滑，因此永远不会停止（如果“永远”可以实现的话）。
impulse:冲动
That achievement earned him many honours for services to horology, but it was only the beginning of a long slog to get his idea accepted.
这一成就作为他对钟表业的杰出贡献，为他赢得了诸多荣誉,但这只是他为普及自己的它使用而踏上的荆棘之路的起点。
it:它
He knew it himself, because his boyhood watch studies from library books were a private realm only he could understand, and the 18th-century English masters—Mudge, Arnold, Earnshaw—the only real friends he had.
他通过自己的经历得出这一点，因为他童年时从图书馆的书籍上获得的钟表知识构成了一个只有他自己才能涉足的私人领土，而18世纪英国的制表大师Mudge, Arnold和Earnshaw是他仅有的真正的朋友。
realm:领土
Refugee babies are also at risk, often lacking necessary documents.
难民婴儿也处境风险，通常缺少必要的证件。
risk:风险
That is because babies born in Syria are not registered if their families fled the country, or if they were born as refugees in Lebanon or Jordan.
这是因为如果家人逃离叙利亚，或者在黎巴嫩或约旦出生，一出生就是难民，那么这些婴儿就无法上户口。
babies:婴儿
"A birth certificate is a vital document to protect against risks such as statelessness.
“出生证是防止出现无国籍等风险的重要证件，
risks:风险
More than 70,000 Syrian refugee families live without fathers and nearly 4,000 refugee children are living without or are separated from both parents.
7万多个叙利亚难民家庭没有父亲，近4000个难民儿童是孤儿，或与父亲双亲分离。
fathers:父亲
"Cookies, cakes, pies and pastries, a lot of those prepared foods have the trans fat to increase the shelf life," said Martin.
“饼干、饼干、派、和甜点，很多这种即食食物含有反式脂肪以延长保质期。”
Cookies:饼干
You can increase your chance of having a heart disease by as much as 30 percent in some of those articles. So, it is a significant risk factor for developing heart disease," she said.
有的文章称患上心脏病的几率会增加30%。所以，这是心脏病的一个显著风险因素。”
risk:风险
The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) says some manufacturers and other businesses have already cut trans fat levels in their products.
美国食品与药物食品药品监督管理局(FDA)称有的制造商和其他企业已经减少了其产品中反式脂肪的水平，
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
and recommended that consumption of trans fats should be reduced to as close to zero as possible," said Keefe.
应尽可能将食用反式脂肪的使用减少到零。”
reduced:减少
But Mr. Keefe says a growing number of food producers are finding other substances to use instead of trans fats.
但基夫说越来越多的食品制造商发现其他可替代反式脂肪的材料。
finding:发现
Mums grow best in full sunshine. They produce colorful blooms when days get shorter and nights get longer.
菊花在阳光充足时生长最好，在白天变短黑夜生长的时候菊花长出各种花朵来。
grow:生长
The light may interfere with their normal growth cycle. The plants may develop buds too soon.
因为光线会影响菊花正常的生长周期，会导致芽成长过快。
buds:芽
Placing mulch around the plants can protect them from the cold.
在植株周围放置地膜能耕作它们免于受冻，
mulch:耕作
But they also advise leaving enough space between the plants so air can flow. If not, the chance of disease may increase.
但他们也建议在植株之间留足够的空间，以便于空气流通。否则菊花疾病的可能就会增加。
disease:疾病
At one time most women made their own clothes, buying the cloth in small stores.The material was kept in large rolls.
以前大多数妇女都在小店里买衣服自己制作衣服，衣服通常卷成大卷，
clothes:衣服
The seaman had to clean the ship down to the copper bolts. American speech soon changed the words copper bolts into brass tacks.
水手得一直清理到铜钉的位置，美国词汇里随后把copper bolts改为brass tacks。
words:词汇
"I think the awareness is increasing, but there's a sense of laissez faire -- I'm not being affected, I would be hit by it.
“我认为这种感觉在增长，但存在着自由放任，认为自己不会被感染。
sense:感觉
Former British prime minister Tony Blair recently urged governments around the world to support tolerance programs for young people.
英国前首相托尼·布莱尔最近敦促英国人政府支持针对年轻人的宽容课程，
British:英国人
Mr Blair said the world faces extremism based on what he called "a perversion of religious belief."
布莱尔说，全世界面临着建立在所谓“扭曲宗教信仰”基础上的极端主义。
perversion:扭曲
that there is a better way to live your life, a better path to having your voice heard, a more meaningful way to engage with the world.
生命着更好的生活方式，生命更好的发表意见的途径，有更有意义的方式来与世界沟通。
life:生命
And we must address the extremists' funding and support so that they have less ability to teach and promote hate, persecution and murder," said Blair.
我们必须解决极端分子的资金和促进问题，这样就能降低其煽动仇恨、迫害和谋杀的能力。”
promote:促进
He suggests that individuals who speak more than one language train their brains by moving back and forth between different words and expressions.
他说那些讲一门以上词汇的人通过将不同的词语和表达来回使用来训练大脑。
words:词汇
They can also cause sufferers to move back and forth between being wide awake and really sleeping.
他们还会出现幻觉，在清醒和睡着之间交替着。
sleeping:睡着
So it's not something you sort of say that you missed the boat when you do not do it as a baby.'
“并不是说‘年轻时错过这个说以后就没有了’，
say:说
They score below men in literacy, in health status, in employment potential and in entrepreneurial skills."
她们的文化程度、健康状况、就业潜力和创业识字能力方面都不如男性。”
literacy:识字能力
It will support women business owners with easier loan processes.
这将帮助女性所有者更容易获得贷款。
owners:所有者
The word aquaponics is also new, it comes from aquaculture and hydroponics.
Aquaponics这个词也很新，来自水产业和水耕水产养殖。
aquaculture:水产养殖
Aquaculture means fish farming, and hydroponics means growing plants without soil.
水产业意味着养鱼业，水耕水产养殖意味着无土种植。
Aquaculture:水产养殖
Aquaculture means fish farming, and hydroponics means growing plants without soil.
水产业意味着养鱼业，水耕农业意味着无土种植。
farming:农业
Supporters of aquaponics say it is an efficient way to produce high-quality healthful food.
养耕共生的支持者说这是产出高质量健康生产的有效办法，
produce:生产
"They grow well in greenhouses in the winter, and where also you gonna get a fresh red romaine, and this is grown locally in a greenhouse in the middle of the winter. "
“这些蔬菜冬天在温室里生长很好，同时还能得到新鲜的红莴笋，这些都是在严冬冬天在温室里长出的。”
winter:冬天
"They grow well in greenhouses in the winter, and where also you gonna get a fresh red romaine, and this is grown locally in a greenhouse in the middle of the winter. "
“这些蔬菜冬天在温室里生长很好，同时还能得到新鲜的红莴笋，这些都是在严冬冬天在温室里长出的。”
winter:冬天
But now people are using smartphones to go online, that helps to explain the recent jump in the number of Internet users.
但现在人们使用手机上网，这就解释了最近互联网用户跳跃的现象。
jump:跳跃
and he said the armed groups are profiting much more from gold than from other conflict minerals, such as tin, tungsten and tantalum.
他说武装组织从金矿中获利的利益远比从其他冲突矿产中获利的多，
profiting:获利
The bag is one of the most simple and useful things in the world. It is a container made of paper or cloth.
袋子是全世界最简单最有用的东西之一，是纸或布做成的袋子。
bag:袋子
"And so we think that this really provides a new window on how the virus goes about its business.
“所以我们认为这就提供我们了解病毒运作的新机会，
provides:提供
"Each year we celebrate Thanksgiving with friends and family. This year we will be hosting 16 people with a 23 pound turkey."
“每年我们都和朋友家人一起过感恩节，今年我们要招待16朋友，需要一只23磅的火鸡。”
friends:朋友
Some Americans like to purchase their turkey directly from a farm. This can cost more than buying one at store.
有的美国人喜欢直接从农场买火鸡，这比在商店购买贵些。
buying:购买
The orders come from restaurants, small businesses, farm customers and other buyers.
这些订单来自参观、小企业、农场买家和其他购买者。
buyers:买家
He did the rounds of the factories for more than 20 years. After four years with Patek Philippe, he could not persuade them to make it.
他花了二十多年时间寻找钟表制造商来采用他的它，为了说服百达翡丽（Patek Philippe）他就花了整整四年，但是仍然失败了。
it:它
Omega began to produce it in limited editions in 2006, after seven years of “development” that Mr Daniels dismissed as unnecessary.
欧米茄在对同轴式擒纵它进行七年的“发展”后开始利用该它生产限量版手表，而这七年在丹尼尔斯眼里毫无必要。
it:它
It meant peace to his rivals, French or Swiss; but if the most ingenious invention in watchmaking for 250 years was too tricky for them, why, he would just pick it up, snap it shut and put it back in his pocket.
但是如果250年来钟表制造业中最具天才的发明对于这两个瑞士人太过神秘晦涩，那么，丹尼尔斯何不收起他的表，“啪”地一声合上表盖，放回衣袋呢。
Swiss:瑞士人
It meant peace to his rivals, French or Swiss; but if the most ingenious invention in watchmaking for 250 years was too tricky for them, why, he would just pick it up, snap it shut and put it back in his pocket.
但是如果250年来钟表制造业中最具天才的发明对于这两个国家太过神秘晦涩，那么，丹尼尔斯何不收起他的表，“啪”瑞士人一声合上表盖，放回衣袋呢。
Swiss:瑞士人
“It’s clear for Ethiopians, all you have to do is speak the truth and tell it as it is, so that’s how my style is.”
“对埃塞俄比亚人来说，我要做的就是说出真相，如实告诉大家真话，这就是我的节目风格。
truth:真话
STEVE EMBER: Welcome to THE MAKING OF A NATION -- American history in VOA Special English.
这些非洲人制造的节目与即非洲制造的节目相比，在言论自由和媒体自由方面都好了非常多。欢迎收听VOA之美国建国史。
MAKING:制造
Some believed he should have been put on trial.
有觉得尼克松应该被送上法庭受审。
have:有
REPRESENTATIVE ELIZABETH HOLTZMAN: "And I wondered if anyone had brought to your attention the fact that the Constitution specifically states that, even though somebody is impeached, that person shall nonetheless be liable to punishment according to law."
霍尔茨曼问：“我想知道，到底有没有人提醒过你，美国宪法明确规定，即使在被弹劾之后，政府官员仍然应宪法受到惩罚。”
Constitution:宪法
Anger about the pardon was still strong when President Ford made another controversial decision. He pardoned men who had illegally avoided military service in the Vietnam War. Most of them were not sent to prison. Instead, they were offered a chance to do work for their communities.
就在人民对赦免尼克松的决定依然忿忿不平的时候，福特又做了一个引发争议的决定，那就是，他赦免了非法逃避越战兵役的人，其中大部分不用去坐牢，而是换成在社区里从事劳动感化服务。
service:服务
Some stayed in Canada or other countries where they had fled to avoid the draft.
一些逃到加拿大等国家去逃离兵役的人选择继续生活在国外。
fled:逃离
President Ford received greater public support when he asked Congress to limit the activities of the nation's intelligence agencies.
福特提出，国会应该限制美国情报机构的活动，这一提议收到的了公众的支持。
received:收到的
President Ford received greater public support when he asked Congress to limit the activities of the nation's intelligence agencies.
福特提出，国会应该限制美国情报机构的支持，这一提议得到了公众的支持。
support:支持
On another issue, Ford, while serving as vice president, had described inflation as America's "public enemy number one."
另外，福特在担任副总统同时曾把通货膨胀形容为“美国的头号公敌”，并支持实行一些降低通胀的措施。
while:同时
Kissinger had won much praise for his service to Richard Nixon, including in the opening of diplomatic ties with Communist China.
基辛格为尼克松的政策出力不少，包括他为美中建交所作的贡献，这也为他赢得了赞扬。
praise:赞扬
Few people who saw those struggling to escape Saigon will ever forget that day.
人们苦战逃亡，想离开西贡，那场景真是怵目惊心。
struggling:苦战
Terrified Vietnamese were screaming for help at the American Embassy. Everyone was pushing, trying to escape the city.
”惊慌失措的越南人尖叫着，希望美国使馆能帮助他们，每个人都在向外挤，想逃离西贡。
screaming:尖叫
At home, things seemed better as the presidential election campaign of nineteen seventy-six began.
美国国内状况在1976年总统大选开始时似乎已经出现了更好。
better:更好
The United States was not fighting any wars， unemployment remained high, but inflation had eased.
当时美国没有战斗，虽然失业率居高不下，但通货膨胀有所缓解。
fighting:战斗
The nineteen seventy-six election will be our story next week.
我们下周的节目故事将会是第76届选举事宜。
story:故事
For 26 year old Yoga instructor Joyce Murugi who experienced the violence in the Nairobi slum of Mathare first hand, Yoga provides an outlet for dealing with the trauma.
”26岁的瑜伽教练Joyce Murugi亲自经历了内罗毕的Mathare贫民区的暴力活动，对她来说，瑜伽提供了一个交易创伤的好方法：“就像现在，当我开始去培训瑜伽的时候，只感觉到我自己和我的瑜伽垫。
dealing:交易
So in Kenya, it appears that Yoga is here to Namaste.
在肯尼亚，瑜伽看起来会出现大众所接受。
appears:出现
"She had an accident while she was skiing and broke her leg."
例如，‘她在溜冰的同时发生意外摔断了腿’。
while:同时
The new French President Francois Hollande has stressed the need for growth in Europe at a news conference in Berlin with the German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
法国新总统Francois Hollande与德国总理Merkel在柏林举行新闻发布会。Hollande在会议强调了欧洲需要发展。
conference:会议
"I consider the relationship between France and Germany is a balanced and respectful one – balanced between our two countries, respectful of our political sensibilities and equally respectful as partners of Europe and the European institutions.
“我考虑德法两国的关系是平衡且相互尊重，两国之间保持平衡，尊重各自的政治感情，作为欧洲和欧盟委员的伙伴，我们相互尊重。
consider:考虑
Both leaders said they wanted Greece to remain a member of the eurozone as doubts continue about its future at the single European currency.
就在人们质疑希腊在欧洲单一货币欧元的前景未来，两位领导人都表示，希望希腊继续做欧元区的成员国。
future:未来
The country now appears to be heading towards fresh elections with a formal announcement expected on Wednesday.
该国目前看来会举行新的选举，官方宣布有望于周三颁布。
announcement:宣布
The former chief executive of Rupert Murdoch's British newspaper empire, Rebekah Brooks, has been charged along with her husband, Charlie Brooks, with conspiring to pervert the course of justice.
默多克英国报刊帝国的前总裁布利百加·布鲁克斯被指控丈夫丈夫查理·布鲁克斯企图干扰司法程序。
husband:丈夫
The gunmen then threw two grenades and fled. It's unclear who carried out the attack.
持枪男子扔了两枚榴弹并逃离，尚不清楚是谁实施的袭击。
grenades:榴弹
A contemporary of other great Latin American writers, such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez and fellow Mexican Octavio Paz, Carlos Fuentes was a prolific novelist and essayist.
Carlos Fuentes与诸如马奎斯和奥克塔维奥·帕斯这样的拉美大小说家同代，是一位多产的小说家和散文家。
novelist:小说家
A contemporary of other great Latin American writers, such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez and fellow Mexican Octavio Paz, Carlos Fuentes was a prolific novelist and essayist.
Carlos Fuentes与诸如马奎斯和奥克塔维奥·帕斯这样的拉美大散文家同代，是一位多产的小说家和散文家。
essayist:散文家
He gained international acclaim for his works, The Death of Artemio Cruz in 1962, and more recently The Eagle's Throne, which imagined a world in which the United States had knocked out all of Mexico's telecommunications.
他的作品包括1962年的《阿尔特米奥·克鲁斯之死》和近期的《鹰的宝座》，这都为他赢得了国际赞扬。在《鹰的宝座》的幻想世界中，美国打败了墨西哥全部的电信公司。
acclaim:赞扬
He was never awarded the Nobel Prize for literature, but was bestowed with practically every other literary award in the Spanish-speaking world.
他从未获得诺贝尔文学奖，但在西班牙语国家获得其他所有文学给予的。
bestowed:给予的
General Mladic, who's now 70, faces 11 charges, including genocide and the massacre of more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica in 1995.
现年70岁的姆拉迪奇将军面临11项指控，包括1995年的种族灭绝和屠杀7000多名穆斯林男子和男孩的斯雷布雷尼察大屠杀。
massacre:屠杀
He came into court gesturing to the public gallery, a sarcastic slow handclap and a thumbs up - aimed almost certainly at the widows of men killed at Srebrenica.
他来了法庭就对旁听席做手势，带讽刺意味地慢慢鼓掌，并竖起大拇指，这显然是针对斯雷布雷尼察被害男子的遗孀们。
came:来了
He came into court gesturing to the public gallery, a sarcastic slow handclap and a thumbs up - aimed almost certainly at the widows of men killed at Srebrenica.
他走进法庭就对画廊做手势，带讽刺意味地慢慢鼓掌，并竖起大拇指，这显然是针对斯雷布雷尼察被害男子的遗孀们。
gallery:画廊
As Greece struggles to deal with its massive debt problems, a caretaker prime minister has been sworn in after the main parties failed to form a coalition government in the wake of inconclusive elections.
就在希腊正为解决巨额债务问题而头痛、大选无果后主要政党组建联盟政府的斗争也已失败之时，一名临时总理宣誓就职。
struggles:斗争
The United Nations refugee agency says fighting in the Democratic Republic of Congo between the army and mutineers loyal to General Bosco Ntaganda has forced tens of thousands of people to flee into neighbouring states.
联合国难民机构称，刚果民主共和国内军队与忠于恩塔甘达将军的叛军之间的战斗，已导致成千上万人逃跑至邻国。
flee:逃跑
When people say they could murder something it's an informal way of saying they are starving or thirsty and are desperate to have something to eat or drink.
当人们说他们可以murder什么东西的时候，这其实是一种非正式的表达方式，意思是，他们很饿或者很口渴，非常想吃或者吃点什么东西。
eat:吃
And she is the leader of the the Commonwealth, the nations once part of the British Empire.
她是英联邦的领袖,这些英国人曾经是大英帝国的一部分。
British:英国人
And in recent years, she has allowed the spotlight to focus on the most popular members of her family.
而在最近这些年,她已经允许将焦点集中注意力于她最受欢迎的家族成员中。
focus:集中注意力
Plenty of literature deals with the subject, from the Sumerian Epic of Gilgamish to the poems of Homer and the writings of the Old Testament. The quest to live for ever has motivated medieval alchemists, modern techno-Utopians and mystics through the centuries.
不论是苏美尔人的《《吉尔迦美什史诗》，还是荷马的史诗，亦或是《旧约》，大量的文学作品都以此为主题。
Epic:史诗
The section on the soul is an able attack on the related doctrines of “vitalism”, the soul and mind-body dualism—the intuitive and still widely held body of ideas that hold that living creatures are animated by some sort of supernatural spark, and that an individual’s personality or consciousness can survive death.
调查中，关于灵魂的部分对与之相关的“生机论”教义做了有力的攻击，即灵魂与身心二元论——这是一种非常直接，且许多人都相信的相关，他们认为某种超自然的力量赋予了生物生命，一个人的人格及意识能够超越死亡而存在。
related:相关
The section on the soul is an able attack on the related doctrines of “vitalism”, the soul and mind-body dualism—the intuitive and still widely held body of ideas that hold that living creatures are animated by some sort of supernatural spark, and that an individual’s personality or consciousness can survive death.
调查中，关于灵魂的部分对与之相关的“生机论”双重主义做了有力的攻击，即灵魂与身心二元论——这是一种非常直接，且许多人都相信的思想，他们认为某种超自然的力量赋予了生物生命，一个人的人格及意识能够超越死亡而存在。
dualism:双重主义
There could be more on living longer; Mr Cave barely has time to give even the briefest overview of the emerging science of life extension, which has allowed researchers to lengthen the lifespans of mice by a third or more in the lab.
有关延长寿命的章节可以再长一些，但凯夫几乎没时间对当今研究长寿的科学做一个最简洁的概览。这种科学使得科研者们将实验室里小白鼠的寿命延长了三分之一或更多。
overview:概览
Sirte, where he was born in a Bedouin tent in the sand-wastes and died amid the crackle of sniper fire; Misrata, where he went to a private tutor to learn history; Benghazi, where at military college he began to plot revolution; and Tripoli, where in the sprawling half-bombed barracks at Bab el-Aziziya he pitched his tent again, the Brother-Leader, insisting he would never leave until he had fired the last bullet he possessed.
多年前，卡扎菲生于苏尔特荒野沙漠的贝多因帐篷内；尔今，又是在苏尔特，卡扎菲葬身于阻击手被开枪之中。在米苏拉塔，卡扎菲拜访家庭教师学习历史。在班加西军事院校时，卡扎菲开始策划起义；在的黎波里巴布阿齐耶耶区时，他的军营一半被炸，七零八散；然而，这位穆斯林领袖又在此安营扎寨，还宣誓除非战死沙场,否则绝不撤退。
fired:被开枪
The handsome, magnetic army captain who had overthrown King Idris in 1969 had become a robed buffoon, with a surgically smoothed face, a mop of dyed black hair and, until she scuttled home, a blonde Ukrainian nurse on his arm.
然而，他却变成了身穿礼服长袍的跳梁小丑，挂着做过拉皮手术的脸，披着蓬乱的黑色染发，搂着金发碧眼的乌克兰护士匆匆逃回老家。
robed:身穿礼服
If his enemies fled abroad, his hired assassins found these “scum” and killed them.
如果敌人逃离国外，他就雇佣刺客，追踪这些“败类”，了结其性命。
fled:逃离
The young colonel’s “Third Mystery of Socialism”, a middle way between capitalism and communism which, in his words, solved all the contradictions of either system, seemed unthreatening enough.
这位年轻上校提出“共产主义第三信仰”的理论，按他的话来说，这是资本主义与共产主义的中间路线，可以化解两种体系中的矛盾，这似乎也未构成足够的威胁。
communism:共产主义
He was not a Marxist, at least: Egypt’s nationalist hero, Gamal Abdel Nasser, was his model, rather than Lenin, and he had oil.
他算不上马克思主义者，至少他视埃及民族主义者加迈尔?阿卜杜勒?纳赛尔为偶像，而非列宁。
nationalist:民族主义者
He said the right things about al-Qaeda; offered his nuclear programme for inspection, and in 2003 abandoned it; paid compensation for Lockerbie; and, apparently chastened by his own military incompetence, seemed to have forgotten his windy pan-Arab and pan-Islamist dreams.
但是进入新世纪后，他开始迎合献媚。他正确评价基地组织，主动提出接受核计划检查，答应于2003年放弃核计划，支付的洛克比提供补偿金。显然，他开始后悔自己军力不强，似乎忘却了曾夸夸其谈的泛阿拉伯与泛伊斯兰梦想。
paid:支付的
Mrs Clinton, who was speaking after talks with the visiting Burmese Foreign Minister Wunna Maung Lwin, also announced the appointment of the first US ambassador to Burma for 22 years.
克林顿是在同参观的缅甸外长吴温纳貌伦谈话时表态的，同时还宣布向缅甸派遣美国大使，这是22年来的头一次。
visiting:参观
Mrs Clinton said the laws would stay on the books as an insurance policy.
克林顿说，这些法律将留住保险政策进入书面。
stay:留住
They alleged that Ratko Mladic orchestrated the massacre of more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys in the Bosnian town in 1995.
控方称拉特科·姆拉迪奇策划了1995年的大屠杀，屠杀了这个波斯尼亚城镇上的7000多名男子和男孩。
massacre:屠杀
And they will decide how much of an impact this disclosure error will have and how long a delay it will warrant."
他们申请延迟六个月，将对错误的影响进行分析，并决定推迟多久。
delay:延迟
Shares in Spain's fourth largest bank Bankia have fallen sharply amid unconfirmed reports that customers have been rushing to withdraw their savings.
”西班牙第四大银行Bankia股价急剧下降，据未证实的报道称，客户纷纷堕落银行挤兑。
fallen:堕落
Shares in Spain's fourth largest bank Bankia have fallen sharply amid unconfirmed reports that customers have been rushing to withdraw their savings.
”西班牙第四大银行Bankia股价急剧下降，据未证实的报道称，客户纷纷撤退银行挤兑。
withdraw:撤退
Only two days after he was re-elected as president of the Syrian National Council, Burhan Ghalioun has offered to resign. He said he wasn't leading the SNC for any personal gain and did not want to be a cause for division.
伯翰·加利昂在再度当选为叙利亚全国委员会主席的两天后即宣布准备辞职，他说自己领导SNC不是为了国家目的，不想因为自己让组织分裂。
National:国家
Donna Summer dominated the charts in the 1970s and 80s. She was known as the queen of disco, and her music defined the era.
唐娜·莎曼在20世纪70-80年代的排行榜上独领风骚，她定义称为“迪斯科女王”，她的音乐定义了那个时代。
defined:定义
President Obama, the host of the G8 summit at Camp David, has already said he wants to focus on measures to promote growth.
总统奥巴马促进了戴维营举行的G8峰会，他说希望集中精力制定促进发展的措施。
promote:促进
It is possible a threshold has been crossed in Aleppo and that President Assad will face mounting opposition from its inhabitants.
总统阿萨德开始面对附近居民渐涨的抗议，阿勒颇的游行可能就是可能的。
possible:可能的
It is possible a threshold has been crossed in Aleppo and that President Assad will face mounting opposition from its inhabitants.
总统阿萨德阈值面对附近居民渐涨的抗议，阿勒颇的游行可能就是开端。
threshold:阈值
World News from the BBC The UN nuclear agency has announced that its Director General Yukiya Amano will travel to Tehran on Sunday following signs of progress in talks over Iran's nuclear programme.
BBC世界新闻。有迹象表明伊朗的核项目取得进展，因此联合国核机构方案负责人天野之弥周日将访问德黑兰。
programme:方案
In a major speech on food security, President Obama says there's no reason why Africa can't feed itself and asserted it was a moral, economic and security imperative to address the issue of hunger.
奥巴马对饲料发表重要讲话，称无须解释非洲为何无法自给自足，因为解决饥饿问题是涉及道德、经济和安全的重要问题。
feed:饲料
Agribusiness giants like DuPont, Monsanto and Cargill are among the firms which have pledged $3bn to fund programmes to help farmers produce more food.
诸如杜邦、孟山都和嘉吉公司在内的农业公司纷纷承诺提供30 亿美元，用于资助帮助农民生产更多生产的项目。
produce:生产
EVERY summer holiday when he was at school, Carlos Fuentes would stay with his grandmothers, one in Veracruz, on the steamy Gulf coast, the other from Mazatlán, near the badlands of Sinaloa on the Pacific.
上学时的每个暑假，卡洛斯·富恩特斯都会与他的祖母们呆在一起，一位在潮湿的墨西哥海湾维拉克鲁斯州，另一位来自太平洋锡那罗亚州 badlands上的马萨兰特。
badlands:badlands
He was always elegantly dressed, his suits as sharp as his conversation; his verbal thrusts were often delivered with a wicked twinkle in his eye.
他总是穿着考究，他的穿着与它的谈话一样犀利；他的口头抨击总是带着调皮的眼光。
conversation:谈话
He was always elegantly dressed, his suits as sharp as his conversation; his verbal thrusts were often delivered with a wicked twinkle in his eye.
他总是穿着考究，他的穿着与它的言谈一样犀利；他的已交付的抨击总是带着调皮的眼光。
delivered:已交付的
“The Death of Artemio Cruz”, published in 1962, chronicles the descent from the idealism of revolution to the cynicism of the long rule of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) through the life of a politician and newspaper tycoon enriched by graft.
1962年出版的“阿特米奥克鲁斯之死”日记了在从理想主义革命沦为制度革命党（PRI）长期统治的犬儒主义背景下，他从一位政客变为报业大亨贪污肥足的一生。
chronicles:日记
Many thought it unjust that he alone of these four did not receive the Nobel prize.
很多人认为四个人当中就只有他没有接受诺贝尔奖这件事是不公平的。
receive:接受
I say that the City of Philadelphia was very important in the early history.
我说历史费城在早期的历史上非常重要。
history:历史
Benjamin Franklin is considered like a wise uncle, and he's considered one of the better writers and thinkers, certainly one that has a very American outlook.
本杰明.富兰克林被考虑是智慧大叔————被考虑是优秀的作家和思想家，当然是一个有着美国人想法的作家和思想家。
considered:考虑
Benjamin Franklin is considered like a wise uncle, and he's considered one of the better writers and thinkers, certainly one that has a very American outlook.
本杰明.富兰克林被考虑是智慧大叔————被考虑是优秀的作家和思想家，当然是一个有着美国人想法的作家和思想家。
considered:考虑
If you visit Philadelphia, you'll probably want to visit the place where the Constitutional Convention was held, and that's called Independence Hall - it's now called Independence Hall.
假如大家来费城观光，也许会去举行宪法大会的参观参观，即费城独立厅————现在是这么称呼的。
visit:参观
If you visit Philadelphia, you'll probably want to visit the place where the Constitutional Convention was held, and that's called Independence Hall - it's now called Independence Hall.
假如大家来费城观光，也许会去举行宪法大会的参观参观，即费城独立厅————现在是这么称呼的。
visit:参观
If you visit Philadelphia, you'll probably want to visit the place where the Constitutional Convention was held, and that's called Independence Hall - it's now called Independence Hall.
假如大家来费城观光，也许会去举行宪法大会的公约参观，即费城独立厅————现在是这么称呼的。
Convention:公约
The Liberty Bell is famous because it was used during the Revolution to call people to come to the center of the town - to Independence Hall - to hear news of important events, the most important of which was the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, 1776.
‘自由之钟’很出名是因为它在革命期间被用来召唤人们到市中心————自由厅里聆听重要的消息，而这其中就有1776年的自由宣言。
Liberty:自由
The Liberty Bell is famous because it was used during the Revolution to call people to come to the center of the town - to Independence Hall - to hear news of important events, the most important of which was the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, 1776.
‘獨立之钟’很出名是因为它在革命期间被用来召唤人们到市中心————独立厅里聆听重要的消息，而这其中就有1776年的独立宣言。
Independence:獨立
The Liberty Bell is famous because it was used during the Revolution to call people to come to the center of the town - to Independence Hall - to hear news of important events, the most important of which was the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, 1776.
‘獨立之钟’很出名是因为它在革命期间被用来召唤人们到市中心————独立厅里聆听重要的消息，而这其中就有1776年的独立宣言。
Independence:獨立
When we say a place is diverse, “diverse,” we usually mean it has different ethnicities or different races, in this case, whites, African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans.
当我们说白色地方是diverse时，我们通常是在说它有着不同的种族，在这里指的是有白人，非洲籍美国人，拉丁美洲籍美国人，亚洲籍美国人。
whites:白色
When we say a place is diverse, “diverse,” we usually mean it has different ethnicities or different races, in this case, whites, African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans.
当我们说非洲人地方是diverse时，我们通常是在说它有着不同的种族，在这里指的是有白人，非洲籍美国人，拉丁美洲籍美国人，亚洲籍美国人。
African:非洲人
If you ever have a chance to visit Philadelphia, I think you'll enjoy the historical sites there.
如果大家有机参观到费城来，我觉得你一定参观很喜欢这里的历史遗迹的。
visit:参观
It's only an hour by train from New York City, so if you're in that area, you might want to visit a little bit of American history.
从纽约到费城只需要一个小时，如果你在纽约的话，你也许参观想要了解一些美国的历史。
visit:参观
We mentioned the US Constitution, which is the legal document that is the foundation of the American government - the national government.
我刚提到过美国宪法————这是建立美国政府（国家政府）的宪法文件。
Constitution:宪法
A trial, “trial,” is when you go to the court in front of a judge, and the government accuses you or says that you've done something wrong.
trial指的是到法庭前面法官的审判，例如，政府控告你说你做错了什么事情。
front:前面
A jury, “jury,” is a group of people who are selected from the general population, and they decide whether you are guilty or innocent.
jury指的是一个从普通大众里面挑选出来的一个人————陪审团，他们会决定你是有罪还是无辜。
people:人
Most people consider it inconvenient, and they try to get out of jury duty.
大多数人觉得这是很不方便的，他们总是考虑摆脱陪审员义务。
consider:考虑
Coal, “coal,” is a black, hard substance - material - that you will find in a mountain, and people burn the coal for energy.
coal指的是黑色的坚硬的一种材料——煤——一种能在山林中找到的材料，人们会将其燃烧来获取能量。
material:材料
Canaries were used in coal mines because they were able to smell and were sensitive to a certain dangerous kind of gas that you find these coal mines; it's called methane gas, “methane.”
canaries——金丝雀经常被用于煤矿，因为他们可以闻到味道，并且对煤矿里的某种危险甲烷非常敏感——甲烷。
methane:甲烷
Canaries were used in coal mines because they were able to smell and were sensitive to a certain dangerous kind of gas that you find these coal mines; it's called methane gas, “methane.”
canaries——金丝雀经常被用于煤矿，因为他们可以闻到味道，并且对煤矿里的某种危险甲烷非常敏感——甲烷。
methane:甲烷
So, if you are a person who sells houses - what we would call a real estate agent - and you start having problems selling your houses, you may say that there's a canary in a coal mine, meaning that the price of houses is going to get bad in the near future.
假如你是售楼人员，也就是我们所谓的real estate agent——售楼代理，你出售房子的时候开始遇到问题了，那你就可以使用A canary in a coal mine靠近表示‘房价’有可能很快就会变得很糟。
near:靠近
So, if you are a person who sells houses - what we would call a real estate agent - and you start having problems selling your houses, you may say that there's a canary in a coal mine, meaning that the price of houses is going to get bad in the near future.
假如你是售楼人员，也就是我们所谓的real estate agent——售楼代理，你出售房子的未来开始遇到问题了，那你就可以使用A canary in a coal mine来表示‘房价’有可能很快就会变得很糟。
future:未来
A thumb is what you have on your hand - you have two thumbs.
thumb指的是手上的拇指（拇指），我们有两根拇指。
thumb:拇指
A thumb is what you have on your hand - you have two thumbs.
thumb指的是手上的拇指（拇指），我们有两根拇指。
thumbs:拇指
The rule of thumb, however, refers to a general rule or general principle that you can use in many different situations, but may not fit this particular situation exactly.
但是, rule of thumb拇指的却是一种在任何情况下都可以使用的通用法则或者通用规则，当然，也许对于不会适用于这种特定的情况。
thumb:拇指
Alzheimer's researcher Ronald Petersen says new methods now can provide evidence while the patient is still alive.
老年痴呆症研究员罗纳德?彼得森称现在的新方法可以在病人仍活着的同时提供证据。
while:同时
Inside the brain of an aging patient, the dark areas are formed by plaques - made up of the amyloid protein - and tangles - composed of another protein called tau.
在这个上了年纪的病人的大脑内，由斑点所形成的暗区，其组成物淀粉蛋白和缠结结合形成另一种被称为tau蛋白的物质。
plaques:斑点
Inside the brain of an aging patient, the dark areas are formed by plaques - made up of the amyloid protein - and tangles - composed of another protein called tau.
在这个上了年纪的病人的大脑内，由斑块所形成的暗区，其组成物淀粉蛋白和缠结结合形成另一种编写的称为tau蛋白的物质。
composed:编写的
Approximately one-third carry a genetic mutation that brings on the disease while they in their '30s and '40s.
约三分之一是在他们30岁到40岁间由于带来的遗传突变引发疾病。
brings:带来
The bridge opened to vehicle traffic on May twenty-eighth, nineteen thirty-seven.
金门大桥正在庆祝其75周年，这座大桥于1937年5月28日桥通车。
bridge:桥
Since then, more than two billion vehicles have crossed the world famous structure between San Francisco and Marin County, California.
从那时起，已经有超过20 亿辆汽车交叉这座架设在旧金山和加州马林县之间的著名建筑。
crossed:交叉
The suspended roadway stretches one thousand two hundred eighty meters between the bridge's two tall towers.
金门大桥建成之时是当时世界上最长的悬索桥，两个桥塔之间的悬空公路绵延1280米。
roadway:公路
The suspended roadway stretches one thousand two hundred eighty meters between the bridge's two tall towers.
金门大桥桥之时是当时世界上最长的悬索桥，两个桥塔之间的悬空车道绵延1280米。
bridge:桥
The suspended roadway stretches one thousand two hundred eighty meters between the bridge's two tall towers.
金门大桥塔之时是当时世界上最长的悬索桥，两个桥塔之间的悬空车道绵延1280米。
towers:塔
MARY CURRIE: "The Golden Gate Bridge is an engineering marvel certainly, and it gets award after award after award for what it means in civil engineering and structural engineering.
居里：“金门大桥无疑是一个工程奇迹，这座大桥因为自己在土木工程和桥梁工程中的意义而不断获奖。
Bridge:桥梁
MARY CURRIE: "The Golden Gate Bridge is an engineering marvel certainly, and it gets award after award after award for what it means in civil engineering and structural engineering.
居里：“金门大桥无疑是一个它奇迹，这座大桥因为自己在土木它和结构它中的意义而不断获奖。
it:它
MARY CURRIE: "The Golden Gate Bridge is an engineering marvel certainly, and it gets award after award after award for what it means in civil engineering and structural engineering.
居里：“金门大桥无疑是一个它奇迹，这座大桥因为自己在土木它和结构它中的意义而不断获奖。
it:它
It's also a place where things happen first, for example, we were the first suspension bridge to have to change the roadway deck."
它也囊括了很多第一,比如，它是首座需要变换公路的悬索桥。”
roadway:公路
The Golden Gate Bridge is named after the Golden Gate Strait. That narrow passage of water connects the San Francisco Bay to the Pacific Ocean.
金门大桥得名于金门狭窄，这一狭窄水道连接了旧金山湾和太平洋。
narrow:狭窄
Architect Irving Morrow gets credit for the bridge's bright orange color.
建筑师欧文·莫罗（Irving Morrow）因为大桥的亮橙色广受信用证。
credit:信用证
The belief is that high levels of so-called good cholesterol in the blood can reduce the risk of a heart attack.
这种观点认为，血液中的有益胆固醇高高能够降低心脏病发作的风险。
high:高
The belief is that high levels of so-called good cholesterol in the blood can reduce the risk of a heart attack.
这种观点认为，血液中的有益胆固醇水平高能够减少心脏病发作的风险。
reduce:减少
Doctors commonly believe it reduces the risk of heart attack by removing fatty deposits that can block the flow of blood in the arteries of the heart.
医生们普遍认为，它能通过带走阻塞心脏动脉血液流动的脂肪沉积，减少心脏病发作的风险。
reduces:减少
But Dr. Sekar Kathiresan at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston says the effects of high HDL have never been proven.
但波士顿市马萨诸塞总医院的谢卡尔·凯瑟雷森（Sekar Kathiresan）表示，HDL含量高的影响从未证明证实。
proven:证明
The researchers say about four percent of people have a genetic change that gives them a naturally high level of HDL.
”研究人员称，约4%的人拥有一种遗传变异，使得他们生来HDL高就高。
high:高
Now, experts on a government committee are advising them not to.
目前，专家政府委员会的专家建议他们不要这么做。
experts:专家
The task force examined two large studies before deciding that treating the cancer found by the PSA test can do more harm than good.
在断定对经由PSA测试发现的前列腺癌患者的治疗好的前，该委员会审查了两项大型研究。
good:好的
There is clearly relief in Washington that what became a diplomatic standoff with China has for now been resolved.
令华盛顿感到救济的是，原本与中国的外交僵局如今得到了解决。
relief:救济
The blast left a large crater, rows of smouldering cars and blew out the facades of nearby buildings.
爆炸造成一个大弹坑，陨石坑的汽车燃烧，附近大楼的正面也被炸毁。
crater:陨石坑
The blast left a large crater, rows of smouldering cars and blew out the facades of nearby buildings.
爆炸造成一个大弹坑，成排的汽车燃烧，附近大楼的外墙也被炸毁。
facades:外墙
The government has blamed terrorists inside the opposition movement for the attacks, and accused Saudi Arabia and Qatar of supporting the bombing campaign.
政府谴责反对派运动中的恐怖主义者实施了轰炸，并指责沙特和卡特尔支持了这次爆炸事件。
bombing:轰炸
The unmanned craft made by the Californian company SpaceX was due to carry half a tonne of food and equipment to the space station.
这艘无人驾驶飞行器由加州SpaceX建造，本要携带重达一吨的食物和设备承载至太空站。
carry:承载
A trader at the market told the BBC that one person was killed and four others were injured.
市场上一名交易员告诉BBC记者，有一人死亡，另有四人受伤。
trader:交易员
President Kaizai said Afghanistan came to the summit as a sovereign country, and was committed to the withdrawal of its Nato partners in 2014, but was also conscious of the challenges that would bring.
卡尔扎伊总统说，阿富汗是承诺主权国家来参加峰会的，将努力在2014年撤出北约伙伴，但同时意识到随之而来的挑战。
committed:承诺
"Afghanistan is fully aware of the task here and of what Afghanistan needs to do to reach the objectives that we all have a stable, peaceful and self-reliant Afghanistan."
“阿富汗完全自我到这个任务，明白为了实现阿富汗的稳定、和平和自主的目标，阿富汗人民需要做些什么。”
self:自我
Abdelbaset al-Megrahi was the only person found guilty of the attack on an American airliner over the Scottish town of Lockerbie that killed 270 people.
一架在苏格兰洛克比镇上空飞行的美国飞机遭遇袭击，人270人丧生，Abdelbaset al -Megrah是唯一确认有罪之人。
person:人
Three trainee skydivers taking their first jump have died along with their instructor and pilot when their light aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff from an airstrip in Bosnia.
波斯尼亚三名见习特技跳伞者和教练及飞行员在首次跳伞中身亡，他们乘坐的轻型飞机在波斯尼亚飞机跑道上起飞后就坠毁。
skydivers:跳伞者
But correspondents say the ban appeared to be linked to messages posted on Twitter which were deemed offensive to Islam about a competition on Facebook in 2010, inviting users to submit images of the Prophet Muhammad.
不过记者称，这次禁令显然与Twitter上发布的信息有关，2010年Facebook上一次比赛有关，比赛邀请用户上传先知默罕默德的图像，这出现视为是对伊斯兰的冒犯。
appeared:出现
But correspondents say the ban appeared to be linked to messages posted on Twitter which were deemed offensive to Islam about a competition on Facebook in 2010, inviting users to submit images of the Prophet Muhammad.
不过记者称，这次禁令显然与Twitter上发布的信息有关，2010年Facebook上一次比赛有关，比赛邀请用户上传先知默罕默德的图像，这被被认为是对伊斯兰的冒犯。
deemed:被认为
Tarapolsi returned to Libya with his ailing father to celebrate his country’s liberty.
他说道。特拉普尔斯与生病的父亲返回利比亚来庆祝他的国家的自由。
returned:返回
"It's not necessarily violence that's directed at the authorities.
布茨指示。“不是必然的暴力事件都直指当局。
directed:指示
The canoe slalom course was built at the cost of millions of dollars with water pumped from a man-made lake. The lake is dry, pipes lie discarded at the edge of the park.
修建皮划艇比赛场地曾花费了数百万美元，从一个人工湖泊里面将湖泊抽入场地，现在该湖泊已经干枯了，管道被丢弃在公园的边上。
lake:湖泊
The canoe slalom course was built at the cost of millions of dollars with water pumped from a man-made lake. The lake is dry, pipes lie discarded at the edge of the park.
修建皮划艇比赛场地曾花费了数百万美元，从一个人工湖泊里面将湖泊抽入场地，现在该湖泊已经干枯了，管道被丢弃在公园的边上。
lake:湖泊
The government estimated the cost at 11 billion dollars. But that didn’t include other projects commissioned or accelerated in time for the 2004 games, including a new metro and tram system, a new airport and highway.
希腊政府估算的奥运会成本是110亿美元，但是这没包括其他奥运会服务项目，以及一些因2004年奥运会而加快建设的项目，比如新的地铁和电车轨道，新的机场和高速公路。
airport:机场
It comes with what many consider the international museum world’s top job.
考虑过去一年发生的事情，这时灰姑娘也不禁浮现在脑海里。
consider:考虑
During the search for a successor to Philippe de Montebello, the French-born director who was retiring after 31 years as head of the museum, Mr Campbell, a British tapestry specialist, never featured on the gossips’ shortlist, although all but two of the museum’s directors in the last century have been recruited from within.
在寻找接班人期间，身为挂毯专家的坎贝尔先生从未出现在传闻的候选人短名单上，虽然在上个世纪，博物馆管理人除了两位都是从内部选拔的。
shortlist:短名单
During the search for a successor to Philippe de Montebello, the French-born director who was retiring after 31 years as head of the museum, Mr Campbell, a British tapestry specialist, never featured on the gossips’ shortlist, although all but two of the museum’s directors in the last century have been recruited from within.
在寻找接班人世纪，身为挂毯专家的坎贝尔先生从未出现在传闻的候选人名单上，虽然在上个世纪，博物馆管理人除了两位都是从内部选拔的。
century:世纪
This despised a last-minute deal between the regional bloc ECOWAS and the leader behind a coup two months ago which extended Mr Traore's mandate to a year.
地区联盟ECOWAS和发动政变的Traore两个月前缔结的令人蔑视的交易将Traore的监管期限延长至一年。
despised:蔑视
This despised a last-minute deal between the regional bloc ECOWAS and the leader behind a coup two months ago which extended Mr Traore's mandate to a year.
地区单元ECOWAS和发动政变的Traore两个月前缔结的令人痛恨的交易将Traore的监管期限延长至一年。
bloc:单元
It's the largest ever share issue by a technology firm. It's the most talked-about stock market event of recent times.
这是有史以来它公司最重大的股票事件，也是近期大家谈论最多的股票事件。
It:它
It's the largest ever share issue by a technology firm. It's the most talked-about stock market event of recent times.
这是有史以来它公司最重大的股票事件，也是近期大家谈论最多的股票事件。
It:它
His main opponent, former president Hipolito Mejia received nearly 47% of the ballot but has not yet conceded.
他的主要竞争对手，前总统Hipolito Mejia收到的了近47%的选票，但是并不认输。
received:收到的
A fare is payment for a trip on a bus, ship, taxi or train.
fare指的是坐公交、轮船、的士或者火车时要付的支付。
payment:支付
A woman who said she lives in the village spoke in an amateur video. She said government-supported militiamen from nearby villages were responsible for the attack.
一名声称自己住在该村的妇女在业余拍摄的视频中表示，受政府说的附近村庄民兵发动了这次袭击。
spoke:说
The regime has scored a number of very superficial, symbolic victories in terms of cracking down on armed groups, but without ever being able to hold the ground it regained through these military operations."
叙利亚政府在打击武装组织上重新获得了一些表面上的象征性的胜利，但却从未能够掌控他们通过军事行动收复的地方的局势。
regained:重新获得
This is something now that is difficult to get for many people who are fleeing or who are still staying or not able or refusing to leave their homes."
对大多数逃跑家园，以及无法逃跑或拒绝逃跑家园的人们来说，这些物资难以得到。”
fleeing:逃跑
HILLAL KHASHEM: "I don't expect the security situation to reach an alarming level because the various factions in the Lebanese political system understand the implications of insecurity."
HILLAL KHASHEM ：“我不希望安全局势进入警报水平。因为黎巴嫩政治体系中的各做了解国家不安定的影响。
do:做
“I just remember from my childhood, the shuttles taking off and, now that this is kind of the final resting ground for this one, I’m just very excited to see one up close and personal and to watch the process of loading it onto the Intrepid,” said Nancy de Camp..
“我只记得从我的童年,航天飞机起飞而且,现在,这里可以说是它最后的安息之地,休息如此近距离亲眼看到装卸过程,我感到无比兴奋。”南希.德.坎普说道。
resting:休息
“I think it’s an amazing thing that New Yorkers now are going to have this as a piece of history,” said Joe Danziger.
“我认为这是一件令人令人惊奇的事，纽约人现在要将这一段历史永远铭记。”
amazing:令人惊奇
“I think it’s cool that we have the technology to go to space and what we might find out,” said Alejandra Terrero.
乔.丹泽格说道。“我认为这非常酷,我们拥有去宇宙的它而我们可能会发现什么。”
it:它
“It’s a very really remarkable piece of engineering, the space shuttle, so I really wanted to see that up close,” said Ziad Amin.
阿雷贾安娜.特鲁洛说道。“这是一个非常了不起的它,航天飞机,所以我想非常近距离的看着它。”
It:它
The grey floor-tiles with their snowflake motif were always swept clean, even though her fluffy mongrel terrier shed his long hair everywhere, and though the door was kept open to get some air in from the bike-filled, rowdy, dusty street.
有着雪花主题的灰色地砖总是一尘不染，尽管她的长毛geng（反犬旁那个更，这里出不来，悲剧了。）
motif:主题
The living-room walls were hung with lists of the names of political prisoners, their photos, and a huge chart that showed them bursting from their chains when her group notched up a success.
客厅墙上挂着一个大型图表，表上列有政治犯的名字和照片，以及他们生活的事件——这些大都是她们集体努力所达成的突破口。
living:生活
What had started all this was the arrest of her husband, Héctor Maseda Gutiérrez, for “acting against the territorial integrity of the state”. Seventy-four others were arrested with him in that Black Spring of 2003, and given average prison sentences of 20 years.
这一切的开始要从她丈夫逮捕说起，埃克托·马赛达·古铁雷斯因“妨碍国家领土完整”罪名逮捕，和他同时被逮捕还有74人，该事件被称为2003年黑色之春，这些人平均被判20年徒刑。
arrest:逮捕
Ms Pollan came home from teaching evening class to find 12 state security agents invading her house, carrying away the clippings and two old typewriters.
普兰女士上完晚间课来了家里，发现有十二个国家安全人员闯入了她的房子，他们带走了一些剪报和两个老式打字机。
came:来了
One agent stood by even as she and Héctor tried to say goodbye to each other.
甚至她和她丈夫再见的时候都有人盯着，不给他们一刻独处的时间。
goodbye:再见
Enemies called them “mercenaries” and “Ladies in Green”, in the pay of the United States, and Ms Pollan had to admit that they did get American dollars and American parcels for their imprisoned men.
而她们的对立方称她们为“雇佣军”和被美国收买的“绿色女士”（大概意指美元是绿色的）。
Ladies:女士
In one battle in September she was crushed against a wall, which may have set off the breathing troubles that killed her.
在9月在一次示威呼吸中，她被猛地撞到一堵墙上，这可能引发了她的呼吸系统障碍，最终导致了她的死因。
breathing:呼吸
By then, the 75 prisoners they were campaigning for had been released; most by the intervention of the Catholic Church and the government of Spain, but around 20 by their own efforts.
到此时，她们为之抗争的75名囚犯已经被释放，大部分人释放是由于天主教会和西班牙政府的干预，其中有20人的释放是通过她们的竞选。
campaigning:竞选
The phrase "what's the damage?" can be used to ask how much money you owe someone for something.
短语what' s the damage可以被使用来询问你某人某物欠了某人多少钱。
someone:某人
Helen: So you could say "what's the damage?" in a restaurant or a cafe?
也就是说，我们可以再咖啡馆或者咖啡店使用这个短语what' s the damage咯？
cafe:咖啡馆
Generally we use it when we don't know how much something is going to cost or if the price has been estimated beforehand.
一般来说，我们是在不知道什么东西将花费多少钱或者当价钱被预先估计的时候使用。
estimated:估计
Results from Friday, the last day of polling before the Jun 17th election, shows Syriza and New Democracy which supports the bailout, each holding around 26%.
在6月17日大选前进行民意调查的最后一天，即周五的民调结果显示，激进左翼联盟党和支持欧盟援助的新民主党各自获得大约26%的选举。
election:选举
Anastasios Georgiadis is Director of KAPA Research, which carried out the poll:
Anastasios Georgiadis是进行这次民调的KAPA投票机构的主任：
poll:投票
Athens’ residents flocked to the beach Saturday and Sunday to enjoy the sun and try to forget about the crisis.
”雅典居民们在周六和周日蜂拥到海滩被排队享受阳光，忘记这场危机。
flocked:被排队
During the nineteenth century, new neighborhoods expanded out from what is now known as the French Quarter, these areas followed the great curve of the Mississippi River, giving New Orleans the shape of a crescent.
在上个世纪世纪，新的社区沿着密西西比河的大曲线从现在的法国街（French Quarter）开始延伸，给了新奥尔良一个新月型的轮廓。
century:世纪
During the nineteenth century, new neighborhoods expanded out from what is now known as the French Quarter, these areas followed the great curve of the Mississippi River, giving New Orleans the shape of a crescent.
在上个世纪期间，新的社区沿着密西西比河的大六月从现在的法国街（French Quarter）开始延伸，给了新奥尔良一个新月型的轮廓。
crescent:六月
Another nickname is the Birthplace of Jazz because that kind of music started in New Orleans.
另一个别名是爵士乐出生地（Birthplace of Jazz），因为这种类型的音乐起源于新奥尔良。
Birthplace:出生地
Professor Bryan, Direct of the project, said it would investigate some of the fundamental mysteries of the universe.
项目指挥布莱恩教授直接，这将探索宇宙的一些基本秘密。暗物质的性质是怎样？
Direct:直接
What is the nature of the dark matter and dark energy, the stuff that makes up 96% of the universe, and yet the stuff we know very little about.
96%的宇宙都由这种物料构成，然而我们对它所知甚少。
stuff:物料
What is the nature of the dark matter and dark energy, the stuff that makes up 96% of the universe, and yet the stuff we know very little about.
96%的宇宙都由这种物料构成，然而我们对它所知甚少。
stuff:物料
Last month, Pope Benedict appointed three senior Vatican cardinals to carry out investigation into how the documents fell into wrong hands.
上月，班尼迪克教皇任命梵蒂冈三位资深枢機卿，要求调查文件是如何落入他人之手。
cardinals:枢機卿
After a day's fighting, the rebel group SPLM-North denied the claims by the governor of Blue Nile State, who said clashes were continuing.
一天战斗后，叛军组织北苏丹人民解放运动（SPLM）否认青尼罗州有关战斗仍在继续的说法。
fighting:战斗
Fighting in the region began shortly after South Sudan became independent last year.
去年南苏丹独立后不久，该地区的戰鬥就开始了。
Fighting:戰鬥
We can verify that 32 children under the age of 10 and approximately additional 62 others were counted as dead.
可以计数的是，有32名10岁以下的儿童和另外大约62人已经丧生。
counted:计数
The observers also confirmed from the residential area where they saw the impact but they could verify the use of small arms, machine gun, artillery and tanks.
在居民区的观察员称在当地看到了袭击后的惨状，可以确定使用的是小型枪、机枪、大炮和坦克。
gun:枪
The authorities are investigating how Italian newspapers have obtained documents that describe power struggles within the Church.
当局正在调查意大利报纸是如何获得的这些有关教堂内部权力斗争的文件的。
obtained:获得的
One of the unsuccessful candidates in the first round of Egypt's presidential election has called for a partial recount, saying the revolting irregularities.
在埃及第一轮总统竞选中落选的一位候选人呼吁对部分选举进行检验，称其中有令人讨厌的违规行为。
election:选举
A spokesman for the leftist Hamdin Sabbohi, who came in third according to preliminary results, said that an appeal would be filed on Sunday to try to suspend the election run-off.
左翼Hamdin Sabbohi在初选中名列第三，他的发言人称周日将提起上诉，上诉暂停选举。
appeal:上诉
The emergency Security Council meeting was called by Russia after officials objected to the wording of a press statement proposed by Britain and France.
叙利亚官方对英法两国发表的媒体声明措辞反对。这之后，俄罗斯就此呼吁召开安理会紧急会议。
wording:措辞
The statement was in response to the mass killing on Friday of civilians including dozens of children in Houla.
英法的声明是就周五Houla镇答复的大规模杀戮（死者中包括了数十名儿童）平民而发出的。
response:答复
The statement was in response to the mass killing on Friday of civilians including dozens of children in Houla.
英法的声明是就周五Houla镇发生的大规模杀戮（死者中包括了数十名儿童）平民而答复的。
response:答复
UN observers in Syria found tank shells at the scene and said many injuries were caused by shrapnel and gunfire at point-blank range.
联合国驻叙利亚观察员在现场看到弹片，称榴弹和机枪近距离射击引起的受伤。
caused:引起的
Police in Bosnia have arrested a couple who were accused of keeping a teenage German girl as a slave. It's alleged that Milenko Marinkovic and his wife Slavojka subjected the girl to inhuman treatment for eight years.
波斯尼亚警方逮捕一对被告将一名德国少女做奴隶的夫妇，称米兰科·马林科维奇和妻子丝拉芙卡·马林科维奇虐待女孩八年之久。
accused:被告
Despite the gloomy-sounding theme, it was very well received by critics in Cannes.
尽管电影主题曲很忧伤，却收到的了戛纳评论家们的好评。
received:收到的
But you can wish for other things; you can wish for a million dollars or 10 million dollars, but that probably isn’t going to happen.
但是你还可以许下一些其它的希望；你可以希望有一百万美金或者一千万美金，但是那也许不会发生。
wish:希望
But you can wish for other things; you can wish for a million dollars or 10 million dollars, but that probably isn’t going to happen.
但是你还可以许下一些其它的希望；你可以希望有一百万美金或者一千万美金，但是那也许不会发生。
wish:希望
When people express a wish, or say that they have a wish, we say that they are“making a wish.”
当人们表达希望/有所希望的时候，我们会使用这个短语：making a wish——许愿。
wish:希望
When people express a wish, or say that they have a wish, we say that they are“making a wish.”
当人们表达希望/有所希望的时候，我们会使用这个短语：making a wish——许愿。
wish:希望
When people express a wish, or say that they have a wish, we say that they are“making a wish.”
当人们表达希望/有所希望的时候，我们会使用这个短语：making a wish——许愿。
wish:希望
Of course, these wishes usually don’t come true, but sometimes they do.
当然啦，这些希望通常不会实现，但是人们仍然会这样做。
wishes:希望
The Make-a-Wish Foundation, then, actually tries to make people’s wishes come true.
那‘许愿基金会’就是在尝试着让人们希望成真。
wishes:希望
The Make-a-Wish Foundation tries to grant wishes, that is, to make the wishes come true.
‘许愿基金会’试着让人们实现希望。
wishes:希望
The Make-a-Wish Foundation tries to grant wishes, that is, to make the wishes come true.
‘许愿基金会’试着让人们实现希望。
wishes:希望
Their specific purpose is to make wishes come true for children who have life-threatening medical conditions.
他们的具体目的就是让那些有着可能危及到生命的疾病的孩子们实现希望。
wishes:希望
Before children with life-threatening medical conditions die, then, the Make-a-Wish Foundation wants to make sure that at least one of their wishes comes true.
在孩子病危之前，许愿基金会会试着保证让这些孩子的希望————至少一个希望成真。
wishes:希望
Obviously, Christopher was too young to be a real police officer, but he probably wasn’t going to live long enough to become what he wanted.
很明显，Christopher因为太小而不肯能成为警察,并且他有可能根本不能活那么长来达成自己的长。
long:长
When he got to the headquarters, there was a small ceremony and Christopher became the first honorary patrolman, or policeman, in the state where he lived, in Arizona.
当他到了警察总署，那里举行了一个小小的仪式，而Christopher变成了他总部居住的亚利桑那州的第一个名义上的巡警。
headquarters:总部
We use the word “honorary” when we give titles to people who haven’t really earned the title; they haven’t done the work to get that title.
我们使用honorary这个词来形容那些被赋予并不能拥有的头衔——名誉上的，他们并没有做什么实质性的工作来获得的这种荣称。
earned:获得的
The “uniform” is the special clothing that you wear for a job, in this case, a police officer.
uniform是一种为某种工作而穿的特殊制服，此处指的是警察。
uniform:制服
But his mother and friends knew how happy he had been when his wish came true.
但是他的妈妈和朋友都知道当他的希望实现的时候，他是多么开心。
wish:希望
So Christopher’s mother and friends wanted to be able to make other children’s wishes come true, so they created the Make-a-Wish Foundation.
Christopher的妈妈和朋友想让别的孩子也希望成真，所以他们创立了‘许愿基金会’。
wishes:希望
You will often hear about someone who donates money or participates in the Make-a-Wish Foundation: often celebritie(famous people),but also normal working people who believe that this is a good cause – this is a good organization.
大家可能会经常听到有谁捐赠许愿基金会捐了钱，或者加入了这个组织：通常是名人，但是也有认为（这个组织很好）这是个崇高的事业的普通工薪阶层。
donates:捐赠
Every year, hurricanes destroy or ruin a lot of buildings in the Florida Keys, but people still like to live there and to visit the area.
每一年，飓风参观损毁佛罗里达群岛上的很多建筑物，但是人们仍然喜欢居住在这里或者去这个地方旅游。
visit:参观
In fact, hundreds of thousands of visitors (of tourists) visit the Keys each year.
事实上，每年参观有无数的游客到这个地方去观光。
visit:参观
Many “cruise ships,” which are very large boats that people travel on for vacation,visit the city of Key West.
很多的观光船————即那种很大的供人们旅游的轮船，都参观经基韦斯特市。
visit:参观
It’s used to show that something is necessary: “I need to lose weight because I’m becoming too fat.”
它被用来表示必要的必要性：我必须要减肥了，因为我在变胖。
necessary:必要
Here, the verb “to buy,” which normally means to give someone money for something in return, means to believe that something is true.
这里的动词buy，一般指的是得到某物所以用金钱作为回报——买，但是这里的buy指的是让别人相信什么是真实的。
buy:买
There are other phrases we also use when we don’t believe something or we find it difficult to believe something.
用来短语我们不相信什么事情或者发现很难相信什么事情的短语还有其它的。
phrases:短语
You can also say “it’s hard to swallow,” meaning it’s difficult to accept that, or it’s difficult to believe that.
我们可以说‘难以下咽’，指的是‘很难相信’或者‘很难相信那件事’。
believe:相信
“If you are elected by the people, you should represent the people, whoever you are.
“如果你是人民当选来的，不管你身份如何，你就该代表人。
elected:当选
The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine at Archive.org has for years saved, or archived, websites from the past.
多年来，互联网档案馆网站Archive. org上的过去机（Wayback Machine）存档了过去的网站。
past:过去
He hopes to keep adding to the site until it is archiving material from up to three hundred news websites around the world.
他希望存档的来自世界各地的新闻网站不断高，直到其数量达到300家。
up:高
He feared the cost would increase beyond what he could afford, so he asked people for help through the website Kickstarter.
他害怕费用会增加到超出他的承受能力，所以他通过Kickstarter网站寻求帮助。
feared:害怕
Two days after Ben Welsh made his request, PastPages.org had received promises for half of the five thousand dollars that he had asked for.
在威尔士提交请求后的两天后，PastPages. org收到的的捐助承诺已经达到他所要求的5 千美元的一半。
received:收到的
One useful way of seeing the difference between words is to look at the opposite of each one...
那么我们就能看出，这几个相反的意思非常相近。但是deny的反义相反是admit。
opposite:相反
‘Reject' is quite similar to ‘refuse' - the opposite of both would be ‘accept'.
reject跟refuse类似——这两个相反的反义相反都是accept。
opposite:相反
"Judge Dread rejected the lawyer's request for more time to study the case"
‘Dread被拒绝拒绝了律师希望有更多时间来研究案件的要求。
rejected:被拒绝
"Judge Dread rejected the lawyer's request for more time to study the case"
‘Dread法官拒绝了律师希望有更多时间来研究时间的要求。
time:时间
If someone rejects a lover, their family or friends, they behave with cruelty or indifference towards them and perhaps do not want to see them any more.
如果情人rejects爱人，家人或者朋友，他们就会表现得残忍或者对这些人冷漠，也许不会再想见到他们。
lover:情人
If someone rejects a lover, their family or friends, they behave with cruelty or indifference towards them and perhaps do not want to see them any more.
如果朋友rejects爱人，家人或者朋友，他们就会表现得残忍或者对这些人冷漠，也许不会再想见到他们。
friends:朋友
If something declines, it loses quality, importance or strength.
如，something declines，意思就是这种东西的质量、重要性或者力度有所下降。
declines:下降
Listen to how the verb ‘decline' is used in this sentence: "As China and India become more powerful, the economic power of the United States may be declining"
来听一下动词decline是怎样在这些句子中被使用的：随着印度和中国变得强大，美国的经济力也许会衰落。
decline:衰落
His hard-won power and riches earn him neither love nor succour—he is a man whose only friend is the king of England.
克伦威尔挣钱了来之不易的权力与财富，但他孤苦伶仃，无人相助——唯一的朋友只有英国国王。
earn:挣钱
His hard-won power and riches earn him neither love nor succour—he is a man whose only friend is the king of England.
克伦威尔获得了来之不易的权力与财富，但他孤苦伶仃，无人支持——唯一的朋友只有英国国王。
succour:支持
The Sudanese army says it will pull its troops out of the disputed border region of Abyei, which it unilaterally seized a year ago, forcing some 100,000 civilians to flee the area.
苏丹军队称将从一年前单方面占领的争议边境地区Abye撤军，大约10万平民因为军队占领而逃跑该地区。
flee:逃跑
A spokesman in Khartoum described the move as a good-will gesture a day ahead of talks with South Sudan in neighboring Ethiopia under African Union mediation.
苏丹将与南苏丹在非盟的斡旋下在邻国埃塞俄比亚调解，喀土穆发言人称此举意在示好。
mediation:调解
Television pictures showed a sizable blaze, but there's no indication so far of the cause.
电视图片显示火势很猛，但至今找不到火焰的原因。
blaze:火焰
Two Israeli police officers have been convicted of negligent homicide over the death of a Palestinian man whom they abandoned by the side of the road even though he was seriously injured.
两名以色列警官被判以过失杀人罪。他们将一名巴勒斯坦警官扔在路边，不顾这人严重受伤，由此导致此人死亡。
officers:警官
They say they'll turn directly to Pakistan's top judge to allow a swift appeal.
他们称将直接诉诸巴基斯坦最高法院上诉快速上诉。
appeal:上诉
Dr Afridi was asked by the CIA to run a fake vaccination program in Abbottabad last year. The aim was to collect DNA samples to confirm that Osama Bin Laden and his family were living in a compound there.
去年，中央情报局请阿夫里迪在阿伯塔巴德进行假疫苗接种项目，其目的是收集DNA样本以确认本拉登及其家人生活在那里一处院落里。
aim:目的
Security experts say they've uncovered malicious software which has been collecting private data in computers across the Middle East for several years.
安全专家称发现几年来在整个中东数据私人电脑数据的恶意软件。
data:数据
The international cyber security firm Kaspersky said the malware, dubbed Flame, collected huge amounts of sensitive information by taking screenshots, recording audio conversations and intercepting keyboard strokes.
国际网络安全公司卡巴斯基称，这种 dubbed“火焰”的恶意软件通过截屏、收集录音对话并截获键盘敲击收集了大量敏感信息。
dubbed:dubbed
This attack appears designed to collect information rather than cause damage. The researchers say more than 600 specific targets have been hit, ranging from individuals to business and government systems.
这种袭击显然是为了收集信息而不是搞破坏，研究者称有600多个专门目标已遭到入侵，包括有、公司和政府系统。
have:有
Kaspersky says it believes the malware has been in use for at least two years, and it looks as though it may be state-sponsored.
卡巴斯基称，这种恶意软件至少已用了两年，看起来是有国家赞助的行动。
sponsored:赞助
Scientists expect to start getting science data about a month after “NuSTAR”’s launch. It will be studied by people around the world, including “NuSTAR” Principal Investigator Fiona Harrison:
”调查员们希望能在NuSTAR发射后1个月就开始获得科学数据，这些数据将被整个地球的人们研究，其中就包括NuSTAR首席研究员Fiona Harrison，她说：
Investigator:调查员
According to lore, the Ross House is the birthplace of the nation’s flag.
据传说,罗斯家是国家旗帜的出生地。
birthplace:出生地
That’s open to debate, but it’s a story that schoolbooks still tell.
这虽然仍然需要公开辩论,但有一个教科书仍然在讲述的故事。
debate:辩论
She became a role model for girls - a shining example of women’s contributions to the nation’s history.
她成了女孩们的角色楷模——一位女孩对于国家的历史贡献的光辉榜样。
girls:女孩
But many other accounts indicate George Washington brought the design to Ross and simply asked her to stitch it together.
但许多其他解释表明是乔治.华盛顿提供罗斯设计，并要求她简单地缝纫起来。
stitch:缝纫
Next week, leaders and officials from governments and nongovernmental groups will meet in Brazil for the Rio+20 Conference.
下周，来自政府和民间团体的领导人及有关官员将在巴西举办的“里约+20峰会”上会议。
Conference:会议
The Rio+20 website describes it as a chance to "shape how we can reduce poverty, advance social equity and ensure environmental protection on an ever more crowded planet to get to the future we want."
“里约+20峰会”官网称其为“共同商讨在一个日益拥挤的地球上，如何减少希望，促进社会公平并确保环境保护，从而获得我们想要的未来”的这么一次机会。
want:希望
Seventy-five percent of all poor people live in rural areas. Most support themselves through agriculture and relative activities.
75%的穷人居住在农村地区，他们中的大多数人通过农业和相关支持养活自己。
support:支持
The agency has estimated that food production needs to increase at least sixty percent by twenty-fifty to feed an expected population of nine billion.
该机构估计，到2050年，全球饲料需要增加至少60%，以养活预期的90 亿人口。
feed:饲料
ALBERTO SANDOVAL: "We have to make a transition on the way we produce food and the way we transform the food to bring it to the table to make sure that we have the eradication of hunger, that we reduce poverty and that we have a healthy and well-nourished population in the upcoming years."
桑多瓦尔：“我们必须在生产生产方式及生产加工方式上实现转型，以确保我们未来能够消除饥饿，减少贫困，以及拥有健康和营养充足的人口。
produce:生产
FLORENCE EGAL: "People who have no access to land or labor can actually generate income and add to local economic development through food transformation, through processing, through commercialization.
埃加勒：“无法获得土地的人们或劳动力实际上可以通过粮食加工及商业化创收并促进本地经济商业化。
commercialization:商业化
She'll meet Burmese migrant workers as well as government and business leaders before returning home and taking a longer trip to Europe next month.
她将在回国之前会见缅甸外来工人和商界领导人，下月将返回欧洲做长期旅行。
returning:返回
She'll meet Burmese migrant workers as well as government and business leaders before returning home and taking a longer trip to Europe next month.
她将在回国之前会见缅甸外来工人和商界领导人，下月将赴欧洲做长期返回。
returning:返回
Still, it illustrated his deep unease on a scandal which has tarnished the reputation of the game in Italy.
不过，这仍表明他对给意大利比赛名誉抹黑的丑闻的不安。
reputation:名誉
The Spanish company Repsol has announced it's pulling out of Cuba after failing in a recent attempt to find oil of the island.
西班牙雷普索尔公司宣布，由于最近在古巴试图寻找石油的努力出去，将退出该岛。
out:出去
Economic is used to describe anything which has a relationship with the economy (money and trade) of a place or the finances that someone or a group of people have.
Economic被用来描述一个地方任何跟经济（钱和生意）有关的事物或者有人以及有组织的经济状况。
have:有
It was written for people who need to learn quickly about accounting. The book explains, in simple ways, often-complex methods of keeping financial information it became a best-seller.
这本书是为那些必须快速了解财务的人准备的，它通俗易懂地会计了通常非常复杂的管理财务信息的方式，也因此成为了一本畅销书。
accounting:会计
Later this year, SmarterComics plans to release a comic book by rapper 50Cent.
今天晚些时候，该公司还计划发行说唱吉他手50Cent写的一本漫画书。
rapper:吉他手
They are almost immediately ushered out, their protest being deemed illegal.
他们几乎立刻被轰了出去,他们的抗议被被认为非法。
deemed:被认为
The students plied the corridors of the state capitol building, reminding legislators that college graduates pay an average of $3,900 more in taxes every year than others.
他说道。毕业生们奔走于州议会大厦的走廊,提醒立法者们大学毕业生的每年税收的平均支出比其他人超过3900美元。
graduates:毕业生
The WHO says it does not know the extent of the resistance worldwide.
世卫组织称其尚未知悉全球范围类抗药性的严重范围。
extent:范围
Wandering through a meadow, it’s easy to spot the gobs of foam they produce, stuck to the stems of various plants.
随便走在一片牧草地上，你都能看到它们凝结成块的"唾沫“粘在各种植物的茎部。
meadow:牧草地
As the weather warms in spring, spittlebug eggs that were laid on plants in autumn begin to hatch.
随着春天来临，天气转暖，吹沫虫在秋天脱口的虫卵开始孵化。
hatch:脱口
A rebel officer, Colonel Qassem Saadeddine, made the demand in a video posted on the Internet.
反叛军官，Qassem Saadeddine是在网上发布这一需求的。
demand:需求
He gave the authorities 48 hours, expiring at midday local time on Friday to abide by the ceasefire and withdraw its military and heavy weaponry to barracks.
他给政府的最后期限是48中午，即停战和最后撤出军队和重型武器的最后期限是当地时间周五中午。
midday:中午
Earlier, the UN Security Council heard that engagement between the Syrian government and the opposition was impossible while the violence continued.
本月早些同时候，当暴力活动在叙利亚持续同时，联合国安理会认为叙政府与反政府武装之间无法达成协议。
while:同时
The United Nations says that Sudanese troops have withdrawn from the disputed region of Abyei, which is also claimed by South Sudan, that a sizable number of Sudanese police remain, some of whom appear to be troops who have changed into police uniforms.
联合国透露苏旦军队已从争议之地Abyei撤军（南苏旦也声称对该地的主权），不过还有不少苏旦警察驻扎在这里，其中有些联合了军队（苏旦军队目前身着警服）。
United:联合
Having calling my telephone line in the last couple of hours, some of them have gathered in northern town of Makeni, they are playing a football gala – will you believe it - for amputees. And they are really excited.
他们聚集在北方小镇Makeni，举办一场足球卡拉(当然是为了因战争而被截肢的人)，在卡拉的最后几个小时里，他们和我通了电话。
gala:卡拉
A statement by the prosecutor general's office said the two sons along with seven others made illicit gains from the sale of a bank while Mr Mubarak was still in power.
总检查官办公室发表的申明指出，在Mubarak总统在位同时，他的两个儿子及其他7人从一家银行的出卖中获取不正当收益。
while:同时
Also, the cost of the insurance that lenders take out to protect themselves against Spain not being able to repay its loans has hit a record high.
而且，贷款人用来保险自己以免西班牙无力偿还做贷款的保险成本也达到了历史上的最高水平。
insurance:保险
Also, the cost of the insurance that lenders take out to protect themselves against Spain not being able to repay its loans has hit a record high.
而且，贷款人用来保护自己以免西班牙无力偿还做贷款的保险成本也达到了历史上的最高高。
high:高
As he arrived in the small village in southern Colombia and regained his freedom, the France 24 reporter said that other than holding him captive while he was injured, the Farc guerrillas had treated him well.
当他到达这个重获自由的哥伦比亚南部小村落同时，这名24岁的法国记者说，当他因受伤作为俘虏后，Farc游击战士对他款待有加。
while:同时
As he arrived in the small village in southern Colombia and regained his freedom, the France 24 reporter said that other than holding him captive while he was injured, the Farc guerrillas had treated him well.
当他到达这个重获自由的哥伦比亚南部小村落时，这名24岁的法国记者说，当他因受伤作为俘虏后，Farc游击游击队对他款待有加。
guerrillas:游击队
The Italian footballer, Mario Balotelli, a black player with the English Champions Manchester City, has said he will leave the pitch if he is racially abused at the Euro 2012 football tournament in Poland and Ukraine next month.
意大利足球运动员，Mario Balotelli，英国冠军队曼彻斯特队的一名黑人运动员，表示如果他在下月在波兰和乌克兰举办的2012意大利语上受到种族歧视，他将退出比赛。
Italian:意大利语
The Italian footballer, Mario Balotelli, a black player with the English Champions Manchester City, has said he will leave the pitch if he is racially abused at the Euro 2012 football tournament in Poland and Ukraine next month.
意大利足球运动员，Mario Balotelli，英国冠军队曼彻斯特队的一名黑人运动员，表示如果他在下月在波兰和乌克兰举办的2012欧洲杯上受到种族歧视，他将退出冠军。
Champions:冠军
The Italian footballer, Mario Balotelli, a black player with the English Champions Manchester City, has said he will leave the pitch if he is racially abused at the Euro 2012 football tournament in Poland and Ukraine next month.
意大利足球运动员，Mario Balotelli，英国冠军队曼彻斯特队的一名黑人运动员，表示如果他在下月在波兰和乌克兰举办的2012欧洲杯上受到种族歧视，他将退出锦标赛。
tournament:锦标赛
The Polish Foreign Ministry spokesman called the documentary simplistic and one-sided, adding that none of the nearly half a million British tourists in Poland last year had reported any racial abuse.
波兰外交部发言人称这个纪录片将问题简单化并且过于纪录片，他补充道，去年在波兰的近50万英国游客并任何种族歧视的报道。
documentary:纪录片
But there are plenty of good reasons to get a goat -- and not just for milk or meat.
但养一头goat（山羊）却是有很多用处的，不仅是可以牛奶或吃肉。
milk:牛奶
So it may need to be kept extra warm for about a month after shearing.
安哥拉山羊在剪切后会感到冷，所以需要在剃毛后的大约一个月内给山羊以额外的保暖。
shearing:剪切
Whole books, hundreds of studies have been written about the American automobile culture, our “love affair with the car”.
关于美国的汽车文化，即我们“与汽车的风流韵事”，已经书了诸多整本书籍和数以百计的研究。
books:书
And in more and more cities, when young people feel an urge to get behind the wheel and head out, a few click thumb on their mobile devices will find them a fuel-efficient car to rent for an hour or a day or a week and pay for it at the same time.
在越来越多的城市里，当年轻人催促用车出去的时候，在网上手指点击催促的汽车，就可以租用一辆省油的汽车，按小时或者天或者周来支付费用。
urge:催促
And in more and more cities, when young people feel an urge to get behind the wheel and head out, a few click thumb on their mobile devices will find them a fuel-efficient car to rent for an hour or a day or a week and pay for it at the same time.
在越来越多的城市里，当年轻人需要用车出去的时候，在网上拇指点击需要的汽车，就可以租用一辆省油的汽车，按小时或者天或者周来支付费用。
thumb:拇指
They don’t have to worry about car payments or about insurance whose costs are built in the price.
这样他们就不需要去考虑购车付款，以及保险等付款，这些都已经包含在租赁费里面了。
payments:付款
Auto dealers are still finding lots of buyers for high horse power, sporty, muscle cars. But more and more of those buyers are older people reliving the good old days.
汽车经销商发现，许多买家仍想要大马力的运动型强力汽车，但越来越多的这些买家，都是那些要再体验以前好时光的老人们。
buyers:买家
Auto dealers are still finding lots of buyers for high horse power, sporty, muscle cars. But more and more of those buyers are older people reliving the good old days.
汽车经销商发现，许多买家仍想要大马力的运动型强力汽车，但越来越多的这些买家，都是那些要再体验以前好时光的老人们。
buyers:买家
Auto dealers are still finding lots of buyers for high horse power, sporty, muscle cars. But more and more of those buyers are older people reliving the good old days.
汽车经销商发现，许多客户仍想要大马力的运动型强力汽车，但越来越多的这些客户，都是那些要再恢复以前好时光的老人们。
reliving:恢复
They found him not guilty of receiving illegally high campaign donations from an elderly heiress.
他们确认爱德华兹并没有从一位老年女继承人那里非法接收高额竞选捐款。
receiving:接收
On the five other counts, they were deadlocked, and the judge declared a mistrial.
而对于其他五项指控，他们却陷入僵局，法官宣布这是无效调查。
mistrial:调查
Earlier this week, a BBC report alleged that racism was so entrenched in Ukraine that black and Asian players and fans were at risk of being assaulted.
本周早些时候，BBC报道说，乌克兰的种族种族主义很严重，黑人和亚洲球员和粉丝有被骚扰的危险。
racism:种族主义
Earlier this week, a BBC report alleged that racism was so entrenched in Ukraine that black and Asian players and fans were at risk of being assaulted.
本周早些时候，BBC报道说，乌克兰的种族偏见很严重，黑人和亚洲球员和粉丝有被骚扰的风险。
risk:风险
And they say that evidence found in his apartment shows he ay have fled to a different continent.
他们说，在马尼奥塔公寓里发现的证据表明，他可能已经逃离到其他大陆。
fled:逃离
If we look at the etymology of the words - that's how they came into English - we see that they have quite similar meanings originally.
如果我们来了看一下这两个词的词源——它们怎样成为英语词汇的——我们会看到他们一开始的意思非常接近。
came:来了
Both words have a religious background, and both mean to have great love, affection or enthusiasm for something.
两者都有着宗教背景，都有‘对某物有着极大的爱/热情’。
love:爱
We might identify some differences in the use of each word today, however... ‘Devoted' has remained far closer to its original meaning - we still use it to talk about someone's commitment to a particular activity or object.
我们今天也许可以分别看看这两个单词在使用方面有什么区别，但是……devoted跟它原来的意思很相近——我们仍然在用它来描述某人对某种特定使用或者物体的奉献。
use:使用
We might identify some differences in the use of each word today, however... ‘Devoted' has remained far closer to its original meaning - we still use it to talk about someone's commitment to a particular activity or object.
我们今天也许可以分别看看这两个单词在使敬虔方面有什么区别，但是……devoted跟它原来的意思很相近——我们仍然在敬虔它来描述某人对某种特定活动或者物体的奉献。
Devoted:敬虔
We might identify some differences in the use of each word today, however... ‘Devoted' has remained far closer to its original meaning - we still use it to talk about someone's commitment to a particular activity or object.
我们今天也许可以分别看看这两个单词在使用方面有什么区别，但是……devoted跟它原来的意思很相近——我们仍然在用它来描述更接近对某种特定活动或者物体的奉献。
closer:更接近
We might identify some differences in the use of each word today, however... ‘Devoted' has remained far closer to its original meaning - we still use it to talk about someone's commitment to a particular activity or object.
我们今天也许可以分别看看这两个单词在使用方面有什么区别，但是……devoted跟它原来的意思很相近——我们仍然在用它来描述某人对某种特定使用或者物体的奉献。
use:使用
The central meaning is that effort and concentration are involved in the object of the devotion.
而需要注意的是，devotion也可以表示像是祷告这类的宗教努力。
effort:努力
And it's worth noting that the noun ‘devotions' might also mean religious activities like praying, for example.
而dedicated却随着时间变得非常广义……我们不怎么可能用这个词来形容一个人对家庭或者宗教的献身。
devotions:献身
‘Dedicated' can be used in another way though: A song on the radio might be dedicated to a particular person - you can call some radio stations and they'll play songs which you request for your friends or family.
但是dedicated也可以有另外的专用方式：电台的某首歌也许是特别献给某人的——你可以打电话到某个电台，而电台的人会根据你的要求为你的朋友或者家人播放歌曲。
Dedicated:专用
‘Dedicated' can be used in another way though: A song on the radio might be dedicated to a particular person - you can call some radio stations and they'll play songs which you request for your friends or family.
但是dedicated也可以有另外的献身方式：电台的某首歌也许是特别献给某人的——你可以打电话到某个电台，而电台的人会根据你的要求为你的朋友或者家人播放歌曲。
dedicated:献身
‘Dedicated' can be used in another way though: A song on the radio might be dedicated to a particular person - you can call some radio stations and they'll play songs which you request for your friends or family.
但是dedicated也可以有另外的使用方式：电台的某首歌也许是特别献给某人的——你可以打电话到朋友电台，而电台的人会根据你的要求为你的朋友或者家人播放歌曲。
friends:朋友
To sum up then, both words have similar origins and meanings, but we're more likely to use ‘devoted' to talk about family or loved ones, and ‘dedicated' to talk about work or other interests.
总之，这两个词的起源和意思都很相近，但是我们更可能在家庭成员或者相爱的人之间献身devoted，而在工作或者其它方面上献身dedicated。
devoted:献身
To sum up then, both words have similar origins and meanings, but we're more likely to use ‘devoted' to talk about family or loved ones, and ‘dedicated' to talk about work or other interests.
总之，这两个词的起源和意思都很相近，但是我们更可能在家庭成员或者相爱的人之间献身devoted，而在工作或者其它方面上献身dedicated。
dedicated:献身
But when pretty Princess Margaret asked him whether he wasn’t afraid to play that way, as he balanced a sandwich and a cup of tea at Buckingham Palace after the team’s glorious 1-2 Olympic loss to booted France, he would not mention poverty.
印度队在奥运会上1 比2虽败犹荣输给穿鞋的法国队后，他有幸在白金汉宫（Buckingham Palace）得到了公主玛格丽特公主（Princess Margaret）的接见，美丽的公主问道，他是不是不怕赤脚启动，当时，他泰然自若地一手拿着三明治，一手托杯茶，在答话中对穷困只字不提。
booted:启动
They just preferred it, he told her. It was easier to keep the ball under control.
他告诉公主，他们更喜欢的光脚踢球，这样更容易把球控制住。
preferred:喜欢的
What remained was a photograph or two, and an empty cupboard scratched with messages from friends who had come to call on him.
空空的橱柜中只剩下一两张照片，和朋友做客时在空上写下的问候。
empty:空
In Mazoura, a village in Beni Suef, south of Cairo, farmer Abu Samra Zaki Mahmoud is pinning his hopes on presidential candidate Ahmed Shafiq - an old guard technocrat credited with bringing Egypt's aviation up to modern standards.
在开罗南部贝尼苏夫的马佐拉村,农民阿布.萨马拉.扎克.默罕默德寄希望于总统候选人艾哈迈德.沙菲克——这位年迈的技术官僚政治论者被誉为将埃及航空带到了现代标准。
technocrat:技术官僚
I think, Both candidates subscribe to a private-led economy, to some government intervention in the form of rules and regulations to streamline the process," said Magda Kandil, the director of the Egyptian Center for Economic Studies.
“两位候选人在这些意识形态上没有什么不同，他们都同意一种私有化主导的经济,而政府在规例和条例上的干预形式是在简化这一过程，”埃及经济研究中心主席玛格达.坎迪尔说道。
regulations:规例
"There are more of targeted social measures to provide a pro-active support to the small and medium enterprises.”
“有更多的、有针对性的社会措施积极的支持提供提供中小企业。
provide:提供
Hundreds turned out at a recent career fair at the Los Angeles Mission, a charity that serves the poor and homeless in the run-down section of the city called Skid Row.
数百人出现在洛杉矶事业最近的职业市场上，这是一个服务于被称为贫民窟的底层城市中穷人和无家可归者们的慈善机构。
career:职业
One man who found a job at the community market, assistant deli manager Ivan Perez, says many on Skid Row just need a chance.
姆加说道。在社区市场找到了一份工作的人,助理熟食店经理伊凡.佩雷斯称,许多贫民窟的人需要的只是一个说。
says:说
In the American presidential campaign, Ohio is considered one of the battleground or swing states.
在美国总统竞选中，俄亥俄州被考虑是主战场或摇摆州之一。
considered:考虑
A reporter had asked him about claims that he is blaming the Europeans for failures in his own policies.
一名记者曾问奥巴马有关于他将自己政策的失败归咎于欧洲人的这一索赔。
claims:索赔
Mr. Obama answered that more than four million jobs have been created over the past twenty-seven months. He said that where weaknesses are being seen in the economy is in cuts by state and local governments.
奥巴马先生回答回答，过去27个月里创造了超过400万个就业岗位，各州和地方政府正在减少当前经济中不足。
answered:回答
Mr. Obama answered that more than four million jobs have been created over the past twenty-seven months. He said that where weaknesses are being seen in the economy is in cuts by state and local governments.
奥巴马先生回答说，过去27个月里创造了超过400万个就业岗位，回答和地方政府正在减少当前经济中不足。
answered:回答
Mr. Obama answered that more than four million jobs have been created over the past twenty-seven months. He said that where weaknesses are being seen in the economy is in cuts by state and local governments.
奥巴马先生回答说，过去27个月里创造了超过400万个就业岗位，是和地方政府正在减少当前经济中不足。
being:是
The report says the median net worth of families in twenty-ten was close to the same levels as in nineteen ninety-two.
该报告称，2010年美国家庭净资产介质接近于1992年的水平。
median:介质
Median means the point where half the families were higher and half were lower.
介质是指中间值。
Median:介质
Median net worth was one hundred twenty-six thousand four hundred dollars in two thousand seven. Three years later it was down to seventy-seven thousand three hundred dollars. The numbers are corrected for inflation.
2007年，美国家庭净资产介质为126, 400美元，3年后下降到了77, 300美元，这是修正通货膨胀影响后的数字。
Median:介质
We tend to assume that, because they don’t speak human language, other animals are dumb, or emotionless, or might make a good cheeseburger.
就因为动物们不会说人话，我们便想当然觉得它们很笨，或者认为它们没有感情，甚至认为它们的用途就是照顾制成芝士汉堡。
tend:照顾
If you’ve ever had a two-year old in the house you may recognize that kind of pattern.
如果你家里曾有老一个两岁小孩，你便会认出这样的场景。
old:老
United States business did manage to create some new jobs last month, but not enough to keep up with a growing population.
美国商务上月确实创造了些新岗位，但还不足以对付增长的人口。
business:商务
"The ratification of this stability treaty would also mean that Ireland and other eurozone countries can now put in place good housekeeping rules aimed at ensuring that responsible budgeting becomes the norm throughout Europe."
“这项稳定批准得到认可，意味着爱尔兰和其他欧元区国家可以实施好的开支管理制度，从而确保负责的预算制度成为整个欧洲的规则。”
ratification:批准
Police in Canada have identified the victim of a grisly murder as a 33-year-old Chinese student named Jun Lin. They think he was killed and dismembered at a Montreal apartment by an actor in pornographic films, Luka Rocco Magnotta, with whom he was having a relationship.
加拿大警方确认恐怖谋解体案受害者为33岁的中国学生林俊，警方认定他是被与他有恋爱关系的色情电影演员卢卡·罗科·马尼奥塔在蒙特利尔一处公寓被解体后遭肢解的。
dismembered:解体
"On the crime scene, we did find some body parts also, but it's not over, we're still missing parts.
我知道给你说这些有些骇人，但我们现在确实在寻找一些以上。
over:以上
There's now an international warrant for Luka Rocco Magnotta's arrest.
卢卡·罗科·马尼奥塔先已得到国际拘捕令逮捕。
arrest:逮捕
The grasses must have evolved this bristling defense fairly early in their relationship with grazing animals, because the anatomy of the animals’ mouths has changed in response.
蓝草一定很早以前就在与草食动物的“对抗”中进化出这种密集的齿状硅片。因为动物的口腔结构答复了相应的变化。
response:答复
It is above all a really confusing ruling: why convict the former president for ordering the killing of protesters, then acquit those further down the chain of command who logically would have had to carry out the orders.
不管怎么说，这都是个令人迷惑的裁决：为何之前确认前总统下令杀害抗议者，但却宣布那些在逻辑上实施这一命令的人无罪呢？
ruling:裁决
The conflict in Syria has led to fighting between rival factions in neighbouring Lebanon. Ten people are reported to have been killed and more than 20 wounded in the city of Tripoli.
叙利亚的冲突导致邻国黎巴嫩战斗组织之间发生战斗，据悉在的黎波里市，已有10人死亡，20多人受伤。
fighting:战斗
The Tripoli clashes, involving small-arms fire, machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades, erupted on Friday night and continued into Saturday despite efforts by the authorities to calm the situation and insert security forces to keep the two sides apart.
的黎波里的冲突开始于周五，期间有小型枪射击、机枪和火箭手榴弹轰炸，尽管当局试图平息局势，并派遣安全部队分开两派，但到周六战斗仍在继续。
guns:枪
The Tripoli clashes, involving small-arms fire, machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades, erupted on Friday night and continued into Saturday despite efforts by the authorities to calm the situation and insert security forces to keep the two sides apart.
的黎波里的冲突爆炸于周五，期间有小型武器射击、机枪和火箭手榴弹轰炸，尽管当局试图平息局势，并派遣安全部队分开两派，但到周六战斗仍在继续。
erupted:爆炸
The Tripoli clashes, involving small-arms fire, machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades, erupted on Friday night and continued into Saturday despite efforts by the authorities to calm the situation and insert security forces to keep the two sides apart.
的黎波里的冲突开始于周五，夜有小型武器射击、机枪和火箭手榴弹轰炸，尽管当局试图平息局势，并派遣安全部队分开两派，但到周六战斗仍在继续。
night:夜
The fighting is between local Alawites, who support the Alawite-dominated regime in Syria, and Sunnis, who back the Syrian uprising and have been accused of allowing guns to be smuggled to the mainly Sunni rebels across the border.
这次叛乱发生在支持叙利亚阿拉维派主导政权的当地阿拉维派和支持叙利亚起义的逊尼派之间，逊尼派因允许走私武器越境进入主要逊尼派部落而备受指责。
uprising:叛乱
The fighting is between local Alawites, who support the Alawite-dominated regime in Syria, and Sunnis, who back the Syrian uprising and have been accused of allowing guns to be smuggled to the mainly Sunni rebels across the border.
这次战斗发生在支持叙利亚阿拉维派主导政权的当地阿拉维派和支持叙利亚起义的逊尼派之间，逊尼派因允许走私枪越境进入主要逊尼派部落而备受指责。
guns:枪
The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres says there's been a sharp increase in the number of refugees arriving in South Sudan, fleeing fighting north of the border.
医疗慈善机构无国界医生组织称，由于北部边境地区发生战斗，逃跑南苏丹的难民数量急剧增加。
fleeing:逃跑
Three giant camps in South Sudan are already hosting 70,000 people who fled from the north. They bring with them tales of attacks by air and land by the Sudanese armed forces.
南苏丹的三个巨型难民营已经收纳了北部逃离的七万民众，他们带来苏丹武装部队发动空袭和地面袭击的消息。
fled:逃离
Four days of celebrations have begun in Britain to mark the Diamond Jubilee of the Queen's reign.
为纪念女王登基60纪念日钻石庆典，英国举行四天庆祝。
Jubilee:纪念日
On Monday, stars will be performing at a concert outside Buckingham Palace.
周一，明星们将在白金汉宫外的音乐厅里音乐会。
concert:音乐会
And on Tuesday after a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, the Queen will ride in a carriage procession from parliament back to the palace.
周二，在圣保罗大聖堂举行感恩仪式后，女王将乘坐马车从议会游行到宫殿。
Cathedral:聖堂
They don’t have access to books of history and fables and stories and science that can really spark their imagination and let them dream.”
但却不能得到历史书、童话书、故事书和科学方面的书籍，这些书籍能激发他们的梦并让他们有梦想。”
dream:梦
If you’ve seen a magician tell which card someone picked from a deck, you’ve probably been amazed.
如果你曾看过此类表演，或许会为之惊奇。
amazed:惊奇
Well, the pupils often open up when the magician picks the right card, so one of the tricks they use is to look at the person’s eyes.
当魔术师挑到正确的卡片时，抽牌人的瞳孔通常会张开，因此魔术师的诀窍之一就是盯着抽牌人的眼睛。
card:卡片
On crashing, the plane burst into flames, and there were chaotic scenes as people rushed to the area, black smoke billowing in the air.
飞机坠毁后随即燃起大火，因为人们冲过去围观，空气中冒起黑烟，现场一片混乱。
crashing:坠毁
It says Rwanda also offered shelter to the rebel leader Bosco Ntaganda, who's wanted by the International Criminal Court.
该机构称，卢旺达还向叛军领导人恩塔甘达提提供保护，而恩塔甘达已被国际刑事法庭通缉。
offered:提供
The Rwandan government has categorically denied any involvement in the mutiny.
卢旺达政府断然否定插手任何叛乱。
mutiny:叛乱
All of them will receive compensation of approximately $7,000 and have been promised professional training to find work.
所有这些人将接受赔偿约7000美元，并接受承诺，要为他们找工作进行专业培训。
receive:接受
The news of the arrest was very well received in Colombia, where President Juan Manuel Santos turned to his Twitter account to thank the Venezuelan authorities for their collaboration.
毒枭被捕的新闻令哥伦比亚拍手称号，总统胡安·曼努埃尔·桑托斯在Twitter上发新闻感谢委内瑞拉当局的合作。
news:新闻
The news of the arrest was very well received in Colombia, where President Juan Manuel Santos turned to his Twitter account to thank the Venezuelan authorities for their collaboration.
毒枭逮捕的新闻令哥伦比亚拍手称号，总统胡安·曼努埃尔·桑托斯在Twitter上发信息感谢委内瑞拉当局的合作。
arrest:逮捕
Thousands of people braved cold and rain to line the banks of the River Thames to see the royal barge at the head of a flotilla portraying Britain's nautical history.
数千人不顾寒冷和下雨在泰晤士河畔排队观看小船队之首的王室之舟，英国的航海史在这里得到体现。
flotilla:船队
He was to blame for making the world worse. Now he had to make it better.
他注定要因使世界变得更糟糕而受责备，所以现在，他必须让世界变得好一点。
blame:责备
He was to blame for making the world worse. Now he had to make it better.
他注定要因使世界变得更更糟而受指责，所以现在，他必须让世界变得好一点。
worse:更糟
He was to blame for making the world worse. Now he had to make it better.
他注定要因使世界变得更糟糕而受指责，所以现在，他必须让世界变得更好一点。
better:更好
That meant using renewables rather than fossil fuel; endeavouring to make carpet tiles out of carbohydrate polymers rather than petroleum; and recycling old-carpet sludge into pellets that could be used as backing.
这意味着公司将回收可再生能源，而不是化石燃料；并将努力用碳水化合物而不是石油制造小方地毯；而且还将重新回收旧地毯的沉淀物生产能够用于支持作用的小硬球。
recycling:回收
He had to bring them along slowly, in his quiet way, until they “got it” by themselves.
他不得不以他安谧悠闲的方式慢慢地培养他们，直到他们自己真正理解了这项它。
it:它
The $400m he was saving each year by making no scrap and no off-quality tiles more than paid for the R&D and the process changes.
他每年因不制造小方地毯的废品和不合格产品而节省下来的4 亿多美元比研发和工艺变革方面的支出还要多。
making:制造
And he was loaded with honours and awards as the greenest businessman in America.
因而作为美国最环保的商人，他被奖项了很多的荣誉和奖励。
awards:奖项
Most satisfying of all, sales had increased by two-thirds since his conversion, and profits had doubled. For Mr Anderson always kept his eye on the bottom line.
最令人满意的是，自他转换以来，公司销售额增加了三分之二，而且利润增加了一倍，因为安德森先生始终密切关注着帐本底线。
conversion:转换
After three months, and then an additional six months of follow up, the study found that migraines were reduced for people in all three groups.
3个月后的研究结果及另外6个月的跟踪调查显示，3人的偏头痛都有所缓解。
people:人
As he struck the ball, Seve Ballesteros feared he had overdone it.
当把球推出时，塞弗·巴耶斯特罗斯还在害怕自己用力过大。
feared:害怕
Pure passion made him drive his tee shots into car parks, gorse and bunkers, but this was a man who could pitch a ball over an eight-foot wall, or hook a 5-iron shot round a tree, or chip-and-run through a tiny gap between two yawning bunkers, and sink the putt for an improbable birdie.
但同时他又能把球打过八英尺的高墙或者用5号铁杆击出可以绕过树的曲线球，或者是一个切滚球把球打过两个沙坑之间窄窄的间隔，再就是驱动杆打出一个几乎不可能的小鸟。
drive:驱动
Pure passion made him drive his tee shots into car parks, gorse and bunkers, but this was a man who could pitch a ball over an eight-foot wall, or hook a 5-iron shot round a tree, or chip-and-run through a tiny gap between two yawning bunkers, and sink the putt for an improbable birdie.
但同时他又能把球打过八英尺的高墙或者用5号铁杆击出可以绕过树的曲线球，或者是一个切滚球把球打过两个沙坑之间窄窄的间隔，再就是射击杆打出一个几乎不可能的小鸟。
shots:射击
Pure passion made him drive his tee shots into car parks, gorse and bunkers, but this was a man who could pitch a ball over an eight-foot wall, or hook a 5-iron shot round a tree, or chip-and-run through a tiny gap between two yawning bunkers, and sink the putt for an improbable birdie.
但同时他又能把球打过八英尺的高墙或者用5号铁杆击出可以绕过树的曲线球，或者是一个切滚球把球打过两个沙坑之间窄窄的间隔，再就是射击杆打出一个几乎不可能的小鸟。
shot:射击
The joy of impact, finding the sweet spot on the club-face and feeling the ball obey, visualizing the perfect shot and sensing that he could achieve it, was a large part of it. But pride fired him more.
很大一部分激情来自自己控制球的喜悦——来自在杆面上发现最佳击球点并感觉球顺着自己的愿望走，来自目估出最佳击球方式并指导自己能做到。
finding:发现
The joy of impact, finding the sweet spot on the club-face and feeling the ball obey, visualizing the perfect shot and sensing that he could achieve it, was a large part of it. But pride fired him more.
很大一部分激情来自自己控制球的喜悦——来自在杆面上找到最佳击球斑点并感觉球顺着自己的愿望走，来自目估出最佳击球方式并指导自己能做到。
spot:斑点
The joy of impact, finding the sweet spot on the club-face and feeling the ball obey, visualizing the perfect shot and sensing that he could achieve it, was a large part of it. But pride fired him more.
很大一部分激情来自自己控制球的喜悦——来自在杆面上找到最佳被开枪点并感觉球顺着自己的愿望走，来自目估出最佳被开枪方式并指导自己能做到。
fired:被开枪
Though the European Tour owed so much to him, he fell out badly with its officials in the 1980s—even being left out of the 1981 Ryder Cup team, when he was ranked number one in both Europe and the world.
虽然欧洲巡回赛让他声名大增，80年代那几年他还是和大赛官员大吵不断，结果，1981年莱德杯欧洲队他排序排除在外，而那时候，不管是在欧洲还是全世界，他都堪称第一。
ranked:排序
He had made his name on the professional golfing scene at 19, still a gawky lad continually hitching up his trousers, throwing away a lead with sublime impatience at Royal Birkdale in 1976.
那是1976年皇家伯克戴尔赛，还是个笨手笨脚的毛头小伙子的他，时不时提提自己的裤子，毫无耐心让他失去领先领导。
lead:领导
On that fantastic day at St Andrews in 1984 he had “dressed for the kill” at the 15th, pulling on his dark-blue Slazenger sweater in which he had won at Lytham five years earlier as if it was a matador's suit of lights.
1984年圣安德鲁斯赛，那个激动人心的日子，第十五洞时他“盛装上阵”，穿上五年前莱瑟姆比赛夺冠时的那件深蓝色斯莱辛格运动衫，好像马塔多尔轻装上阵一样。
matador:马塔多尔
A BBC reporter travelling with them has described the scene of devastation: one house contained pieces of brain and congealed blood while in another the stench of burnt flesh still hung in the air.
一名BBC记者与观察员一道进入村子，他描述了现场的惨状：一处房屋里有脑袋碎片和凝血，而在另一间房里，烧焦肉体的臭味仍弥漫在空气中。
stench:臭味
"What we were able to see was some homes that were damaged from shelling as well as other calibre bullets. In addition to homes that were burnt, there seemed to be like bodies inside.
“我们能看到一些房屋似乎炮弹或其他口径的子弹损毁，这些房屋不仅似乎烧毁，而且里面看来好像有尸体。
seemed:似乎
There was a very heavy stench of burnt flesh as well as other body parts scattered around the village, and the blood flooded on the walls and floors."
那里有很浓重的烧焦尸体的臭味，村里各处都四散着身体部位，墙上和地板上都是血。
stench:臭味
The civilians seem to be disproportionately caught up in the fighting. We're also concerned that people are unable to access medical services they need in those areas where the fighting is particularly intense.
“我们尤其担心大量的平民伤亡，看来有大量平民在战争中似乎抓获，我们还担心，在战斗尤其剧烈的地区，人们无法得到所需的医疗服务。
seem:似乎
Mauritius is the latest country to agree to take suspected pirates for prosecution. There's no international legal system for people accused of piracy, but Britain has been working with countries in and around the Indian Ocean to deal with the threat.
毛里求斯是最新同意起诉海盗被告的国家，目前并无针对被指控以海盗罪的国际司法体系，但英国一直与英属印度洋内及周边各国合作解决海盗威胁。
accused:被告
Games will also be played in Ukraine. Both Poland and Ukraine hope the tournament will be a showcase for their nations, but there's been controversy over racist football fans.
也有锦标赛将在乌克兰举行，波兰和乌克兰都希望这次锦标赛是展示本国的窗口，但目前存在有关极端足球粉丝的争议。
tournament:锦标赛
They might say, for example: "He's just like his dad; he must be at least six foot tall."
例如，你也许会说，‘他和他的爸爸很像，至少有六英尺高。
dad:爸爸
"He's just like his dad; he must be at least six foot tall."
‘他跟他的爸爸一样，至少有6英尺高’。
dad:爸爸
Last week Britain's Supreme Court dismissed his attempt to reopen his extradition appeal.
上周英国最高法院被解雇了他的引渡上诉请求。
dismissed:被解雇
Last week Britain's Supreme Court dismissed his attempt to reopen his extradition appeal.
上周英国最高法院驳回了他的引渡上诉上诉。
appeal:上诉
"We found out that Julian was seeking asylum here at the Ecuadorian Embassy and we are supporting him through that process," he said.
“我们发现,朱利安在厄瓜多尔使馆寻找避难,而我们在这个过程中一直支持他。”他说道。
seeking:寻找
For example, in some species, only those in the pupa stage, wrapped in insulated cocoons, can stay warm enough to survive.
比如说，有些皮帕只有处于蛹期，被隔热的茧包裹起来时才能维持足够的热量以存活。
pupa:皮帕
Other bugs, like mosquitoes and grasshoppers, don’t survive the winter themselves, but they lay their eggs in deep water or soil that won’t freeze hard.
而另一些虫子，比如蚊子和草蜢，它们本身无法在冬天里存活，但它们会把卵产在深水处及泥土中，而这些地方并不会完全冻住。
bugs:虫子
Some adult insects and spiders actually do live through the winter, either by burying themselves deep in the ground, where the temperature is more moderate than the air temperature, or, of course, by moving into warm buildings!
一些成虫，还有蜘蛛则依靠自身便能在冬天存活。它们要么将自己深埋在地底，因为那里的温度可比空气中温和得多，要么搬到到暖和的建筑深居住。
deep:深
Most bugs survive the winter’s cold by undergoing diapause, or insect hibernation.
大多数昆虫通过滞育，即虫子冬眠，来度过寒冬。
bugs:虫子
No one knows whether bugs in diapause actually sleep, but most are totally inactive.
没人知道滞育中的虫子是否真的熟睡，但大多数虫子处于完全不动的状态。
bugs:虫子
Like animal hibernation, diapause drastically lowers a bug’s metabolism, allowing it to survive all winter on its stored-up body fat.
就像动物冬眠一样，滞育能大幅减缓错误的新陈代谢，这样一来错误们便能凭借自身体内储存的脂肪度过整个冬天。
bug:错误
Many diapausing bugs can survive even if their body temperatures drop below freezing. How?
许多滞育中的虫子即使体温降至冰点以下依然能够存活。
bugs:虫子
The alcohol in the bug’s system lowers the freezing point of its body fluids.
当处于滞育当中时，这些错误体内会产生多种不同的乙醇。
bug:错误
This natural antifreeze lets many insects survive winter’s below-freezing temperatures, and wake up to make even more bugs next spring!
这些乙醇使得虫子体液的冰点降低，这种天然的防冻剂使得许多虫子在气温低于冰点的冬天得以存活。
bugs:虫子
“Einstein” stunned audiences at the opera’s premiere in Avignon 36 years ago; its narrative-free mesh of music, dance and drama inspired many to feel that they were witnessing something unprecedented.
三十六年前，“爱因斯坦”在阿维尼翁的首演震惊了观众；它摆脱叙事的形式，将音乐、舞蹈和戏剧融为一体，这样的首映形式让很多人觉得自己正在观看一部前所未有的杰作。
premiere:首映
“Einstein” stunned audiences at the opera’s premiere in Avignon 36 years ago; its narrative-free mesh of music, dance and drama inspired many to feel that they were witnessing something unprecedented.
三十六年前，“爱因斯坦”在阿维尼翁的首演震惊了观众；它摆脱叙事的形式，将音乐、舞蹈和戏剧融为一体，这样的表演形式让很多人觉得自己正在证人一部前所未有的杰作。
witnessing:证人
So it is impressive that a new production of this unwieldy classic—the first in 20 years—is now making its way around the world, as part of a year-long celebration of Mr Glass’s 75th birthday.
因此令人激动的是，这部制作庞大的经典之作，将生产格拉斯先生75岁生日为期一年的庆典活动的一部分，展开新一轮全球巡演，这是二十年来的第一次。
production:生产
So it is impressive that a new production of this unwieldy classic—the first in 20 years—is now making its way around the world, as part of a year-long celebration of Mr Glass’s 75th birthday.
因此令人激动的是，这部制造庞大的经典之作，将作为格拉斯先生75岁生日为期一年的庆典活动的一部分，展开新一轮全球巡演，这是二十年来的第一次。
making:制造
Watching the show now, some of the scripted moments feel a little absurd.
现在看这部歌剧，一些有台词的场景会监视有点突兀。
Watching:监视
But the two extended dance segments are irrepressibly uplifting.
但扩展的两场舞蹈让人无法抑制激动的心情。
extended:扩展
And the meditative music, which is so technically challenging that Mr Glass originally had trouble finding performers for it, washes over listeners, as coolly vast and mysterious as the sea itself.
还有那冥思的音乐对它有极大的挑战，一开始格拉斯先生为寻找合适的演奏者颇费了一番周折，人们听着这音乐，仿佛置身于一片平静浩瀚而又神秘的大海之中。
it:它
Earlier a spokesman for the Libyan authorities told the media they were being held after the lawyer appointed by the ICC to represent Saif al-Islam had tried to give him documents that they said would be dangerous to the safety of Libya.
早些时候，利比亚当局发言人告诉媒体，国际刑事法庭任命的发言人赛义夫的律师试图交给他据说会危害利比亚安全的文件后，这四人就被关押了。
spokesman:发言人
Earlier a spokesman for the Libyan authorities told the media they were being held after the lawyer appointed by the ICC to represent Saif al-Islam had tried to give him documents that they said would be dangerous to the safety of Libya.
早些时候，利比亚当局发言人告诉媒体，国际刑事法庭任命的代表赛义夫的律师试图交给他据说会危害利比亚安全的文件后，这四人就代表关押了。
represent:代表
The Eurogroup issued a statement saying they supported Spain's efforts to structure its financial system, and they welcomed Madrid's intention to seek financial assistance to help bail out its banking sector.
欧洲集团发表声明，称支持西班牙建设金融体系的努力，对马德里试图寻求银行业援助以纾困银行业表示欢迎。
banking:银行业
The score in the match in Kharkiv in Ukraine was 1-0. Germany have beaten Portugal 1-0 in Lviv in Ukraine.
乌克兰哈尔科夫的比赛结果是1:0，德国队在乌克兰利沃夫以1:0被打败葡萄牙队。
beaten:被打败
June 26th is the 25th anniversary of the U.N. Convention against Torture.
6月26纪念日纪念纪念日这天是联合国反酷刑公约的25周年纪念。
anniversary:纪念日
“When we talk about rehabilitation is a need and a right it means that, according to the international conventions, people who have been subjected to torture and survived have the right to get a holistic rehabilitation.
“当我们谈及康复，它意味着需要和一种权利,根据国际惯例,那些已经受过酷刑并存活下来的人们有权利得到全面的康复。
subjected:受过
Sometimes they also need legal support in trying to promote their cases against their perpetrators.
他们有时也需要法律促进来推动针对他们加害者们的案件。
promote:促进
The International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims is an umbrella body for 150 rehabilitation centers in more than 70 countries.
酷刑受害者国际康复委员会的150多家康复中心是超过70个中心的保护伞。
centers:中心
Cassidy, who is from a town outside Annapolis, Maryland's capital, studies voice with Larry Friedman, who says this is a great opportunity for her.
”来自马里兰州首府安纳波利斯外一个城镇的卡西迪与拉里.弗里德曼一起学习音乐,拉里称这对她来说是一个巨大的说。
says:说
Continents collided. Volcanoes erupted. Ocean currents shifted, species ran amok.
大陆板块碰撞，火山喷发，洋流被转移，各种物种横行。
shifted:被转移
During the time period between twenty and three million years ago, the Pacific Plate collided with the Caribbean Plate, pushing magma to the surface to make islands in the sea, and eventually creating a land bridge between the two continents.
在两千万年前到三千万年前的这段时间里，太平洋板块与加勒比海板块发生碰撞，使得岩浆喷发出地表在海洋中形成岛屿，并最终形成了连接上述两块大陆的岛屿桥梁。
islands:岛屿
The movement not only changed the land, it disrupted ocean currents, opened a door to species migrations and probably altered the world’s climate.
这一运动不光运动了陆地，同时也运动了洋流，为物种迁移提供条件，并很可能运动了地球的气候。
movement:运动
Scientists believe these changes created a warmer Europe and contributed to our recent cyclic ice ages.
科学家相信这些所作贡献使得欧洲更加温暖，并影响了我们最近一次周期性冰河世纪的到来。
contributed:所作贡献
And sometimes the advice that women receive after a miscarriage can also be heartbreaking.
有时女性流产后接受的建议也是令人伤心的。
receive:接受
Older women might be less likely to delay because they know there are more risks with pregnancy the older they get.
年龄较大的女性可能更少推迟是因为知道她们越老怀孕越风险。
risks:风险
It has been effective in eradicating physical and technological obstacles: physical, through the construction of roads, power plants and bridges; technical, by facilitating (through means fair and foul) the transfer of foreign intellectual property.
这在摧毁自然规律和它障碍很有效果，通过建设道路，能源计划和桥梁；它使得转移国外的知识产权变得便利（通过直接的和肮脏的方法）。
It:它
As a result, their significance cannot be well tracked by the state generated statistics that serve as a flawed window into China’s economy.
结果就是，通过国家生成的一组统计数据，他们的意义不能很好的追踪到他们充当了中国经济的一个突破口。
significance:意义
But as our briefing shows, they are an astonishing force.
但是，我们的简报显示，他们是一股令人惊奇的力量。
astonishing:惊奇
The heartland for entrepreneurial clusters is in regions, like Zhejiang, that have been relatively ignored by Beijing’s bureaucrats, but such businesses have now spread far and wide across the country.
创业的中心心国集中在相比较而言被北京的官僚忽视的地区，例如浙江，但是这些生意开始广泛的在全国开展。
heartland:心国
The number of registered private businesses grew at an average of 30% a year in 2000-09.
在2000到2009年年份，注册登记的私人公司的数字平均每年增长30%。
year:年份
Provincial politicians, whose career prospects are tied to growth, often let these outfits operate free not only of direct state management but also from many of the laws tied to land ownership, labour relations, taxation and licensing.
省领导，他们的职业前途跟经济的增长息息相关，通常他们不仅让私营企业不受到中央的操纵控制，而且在土地关系，劳工关系，税，许可证等方面给私营企业一路开绿灯。
operate:操纵
It is a wonderfully flexible system, but without a consistent rule of law, companies are prey to the predilections of bureaucrats.
这是一个美好的灵活的公司，但是没有一个始终如一的法律规章，公司只能根据官员的个人偏好来行事。
companies:公司
It is a wonderfully flexible system, but without a consistent rule of law, companies are prey to the predilections of bureaucrats.
这是一个美好的灵活的体制，但是没有一个始终如一的法律规章，公司只能根据官僚的个人偏好来行事。
bureaucrats:官僚
But over time, the contradictions between anarchic opportunism and state direction, both vital to China’s rise, will surely result in greater friction.
但是随着时间的推移，混乱中的投机主义和国家的发展趋势（两者都是中国崛起的重要因素）的矛盾将产生更大的摩擦。
friction:摩擦
It would be much better if they tried instead to provide the entrepreneurs with a proper legal framework.
如果他们试着提供事业提供更正统的法律结构结果会更好。
provide:提供
Many entrepreneurs understandably fear such scrutiny: they hate standing out, lest their operations become the focus of an investigation.
很多企业家害怕这样的详细审查：他们讨厌脱颖而出，免得他们的业务运营成为检查的焦点。
scrutiny:检查
Too many people—not just third-world dictators but Western business tycoons—have fallen for the Beijing consensus, the idea that state-directed capitalism and tight political control are the elixir of growth.
很多人，不仅仅是第三世界的独裁者还有西方商务的大亨，被“北京共识”欺骗，以为国家宏观调控的资本主义和严格的政治控制是经济增长的灵药。
business:商务
Exit polls in France suggest that President Francois Hollande's Socialist Party is heading for a majority in Parliament with its Green Party allies.
选举后民调显示，总统弗朗索瓦·奥朗德的社会党同绿党盟友在议会中占了多数席位，下周将举行决定性的第二轮投票。
allies:盟友
And they walked a couple of hundred meters up the street, and came across'fell Augusto Pinochet', people who were protesting against the event.
他们在街上行走了几百米，就遇到了高呼“打倒皮诺切特”、反对上映这部电影的抗议者。
walked:行走
And they walked a couple of hundred meters up the street, and came across'fell Augusto Pinochet', people who were protesting against the event.
他们在街上来了了几百米，就遇到了高呼“打倒皮诺切特”、反对上映这部电影的抗议者。
came:来了
There was a very heavy police presence, and generally, it seemed that the two sides had been kept apart, but there have been very serious clashes between the protesters and the police.
当时出动了大批警察，看来两派总体上似乎分开了，但抗议者和警察发生了非常严重的冲突。
seemed:似乎
The Red Cross in Nigeria says that six people have been killed in central Nigeria by an angry crowd which took to the streets after a suicide bombing of a church.
尼日利亚红十字称，在本国中部，一座教堂发生自杀式炸弹轰炸后，一群愤怒的人走上大街，杀死6人。
bombing:轰炸
In the European Football Championship, Spain and Italy have drawn 1-1, while Croatia have beaten Republic of Ireland 3-1.
在欧洲足球锦标赛中，西班牙和意大利以1:1平手，克罗地亚以3:1被打败爱尔兰共和国。
beaten:被打败
“I had a fever, I was achy, you know flu-like symptoms.
“我发烧，疼痛，好像是流感的热。
fever:热
“But we can’t always depend on severity and extent of spread being separated like that.
“我们不能总是根据其严重范围和传播范围把流行病区分开来。
extent:范围
“Countries committed to work, to implement surveillance system, to be able to have good laboratories in place, inform their population to do containment measures if need be, to be able to stop that spread of diseases. However, as you realize, that’s a lot of work.
“许多国家承诺在这方面进行努力，执行监测系统，在适当的地方部署好的实验室，通知国民进行需要的病毒围堵措施，想办法停止疾病的传播，但是我们意识到，这需要大量的实验室，我们目前还没有完全做到。”
laboratories:实验室
Allowing the patient to live a normal life and giving her back some dignity is the objective of this surgery performed in Jahun hospital, in northeast Nigeria.
让病人活过上正常的生活,为她找回一些尊严，这是尼日利亚东北部贾运医院进行这次手术的目标。
live:活
Allowing the patient to live a normal life and giving her back some dignity is the objective of this surgery performed in Jahun hospital, in northeast Nigeria.
让病人能够过上正常的生活,为她找回一些尊严，这是尼日利亚东北部贾运医院进行这次手术的目的。
objective:目的
It results from a difficult or prolonged childbirth, without proper medical assistance, which provokes tissue necrosis.
它的结果会导致出生困难或过长时间,如果没有适当的医疗措施,将会引起组织坏死。
childbirth:出生
Each month in Jahun, the surgeons hired by Doctor Without Borders operate on about 20 women.
”在贾运医院的每个月,无国界外科医生雇佣的外科医师们对大约20名妇女实施手术。
surgeons:外科医生
Each month in Jahun, the surgeons hired by Doctor Without Borders operate on about 20 women.
”在贾运医院的每个月,无国界医生雇佣的外科外科医生们对大约20名妇女实施手术。
surgeons:外科医生
After the surgery, the patients have physiotherapy sessions and a psychosocial follow-up to help them get back into society.
她回忆道。在术后,病人通过接受物理治疗和后续心理康复来帮助他们获得社会。
get:获得
When a silkworm has had its fill, it spins a cocoon from a single strand of silk, two to three thousand feet long!
当它吃填充了，就会吐丝结茧，它的茧是由一根长达两三千英尺的丝结成的。
fill:填充
Then a machine unwinds the single strand that makes up each cocoon. Twisted together, these strands make the fine thread used to weave silk cloth.
然后会有种机器把构成每个蚕茧的那根丝抽出来，这些丝缠在一起就制成了用于丝绸丝绸的细丝线。
silk:丝绸
Unless you take up weekly double marathons in middle-age, it’s impossible simply to “outrun” middle-age spread.
除非你在人到中年时，每周进行两次马拉松逃跑，否则绝不可能轻易逃脱中年发福。
outrun:逃跑
Gradually eating less is one way to make up the difference, since metabolism slows by about 100 calories every ten years.
减少食量是一种弥补差额的方法，因为新陈代谢的过程每隔十年就会降低100卡路里的吃。
eating:吃
Gradually eating less is one way to make up the difference, since metabolism slows by about 100 calories every ten years.
减少食量是一种弥补差额的方法，因为新陈代谢的过程每隔十年就会减慢100卡路里的消耗。
slows:减慢
Loss of muscle mass is the main reason metabolism slows down in the first place, since resting metabolic rate is directly related to lean body mass that’s mostly muscle.
本来，肌肉数量的减少是新陈代谢减慢的主要原因，这是由于停滞的新陈代谢率与大部分为肌肉的“瘦肉组织”直接相关。
slows:减慢
Maintaining or increasing muscle mass through strength training ups your metabolism and burns more calories, even while you’re sitting on the couch!
通过体能训练来维持或升值瘦肉组织，能提高你的新陈代谢和升值更多热量消耗，甚至当你坐在沙发上时也可以做到！
ups:升值
This week, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the government can require people to have health insurance or pay a financial penalty.
本周，美国最高法院裁定，政府有权强制有购买医疗保险或缴纳罚款。
have:有
Opponents of the health care law argued that the clause does not give Congress the power to require people to buy a product.
医保法案的反对者认为，该条款并未赋予国会强制个人买产品的权力。
buy:买
However, Chief Justice John Roberts used a different part of the Constitution to find that the mandate is legal: Even though the law never calls the penalty a "tax," it acts like one and Congress has the power to tax.
然而，首席大法官约翰·罗伯茨（John Roberts）采用宪法中的另一部分内容，认定这种“强制”合法。他表示，即使宪法从未将该罚款称作税，但它的作用就像税，而国会有权征税。
Constitution:宪法
MITT ROMNEY: "What the court did not do on its last day in session, I will do on my first day if elected president of the United States, and that is I will act to repeal Obamacare."
罗姆尼：“法庭在开庭最后一天没有做到的，我会在我当选总统的头一天做到，我会当选，废除奥巴马医保法案。”
elected:当选
The twenty-one adults in the experiment learned Brocanto2, a thirteen-word language created for the study. The words and grammar rules relate to a computer game similar to chess that the learners played.
研究中被试的21名成年人学习了Brocanto2词汇，这是为该研究创造的一门由13个字母组成的词汇，其单词和语法规则和学习者玩的一种类似国际象棋的电脑游戏有关。
words:词汇
For example, "Blom neimo lu neep li praz" means "The square blom-piece switches with the neep-piece."
例如，" Blom neimo lu neep li praz"意思是“方形的Blom片子由neep片子转换而来。
piece:片子
For example, "Blom neimo lu neep li praz" means "The square blom-piece switches with the neep-piece."
例如，" Blom neimo lu neep li praz"意思是“方形的Blom片子由neep片子转换而来。
piece:片子
But only the immersion group showed full native-like processing of the grammar.
但只有浸入如学习组在处理语法时同母语人士完全相同。
like:如
He sued NCsoft for fraud and negligence, demanding over $9m in damages and claiming that the company acted negligently by failing to warn him of the danger that he would become “addicted” to the game.
住院三周后，克莱格控告NCSoft公司欺诈和疏忽，声称该公司没有告诫其游戏“网瘾”的危害，要求获得9 百万美元的损害。
damages:损害
Back in 2000 Joseph Walther, a communications professor at Michigan State University, co-wrote an article in which he suggested, tongue in cheek, that the criteria used to call someone an internet addict might also show that most professors were “addicted” to academia.
2000年时，密西根州立大学传播学教授约瑟夫.沃尔瑟在与他人合写的一篇文章中开玩笑似地说道，如果按照所谓的网瘾标准，大部分的教授也可以叫做“教授上瘾”了。
professor:教授
Back in 2000 Joseph Walther, a communications professor at Michigan State University, co-wrote an article in which he suggested, tongue in cheek, that the criteria used to call someone an internet addict might also show that most professors were “addicted” to academia.
2000年时，密西根州立大学传播学教授约瑟夫.沃尔瑟在与他人合写的一篇文章中开玩笑似地说道，如果按照所谓的网瘾标准，大部分的教授也可以叫做“教授上瘾”了。
professors:教授
The South Korean government has since asked game developers to adopt a gaming curfew for children, to prevent them playing between midnight and 8am.
此后，韩国政府要求游戏开发商接受电玩宵禁，禁止儿童在半夜到早晨8 点之间玩游戏。
adopt:接受
As fighting rages in many parts of Syria between the army and rebels, the United Nations envoy Kofi Annan has expressed grave concern at the escalating violence and the government's use of heavy weapons.
随着军队和叛军在叙利亚多个地区展开战斗，联合国使者科菲·安南对政府越来越多使用重型武力进行暴力使用表示担忧。
use:使用
The United States said it feared the Syrian government was preparing a new massacre in al-Haffa in Latakia province.
联合国表害怕叙利亚政府准备在拉塔基亚省展开新一场大屠杀。
feared:害怕
The United States has withdrawn its negotiators from Pakistan after talks failed over reopening Nato's supply routes to Afghanistan.
由于重开北约至阿富汗供给路线的谈判失败，美国从巴基斯坦撤回谈判者。
routes:路线
Pakistan blocked the supply routes from Karachi last November after US forces mistakenly killed 24 Pakistani soldiers at a border post.
由于美军在一处前哨战误杀24名巴基斯坦士兵，巴基斯坦于去年关闭了卡拉奇至阿富汗的供给路线。
routes:路线
A spokesman for the Egyptian Interior Ministry has told the BBC that the former President Hosni Mubarak is suffering from problems with his breathing and blood pressure.
埃及内政部发言人告诉BBC，前总统穆巴拉克有问题和血压等问题。
problems:问题
"The claim is that there is some vast conspiracy where the Conservative Party knows before the general election that News International wants to bid for more of Sky, that we sign up to some deals in return for their support. And then when we get into office, we hand over BSkyB.
“有人称保守党在大选之间知道大量阴谋，即新闻国际希望多竞标以控制天空公司，称我们签署阴谋以获得新闻国际的支持，称在我们上任后就把天空广播公司交了出去。
conspiracy:阴谋
These, in particular, will be high on Planetary Resources’ shopping list because the planet-forming processes of mineral-melting and subsequent stratification into core, mantle and crust will have sorted their contents in ways that can concentrate valuable materials into exploitable ores.
因为在行星诞生时，矿物熔化之后会层化为地核、地幔、地壳；这个过程将使其中物质分门别类，令有价值的矿物浓缩形成开采的矿石。
forming:形成
These, in particular, will be high on Planetary Resources’ shopping list because the planet-forming processes of mineral-melting and subsequent stratification into core, mantle and crust will have sorted their contents in ways that can concentrate valuable materials into exploitable ores.
因为在行星诞生时，矿物熔化之后会层化为地核、地幔、地壳；这个过程将使其中材料分门别类，令有价值的矿物浓缩成可供开采的矿石。
materials:材料
On Earth, for example, platinum and its allied elements, though rare at the surface, are reckoned more common in the planet’s metal-rich core.
例如在地球上，铂和铂系在在地表上虽然罕见，但人们认为在富含金属的地核里却是较为常见的。
at:在
On Earth, for example, platinum and its allied elements, though rare at the surface, are reckoned more common in the planet’s metal-rich core.
例如在地球上，铂和铂系金属在地表上虽然罕见，但人们认为在富含金属的地核里却是较为常见的。
metal:金属
But the real doubt over this sort of enterprise is not the supply, but the demand.
但对于这种工程浩大的企业，人们真正质疑的并非是否有人能提供这种服务，而是有没有这种需求。
enterprise:企业
She was making cosmetics from the baobab tree oil but had no use for the powder from the tree fruit.
她从猴面包树的油中制造化妆品，但从未用的果实的粉末。
making:制造
CAMERON YUILL: "Mac users tend to be more affluent than PC users, so why not target them with the messages that are going to resonate with them?"
CAMERON YUILL ：“Mac用户往往比普通电脑用户更有钱，所以为什么不针对他们提供照顾引起他们兴趣的信息呢？
tend:照顾
If you're traveling at a certain period of time, or you're a business traveler or you bought your ticket last minute, you will always get charged more."
如果你在旅行者特定时段出行，或者你是商务旅客，又或者你最后时刻才买的机票，你总是会掏更多钱。”
traveler:旅行者
He says the Internet has increased the amount of data that companies can collect.
他表示，互联网增加了各种公司能够数据的数据的总量。
data:数据
ERIC MARTIN: "Technology is creating an environment where your searches, your online behavior, leads the seller to know much more about you than would, for instance, a retailer when you walked into their store."
马丁：“科技创造了这样一种环境，你的搜索，你的网上行为让卖家对你了解得更多。举例说，它会超出你行走一家商店时零售商对你的了解。
walked:行走
Websites collect this kind of information by placing small files known as cookies on a person's computer.
网站通过在用户網站上放置一个被称为Cookie的小文件收集这类信息。
Websites:網站
In the case of Orbitz, Mac and PC users were actually given the same choices. However, they appeared in different orders.
在Orbitz这个案例中，Mac和普通电脑用户实际上出现给出了同样的选项，但它们出现的顺序不同。
appeared:出现
But it also unwittingly peddled the still pervasive myth that conductors are, in effect, magicians—sorcerers who single-handedly extract waves of finely variegated sound out of thin air.
但它也无意中增加了指挥家的神秘色彩，时至今日人们仍然觉得不可思议，好像他们就是魔术师——独自一人就凭空变态出变态幻莫测的美妙声音。
variegated:变态
Many hours have been spent not just in concerts given by the six conductor-orchestra pairs taken as his subject, but in observing them in the rehearsals beforehand and quizzing members of the orchestra about their side of the experience.
作者花了大量时间，不仅探索了被采纳书中主人公的六位指挥家和他们乐队的音乐会，还深入了解了他们前期的排练，“拷问”乐队成员，从他们的角度寻找答案。
taken:被采纳
Many hours have been spent not just in concerts given by the six conductor-orchestra pairs taken as his subject, but in observing them in the rehearsals beforehand and quizzing members of the orchestra about their side of the experience.
作者花了大量时间，不仅探索了作为书中主人公的六位指挥家和他们乐队的音乐会，还深入了解了他们前期的试演，“拷问”乐队成员，从他们的角度寻找答案。
rehearsals:试演
Famously reticent, Mr Abbado gives little away himself, but his players say it all for him—a fine confirmation of his gifts as a conductor.
阿巴多先生沉默少语是出了名的，所以他自己并没有多说什么，但他的乐团成员完全代劳——成为他指挥天赋的最佳确认。
confirmation:确认
But if so, it is a magic that comes through dedication, not sorcery.
就真是魔术，也是表演者们尽心奉献变成的魔法，不会有什么巫术。
sorcery:巫术
It was a chance encounter here with an English officer, interned by the French authorities but that day on parole, which led to her membership of the resistance, and then to her role as an agent of the British Special Operations Executive in occupied France.
在那里，她很偶然地碰到一位被法国当局保释的在囚英国军官。这位军官后来带领她加入了抵抗德国纳粹的运动中，也使她成为了英国特别行动在这儿驻占领的法国的一位特工。
here:在这儿
It was a chance encounter here with an English officer, interned by the French authorities but that day on parole, which led to her membership of the resistance, and then to her role as an agent of the British Special Operations Executive in occupied France.
在那里，她很偶然英国人碰到一位被法国当局保释的在囚英国军官。这位军官后来带领她加入了抵抗德国纳粹的运动中，也使她成为了英国特别行动处驻占领的法国的一位特工。
British:英国人
From her earliest days, Miss Wake combined opposing qualities.
早在还是个女孩的时候，威克身上就有了相反的品质。
qualities:品质
She took a flat, ostensibly for a lover, in fact for the resistance, sheltered men on the run and became a crucial part of the southern escape line to Spain, travelling all over southern France from Nice to Names to Perpignan, with clothing, money and false documents.
她买了栋公寓，表面上看是为了会情人用的，但实际上是为了庇护抵抗军，她带着衣物、钱和假造的公文，从尼斯到尼姆再到配里皮昂在法国南部来回奔走，成为法国南部向西班牙逃亡路线的一个关键以上。
over:以上
It was this steadiness and loyalty to her comrades that most appealed to the British officers who later agreed to train her to become an SOE agent.
正是这种坚持稳定和对同志的忠诚打动了那位英国军官，成为他后来同意将她训练为一名特别行动处特工的最重要代理人。
agent:代理人
When she was with the Maquis, silk stockings and Elizabeth Arden face cream were often dropped for her by parachute, along with Sten guns, radios and grenades.
在法国抗德馬奎斯工作那会儿，组织经常空降丝袜、伊莉莎白·雅顿的面霜，以及斯特恩式轻机关枪、收音机和手榴弹给她。
Maquis:馬奎斯
Yet she conformed to no stereotype, swearing in the vernacular in the coarsest of terms, living for months in the woods and fighting, in the words of a confrère, not like a man but “like five men”.
然而，她绝不是一般的女人，她可以用最脏的法国词汇骂人，她也可以在茂林作战数月。用一位同事的话说，她根本不像一个男人，她“像五个男人”。
words:词汇
And back in Britain in 1943 it was her character rather than her skills or physical abilities that got her through her training in grenade throwing, silent killing and parachute jumping.
而再往前，1943年在英国时，正是因为她的顽强的性格，而不是她的它或身体素质，使她通过了扔手榴弹、无声杀人和跳伞训练。
it:它
Their immediate job was to work with the local Maquis to cause as much disruption as possible before D-day five weeks later.
他们当时的任务是与当地的抗德馬奎斯一起，尽可能多地制造混乱，为五周后的诺曼底登陆做准备。
Maquis:馬奎斯
Now the fighting began, and Captain Wake showed herself more than willing to take part, readily joining raiding parties, blowing up local Gestapo headquarters and ambushing German patrols.
现在战斗开始了，威克上尉显然不只是要去参与其中，她自愿加入了突击队，端掉了盖世太保的总指挥部，并突袭了德国巡逻兵。
fighting:战斗
An off-duty policeman in Slovakia has killed three people and wounded two more in a shooting.
斯洛伐克一名警察在非执勤时候开枪取消三人，令另外两人受伤。
off:取消
The Burmese pro-democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi has finally given her Nobel lecture 21 years after being awarded the peace prize.
缅甸亲民主领导人昂山素季终于在获得诺贝尔和平奖21年后发表获奖讲课。
lecture:讲课
She said the award had made her feel part of the world at a time of intense isolation.
她说，在那段被高度孤立的时间，这份奖让她感到自己属于这个世界。
isolation:孤立
"When I think of the years that have passed, I'm amazed that so many remained staunch under the most trying circumstances.
“每当我想起过去的年月，令我惊奇的是，在最艰难的环境下还有那么多依旧坚定的人。
amazed:惊奇
In the Caribbean itself, the term seems to have a variety of different meanings.
在加勒比海当地，这两个期限似乎有许多不同的含义。
term:期限
In the UK, it is generally the verb ‘big’ which changes to form the past or gerund, for example, ‘he bigged up his fellow artists’.
在英国，通常是动词‘big’变成过去式或动名词，例如，‘he bigged up his fellow artists’（他超赞他的艺术家同事）.而在美国，这种“变形”（改变词的形式来改变形式）有时会体现在‘up’这个词上，如：giving us big -upped and big -upping。
form:形式
When you think of something boiling, you probably picture a pot on the stove, but there’s another kitchen appliance that brings liquid to a boil, not to heat food, but cool it.
但是，有一种厨具可以使液体沸腾，但不是为了沸腾食物，而是用于冷却食物。
boiling:沸腾
So, some of the coolant boils immediately and evaporates into a gas inside the coil, Evaporation uses up lots of heat energy.
这样，里面冷却剂立即沸腾，在盘管内汽化，汽化作用会消耗掉大里面热能。
inside:里面
Artist and gallery owner Noboru Mishima shows art by Californians inspired by Asian themes.
艺术家兼画廊拥有者诺布尔.三岛展示加利福尼亚人因亚洲的题材引发灵感而艺术的艺术品。
art:艺术
The risk of death in a newborn also increases sharply if babies are born after less than thirty-two weeks of pregnancy.
如果新生儿少于32周出生，新生儿死亡的风险也急剧增加。
newborn:新生儿
In 1922 he became the head of the House of Habsburg: “Your Majesty” to legitimists, and by the Grace of God “Emperor of Austria; King of Hungary and Bohemia, Dalmatia, Croatia, Slavonia, Galicia and Lodomeria; King of Jerusalem, etc; Archduke of Austria; Grand Duke of Tuscany and Cracow; Duke of Lorraine, Salzburg, Styria, Carinthia, Carniola and Bukowina; Grand Prince of Transylvania; Margrave of Moravia; Duke of Silesia, Modena, Parma, Piacenza, Guastalla, Auschwitz and Zator, Teschen, Friaul, Dubrovnik and Zadar; Princely Count of Habsburg and Tyrol, of Kyburg, Gorizia and Gradisca; Prince of Trento and Brixen; Margrave of Upper and Lower Lusatia”.
1922年他成为了Habsburg家族的掌门人：正统王朝派的“陛下”，受上帝保佑的“奥地利的皇帝；匈牙利，波西米亚，达尔玛提亚，克罗地亚，撕拉沃尼亚，加利西亚，罗的梅里亚，耶路撒冷的国王等；奥地利大公；托斯卡纳及克拉科大公；洛林，萨尔茨堡，萨利亚，克恩腾，卡尼奥拉及布科维纳公爵；特兰西瓦尼亚大公；摩拉维亚伯爵；西里西亚，摩德纳，帕尔马，皮亚琴察，Guastalla，奥斯维辛及Zator，Teschen，Friaul，拉古扎和萨拉的公爵；哈普斯堡及蒂罗尔，Kyburg，Gorizia及Gradisca皇室；特兰托及Brixen阿爾克杜克；上、下卢萨蒂亚伯爵”。
Archduke:阿爾克杜克
As a student in Berlin, he irked Hitler by refusing to meet him.
作为一名在柏林上学的学生，因为拒绝见希特勒而铁面了他。
irked:铁面
His glory days came late, in 1989, when what had seemed a sentimental preoccupation with Mitteleuropa—merely a meteorological term, cynics sniffed—was suddenly practical politics.
1989年，他总算迎来了属于他的荣耀，当时原本似乎视为文艺的中欧（愤世嫉俗者对其嗤之以鼻，这个词几乎已成为了一个气象数语）突然就有了实际的政治意义。
seemed:似乎
His glory days came late, in 1989, when what had seemed a sentimental preoccupation with Mitteleuropa—merely a meteorological term, cynics sniffed—was suddenly practical politics.
1989年，他总算迎来了属于他的荣耀，当时原本被视为文艺的中欧（愤世嫉俗者对其嗤之以鼻，这个期限几乎已成为了一个气象数语）突然就有了实际的政治意义。
term:期限
A lifetime foe of the communist usurpers in eastern Europe, he plotted with reformist politicians in Budapest to stage a symbolic cross-border Austro-Hungarian picnic in the summer of 1989, breaching the Iron Curtain for ever.
一生仇视东欧的共产主义篡夺者，他在布达佩斯与革命派共产主义者秘密谋划，于1989年夏上演了具有象征性的范欧野餐计划，彻底粉碎了铁幕。
communist:共产主义者
A lifetime foe of the communist usurpers in eastern Europe, he plotted with reformist politicians in Budapest to stage a symbolic cross-border Austro-Hungarian picnic in the summer of 1989, breaching the Iron Curtain for ever.
一生仇视东欧的共产主义篡夺者，他在布达佩斯与革命派政治家秘密谋划，于1989年夏上演了具有象征性的范欧野餐图形，彻底粉碎了铁幕。
plotted:图形
Sadly, his modesty prevailed. He concentrated instead on lobbying for speedy and generous expansion of the EU to the east, most recently Croatia.
只是，他的谦逊占了上峰，集中投身于游说让欧盟快速而优雅地向东延伸，最近已拓展到了克罗地亚。
concentrated:集中
These are English speakers who are talking at a normal rate of speech, so it's a little difficult to understand them, but we will listen and then go back and listen again to different sections - different parts - and explain in slower, clearer vocabulary what they are saying.
这些人都是用常速说话的讲英语的人，所以要听明白可能会有点难。但是我们会先听然后回头再听听不同的部分，并用较慢的并且清晰的说解释他们提到的词汇。
saying:说
My role is to run global research in pre-market and post-market for products that are coming to market through the FDA in the United States.
我的工作职责就是对即将经过美国食品及药物管理局（Food and Drug Administration）而进入市场的那些产品进行上市前与上市后的全球性研究。
research:研究
My role is to run global research in pre-market and post-market for products that are coming to market through the FDA in the United States.
我的工作职责就是对即将经过美国食品及药物食品药品监督管理局（Food and Drug Administration）而进入市场的那些产品进行上市前与上市后的全球性调查。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
The word role is just another word for what particular position you have in a company.
role这个单词表达的就是你在公司的有特定职位。
have:有
Pre-market, "pre-" market, "market," is just another way of saying before the product that the company makes is sold to the general public - before they release it - before they put it on sale.
Pre -market——上市前，指的是在公司的释放出售给公众之前的时候，即发售之前。
release:释放
The word market here normally means a store, when we use the term market, but market can also refer to people who buy something.
这里的market这个期限通常指的是商店，我们使用这个期限的时候，它也可以表示消费者市场。
term:期限
Someone who is buying drugs would be part of the drug market - the group of people who buy that particular good or that particular product.
这些买药品的人也构成了药品市场的一部分——即这些买特定商品或者产品的人群。
buy:买
Someone who is buying drugs would be part of the drug market - the group of people who buy that particular good or that particular product.
这些购买药品的人也构成了药品市场的一部分——即这些购买特定产品或者产品的人群。
product:产品
Steve also says he is in charge of, or runs, post-market research.
Steve也说他负责进行上市后的研究研究。
research:研究
Steve then explains a little bit more about what he does with the pre-market research, and he mentions that he has to work with a group called the FDA.
Steve接着又说了一些关于在上市前和上市后研究中的具体工作。他提到了他必须要跟一个名为FDA的组织打交道。
research:研究
FDA stands for, or means, the Food and Drug Administration, and this is the part of our national government - the US federal government - that takes care of drugs and approving new drugs and new medical devices so that people can use them.
FDA指的是Food and Drug Administration——食物药品食品药品监督管理局，它是我们国家（联邦）政府的一部分——负责管理药品以及批准新的药品和医疗设施上市。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
The expression to come, "come," to market means company is getting ready to sell them, they haven't sold them yet.
come to market这个短语的意思是让公司准好出售的准备，这些产品还没有上市。
sell:出售
So, the products are coming to those people, but they're not yet ready to sell them.
也就是说，产品马上就要上市了，但是他们还没有准备产品出售这些产品。
products:产品
An obstacle is something that prevents you or slows you down from reaching your goal - from getting to where you want to go.
obstacles指的是阻止或者减慢你达到研究成果或者目的的东西。
slows:减慢
Finally, Steve tells us about the post-market research that he does: [recording] "And, I'm also director of post-market research, so that's research on products that are already approved in the United States, and also approved globally. Most of our studies are done in the United States and in multiple geographies in Europe, Australia and Canada."
Steve最后聊了聊上市后的研究内容：‘我同时也负责上市后的研究工作，也就是研究已经在美国以及全球都获得准批的药物；我们的研究在美国和欧洲，澳洲以及加拿大进行’。
research:研究
Finally, Steve tells us about the post-market research that he does: [recording] "And, I'm also director of post-market research, so that's research on products that are already approved in the United States, and also approved globally. Most of our studies are done in the United States and in multiple geographies in Europe, Australia and Canada."
Steve最后聊了聊上市后的研究内容：‘我同时也负责上市后的研究工作，也就是研究已经在美国以及全球都获得准批的药物；我们的研究在美国和欧洲，澳洲以及加拿大进行’。
research:研究
Finally, Steve tells us about the post-market research that he does: [recording] "And, I'm also director of post-market research, so that's research on products that are already approved in the United States, and also approved globally. Most of our studies are done in the United States and in multiple geographies in Europe, Australia and Canada."
Steve最后聊了聊上市后的研究内容：‘我同时也负责上市后的研究工作，也就是研究已经在美国以及全球都获得准批的药物；我们的研究在美国和欧洲，澳洲以及加拿大进行’。
research:研究
For example, you can have an offer of marriage, so you're offering yourself to marry another person.
例如，你可以提出结婚，也就是你主动提出要嫁/娶有。
have:有
You could have a job offer, when a company says we want to hire you.
当有公司说他们想要聘用你时，你会得到一份工作的offer。
have:有
That means that they are selling it at this price or under these conditions for only a short amount of time, so you have to say yes - you have to buy it - quickly.
这里的意思就是他们的这场销售只会进行一段很短的时间，所以你必须得同意或者接受——你必须要抓紧时间买。
buy:买
This was a movie a few years ago, I think in 2003 or so, with Jack Nicholson, who's a famous Hollywood actor, and Diane Keaton, who's a famous actress - or woman actor.
我觉得这部电影应该是几年前的，2003年吧。主演是Jack Nicholson——好莱坞非常出名的一名女演员，还有Diane Keaton——有名的女女演员。
actress:女演员
We must all know that the austerity measures cannot go ahead because they lack the necessary legal basis."
我们必须知道，因为他们缺乏必须的法律基础，紧缩政策就无法通过。
must:必须
A curfew has been imposed in Kaduna state in northern Nigeria after bomb attacks on at least three churches prompted retaliatory violence against Muslims.
尼日利亚北部卡杜纳州已实行宵禁，发出的是发生了针对穆斯林的报复性暴力事件，至少3座教堂遭受了炸弹袭击。
prompted:发出的
It's the third Sunday in a row that churches have been bombed in northern Nigeria.
这是尼日利亚连续第三天遭受教堂轰炸案。
bombed:轰炸
The air being dragged across the top of the spinning ball moves in the same direction as the air that’s rushing past.
球所吸附的这层空气转到球的上方过去，它的运动方向与周围空气流动方向一致。
past:过去
As the air spinning with the ball comes around the bottom it is moving in the opposite direction from the air on top, and therefore against the onrushing air.
而这层空气到球下方的时候，它的运动方向与上方空气相反，因此与周围空气相抵。
air:空气
As the air spinning with the ball comes around the bottom it is moving in the opposite direction from the air on top, and therefore against the onrushing air.
而这层空气到球下方的时候，它的运动方向与上方空气相反，因此与周围空气相抵。
air:空气
As the air spinning with the ball comes around the bottom it is moving in the opposite direction from the air on top, and therefore against the onrushing air.
而这层空气到球下方的时候，它的运动方向与上方空气相反，因此与周围空气相抵。
air:空气
A slow moving air stream has higher pressure than a fast moving air stream.
速度慢的空气压强较大，速度快的空气压强较小。
air:空气
A slow moving air stream has higher pressure than a fast moving air stream.
速度慢的空气压强较大，速度快的空气压强较小。
air:空气
A curious thing is that in dim light you can see more clearly out of the side of your eye, because the light-sensitive rods are more highly concentrated off to the side in the back of your eye.
奇特的是，在光线暗淡事情下，通过眼睛两边的余光你能看得更清晰，因为杆状体更集中地分布在眼睛后部的边侧。
thing:事情
In his new book, “The Boy in the River”, Mr Hoskins argues that these atrocities are a perversion of African belief systems and highly unusual.
在他的新书《河里的男孩》中，霍斯金斯先生说这些暴行是对非洲信仰的一种扭曲，是极不寻常的。
perversion:扭曲
They convince parents that their children are possessed by demons which must be exorcised through isolation, fasting and beatings.
他们使得父母们相信自己的孩子被魔鬼蛊惑，必须通过孤立、禁食和鞭打才能除怪。
isolation:孤立
It is heartening to read that the British authorities go to great lengths to solve these crimes, but infuriating to learn about the flaws in the system.
所以当知道英国当局不遗余力要解决这些犯罪时，是很振奋人心的，但在知道系统中的不足时又难免让人感到激怒。
infuriating:激怒
By the same token, both are sensitive to the idea of “non-place”, a phrase Mr Fort uses to describe service stations, shopping centres, airports and the space-bubbles inhabited by drivers. Mr Barker does not name it, but he nonetheless conveys his sense of the same thing—at the fancy grocer’s, selling Japanese wakame and cranberry pressé, or the executive houses with stone bed-warmers on the windowsill and Range Rovers in the drive.
同样的，二者都敏感关注“非场所”这个概念：Fort用“非场所”来称呼服务站、购物中心、机场或车手居住的“太空泡泡车”；Barker虽然没有使用“非场所”这个词，但他却短语了同一种概念：在销售日本若目和蔓越橘调酒苏打水的花里胡哨的小店铺、窗台上放着暖床石壶的"行政"别墅，路途中的揽胜越野车。
phrase:短语
These places might be anywhere or, for his purposes, nowhere.
这些地方既可以是任何地方，而相对他的所求目的，又或根本不存在。
purposes:目的
Mr Barker has also taped an ageing hippy, a graphics designer, a tattoo lady, puppeteers and others, for he knows how much the place owes to them.
Barker也同样录下了一位老嬉皮士，一个平面设计师，一位纹身女士，一些玩木偶剧的人，因为他清楚这片土地亏欠了他们（这些人对家乡的维护之恩）。
lady:女士
Mr Fort is a charming and knowledgeable guide, who can people the hills with shepherds, and the manors and rectories with eccentric antiquarians; who can tell you about an ancient system for flooding water meadows or the common names of chalk-loving flowers and butterflies.
Fort是一个富有魅力且极具知识的向导，他可以与牧羊人一起庄园在山丘上，也可以与性情古怪的古玩收藏家一起庄园在庄园中。他也可以向你讲述无边草甸的古老制度或是喜钙的花朵或蝴蝶的常用名。
manors:庄园
Mr Fort is a charming and knowledgeable guide, who can people the hills with shepherds, and the manors and rectories with eccentric antiquarians; who can tell you about an ancient system for flooding water meadows or the common names of chalk-loving flowers and butterflies.
Fort是一个富有魅力且极具知识的向导，他可以与牧羊人一起教区在山丘上，也可以与性情古怪的古玩收藏家一起教区在庄园中。他也可以向你讲述无边草甸的古老制度或是喜钙的花朵或蝴蝶的常用名。
rectories:教区
Mr Fort is a charming and knowledgeable guide, who can people the hills with shepherds, and the manors and rectories with eccentric antiquarians; who can tell you about an ancient system for flooding water meadows or the common names of chalk-loving flowers and butterflies.
Fort是一个富有魅力且极具知识的向导，他可以与牧羊人一起居住在山丘上，也可以与性情古怪的古玩收藏家一起居住在庄园中。他也可以向你讲述无边草地的古老制度或是喜钙的花朵或蝴蝶的常用名。
meadows:草地
Kerry wants to give a boost to Israeli-Palestinian talks which have been rocky since they were revived four months ago.
巴以和谈自4个月前恢复后一直进展不顺利，克里希望提升一臂之力。
boost:提升
The announcement said that the prince would also continue his current post as defense minister.
宣布表示，亲王将继续担任目前的国防部长一职。
announcement:宣布
Today's simple announcement has again postponed for potentially difficult but inevitable transition to a younger generation.
今天的宣布可能再次延迟将王位转给年轻一代，这个过程会有困难，但却是不可避免的。
announcement:宣布
Today's simple announcement has again postponed for potentially difficult but inevitable transition to a younger generation.
今天的声明可能再次推迟将王位转给年轻一代，这个过程会有困难，但却是不可避免的。
postponed:推迟
Cardinal Bertone, the Vatican secretary of state, was responding to the recent leaking of sensitive documents.
贝尔托枢機卿是梵蒂冈国务秘书，他对最近敏感文件泄露一事发表看法。
Cardinal:枢機卿
Cardinal Bertone rejected suggestions that senior clerics were behind the leaks.
贝尔托枢機卿否定所谓的高级牧师参与泄密一事的说法。
Cardinal:枢機卿
The case has been due to resume next week. Last month, it was halted when it emerged the prosecution had failed to disclose evidence to the defense.
这起案件将于下周继续审判，上月，由于检方未能将证据提供给被告，审判就停顿了。
halted:停顿
Republican politicians had objected to his nomination, citing concerns about his judgment and passed allegations of impropriety.
共和党共和党人反对对他的提名，并援引有关对他判断力的担心及所谓行为不当的说法。
Republican:共和党人
Republican politicians had objected to his nomination, citing concerns about his judgment and passed allegations of impropriety.
共和党政客反对对他的提名，并援引有关对他判断力的担心及所谓不恰当不当的说法。
impropriety:不恰当
With most votes counted in Egypt's presidential election, the Muslim Brotherhood candidate, Mohammed Mursi, appears to be heading for a narrow victory.
埃及总统选举已清点了大多数选举，穆斯林兄弟组织候选人穆罕默德·穆尔西显然将险胜。
election:选举
For its part, Iran wants an end to sanctions and recognition of what it says is its rights to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes.
而伊朗希望目的制裁，希望各国认可它所谓的和平目的浓缩铀这个权利。
purposes:目的
The world runs on oil much of it transported on ships like this from countries in the Middle East including Iran.
世界的运转需要石油，多数的石油都是这样用船只从伊朗等中东地区的中运来。
Middle:中
“What has happened is that Libya production is coming back, Saudi production has been increased, Nigerian production went up and Iraq is also increasing output and the net increase’s been half a million barrels a day.”
“过去发生的事情包括：利比亚石油生产正在恢复，沙特石油生产在高，尼日利亚生产在上升，伊拉克也在高石油产量，其净高已经达到每天50万桶油。”
up:高
“What has happened is that Libya production is coming back, Saudi production has been increased, Nigerian production went up and Iraq is also increasing output and the net increase’s been half a million barrels a day.”
“过去发生的事情包括：利比亚石油生产正在恢复，沙特石油生产在增加，尼日利亚生产在上升，伊拉克也在增加石油输出，其净增加已经达到每天50万桶油。”
output:输出
That’s bad news for Iran where international sanctions have caused a 20% inflation rate with food prices raising more than twice that fast.
但这对伊朗来说是个坏消息，由于国际制裁，伊朗的通货膨胀达到20%，而食品价格的提高速度是通货膨胀速度的两倍多。
raising:提高
Now the situation will only get worse, according to Iran expert Mark Fitzpatrick at London’s International Institute for Strategic Studies:
根据伦敦国际研究院战略研究的伊朗专家Mark Fitzpatrick的看法，伊朗的形势还要变得更糟：
worse:更糟
Fitzpatrick does not expect military action as long as negotiations continue. But later this year if talks fail, he says Israel could attack Ira’s nuclear facilities and that could trigger a wider war.
”Fitzpatrick认为，只要核谈判在继续，对伊朗的军事打击行动就不会出现，但是他说如果到今年晚些时候谈判还是不能成功谈判，以色列将可能会攻击伊朗的核设施，这将可能会导致一场规模更大的战争。
negotiations:谈判
Fitzpatrick does not expect military action as long as negotiations continue. But later this year if talks fail, he says Israel could attack Ira’s nuclear facilities and that could trigger a wider war.
”Fitzpatrick认为，只要核谈判在继续，对伊朗的军事打击行动就不会出现，但是他说如果到今年晚些时候谈判还是不能成功谈话，以色列将可能会攻击伊朗的核设施，这将可能会导致一场规模更大的战争。
talks:谈话
Fitzpatrick does not expect military action as long as negotiations continue. But later this year if talks fail, he says Israel could attack Ira’s nuclear facilities and that could trigger a wider war.
”Fitzpatrick认为，只要核谈判在继续，对伊朗的军事打击攻击就不会出现，但是他说如果到今年晚些时候谈判还是不能成功的话，以色列将可能会攻击伊朗的核设施，这将可能会导致一场规模更大的战争。
attack:攻击
The United States central bank, the Federal Reserve, has cut its forecast for growth this year, saying the pace of recovery in the US has slowed.
美国央行美联储慢下来今年对增长的预期，称美国复苏的步伐在放慢。
slowed:慢下来
The Fed says the US economy is expanding moderately, but unemployment is high, job creation has slowed, and so has household spending. The housing market is still depressed.
美联储说，美国经济正适度发展，但失业率很高，就业机会增长放慢，家庭开支也在慢下来，房屋市场仍不景气。
slowed:慢下来
On Wednesday government forces and opposition fighters agreed to a two-hour ceasefire to allow aid through, but it's still unclear if the heavy shelling and gunfire has died out completely.
周三，政府军和反对派武装人员同意停炮击两小时，并允许援助进入，但尚不清楚重型炮炮击和枪炮击是否完全停息。
shelling:炮击
The prosecutor says the Guyraroka community in western Brazil will need the money to make their environment sustainable again after decades of destruction by cattle ranchers and farmers.
检察官称巴西西部的Guyraroka社区需要资金来使环境再次实现可持续性，这里几十年来都在遭受牧民和农场主的破坏。
ranchers:农场主
A gunman claiming to be inspired by al-Qaeda has given himself up after a siege at a bank in the southern French city of Toulouse.
一名声称受到基地组织受到启发的歹徒在法国图卢兹一家银行被包围后自首。
inspired:受到启发
A gunman claiming to be inspired by al-Qaeda has given himself up after a siege at a bank in the southern French city of Toulouse.
一名声称受到基地组织激发的歹徒在法国图卢兹一家银行被围攻后自首。
siege:围攻
Six hours of siege ended successfully with the controlled use of force by the police.
警方严控武器的使用，6个小时围攻终于成功结束。
siege:围攻
The English woman who gave birth to the world's first test tube baby has died at the age of 64.
诞生世界上出生试管婴儿的英国妇女现已去世，终年64岁。
birth:出生
Mrs Brown had been trying for a baby with her husband for nine years before she successfully conceived through what was then still an experimental technique.
布朗9年来一直想和丈夫有个宝贝，后来借助当时的一项试验技术成功怀孕。
baby:宝贝
Army snipers holed up in a minaret take aim at anyone trying to flee Syria.
军方狙击手们躲藏在一座尖塔内将枪口对准了任何试图逃跑叙利亚的人。
flee:逃跑
"We need the rest of the world to make themselves the friends of the Syrian people, to support the FSA and support democracy—not just in words but actions.
“我们需要世界上的其他人把叙利亚人民当作自己的朋友,支持FSA，支持民主—不仅仅是在词汇中，还要落实行动。”
words:词汇
In 1946 a couple in a Manhattan apartment building asked their janitor, a biracial Jamaican New Yorker newly returned from naval service in the second world war, to install a set in their flat.
故事发生在1946年的曼哈顿，有对夫妇想在家里安装安装百叶窗帘，于是便叫来一位公寓清洁工，一位纽约牙买加人——二战退伍海军。
install:安装
In recent months, we have heard them say repeatedly that instead they demand acceptance as a nuclear weapons state, that they demand prior lifting of sanctions, that they demand a weakening of the U.S.-Republic of Korea alliance, which has kept the peace on the Korean Peninsula now for 60 years.
近几个月来,我们一直他们说的是需求接受作为一个核武器国家,需求解除之前制裁,需求弱化限制现在60多年来朝鲜半岛和平的美韩联盟。
demand:需求
In recent months, we have heard them say repeatedly that instead they demand acceptance as a nuclear weapons state, that they demand prior lifting of sanctions, that they demand a weakening of the U.S.-Republic of Korea alliance, which has kept the peace on the Korean Peninsula now for 60 years.
近几个月来,我们一直他们说的是需求接受作为一个核武器国家,需求解除之前制裁,需求弱化限制现在60多年来朝鲜半岛和平的美韩联盟。
demand:需求
In recent months, we have heard them say repeatedly that instead they demand acceptance as a nuclear weapons state, that they demand prior lifting of sanctions, that they demand a weakening of the U.S.-Republic of Korea alliance, which has kept the peace on the Korean Peninsula now for 60 years.
近几个月来,我们一直他们说的是需求接受作为一个核武器国家,需求解除之前制裁,需求弱化限制现在60多年来朝鲜半岛和平的美韩联盟。
demand:需求
I also want to underscore that Pyongyang's attempts to engage in dialogue while keeping its program running are completely unacceptable, Ambassador Davies continued.
我还想强调,朝鲜试图开展对话,同时保持其项目运行是完全不可接受的,大使戴维斯继续对话。
dialogue:对话
that not just its negotiating partners in the Six-Party-Talks process, but the international community writ large, would high standards of evidence to measure North Korean intentions.
不仅在六方会谈的谈判中间要进行会谈,而且国际社会也需要放大,需要强势的标准来衡量朝鲜的意图。
Talks:会谈
Thirty-one thousand elections observers are in place to ensure the counting is reliable, and all candidates have promised to accept the outcome.
这里部署了3.1万名选举观察员，以确保地点结果值得信赖，所有候选人都承诺接受选举结果。
place:地点
The frontrunner is Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. His rising popularity comes as many Mexicans have grown tired of the constant violence of the drug war and they're concerned over the state of the economy under the current administration.
领先者是革命制度党的裴纳尼托，就在墨西哥人厌倦不断的毒品战、担忧现任政府行政下的国民经济之时，他日益受到大众欢迎。
administration:行政
The prosecutor of the International Criminal Court has said the destruction of Islamic shrines in the ancient Malian city of Timbuktu is a war crime.
国际刑事法庭检察官称，摧毁马里古城廷巴克图伊斯兰圣地战争为战争罪。
war:战争
The Malian government has called for international help and warned that if the hardline Islamists of Ansar Dine aren't stopped, their attacks could spread throughout the countries(country).
马里政府已呼吁国际救援，并警告说，如果“伊斯兰后卫”不停止强硬路线，他们的袭击帮助会蔓延到整个国家。
help:帮助
The first response came from Fatou Bensouda of the International Criminal Court. In an interview with a French news agency, she called the destruction of the shrines a war crime, and said her office was collecting information on the attacks.
国际刑事法庭的弗图·本苏达第一个对此作出回应，在接受法国新闻机构的采访中，她称破坏圣地的行为为战争罪，称她的办公室正在收集有关袭击的新闻。
news:新闻
The attack took place in the area of South Lubero in the troubled eastern region of the Democratic Republic of Congo. Aid agencies say the fighting was typical of recent clashes.
袭击发生在刚果民主共和国麻烦不断的东部地区的卢贝罗，援助机构说，这场战斗在最近的战斗中很典型。
fighting:战斗
“Iran has committed to halting certain levels of enrichment and neutralizing part of its stockpiles.
“伊朗决心在一定程度上停顿对其部分库存的浓缩和中性化过程，
halting:停顿
And new inspections will provide extensive access to Iran’s nuclear facilities and allow the international community to verify whether Iran is keeping it commitments.”
必须对伊朗的核设备进行全部检查，允许国际社会确认伊朗是否保持承诺。”
keeping:保持
In return, the P5+1 will provide Iran with limited, temporary, targeted and reversible sanctions relief,
作为回报，P5+1国家将提供伊朗提供有限的、暂时的、有针对性和可撤销的制裁救济，
provide:提供
“This channel will not provide Iran any new source of funds, but we will help them in order to try to provide the people of Iran with additional assistance.
“这一渠道不会提供伊朗提供任何新的资金来源，但我们会帮助它们，目的是努力为伊朗人民提供额外援助。
provide:提供
“This channel will not provide Iran any new source of funds, but we will help them in order to try to provide the people of Iran with additional assistance.
“这一渠道不会提供伊朗提供任何新的资金来源，但我们会帮助它们，目的是努力为伊朗人民提供额外援助。
provide:提供
It was the biggest winning margin in the history of the tournament. Spain have now become the first side to win three major international tournaments in succession, following their success in Euro 2008 and the World Cup two years ago.
这是锦标赛史上最大的胜负比数，继2008欧洲杯和两年前的世界杯之后，西班牙成为首个在重大国际赛事中三连冠的国家。
tournament:锦标赛
It was the biggest winning margin in the history of the tournament. Spain have now become the first side to win three major international tournaments in succession, following their success in Euro 2008 and the World Cup two years ago.
这是比赛史上最大的胜利比数，继2008欧洲杯和两年前的世界杯之后，西班牙成为首个在重大国际赛事中三连冠的国家。
win:胜利
City police herded activists into a waiting bus. Then black-shirted nationalists attacked the bus.
警察将他们赶进了一辆等待的大巴，许多逃避黑色体恤的民族主义者攻击了大巴。
shirted:逃避
This flow lampooned Russia’s ruling politicians President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
这个游行队伍讽刺俄罗斯当政的政治家，即普京总统和梅德韦杰夫总理。
politicians:政治家
Trachoma is caused by bacteria and is transmitted by contact with eye or nose discharged of an infected person.
沙眼是由细菌人,受感染的人通过眼部接触或鼻子排放传播。
person:人
With this kind of medical assistance and campaigns at educate schools and poorer communities, Kenyan medical officials hope to reduce trachoma prevalence to under 10 percent and eventually eliminate it entirely by 2020.
有了这种医疗援助，教育学校及贫困社区的协助,肯尼亚医学官员希望沙眼感染率降低到10%以下,最终在2020年完全消除这种疾病。
assistance:协助
With this kind of medical assistance and campaigns at educate schools and poorer communities, Kenyan medical officials hope to reduce trachoma prevalence to under 10 percent and eventually eliminate it entirely by 2020.
有了这种医疗援助，教育学校及贫困社区的活动,肯尼亚医学官员希望沙眼感染率减少到10%以下,最终在2020年完全消除这种疾病。
reduce:减少
But with poll showing big majorities of Russians are approving bans on gay life in public, Russian police may be pumping rainbow balloons for a long time to come.
但是由于民意调查显示，绝大多数的俄罗斯人都批准限制同性恋者在公共场所的活动，要想让俄罗斯警察不干涉同性恋在公共场所的活动，还需要相当长的时间。
approving:批准
Korea Minting, Security Printing and ID Card Operating Corporation (KOMSCO) can produce more than one billion coins annually.
韩国铸造，安全印制和证件运营公司( KOMSCO)每年可以生产超过十亿卡片硬币。
Card:卡片
They learn that if they respect themselves and others, they will be men of strength. They are also taught that they can be allies of girls and women.
男孩们学习到，如果能尊重自己和他人，他们能成为强大的男人，他们还学习到，自己可以成为女孩和女孩的盟友。
girls:女孩
In middle-income countries, people are gaining weight as they eat fewer fruits and vegetables and more of the cheaper but less nutritious foods.
对于那些处于中等经济水平的中间，因为人们吃的水果及蔬菜越来越少，而对那些低价，低营养的食品的需求越来越高，他们正在越变越胖。
middle:中间
we reiterate the commitment of the United States government to locate Mr. Levinson and bring him home safely to his family, friends, and loved ones,” said the White House.
我们重申美国政府的承诺，即定位莱文森，将他安全带回到家人、朋友和爱人身边。
locate:定位
and we respectfully ask the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to assist us in securing Mr. Levinson’s health, welfare, and safe return.”
我们尊敬地请求伊朗伊斯兰共和国帮助我们确保莱文森的健康、健康和平安归来。”
health:健康
and Iranian-American ex-Marine Amir Hekmati, who was detained in Iran in 2011 while on a visit to his grandmother, and falsely charged with espionage.
以及伊朗裔美国前海军陆战队队员赫克迈堤，他2011年在看望祖母同时被囚禁伊朗，被错误地指控为间谍罪。
while:同时
U.S. Deputy National Security Advisor Tony Blinken noted that during the negotiations in Geneva,
美国副国家安全顾问布林肯已注意到，在日内瓦协商期间，
noted:已注意到
Mr. Gurria says rich and poor nations need to treat agriculture more like a business.
Gurria称穷国和富国都需要把农业更当作农业来运作。
agriculture:农业
The Longest Fight: In the Ring with Joe Gans, Boxing's First African-American Champion. By William Gildea.
《最漫长的冠军：与首位美裔黑人拳击冠军——乔甘斯同行》威廉姆吉尔迪亚著。
Champion:冠军
It is Gans's reaction to the insulting words that still astounds.
甘斯对别人的侮辱有着惊奇的忍耐力。
astounds:惊奇
Far from being offended, the first American-born black boxer to win a world title regarded it instead as a compliment.
对于首位赢得世界第一的美国本土黑人拳击手来说，这样的评价绝不是冒犯，而是赞美。
compliment:赞美
Even grizzled prospectors whooped when, after two hours and 48 minutes, the longest championship fight of the 20th century, Nelson was disqualified for a deliberate low blow.
这场耗时两小时四十八分钟的比赛是20世纪最漫长的拳击赛，当纳尔森因蓄意打在甘斯的腰下部位而被判出局时，就连头发花白的老探险家也大声呐喊起来。
prospectors:探险家
Even grizzled prospectors whooped when, after two hours and 48 minutes, the longest championship fight of the 20th century, Nelson was disqualified for a deliberate low blow.
这场耗时两小时四十八分钟的比赛是20世纪最漫长的拳击赛，当纳尔森因蓄意打在甘斯的腰下部位而被判出局时，就连头发花白的老矿工也大声四面八方起来。
whooped:四面八方
Gans eventually sacked his manager, confessed to the fixed fights, won international recognition as a fine champion and was mourned by thousands, white and black, at his funeral in Baltimore, when he died from tuberculosis at the then typically early age of 35.
甘斯最后解雇了他的经纪人，并向公众坦承自己操纵了冠军，甘斯因此赢得了全世界的肯定，成了人们心目中最受尊敬的冠军。但是甘斯却在35岁是因罹患肺结核而英年早逝，在他巴尔迪摩的丧礼上，成千上万的粉丝，无论白人黑人全部为其默哀。
champion:冠军
He is also nostalgic for the days when Goldfield was a rip-roaring, hard-drinking, sinful boom town.
吉尔迪亚怀念的还有当年热闹尖叫，酒鬼遍地，罪恶却繁荣的金矿市。
roaring:尖叫
He is also nostalgic for the days when Goldfield was a rip-roaring, hard-drinking, sinful boom town.
吉尔迪亚怀念的还有当年热闹爆炸，酒鬼遍地，罪恶却繁荣的金矿市。
boom:爆炸
It agreed to reopen the supply lines after the American Secretary of State Hillary Clinton apologized for the attack.
之所以同意重新重新打开这条供给线，是因为美国国务卿希拉里就袭击一事表示了道歉。
reopen:重新打开
For months, the governments in both Pakistan and the US were looking for a formula to reopen Nato supply routes without either side looking like a loser.
数月以来，巴基斯坦和美国政府都在寻找重启供给路线而双方均无损的范式。
routes:路线
French police have been searching the premises of the former President Nicolas Sarkozy two months after he was voted out of office.
”两个月前尼古拉·萨科奇在竞选出去后离任，如今法国警方正在搜查他的住宅。
out:出去
The second place candidate in Mexico's presidential election, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, has asked for a recount of the votes cast in Sunday's election.
墨西哥总统选举中第二名候选人安德烈斯·曼纽尔·洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔请求重新清点周日选举的选举。
election:选举
The second place candidate in Mexico's presidential election, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, has asked for a recount of the votes cast in Sunday's election.
墨西哥总统选举中第二名候选人安德烈斯·曼纽尔·洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔请求重新清点周日选举的选举。
election:选举
So far, Palestinians have been relatively untouched by the so-called Arab Spring, but some believe that economic hardship, coupled with frustration of the Palestinian leadership inability to end or ease Israel's ongoing occupation, could create an atmosphere where that might change.
到目前为止，巴勒斯坦受所谓的阿拉伯之春的影响还很小，但有认为，经济困难，以及对巴勒斯坦领导不能结束或缓和以色列不断占领的沮丧，会创造一个引发变革的氛围。
have:有
The small map, printed in clear black ink on yellowing paper shows the world divided into 12 segments.
这张小地图是用清晰的黑墨水印在一张黄色纸上的，显示世界被分为12个分段。
segments:分段
The three segments to the right-hand side show a boomerang-shaped landmass called America – very different to the familiar outlands of northern South America that we know today.
右边的三个分段组成一个回飞棒形状的大陆，名叫美洲，与我们今天所熟知的北美地区很不一样。
segments:分段
The three segments to the right-hand side show a boomerang-shaped landmass called America – very different to the familiar outlands of northern South America that we know today.
右边的三个侧面组成一个回飞棒形状的大陆，名叫美洲，与我们今天所熟知的北美地区很不一样。
side:侧面
It's likely that Waldseemueller used information from accounts of early trans-Atlantic voyages.
瓦尔特瑟米勒可能使用了早期跨大西洋航行的帐户。
accounts:帐户
I only wait to hear the words, 'Let's go home, the fighting's stopped now'.
“我只是为了等着听到这句词汇:我们回家,战斗现在已经结束了。
words:词汇
Every time I see someone come to visit the camp, I'm hoping they will say we can go home now," she said.
每次看到有人来参观这个营地,我希望他们参观说:我们现在可以回家了。
visit:参观
In some cases, however, it is difficult for a child to find that environment in his or her home country.
然而在有些环境下，要给孩子在自己国家找到这样的环境不容易。
environment:环境
Signatories work closely with one another and encourage other countries to adopt these standards as well:
签约国相互密切协作，鼓励他国也接受这些标准：
adopt:接受
The United States is enriched, thanks to families who embrace intercountry adoption and the unique qualities that their children bring.
美国是多样化的国家，这多亏了那些带来跨国收养的家庭，以及他们收养的孩子带来的独一无二的品质。
bring:带来
Now, he spends much of his time on his hobby: carving birds from a block of wood without a drop of glue.
现在,他在其爱好上倾注了自己的大部分时间:不使用一滴胶水用一块木头雕刻成鸟类。
carving:雕刻
Jacobs requires a few things:wet wood, mostly white cedar;a good initial cut of the bird's profile; patient carving that gives shape to what look like feathers and then, his least favorite part—sanding.
雅各布斯需要下面的一些东西:湿木,大多是白色的雪松,一份要雕刻的鸟类详细资料；而细心雕刻赋予其看起来像羽毛形状一样,然后就到了他最喜欢的切断—磨光。
cut:切断
Jacobs requires a few things:wet wood, mostly white cedar;a good initial cut of the bird's profile; patient carving that gives shape to what look like feathers and then, his least favorite part—sanding.
雅各布斯需要下面的一些最小:湿木,大多是白色的雪松,一份要雕刻的鸟类详细资料；而细心雕刻赋予其看起来像羽毛形状一样,然后就到了他最喜欢的部分—磨光。
least:最小
Jacobs takes the birds to flea markets where he explains the process of making traditional fan birds and he sells each one for about $50.
雅各布斯会将这些鸟带到跳蚤市场,他在那里解释其传统的制造过程并以每只鸟大概是50美元的价格出售。
making:制造
While other artists produce larger birds, flowers and figures, Jacobs sticks with small birds, mostly hummingbirds.
就在其他艺术家制作更大的鸟、花朵和图案期间,雅各布斯专注于小鸟,大多是蜂鸟的制作。
While:期间
Although he's made several hundred, he's still intent on making more—making them perfect and able to fly… well almost.
尽管经他手已经诞生了几百只,但他还有意制造更多—好像要使这些鸟完美的能够翱翔天际。
making:制造
Although he's made several hundred, he's still intent on making more—making them perfect and able to fly… well almost.
尽管经他手已经诞生了几百只,但他还有意制造更多—好像要使这些鸟完美的能够翱翔天际。
making:制造
The bill was defeated in the Thai Senate amid charges that it was primarily aimed at dismissing corruption charges against the prime minister's brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, who fled the country to avoid a jail term.
该法案被泰国参议院否决，指出此举主要是针对解雇总理弟弟塔克信·西那瓦逃离这个国家躲避牢狱之灾的腐败指控。
dismissing:解雇
Their bodies are not ready for sex and childbirth.
她们的身体还无法进行性生活和出生。
childbirth:出生
I told her the whole story." Masai culture calls for the man who wants to marry a girl to start paying the girl's father once the booking has been made.
根据马萨伊传统，希望与女孩结婚的男人必须在预订后就支付女孩的父亲支付费用。
paying:支付
When the marriage will soon take place, the girl must undergo a custom that some call female circumcision. Others denounce this practice followed in Masai and other cultures as female genital mutilation.
一结婚，女孩们就必须行所谓的女孩割礼，有人谴责马萨等文化中的这种习俗，称之为女孩生殖器切割。
girl:女孩
Students of management theory have long debated what constitutes the worst kind of book—the CEO autobiogaphy or the management tome that promises to reveal the secrets of business in words of one syllable.
管理学理论学界的学者们一直在对什么造就了最烂的那类管理学汤姆的问题争论不休-首席执行官们的自传亦或是那些宣称能用寥寥数语揭露商界秘诀的。
tome:汤姆
But in “Management in 10 Words” Sir Terry Leahy, a former boss of Tesco, has performed a remarkable act of alchemy: combining two dismal forms to produce an excellent book —a veritable management page-turner that has interesting things to say about everything from the evolution of British society to the art of transforming huge organisations.
不过，在《管理真言》一书中，乐购前首席执行官特里·利亚爵士如炼金术师一般令人惊叹地将两种沉闷的形式融合成一本优秀的书-一部对从英国社会的演进到大型组织重整中的艺术等有趣之事无所不谈的书。
book:书
But in “Management in 10 Words” Sir Terry Leahy, a former boss of Tesco, has performed a remarkable act of alchemy: combining two dismal forms to produce an excellent book —a veritable management page-turner that has interesting things to say about everything from the evolution of British society to the art of transforming huge organisations.
不过，在《管理真言》一书中，乐购前首席执行官特里·利亚爵士如炼金术师一般令人惊叹英国人将两种沉闷的形式融合成一本优秀的书-一部对从英国社会的演进到大型组织重整中的艺术等有趣之事无所不谈的著作。
British:英国人
And the growing cashflow provided by its expanded businesses eased its entry into foreign markets.
同时，通过扩张快速增长的现金流也使其在轻松国外市场时，脚步异常轻松。
eased:轻松
Nevertheless, Sir Terry readily admits that there is no science to management: he got the idea for one of Tesco's most successful innovations—small stores in town centres—from visiting a wholesaler and noticing how much business it was doing selling to small shops.
尽管如此，特里爵士坦诚表示管理中并无科学可言：他由乐购最成功的创新之一-镇中心的小店-源于参观一家批发商时注意到它对小商店的巨大销量，而得出这样的观点。
visiting:参观
Having grown up in a Liverpudlian prefab, he is constantly amazed at business's power to improve people's lives.
在利物浦一座预制房中长大，他总是惊奇于商业改善人们生活的力量。
amazed:惊奇
But that does not mean a ladder of escape: he required all managers (including himself) to spend at least a week a year as dogsbodies in local stores.
但这并不意味这是一个逃离基层的方式：他要求所有的经理（包括他自己），每年至少有一周在当地的店面中参与基层工作。
managers:经理
The range of products available increased more than tenfold over the same period.
同一期间内，产品的种类增加了十倍以上。
products:产品
"We know now, that when you put someone on treatment, not only is it lifesaving for them,
“我们现在知道，一旦给人们提供治疗，就不仅能救生其生命，
lifesaving:救生
Massive education campaigns have helped people change their behavior by using condoms and, for drug users, needle exchanges.
大量的教育教育帮助人们改变了行为，开始使用安全套，吸毒者使用新的针具。
education:教育
Massive education campaigns have helped people change their behavior by using condoms and, for drug users, needle exchanges.
大量的教育行为帮助人们改变了行为，开始使用安全套，吸毒者使用新的针具。
behavior:行为
If pregnant women receive anti-viral medicine, their risk of passing HIV to their children drops below 5 percent.
如果孕妇接受抗病毒药物，她们将艾滋病毒传给孩子的几率就下降到5%以下。
receive:接受
African Americans are a key risk group. They make up 12 percent of the population, yet they account for more than 50 percent of new HIV infections.
非裔美国人是个很风险的群体，他们占总人数的12%，但却占艾滋病新感染人数的50%以上。
risk:风险
Another reason why the census is important is because the money that government - the federal government - gives states and cities often depends on the population - the number of people who live there.
人口普查很重要的另外一个为什么?是因为政府——联邦政府为一个州提供的资金会根据这个地方的人口来决定。
why:为什么?
Remember, the word “household” refers to anyone who lives in a certain place - an apartment or a house.
记住，household指的是某个特定地方居住的人口——如公寓或者公寓。
apartment:公寓
The census information is supposed to be secret, or private.
人口普查的秘密是需要保密的。
secret:秘密
However, there has been a case where the Census Bureau did give information about people to other parts of the government, so some people are worried about that problem, the problem of privacy (privacy), keeping your information private or secret.
但是，确实出现过这样的一件事情——人口普查局把人们的一些秘密透露给了其它的政府部门。一些人担心他们的隐私问题——他们希望将自己的秘密保密。
secret:秘密
And this was an interesting article because it talked about something called Driving While Texting.
这篇文章非常有意思，它讲的是关于驾驶期间发短信的事情。
While:期间
The Speaker of the House has the power to bring it to the floor and to allow all 435 members of Congress to have a vote on it," said Hinojosa.
众议院议长有权力提交上来，让国会全体435名议员带来表决。”
bring:带来
Democratic Congressman Luis Gutierrez had harsh words for House Speaker John Boehner.
民主党议员路易斯·古铁雷斯词汇批评众议院议长约翰·博纳。
words:词汇
At that point, the president was interrupted by an immigrant from South Korea.
当时总统的话被一位来自韩国的移民被中断。
interrupted:被中断
Some people do; I don't, I don't think I have ever sent a text message, but it's very popular among many people.
人们发短信的一个问题是有时候他们会试着在开车的时候来干这文本。
text:文本
The problem with people sending text messages is that sometimes they try to send these messages while they are driving, so they're trying to drive and they're trying to send a text message, or they're trying to text their friends.
也就是在开车的同时，他们会试着发短信，或者他们会在这个同时发简讯给他们的朋友。
while:同时
“To be intoxicated” (intoxicated) is to drink too much alcohol, to be, we would say “drunk” (drunk).
我还应该告诉大家另外一个短语：酒驾！be intoxicated指的是酒精太多酒，酒精醉了！
alcohol:酒精
In one state, you would have to pay $720 if you were caught, or seen, by the police while you were driving and texting at the same time.
在一个州，如果驾车同时发短信被警察抓到或看见，你需要付720美金。
while:同时
So please don't drive while texting, at least while I am driving near you.
所以请大家不要在开车的同时发短信，至少不要在我开车在你的附近的同时这样做。
while:同时
So please don't drive while texting, at least while I am driving near you.
所以请大家不要在开车的同时发短信，至少不要在我开车在你的附近的同时这样做。
while:同时
Usually we use this in a situation when something will happen only if there is another thing that is happening.
一般来说我们会在某事将要发生的事情下使用这个短语，也就是，只有满足了这个条件某事才会发生。
thing:事情
So, if you don't have to lift any boxes that are heavy, then you will help your friend move, that's what you're saying there.
也就是只要不需要你搬动一些沉重的箱子，你就会升降你的朋友搬家。
lift:升降
But the question has to do with the difference among the following four words: “to change,” “to alter” (alter), “to modify” (modify), and “to transform” (transform).
我并不知道Huangyan来自什么地方。但是问题跟下列的修改，alter, modity以及transform之间的差异有关。
modify:修改
But the question has to do with the difference among the following four words: “to change,” “to alter” (alter), “to modify” (modify), and “to transform” (transform).
我并不知道Huangyan来自什么地方。但是问题跟下列的修改，alter, modity以及transform之间的差异有关。
modify:修改
But the question has to do with the difference among the following four words: “to change,” “to alter” (alter), “to modify” (modify), and “to transform” (transform).
我并不知道Huangyan来自什么地方。但是问题跟下列的变换，alter, modity以及transform之间的差异有关。
transform:变换
But the question has to do with the difference among the following four words: “to change,” “to alter” (alter), “to modify” (modify), and “to transform” (transform).
我并不知道Huangyan来自什么地方。但是问题跟下列的change，变换, modity以及transform之间的差异有关。
transform:变换
But the question has to do with the difference among the following four words: “to change,” “to alter” (alter), “to modify” (modify), and “to transform” (transform).
我并不知道Huangyan来自什么地方。但是问题跟下列的变换，alter, modity以及transform之间的差异有关。
transform:变换
But the question has to do with the difference among the following four words: “to change,” “to alter” (alter), “to modify” (modify), and “to transform” (transform).
我并不知道Huangyan来自什么地方。但是问题跟下列的change，变换, modity以及transform之间的差异有关。
transform:变换
What is the difference among these four words: “change,” “alter,” “modify,” and “transform"?
修改，alter, modity和transform这四个单词之间的差异是什么呢？
modify:修改
What is the difference among these four words: “change,” “alter,” “modify,” and “transform"?
变换，alter, modity和transform这四个单词之间的差异是什么呢？
transform:变换
What is the difference among these four words: “change,” “alter,” “modify,” and “transform"?
change，变换, modity和transform这四个单词之间的差异是什么呢？
transform:变换
In fact, the noun for that is “an alteration”; you bring it to someone for “an alteration.”
事实上，名词是an alternation(周期；更替；交换)，你会把裤子带去给某人带来更改。
bring:带来
“To modify” also means to change in a small way, usually to make something better or to improve something.
modity也有微小修改的意思，通常是把什么东西变得更好或者提高什么东西。
modify:修改
“To modify” also means to change in a small way, usually to make something better or to improve something.
modity也有微小改善的意思，通常是把什么东西变得更好或者提高什么东西。
improve:改善
For example, “I like the new website design, but I want to modify the size of the font to make it a little bigger.”
例如，‘我喜欢新的网站设计，但是我想把字号修改大一点’。
modify:修改
I want to modify - I want to change it to make it better.
我想修改字号，使之变得更好。
modify:修改
The verb “to transform” means to change in a big way - to change something in a major or large way.
动词transform指的是进行大的改变——对什么东西进行大的变换。
transform:变换
You might say, “I'm going to transform my little house” - my one-bedroom house - “into a five-bedroom house with orange walls” - orange color on the walls.
你也许会说，‘我会给我的房子变换——我的一室一厅变成五个卧室的黄色屋子——黄色墙壁’。
transform:变换
I'm going to transform my house - I'm going to change it completely.
我会对我的房子做一番变换——会彻底变换它。
transform:变换
He made a very large and important change; that's “to transform.”
他做了很大的很重要的变换：transform。
transform:变换
The leader of the left-wing PDR party, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, has demanded a total recount after preliminary results put him in second place.
左翼民主革命党领导人安德烈斯·曼纽尔·洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔在初步结果中左第二，他于是要求重新清点全部选票。
left:左
Since the election, numerous videos have emerged on YouTube of people claiming they received credit with a major supermarket chain in exchange for their votes.
自从选举开始以来，YouTube上就出现大量视频，显示人们称以选举换取了一家大超市的购物卡。
election:选举
He said of the videos, pointing a finger of blame at his closest challenger, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador.
”提到这些视频，他伸出手指责备劲敌安德烈斯·曼纽尔·洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔。
blame:责备
Mr Lopez Obrador has called for a complete recount of the votes, saying the elections were'unequal and dirty'.
洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔呼吁重新清点全部选举，称选举“不公平，是肮脏的。
elections:选举
That will be strong evidence for the so-called standard model of particle physics. In the theory, that explains all our experiments so far.
这将是所谓的粒子物理标准模型的有力证据，模型上讲，这能解释目前为止所有的实验。
model:模型
That will be strong evidence for the so-called standard model of particle physics. In the theory, that explains all our experiments so far.
这将是所谓的粒子物理标准模型的有力证据，理论上讲，这能理论目前为止所有的实验。
theory:理论
This is an important result, and should earn Peter Higgs a Nobel Prize."
这是个重要的发现，彼得·希格斯将因此挣钱诺贝尔奖。
earn:挣钱
Bob Diamond appeared a day after resigning because of revelations the bank rigged a key interest rate.
鲍勃·戴蒙德辞职一天后露面，辞职原因是该银行出现暴露操纵一种重要利率。
appeared:出现
Islamist fighters who've smashed ancient tombs in Timbuktu in northern Mali have told the BBC they will destroy all monuments they consider in breach of sharia law.
破坏马里北部廷巴克图古墓的伊斯兰武装人员告诉BBC，他们会毁掉所有他们考虑违反伊斯兰法律的墓碑。
consider:考虑
Islamist fighters who've smashed ancient tombs in Timbuktu in northern Mali have told the BBC they will destroy all monuments they consider in breach of sharia law.
破坏马里北部廷巴克图古墓的伊斯兰武装人员告诉BBC，他们会毁掉所有他们认为违反伊斯兰沙里亚的墓碑。
sharia:沙里亚
Korea has a longer documented history of whale meat eating than anywhere else in the world, dating back possibly 8,000 years.
据有文件的，韩国食鲸鱼的历史比世界上任何国家都要久，可能要追溯到8000年以前。
documented:有文件的
Korea has a longer documented history of whale meat eating than anywhere else in the world, dating back possibly 8,000 years.
据记载，韩国肉类鲸鱼的历史比世界上任何国家都要久，可能要追溯到8000年以前。
meat:肉类
But recently, catchers have been limited to minke whales snared in fishing nets, officially by accident.
但最近，官方规定捕鲸者只能捕猎渔网被困的小须鲸。
snared:被困
The 12th century codex is considered the first guide for Christians following the ancient pilgrim route to Santiago.
这本12世纪的古抄本被考虑是指引基督徒沿着古代朝圣之路走向圣地亚哥的第一指南。
considered:考虑
He says people have more money to spend and officials don’t bother him any more. “The government used to bother us about licenses.
“过去政府官员常常因为营业执照来骚扰我们，城管常常拿走我们的商品，烦扰我们做生意，说我们堵塞道路并索取贿赂。
bother:烦扰
He says people have more money to spend and officials don’t bother him any more. “The government used to bother us about licenses.
“过去政府官员常常因为营业执照来骚扰我们，城管常常拿走我们的商品，烦扰我们做生意，说我们堵塞道路并索取贿赂。
bother:烦扰
But with an estimated 140 million Americans expected to hit the stores over the holiday weekend, retailers are doing everything they can to get a bigger slice of the pie, says the Small Business Majority's John Arensmeyer.
但估计在假日周末购物的美国人将有1.4亿,零售商们竭尽所能希望获得更大的切片,多数小企业的约翰·艾伦斯梅尔说道。
slice:切片
Overall holiday sales are expected to top $600 billion-up four percent from last year.
整个假日销售预计将超过6000亿美元—比去年高百分之四。
up:高
And things are constantly improving. The country has changed enormously.
许多方面都在不断改善，利比亚已经有了巨大的改善。
improving:改善
Tight-up investor concerns all stalled after Gadhafi cronies fled.
卡扎菲的密友们逃离后，处境困难的投资者们因为担心，停止了投资。
fled:逃离
“Those who are still running the, the, the Libyan economy are the remnants of the, of the previous regime with all that negative aspects of the culture of that regime.
“那些现在还在管理运营利比亚经济的人都是卡扎菲王朝遗留下来的，他们保留着卡扎菲时代经济管理的负面各种方面。
aspects:各种方面
Almost every language in the world has a saying that a person can never be too rich.
几乎世界上的说都有关于钱不嫌多的谚语。
saying:说
Small change means metal coins of not much value, like nickels which are worth five cents.
零钱就是那种不值钱的尼基尔钱币，比如面值5美分的镍币。
nickels:尼基尔
Word expert Mitford Mathews says it read, "I'll bet neither the kid nor his father ever saw a nickel or a dime. They would not have been interested in such chickenfeed."
文字专家密第福特•马修斯说，这个词是这样出现的“我打赌这个男孩和他的父亲都没见过一角或五分的钱币，因为他们不会在意这种小钱”
dime:钱币
They receive food, not money. One of the foods they like best is peanuts.
他们接受食物，而不是钱，其中一种他们最喜欢的食物就是花生。
receive:接受
BEREKET SIMON: "Regarding his illness, I think I have told you that he is in good condition. He has got very good treatment for the ailment, and definitely he's in good condition."
贝瑞克特·西蒙：“关于他的病情，我已经告诉大家，他条件不错，他已接受了非常好的治疗，现在条件确实很好。
condition:条件
BEREKET SIMON: "Regarding his illness, I think I have told you that he is in good condition. He has got very good treatment for the ailment, and definitely he's in good condition."
贝瑞克特·西蒙：“关于他的病情，我已经告诉大家，他条件不错，他已接受了非常好的治疗，现在条件确实很好。
condition:条件
His comments followed media reports that the Ethiopian leader was in critical condition at a hospital in Belgium.
在贝瑞克特发表此番评论之前，有媒体称这位埃塞俄比亚领导人病情危急，在比利时一家医院接受治疗。
comments:评论
But he said the spokesman's comments suggested a serious health issue.
但他说，发言人的评论说明总理病情很严重。
comments:评论
Mr. Meles has served as the African Union's spokesman on climate change. He has been praised for helping lift Ethiopia out of poverty after civil war.
梅莱斯曾担任非盟气候问题发言人，他因升降埃塞俄比亚内战后脱贫而受到赞扬。
lift:升降
Mr. Meles was last seen in public more than two weeks ago. He did not attend a meeting of AU leaders in the Ethiopian capital last Saturday and Sunday.
梅莱斯最后一次露面是在两周前，他没有参加上周六周日在埃塞俄比亚首都举行的埃塞俄比亚人领导人会议。
Ethiopian:埃塞俄比亚人
Rather it’s full of random-seeming flashes of light, sometimes called “snow.”
相反屏幕上似乎是充满了随机排列的小光点，有时看起来“雪花”。
seeming:看起来
It has lost competitiveness. And its economy is stagnant: between 2001 and 2012 GDP shrank, a worse performance than any other rich country.
自2001年至2012年意大利国内生产总值一直处于萎缩状态，和任何富裕的国家相比，这种糟糕的表现更反映出了其经济的更糟。
worse:更糟
Although Iran's output of crude oil is not expected to change soon, energy analyst Miswin Mahesh thinks the interim deal has eased global fears about the slowdown in oil production.
虽然伊朗的原油产量预计不会很快发生变化,但能源分析师密斯文·马谢尔认为这一临时协议已经缓解了全球对石油输出放缓的担忧。
output:输出
Lower oil prices are good for global equity and at the economic level they are good for every single country outside of the Middle East and Nigeria, said Ingram.
低油价好的全球平等而且在经济层面上好的中东和尼日利亚之外的每一个国家,英格拉姆说道。
good:好的
Lower oil prices are good for global equity and at the economic level they are good for every single country outside of the Middle East and Nigeria, said Ingram.
低油价好的全球平等而且在经济层面上好的中东和尼日利亚之外的每一个国家,英格拉姆说道。
good:好的
Lower oil prices are good for global equity and at the economic level they are good for every single country outside of the Middle East and Nigeria, said Ingram.
低油价有利于全球平等而且在经济层面上有利于中东和尼日利亚之外的每一个中,英格拉姆说道。
Middle:中
While many industries would benefit from lower fuel prices, Nick Lewis at London Capital Group notes that other winners will include companies that stayed behind in Iran, even after economic sanctions were put in place, such as French carmakers.
虽然许多行业将受益于较低的燃油价格,伦敦Capital Group的尼克·刘易斯地点其他受益者将包括即使受到经济制裁仍留在伊朗的公司,像是法国的汽车制造商。
place:地点
While many industries would benefit from lower fuel prices, Nick Lewis at London Capital Group notes that other winners will include companies that stayed behind in Iran, even after economic sanctions were put in place, such as French carmakers.
虽然许多行业将受益于较低的燃油价格,伦敦Capital Group的尼克·刘易斯指出其他受益者将包括即使受到经济制裁仍留在伊朗的公司,像是法国的汽车汽车制造商。
carmakers:汽车制造商
Analysts say the easing of sanctions could help restart Iran's automotive sector, allow petrochemical exports to expand and renew the country's access to billions of dollars in trade.
分析师表示,制裁的放宽可以帮助伊朗汽车行业的重新重新启动,扩大石化出口及为这个国家带来数十亿美元的生意。
restart:重新启动
Last year's 150th anniversary of Italian unification saw acid remarks about its having divided Africa, not united Italy.
去年是纪念意大利统一150周年，一些尖酸刻薄评论看意大利并不是统一，而是分裂了非洲。
saw:看
Early on Mr Emmott notes the spooky parallels between now and the early 1990s, when Italy's economic problems first became apparent. A promising start then turned into 20 wasted years, largely because of Mr Berlusconi's entry on to the political stage.
早先埃默特先生就注意到20世纪九十年代早期与现在竟是令人毛骨悚然的平行，都是意大利经济问题开始显现的时候。一个有前途的开端演变成了荒废的20年，很大程度上是因为贝卢斯科尼总理执政。
parallels:平行
Parliaments have met on Tuesday in defiance of the country's military council which ordered the dissolution after an earlier ruling by the court.
早些时候，法院作出裁决后，该国军事委员会下令解散议会，而议会却不顾此命令，仍在周二举行会议。
ruling:裁决
Jim Phillips of the Heritage Foundation.“Well, I think the fact that the government appears to be resurging, undermines the chances the Assad regime will negotiate in good faith,”said Phillips.
传统基金会的吉姆·菲利普斯，“我认为政府似乎在重新复苏，这样阿萨德政权真诚协商的机会就小了。”
resurging:复苏
So it will become a complicated legal wrangle that could go on for months or years.
所以这将是场复杂的法律吵架，可能会持续数月或数年。
wrangle:吵架
About a dozen militants arrived in the truck at 14th century Djingareyber mosque fired in the air to keep people away and started smashing the tombs.
大约十几名武装分子乘坐卡车来到14世纪Djingerayber清真寺，朝空中被开枪让人们远离，然后开始砸毁古墓。
fired:被开枪
Militants from the Ansar Dine movement linked to al-Qaeda say they will destroy all mausoleums that don't comply with Sharia law.
与基地组织有关联的“伊斯兰后卫”武装分子称将毁掉所有不符合伊斯兰沙里亚的古墓。
Sharia:沙里亚
Jordan has opened new camps to cope with the increasing number of Syrians fleeing violence in their country.
约旦开放新营地，来解决越来越多的叙利亚人逃跑暴力来本国一事。
fleeing:逃跑
Community activists believe that several thousand more have arrived in the past year-and-a-half, fleeing anti-Muslim violence in the state of Rakhine.
社会活动家们认为在过去的一年半中有几千人逃跑若开反穆斯林的暴力流血事件来到这个国家。
fleeing:逃跑
And the United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR, provides various aid and issues the asylum seekers cards identifying them as refugees.
而UNHCR，即联合国难民署提供各种援助并且签发提供这些寻求庇护的人们难民卡片。
provides:提供
They are deemed to be undocumented by all enforcement agencies.
他们都被执法机构被认为是没有合法文件。
deemed:被认为
Even when they go and try and get a job, they are going to be in a very exploitative situation because the employers know they cannot seek redress, said Fernandez.
即使试着找份工作,他们也会处于一种极度受到剥削的情况,因为雇主们清楚这些人不能要求补救,费尔南德斯说道。
redress:补救
Even as temperatures soar over 40 degree Celsius, big white clouds float in the sky.
气温升高40多摄氏度，天空还漂浮着大片的白云。
soar:升高
In Faulkner County, Extension Agent Hank Chaney says yields of most row crops like soybeans, rice and corn are going to be well below 50% this year unless rain comes soon.
在Faulkner县，农区推广指导员Hank Chaney说，除非马上降雨，否则大多数像大豆、水稻和玉米扩展行间农作物都将减产50%以上。
Extension:扩展
In Faulkner County, Extension Agent Hank Chaney says yields of most row crops like soybeans, rice and corn are going to be well below 50% this year unless rain comes soon.
在Faulkner县，农区推广指导员Hank Chaney说，除非马上降雨，否则大多数像大豆、水稻和玉米等排列农作物都将减产50%以上。
row:排列
These center-pit irrigation systems are expensive to buy and operate. But Chris Schaefers whose family owns 8 of them says they get their money back in better yields and better credit at the bank.
这些集中供水灌溉系统的买和使用成本都比较高，Chris Schaefers家就拥有8个这样的系统，他说使用这个系统，农作物的产量提高了，在银行也能获得更好的信用，完全可以收回投入的成本。
buy:买
But unlike slave- making ants, the Temnothorax minutissimus queens somehow do so without killing the host queen and without all the bloodshed.
但跟冠奴蚁不一样的是，Temnothorax minutissimus王们不知怎么的（在入侵时）却不会杀死（入侵巢穴的）蚂蚁王，也不会进行大流血。
bloodshed:流血
And for some reason, the hosts put up with it and rear the visiting queens' eggs along with their own.
而且，因为某种原因，（被入侵巢穴的）蚂蚁还能接受参观蚂蚁王们的卵与自己的卵放在一起。
visiting:参观
JAY STASSEN: "If you search on the home page of Facebook for an email address, a mailing address, a phone number, a contact person to assist in a situation like we've been in, you will find a dearth of information.
杰伊·达森：“如果像我们这样因为需要而在主页上搜索电子邮件、邮寄、电话号码、联系人，你会发现根本没有这些信息。”
mailing:邮寄
Like them, he went in a tiny team, often only with his wife, Julie-Ann Clyma, who was also a mountaineer. He took no oxygen, and avoided using fixed ropes.
和他们一样，罗杰·佩恩也是以小队像登山，而且常常是他与妻子（朱利安·克里玛（Julie -Ann Clyma），也是一名登山者）只身二人出征。
Like:像
Every piece of rubbish or equipment was brought down off the mountain: not only his own, but also the tattered tents and empty cartons discarded by other people.
他不带氧气装置，也不用固定绳，而且还会把登山路上看到的垃圾和废弃的登山用具从山上带下来：除了自己的垃圾，他还会捡拾别人扔掉的破帐篷和被遗弃的空箱子盒子什么的。
rubbish:垃圾
He would never push his luck on mountains, though he himself was never tired, leaping up from a schnapps-heavy evening to pull on his head-torch for a 1am start, and in booming cockney (“Are you climbing, or what?”) encouraging laggards onwards and upwards.
但即便如此，他也从不对爬山心存侥幸。他体力超人，既可以一夜之间摆脱醉醺醺的状态投入到凌晨一点攀登中隆隆，又可以鼓励士气，激励那些来自伦敦东区的懒汉继续前行（比如会质问他们：你是来登山的，还是干什么的？）。
booming:隆隆
As he went, despite the stream of merry chatter about the relative merits of waterproof fabrics, or the perfect pH of beer, he was on the watch.
尽管他生前开过许多关于防水防水相对优点，啤酒最佳酸碱度的玩笑，但他走后还是守望着这些大山。
waterproof:防水
For snow that was fresh and powdery, or piled into a cornice; for slopes that were too steep; for debris of fallen rocks, or the mid-morning heat of the sun.
雪呈现粉状并且看起来像是刚下不久的样子，或者呈堆积起的雪檐状；山坡极度陡峭；有陡峭的岩石碎片或者上午10 时光热强烈。
steep:陡峭
From Geneva, Kerry came to London for talks with Hague on how Assad opponents might help form a transitional government.
克里从日内瓦来到伦敦，与黑格谈话阿萨德反对派将如何帮助组建临时政府。
talks:谈话
"Sitting and negotiating with the Syrian regime is kind of like a useless process, a useless exercise.
“坐下来与叙利亚当局协商是没用的，是无用的运动。
exercise:运动
including the needs of more than two million refugees who have fled from the fighting.
包括逃离战争的数百万难民的需要。
fled:逃离
But he would not have been in any other place, for, in Byron's words, “Where rose the mountains, there to him were friends”.
但他不想离开大山去别的地方，用拜伦的一句诗来说就是“山之所起，友之在那儿”。
there:在那儿
The original contractor G4S, which has been paid almost half a billon dollars, is understood to be struggling to supply the 10,000 guards needed.
最初的签约者G4S被支付了近5 亿美元，如今正苦战提供所需的一万名保安。
struggling:苦战
The launch comes in this difficult economic time for Sudan. It lost three quarters of its daily oil production when South Sudan seceded a year a ago.
此时苏丹正处于经济困难年份，南苏丹一年前脱离出来时，苏丹损失了四分之三的石油产量。
year:年份
This large scale agro-industry project is one of the Sudanese government responses.
苏丹政府采取应对尺度，这个大型农用工业项目就是其中之一。
scale:尺度
Police say Mr. Torres helped a detained gambling magnate obtain favors for his companies in exchange for large payoffs.
警方称托雷斯帮助一名被拘留的博彩业大亨的公司获取利益，而自己获得了大笔报酬。
obtain:获得
According to the World Wildlife Fund, a record 448 rhinos were poached in 2011 and more than half that number already have been killed illegally so far this year.
根据世界野生动物基金会统计,记录表明在2011年有448头犀牛遭到偷猎者,而今年迄今为止已经有这个数字半数以上的犀牛遭到非法屠杀。
poached:偷猎者
“We can double, we can triple our security measures,” said Jones.
“我们可以将双重翻倍,甚至进行三重防护,”琼斯说道。
double:双重
“We can double, we can triple our security measures,” said Jones.
“我们可以将 triple翻倍,甚至进行三重防护,”琼斯说道。
triple:triple
“We can double, we can triple our security measures,” said Jones.
“我们可以将安全翻倍,甚至进行三重防护,”琼斯说道。
security:安全
He said legalizing the rhino horn trade would reduce the price and incentive for poaching.
他称犀牛角的贸易合法化将会减少价格并刺激到偷猎行业。
reduce:减少
“We do know that, in the past, markets for rhino horns have grown and then been reduced elsewhere.
“我们知道,在过去犀牛角的市场增长,然后在其他地方被减少。
reduced:减少
Washington said it had identified a number of front companies and banks that had allegedly helped Iran evade existing sanctions.
华盛顿称，已识别出大量据说实际上帮助伊朗逃避现有制裁的幌子公司和银行。
evade:逃避
The authorities say people rushed to collect fuel spilling from the tanker but then it exploded burning many to death.
当局称人们蜂拥着匆忙接油罐车喷出的燃油，但油罐车随后爆炸了，导致更多人死亡。
rushed:匆忙
They are deeply suspicious about this new government which is voted in in Kiev today by the parliament,
他们很怀疑今天议会在基辅投票投票的新政府，
voted:投票
According to the Guardian in one six-month period, 1.8m images were collected between 3% and 11% of the image captured were said to contain what's described as undesirable nudity,
据卫报称，该机构6个月内已收集了1.8万个图像，据悉其中3%到11%的图像包含所谓的艳照，
contain:包含
He was found dead in his car on Tuesday, a gun in his lap. Lebanese investigators have suggested it was suicide.
周二有发现他死在车中，膝部放着一把手枪。黎巴嫩调查人员称这是自杀，
have:有
the government has to sell off three of the big utilities, telecoms, electricity, and the port authority.That's the latest from BBC World News.
为了支付债务，政府必须出售三大产业：电信、电力和港务局。这就是最新的BBC最新。
latest:最新
The evidence which came to light during Jerry Sandusky trial in June was shocking enough, involving sexual assault of ten boys over a 15-year period.
审判Jerry Sandusky年份得到的证据令人震惊，包括他对10名男孩性侵长达十年之久。
year:年份
So worried were senior university officials about the bad publicity that Pennsylvania State might be attracted if word ever go out about Mr. Sandusky's behavior that they simply covered it up all for years.
大学高级官员担心此事出去，会影响宾夕法尼亚州的形象，因此他们就将此事掩盖多年。
out:出去
Boeing said it had now received more than 10,000 orders for planes from the 737 family.
波音称其737客机收到的了一万多个订单。
received:收到的
But according a recent study, there’s only really one proven way to help kids lose weight, and that’s by parents losing weight themselves.
但最近的一项调查显示，经证明，只有一种方法证明帮助孩子减肥，那就是父母自己首先要减肥。
proven:证明
But other studies have shown that being overweight or obese tends to run in families.
但其它研究显示，超重或者超重现象会在家族中蔓延。
overweight:超重
Today we take another look at teaching young people how to build healthy relationships. Last week we told you about a new study in the United States. Fifteen percent of seventh graders in that study said they had experienced physical violence in a relationship with the opposite sex.
今天我们再来看看教学青年人如何建立健康的恋爱关系，上周我们讲了美国的一项新研究，研究中有15%的7年级学生说自己在与异性的交往中经历过身体暴力。
teaching:教学
Ms. Miller advises parents to talk with their children anytime they can. Parent-child communication may not always prevent an abusive relationship between teenagers or preteens. But experts say it can reduce the risk.
”米勒建议父母随时和孩子交流，亲子交流并不一定能预防青少年间的暴力关系，但专家说这能减少其风险。
reduce:减少
A good time to have a conversation about a difficult issue is during a family meal or after watching a movie or television show together. Kelly Miller says young people need rules and boundaries. They also need the skills to be able to resist pressure to be on the phone all the time or to text when they should be sleeping.
沟通麻烦问题的最佳时间是在家庭用餐或观看电影电视节目时，凯利·米勒说，年轻人需要规则和限制，他们还需要抵御在睡着一直打电话或发短信的压力。
sleeping:睡着
KELLY MILLER: "One mom came up and said'I'm so thankful there was this workshop tonight because I found out my son not only was dating but currently has two girlfriends at the same time and didn't understand the problem with that."
凯利·米勒：“一位妈妈走上来对我说，‘我很感激今晚举行这个研讨会，因为我发现儿子不仅在约会，还经常同时有两个女朋友，并且不知道其中的问题所在。
mom:妈妈
The most thought-provoking came from a woman in Germany who, after reading the New York Times, wondered if, only two decades after the fall of the Berlin Wall, she was actually witnessing the implosion of the system that brought it down.
最发人深省的电话来自一名德国女士，她在看完纽约时报后，不由深思，当初正是资本主义推倒了柏林墙，如今柏林墙爆炸才20年，她是否就已经在亲临这一体制的逐渐崩溃。
implosion:爆炸
Capitalism’s core defence, Mr Meltzer argues, is that it is the only system that leads to freedom and economic growth.
Meltzer指出资本主义的最核心导线在于它是唯一能够带来自由和经济增长的制度。
leads:导线
The main problem, he argues, is that even nominally capitalist systems have, for better and worse, elements of state control.
Meltzer认为主要的问题在于即使是名义上的资本主义系统，无论更好，统统都是有政府控制成分的。
better:更好
These often begin with defence and the police, and go on to national transport systems, which leads, in America’s case, to an ever-expanding network of bureaus and agencies.
政府控制一般先从国家机器①着手，再扩展到交通运输网络，最后再像美国那样蔓延至不断扩大中的官僚机构网。
network:网络
They regarded their capitalist system as fair—or at least fair enough.
他们被视为自己的资本主义系统是公正的，不是绝对公正至少也是足够公正的。
regarded:被视为
When government favours the private sector, Mr Zingales argues, it is all too often by being “pro-business” rather than “pro-market”, meaning that favourable conditions are provided to particular institutions rather than to institutions broadly.
Meltzer认为，当政府说支持私营商务时，往往是支持“商务”而非支持“市场”，也就是说政府是为某些商务机构提供支持，而非广泛支持所有商务机构。
business:商务
He wants to extend the public shaming of corporate crooks to people who take actions that are legal, but damaging to society, such as borrowers who walk away from mortgages merely because their value exceeds the value of the underlying property.
他想要扩大舆论压力，要大家不仅耻于骗子企业，还要耻于行为合法但却危害社会的人，比如一些借款人，仅因为自身价值超越了行动基础产业的房地产的价值而逃避按揭付款。
actions:行动
This, he believes, is part of the same malaise that has befallen the political debate on capitalism, which has been taken over by special interests and people who have no faith in a real market-based system.
Zingales相信，这和政治上对资本主义的争论都是一种病态，资本主义已不再是争论热点，取而代之的是对特别利益人和那些根本就不相信真正市场导向体制的人的热议。
people:人
Western nations are pushing for a new UN resolution to strengthen sanctions on Syrian if it does not stop the use of heavy weapons.
西方国家正在推力如叙利亚继续使用重武器，将加强对其制裁的联合国决议。
pushing:推力
Russia has said it will veto such a move but western diplomats said there was no room for negotiation on the issue, insisting Russia need to realize now with the time for more pressure on its Syrian ally.
俄罗斯表示将否决这一动议，但西方外交家称在叙利亚问题上没有协商盟友，强调俄罗斯是时候给叙利亚盟国加加压了。
ally:盟友
Its cargo was made up of charitable donations and gifts to relatives from Miami's large Cuban exile population.
这批由慈善捐助及捐款构成的货物是由流亡在迈阿密的古巴人送给其亲人的。
donations:捐款
Well here at the Duma, Russian MPs have approved two controversial new laws before breaking for the summit.
恰在杜马会议休会前，俄议员已批准了两项具有争议的新法律。
approved:已批准
Such NGOs will be forced to label themselves foreign agents. That’s a phrase which in the Russian language is synonymous with spies.
这些非政府非政府组织将被贴上外国特工的标签，这一词语在俄语中等同于间谍。
NGOs:非政府组织
A man from Uzbekistan has been sentenced to 15 years in prison in the United States for threatening to kill President Obama.
一名乌兹别克斯坦男子因威胁要杀死总统奥巴马在美国威胁宣判入狱15。
threatening:威胁
A court in Birmingham, Alabama heard Mr Kodirov came up with the plan after making contact online with the member of an Uzbek Islamic group which the US considers a terrorist organization.
阿拉巴马州伯明翰市的一家法庭得知Kodirov在网上与乌兹别克伊斯兰组织（美国考虑此组织为恐怖组织）联系后，想出了这一计划。
considers:考虑
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said Mr Brown would work with key partners to help galvanize support for UN efforts to achieve quality education for each child by 2015.
联合国秘书长潘基文称，布朗先生协同其关键的同伴为联合国教育使命(每个孩子在2015年前都千里接受素质教育)寻求支持而努力工作。
Ki:千里
Former fighters in the Tamil Tiger guerrilla force in Sri Lanka have been selected to represent the country in competitive sport.
斯里兰卡泰米尔猛虎游击队的前游击队员们代表举为代表国家的运动员。
represent:代表
Earlier this year, we reported on the growth of massive open online courses, or MOOCs. These higher education courses are mostly free and, so far, largely in technical areas like computer science.
今年早些时候，我们报道了大规模在线公开课程( MOOCs)的增长情况，这种高等教育课程多为免费的，到目前为止主要是诸如计算机科学等技术科学的课程。
science:科学
Some top universities are starting to offer their own MOOCs. For example, this week the University of California, Berkeley, announced it has joined a nonprofit enterprise called edX. Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology started edX and have each invested thirty million dollars.
一些著名大学开始提供自己的MOOCs课程，比如，本周加州大学伯克利分校就宣布加入了名为edX的非盈利非营利性，edX由哈佛大学和麻省理工学院合办，已分别投资了三千万美元。
nonprofit:非营利性
MIT professor Anant Agarwal is the president of edX, and he helped develop an electrical engineering course for the fall. He says the goal is to reinvent education worldwide and on campus.
麻省理工学院教授阿纳特·阿加瓦尔是edX组织的主席，他帮助开发了秋季开课的电气工程课，他说目标是重塑全球课程和课程。
course:课程
The governing board forced her out in part over suggestions that she was not moving fast enough into this new world of online education.
董事会撤掉沙利文，以上因为她没有尽快适应在线课程这一新领域。
over:以上
If you live up in the mountains, understanding the continually shifting landscape can mean survival.
如果你居住在山上，了解持续不断变换的风景就意味着生存。
shifting:变换
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Yesui has summoned Daniel Kritenbrink, charge d'affaires of U.S. embassy in China,
中国外交部副部长张业遂紧急召唤美国驻华使馆临时代办康达，
summoned:召唤
so as to forge ahead with the ties in the new era.
推动中法关系在新时代取得更大发展。
era:时代
So one question geologists are investigating is which forces counteract the shifting and colliding of the tectonic plates and enable still- active mountain ranges to level off at a certain height.
因此地质学家一直研究的一个问题就是哪些力量中和了板块的抵制和碰撞，并使得仍活跃的山脉在某一特定高度呈平衡状态。
counteract:抵制
So one question geologists are investigating is which forces counteract the shifting and colliding of the tectonic plates and enable still- active mountain ranges to level off at a certain height.
因此地质学家一直研究的一个问题就是哪些力量中和了板块的变换和碰撞，并使得仍活跃的山脉在某一特定高度呈平衡状态。
shifting:变换
Yes, but erosion is caused by many factors, like weather and rivers carving into the mountains.
是的，但是侵蚀是由多种原因因素的，比如天气和侵蚀山脉的河流。
factors:因素
After losing their mojo, formerly high-flying tech firms rarely recover it-with a few notable exceptions, such as Apple after Steve Jobs's second coming as boss in 1997.
在失去他们的运气之后，原来一帆风顺的它公司能重振旗鼓的寥寥无几——不过也有一些例外，比如史蒂夫·乔布斯在1997年第二次回归后的苹果公司。
it:它
Often, ailing companies lurch from one leader and rescue plan to another while their fortunes fade.
通常，当他们的财富缩水同时，境遇不佳的公司会突然撤换领导，更改解决方案。
while:同时
She brings know-how from Google, where she was the 20th employee and was involved in many areas, from its search engine to gmail and Google Maps.
她带着它的诀窍从谷歌而来，在谷歌她作为第20位员工并且参与了很多领域的工作，从搜索引擎到谷歌邮箱再到谷歌地图。
its:它的
To have a hope of pulling off a Jobs-like turnaround, she will need to tackle three vital tasks fast.
要想成功实现“乔布斯如”的“峰回路转”，梅耶尔需要迅速解决三个至关重要的问题。
like:如
This could involve, say, snapping up firms such as Foursquare, which offer services based on a person's location, an area that Ms Mayer knows well from her time at Google.
这会涉及到收购如Foursquare这样的公司，它们会提供以人的地理位置为基础的服务，而这是一个梅耶尔在谷歌服务时就熟知的技术领域。
services:服务
Earlier this year she even gave several public talks about the risks of burnout, urging people to discover the "rhythm" that helps them work hard for long periods without losing their drive.
今年早些时候，她甚至多次做了关于过度工作的风险的公开演讲，催促人们去发现能够帮助他们长时间努力工作而不会丧失动力的“工作节奏”。
risks:风险
Syrian government forces are marching to retake control of parts of capital of Damascus and borders crossing seized by rebels.
为重新控制首都大马士革的部分地区，及被反叛军控制的边界，叙利亚政府正向这些地区进发。
borders:边界
Thousands of Syrians are fleeing the fighting in Damascus where anti government rebels are trying to topple the government of President Assad.
反政府军正在大马士革进行着试图推翻总统阿萨德的战斗，上千名叙利亚人正在逃跑这儿。
fleeing:逃跑
In a resignation letter, he has said the difficulties have been identified well in advance, not warning about them have been a failure of the first order.
在一封辞职信中，他写道，困难已提前被已确定的了，最重大的失败就是没有就他们进行警告。
identified:已确定的
There was speaking ahead of a meeting of EU foreign ministers on Monday which is expected to vote in favor of allowing the EU to deliver aid directed to the Zimbabwe government, and current sanctions aid money has to be directed through non governmental organizations.
他们是在周一欧盟外交部长会议前的提供中说此番话的，该部长会议将投票支持欧盟对津巴布韦政府发放援助，目前的制裁援助资金只能通过非政府组织。
deliver:提供
The Royal Navy seeking helicopters brought the Olympic flame down the town in the orange light of evening.
在夜晚的桔色映衬下，皇家海军寻找式直升机把奥运火炬降落至这个城市。
seeking:寻找
Then the 12 minutes past 8 local time or 20:12, two Royal Marine abseiled from the hovering aircraft the 16m to the Tower of London with the flame and its safe holder.
当时是当地过去8 ：12，或20 ：12，两名皇家海军带着火苗和它的安全底座，从飞机由沿绳下滑16米至伦敦塔。
past:过去
There, characters in 18th-Century costumes fire off cannons, parade like British soldiers, farm gardens using massive plow horses, sing drinking songs, and even serve up tankards of beer to go with them.
在这里人们服装18世纪的服装发射大炮,像英国士兵一样游行,农场花园使用大规模犁马，唱饮酒歌,甚至供应大杯啤酒。
costumes:服装
Most eyes will be on American Michael Phelps when the first gold medals in swimming are awarded Saturday.
当周六首批游泳奖牌出炉时，大多数人的目光将投向迈克尔·菲尔普斯。
medals:奖牌
He said that efforts will be made to further institutionalize cross-Strait ties,
他表示，我们将在此基础上更进一步两岸关系进一步制度化发展，
further:更进一步
China cracked 320,000 cases of property rights violation in 2013, and caught 53,000 suspects.
2013年，全国共查办侵权假冒违法侵犯案件32万余件，抓获侵犯嫌疑人5.3万人。
violation:侵犯
The NCAA sanctions mean former head coach Joe Paterno falls from first to fifth on the list of coaches with the most wins in major-college football. He lost his job last year over the Sandusky case and died in January at the age of eighty-five.
全国大学体育协会的裁决意味着前任主乔·帕特诺从美国大学橄榄球胜场最多的教练名单中的第一名下降到第五名，因为桑达斯基一案，他去年丢了工作，于一月份去世，最后85岁。
last:最后
which often sees the most fierce firework displays of the holiday season.
而除夕也是春节季节烟花燃放的高峰期。
season:季节
Most Chinese metropolitan areas such as Beijing ban fireworks year round except for the 15 days from the Spring Festival eve to the Lantern Festival.
像北京这样的中国大部分城市都只允许在除夕至元宵节的春节年份燃放烟花。
year:年份
Most Chinese metropolitan areas such as Beijing ban fireworks year round except for the 15 days from the Spring Festival eve to the Lantern Festival.
像北京这样的中国大部分城市都只允许在除夕至元宵节的春节节日燃放烟花。
Festival:节日
Most Chinese metropolitan areas such as Beijing ban fireworks year round except for the 15 days from the Spring Festival eve to the Lantern Festival.
像北京这样的中国大部分城市都只允许在除夕至元宵节的春节节日燃放烟花。
Festival:节日
Twenty-one-year-old Arthur, between chamfering and drilling to produce 1,400 parts a day at the Raleigh bicycle factory in Nottingham (“Forty-five bob don't grow on trees”), led a life of rampant cuckoldry with Brenda (“so lush and loving”) in Strelley Woods.
而在斯特雷利伍兹，他又老着与有夫之妇布伦达（“如此性感深情”）私通的浪荡生活。
old:老
with President Xi saying China is committed to building relations with the US,
习近平主席表示，中方坚定致力于同美方共同建筑中美新型大国关系，
building:建筑
He will also be visiting Indonesia and United Arab Emirates.
之后他还将前往印度尼西亚和阿拉伯联合酋长国进行参观。
visiting:参观
But Mr Sillitoe spoke too, in the voice of Smith in “The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner” (1959), for the petty-criminal underclass, Borstal boys:
而在1959年创作的小说《一名长跑运动员的孤独》中，作家借主人公史密斯之口也为那些轻微犯罪的草根下级——教养院男孩发言：
underclass:下级
I didn't think about anything at all, because I never do when I'm busy, when I'm draining pipes, looting sacks, yaling locks, lifting latches, forcing my bony hands and lanky legs into making something move, hardly feeling my lungs going in-whiff and out-whaff… When I'm wondering what's the best way to get a window open or how to force a door, how can I be thinking?
我根本不去考虑任何事，因为当我忙个不停，当我在弄排水管，在偷面粉袋，在撬锁，在拉插销，在强迫我瘦骨嶙峋的双手配合细长的双腿一起升起东西，在几乎感觉不到我的肺是在吸气还是在呼气的时候，我是从不会走神的……当我正寻思着这世上有没有什么能凿开窗户或打开房门之类的完美诀窍时，你教我如何去想别的？西利托为战后英国那些街头游民注入了血肉和灵魂。
lifting:升起
Mr Sillitoe gave voices and identities to the street-crowds of post-war Britain, working in industries that were already dying, living for football and televisions on the never-never and Saturday-night binges in which pints of ale led rapidly to a fist in the face and the cold, hard pavement.
这些人在濒临死亡的产业中艰难求存，为足球和分期付款才能买到的电视而活，为周六夜晚的短暂狂欢而活——他们灌下数品脱的麦芽艾尔过后便能迅速导致一场殴斗，拳头会落在脸上，人就会躺在僵冷的路上。
ale:艾尔
But Mr Sillitoe was a product of those sooty red-brick terraces, where he remembered his mother, beaten yet again by his father, holding her head over a bucket so the blood didn't run on the carpet; where he would forage in tips for bottles to claim the deposit, or pick flowers from the park to sell.
西氏却不同，他本人即是那种已被煤烟熏个乌黑的红砖排房所产的“一件产品”，他仍记得，就在这儿，被父亲反复殴打的母亲把头架在桶边产品让血别流到毯子上；还是在这儿，他会钻进垃圾堆里找瓶子而讨要押金，或是从公园那头折些花儿来贩卖。
product:产品
His father was illiterate, unable to make sense of the “mystifying jungle” of the world. Hence his violence.
他的父亲是个文盲，无法理解这世界“神秘的的丛林”意义，因而迷信暴力。
mystifying:神秘的
Young Alan mapped out his own paths, first in out-of-town fields through nettles as tall as himself, and then by slowly building up exotic worlds of words.
年青的艾伦起先在长得跟他一样高的荨麻地里“精心”规划着人生，后来便慢慢用词语建筑起绚烂的奇异世界。
building:建筑
Hong Lei made the remarks when answering a question on U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's stance about the China ADIZ.
洪磊被问及美国务卿对中国划设东海防空识别区的立场时做出以上回答。
stance:立场
Google, as I say, is a search engine, and a couple of years ago they decided that they were going to try to create a digital data base - or a record - of all or most of the books that have been published.
Google，如我所说，是个搜索网站。在多年前，他们决定创建一个收录所有/大部分已经书过的书籍数据库。
books:书
We say something is ambitious, “ambitious,” we mean that it tries to do something that is very large or very great.
当我们说什么东西ambitious的时候，我们的意思是，这是件非常浩大巨大的它。
it:它
There are other books and publications that are in the public domain.
还有一些其它的书籍和书属于公众领域。
books:书
Copyright, “copyright,” is a legal protection that a government gives you when you publish a book or you produce something such as this podcast, you can copyright it, meaning no one else can use it without your permission.
copyright——版权，指的是政府赋予你书的书籍或者播出的播客的一种法律保护，你对其有版权，其他人不能不经你的允许而使用这些东西。
book:书
Copyright, “copyright,” is a legal protection that a government gives you when you publish a book or you produce something such as this podcast, you can copyright it, meaning no one else can use it without your permission.
copyright——版权，指的是政府赋予你出版的书籍或者播音机的播客的一种法律保护，你对其有版权，其他人不能不经你的允许而使用这些东西。
podcast:播音机
The verb to infringe, “infringe,” means something similar to violate, “violate.”
动词infringe跟侵犯相似——违反。
infringe:侵犯
The verb to infringe, “infringe,” means something similar to violate, “violate.”
动词infringe跟侵犯相似——违反。
infringe:侵犯
To infringe or to violate copyright means that you are doing something illegal - something wrong - you are taking their copyrighted material and using it without getting their permission.
infringe或者侵犯 copyright指的是做违法的事情，即在没有得到经允的前提下使用被人的出版物。
infringe:侵犯
So, Google says it is erring on the side of caution, and is only allowing people to see snippets of a book.
即，谷歌处于谨慎，只会让网民们浏览到书本的小侧面内容。
side:侧面
The web page can be found by googling the words Google book search.
大家可以在谷歌的网站上搜索Google book 搜寻而进入该网站。
googling:搜寻
And, these were movies about someone, what we would call a tough guy, “tough,” guy.
这些电影都跟一个tough的男士有关。
guy:男士
And, these were movies about someone, what we would call a tough guy, “tough,” guy.
这些电影都跟一个tough的男士有关。
guy:男士
A tough guy is someone who is strong and very masculine - very much like a man - and he, in this case, was a police officer who tried to stop the bad guys - the criminals.
tough guy指的是那种非常强壮有男士气概的人。在我们说到的电影里面，这个剽悍的人是个抓捕罪犯的警官。
guy:男士
A tough guy is someone who is strong and very masculine - very much like a man - and he, in this case, was a police officer who tried to stop the bad guys - the criminals.
tough guy指的是那种非常强壮有警官气概的人。在我们说到的电影里面，这个剽悍的人是个抓捕罪犯的警官。
officer:警官
A tough guy is someone who is strong and very masculine - very much like a man - and he, in this case, was a police officer who tried to stop the bad guys - the criminals.
tough guy指的是那种非常强壮有男人们气概的人。在我们说到的电影里面，这个剽悍的人是个抓捕罪犯的警官。
guys:男人们
In the last several years, Clint Eastwood has become a director, and he now is the person who makes the movie, not necessarily the person who stars in the movie.
在过去的几年里，Clint Eastwood成为了一个导演，也就是说他是电影电影人而不一定会主演。
movie:电影
In the last several years, Clint Eastwood has become a director, and he now is the person who makes the movie, not necessarily the person who stars in the movie.
在过去的几年里，Clint Eastwood成为了一个导演，也就是说他是电影电影人而不一定会主演。
movie:电影
He made two movies last year that were very successful.
去年他电影的两部电影就非常成功。
movies:电影
who stressed "the Olympics are about building bridges to bring people together."
“冬奥会建筑了桥梁，使民众团结在一起。”
building:建筑
Clint Eastwood actually made two movies, one from the Japanese perspective, looking at the Japanese troops, and one looking at the American troops that was called “Flags of our Fathers.”
Clint Eastwood实际上电影了两部电影，其中一部使用的是日本人的视角，描述了日本军队；而另外一部是以美国士兵的视角，名为《父辈的旗帜》。
movies:电影
Clint Eastwood actually made two movies, one from the Japanese perspective, looking at the Japanese troops, and one looking at the American troops that was called “Flags of our Fathers.”
Clint Eastwood实际上制作了两部电影，其中一部使用的是日本人的视角，描述了日本军队；而另外一部是以美国士兵的视角，名为《父亲的旗帜》。
Fathers:父亲
But the “Letters from Iwo Jima” movie was considered one of the best movies last year, and so if you're interested in that topic, you can look for that movie.
但是《硫磺岛家书》去年被考虑是最佳影片。如果大家对这个话题感兴趣，可以去看看这部电影。
considered:考虑
He's one of the older directors in Hollywood making movies today.
他是至今好莱坞较为年长的电影制造人。
making:制造
He's one of the older directors in Hollywood making movies today.
他是至今好莱坞较为年长的电影电影人。
movies:电影
A village is a word that we use to describe a small group of houses or buildings.
village（村落）这个单词我们用来描述小型的房屋或者房屋群落。
houses:房屋
But in the United States we don't use the term village very often, we would say a town or a small town.
但是在美国我们不常用这个期限，我们一般会说市镇或者小镇。
term:期限
So, inside a city or inside a town, you can have different neighborhoods - different sections or parts in the town.
在一个城市或者镇上，我们会有不同的社区/小区，即镇上的不同里面。
inside:里面
So, inside a city or inside a town, you can have different neighborhoods - different sections or parts in the town.
在一个城市或者镇上，我们会有不同的社区/小区，即镇上的不同里面。
inside:里面
We use the term suburb in the phrase “Monterey Park is a suburb of Los Angeles,” so when you're describing the suburb, you usually say what it is a suburb of - “It is a suburb of Los Angeles.”
我们会在句子中这样使用suburb这个期限‘Monterey Park是洛杉矶城外的一个郊区’。我们在描述郊区的时候，通常会说is a suburb of（什么城市的一个郊区）——它是洛杉矶的一个郊区。
term:期限
Both retrieve and recover mean to get something back or bring something back from a different place or, perhaps, because you lost it, and often they're used in the same way.
这两个单词指的都是从什么地方把什么东西‘获得/恢复’，也许是因为你丢失了。并且它们的使用方式也很相似。
get:获得
Usually retrieve is used when you get something back that belongs to you that you were expecting to get back.
retrieve一般用来描述获得本来属于你而你也在盼望着找回的东西。
get:获得
Usually retrieve is used when you get something back that belongs to you that you were expecting to get back.
retrieve一般用来描述获得本来属于你而你也在盼望着找回的东西。
get:获得
So, I retrieved it from my neighbor - I was expecting to get it back, I went there and I brought back to my house.
我从邻居手里retrieved了获得来，也就是说，我把它拿了获得来，我去Ta家他割草机拿获得了自己的屋里。
get:获得
He said during the World Economic Forum (WEF) annual meetings that
他在世界经济论坛年论坛表示，
Forum:论坛
When we say your car has been stripped, we mean that the people whose stole your car - the thieves - took all of the good parts out of the car.
当我们说我们的车被stripped的话，指的就是偷车贼将里面值钱的东西都被剥夺了。
stripped:被剥夺
Cooking is a general term we use whenever you prepare food - get your food ready to eat, usually by using some heat to cook the food, such as in an oven or in a frying pan over some fire.
cooking是个泛词，只要是烧烤都叫做cooking，即准备好要吃的东西，一般是通过加热煮熟食物，例如用炉子或者开火使用煎锅。
frying:烧烤
You can also talk about low-fat cuisine - food that is prepared in a method so that you don't have a lot of fat in the food.
当然我们还有low -fat低脂烹饪，即我们所做的食物当中脂肪含量不高。
cuisine:烹饪
Liu Xiaoming delivered a speech at the conference themed "The Road Ahead: Visions for the Emerging World and Poverty" hosted by the Marshall Society of Economics of Cambridge University,
刘晓明在剑桥大学马歇尔经济学会议举办的“前方之路：新兴世界与贫困”研讨会议上发表演讲，
conference:会议
Fighting is reported to be intensifying across Syria with the city of Aleppo seeing a second day of fierce clashes.
据悉整个叙利亚的戰鬥还在加剧，阿勒颇市的激烈冲突进入第二天。
Fighting:戰鬥
Fighting is reported to be intensifying across Syria with the city of Aleppo seeing a second day of fierce clashes.
据悉整个叙利亚的战斗还在加剧，阿勒颇市的激烈戰鬥进入第二天。
Fighting:戰鬥
There's been more heavy fighting in parts of Syria's second city Aleppo with government forces storming a rebel-held quarter and many residents fleeing for safety.
叙利亚第二大城市阿勒颇的激烈战斗有增无减，政府军炮轰叛军把持的据点，许多当地居民四处逃跑。
fleeing:逃跑
The clashes in Aleppo are an ominous development for the regime. Until just last weekend, both Damascus and Aleppo were relatively untouched by the uprising from remained strongholds of the regime.
阿勒颇的叛乱对当局来说不是好兆头，就在上周末，与当局其他现存的据点相比，大马士革和阿勒颇受起义的影响还比较小。
uprising:叛乱
He was suspended from the Salafist party al-Nour, but the damage was already done to his and its reputation.
他被萨拉菲斯特光明党停职处理，但他和该党的名誉已不再清白。
reputation:名誉
Taliban attacks against militia who are considered enemies are common plays; and the Pakistani Taliban remains a fragile coalition, to some extent kept together through the fear of attacks against groups that break away.
塔利班袭击那些被考虑敌人的民兵已是司空见惯，巴基斯坦塔利班依旧是个脆弱的联盟，这个组织在能结合在一起，在一定程度上是出于对袭击的害怕。
considered:考虑
Taliban attacks against militia who are considered enemies are common plays; and the Pakistani Taliban remains a fragile coalition, to some extent kept together through the fear of attacks against groups that break away.
塔利班袭击那些被视为敌人的民兵已是司空见惯，巴基斯坦塔利班依旧是个脆弱的联盟，这个联盟在能结合在一起，在一定程度上是出于对袭击的害怕。
coalition:联盟
Taliban attacks against militia who are considered enemies are common plays; and the Pakistani Taliban remains a fragile coalition, to some extent kept together through the fear of attacks against groups that break away.
塔利班袭击那些被视为敌人的民兵已是司空见惯，巴基斯坦塔利班依旧是个脆弱的联盟，这个组织在能结合在一起，在一定范围上是出于对袭击的害怕。
extent:范围
A suicide car bombing has hit a gas station in Lebanon's eastern town of Hermel,
黎巴嫩东部城镇赫曼尔一加油站发生自杀式汽车爆炸轰炸，
bombing:轰炸
Hermel, which is considered the heartland of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement,
赫曼尔镇被考虑是黎巴嫩真主党运动的中心地带，
considered:考虑
"There's a lot of money at stake for these farmers, and there's other commodities that are coming down the river as well, so it's not just grain but it's also chemicals are coming down the river, coal is coming down the river, various things like that," noted Jasen Brown, a Hydraulic Engineer with the Army Corps.
贝奎特船长说：“农场主大量的资金都受到威胁。很多其他货物也需要这条水路。不仅粮食，还有化学品、煤炭，还有其他很多种化学品。
chemicals:化学品
"There's a lot of money at stake for these farmers, and there's other commodities that are coming down the river as well, so it's not just grain but it's also chemicals are coming down the river, coal is coming down the river, various things like that," noted Jasen Brown, a Hydraulic Engineer with the Army Corps.
贝奎特船长已注意到：“农场主大量的资金都受到威胁。很多其他货物也需要这条水路。不仅粮食，还有化学品、煤炭，还有其他很多种物资。
noted:已注意到
At the Royal Courts of Justice building in London, veterans from Kenya's Mau Mau uprising, an anti-colonial movement, are gearing up for what they hope will be the final chapter in a 50-year struggle.
”在伦敦的皇家法院这幢建筑内，来自肯尼亚反殖民运动—茅茅起义的退伍老兵们正祈盼这50多年来的叛乱即将进行到终章。
uprising:叛乱
At the end of the hearing, Justice Richard McCombe declared he would withhold his ruling until at least October.
在听证会结束的尾声,法官理查德·麦克比宣布至少到10月前他都会维持裁决。
ruling:裁决
He will either dismiss the case or recommend it go to full trial.
他将要么解雇此案或推荐完整审判。
dismiss:解雇
According to schedule, they were supposed to start direct talks on Friday.
按照日程表，双方应于周五开始直接谈话。
schedule:日程表
The organization is an affiliate of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
国家安全委员会是中共中央委员会的下属聚会。
Party:聚会
Egyptian voters have overwhelmingly approved the country's new constitution
埃及选民以压倒性多数票已批准了埃及新宪法，
approved:已批准
The new charter is meant to replace the one drafted and approved in late 2012
新宪章将代替2012年末起草并已批准的原有宪法，
approved:已批准
Demand for some rare-earth elements could rapidly outstrip supply MANY plans for reducing the world's emissions of carbon dioxide -at least, those plans formulated by environmentalists who are not of the hair-shirt, back-to-the-caves persuasion -involve peppering the landscape with wind turbines and replacing petrol-guzzling vehicles with electric ones charged up using energy gathered from renewable resources.
许多全球性减排二氧化碳的计划哦，至少那些并不坚决主张严酷节俭、回返穴居社会[注]的环保主义者是这样计划的是要建造星罗棋布的风力涡轮发电机，并以再生能源发电为电动电充电，摈弃狂吞汽油的电。
electric:电
These two elements, part of a group called the rare-earth metals, have unusual configurations of electrons orbiting their nuclei, and thus unusually powerful magnetic properties.
在这两种同属稀土金属的金属中，围绕原子核旋转的电子排列方式很不寻常，因此具有异乎寻常的强大磁性能。
metals:金属
At the moment, the supply of these metals is increasing by 6% a year. To match the three researchers' projections it would actually have to increase by 8% a year for neodymium and 14% for dysprosium.
这两种 neodymium现在的年供给量增长为6%；要达到三位研究人员预计的水平，镝与钕的年供给量实际增长必须分别为14%与8%。
neodymium:neodymium
If they do not, the mood of the Chinese government may be the least of the headaches faced by magnet manufacturers.
如果他们不这样做，在令磁铁制造商头疼的最小中，中国政府的心情可能是最微不足道的了。
least:最小
WHEN retailers want to entice customers to buy a particular product, they typically offer it at a discount.
零售商想吸引顾客买某种特别商品时，典型做法就是打折促销了。
buy:买
WHEN retailers want to entice customers to buy a particular product, they typically offer it at a discount.
零售商想吸引顾客购买某种特别产品时，典型做法就是打折促销了。
product:产品
Shoppers, they found, much prefer getting something extra free to getting something cheaper.
他们发现，购物者们更偏好赠品胜过打折品。
prefer:偏好
This numerical blind spot remains even when the deal clearly favours the discounted product.
即便当买打折产品明显更划算时，人们还是无法走出数字盲区。
product:产品
The discount is by far the better proposition, but the supposedly clever students viewed them as equivalent.
打折远远更加划算，但那些本被看十分聪明的学生们却认为两种促销都是一样的。
viewed:被看
The discount is by far the better proposition, but the supposedly clever students viewed them as equivalent.
打折远远更加划算，但那些本以为十分聪明的学生们却被看两种促销都是一样的。
viewed:被看
People are more likely to see a bargain in a product that has been reduced by 20%, and then by an additional 25%, than one which has been subject to an equivalent, one-off, 40% reduction.
人们觉得一件产品如果先打8折再打75折，那肯定比一次性打6折要划算。
product:产品
When advertising a new car's efficiency, for example, it is more convincing to talk about the number of extra miles per gallon it does, rather than the equivalent percentage fall in fuel consumption.
比如，在广告新车效率时，引用每加仑汽油多跑的英里数要比引用减少的耗油量的比值要更有说服力。
advertising:广告
The MOC says the clause violated the principle of fair trade and revealed prejudice against China,
商务部条款，这项条款违反了公平贸易的原则，是对中国的偏见，
clause:条款
It's believed these forces are from the ultra-loyal and much-feared fourth division commanded by President Assad's brother Maher.
据悉这些军队是总统阿萨德兄弟马希尔率领的第四组队伍，这支队伍非常忠于阿萨德，害怕。
feared:害怕
A wave of bombings across Iraq has killed at least 17 people and wounded many others – some of the worst attacks occurred south of Baghdad.
整个伊拉克发生系列爆炸事件，至少17人丧生，多人受伤，最严重的轰炸发生在巴格达南部。
bombings:轰炸
A disabled war veteran has set himself on fire in Israel just hours before the funeral of another man who did the same thing.
以色列一名伤残退伍老兵自焚，几小时前，另一名同样自焚老兵的葬礼刚刚举行。
veteran:老兵
The army in Madagascar has stormed a military camp near the island's international airport following a mutiny by other soldiers. It said the situation was now under control.
马达加斯加军队向该岛国际机场附近一处军营开火，原因是部分士兵发动叛乱，据说局势已经控制住。
mutiny:叛乱
The security services say armed rebel soldiers forced their way into the barracks in a dawn assault, firing in the air and blocking entry into the camp.
国家安全部门称叛军黎明时分发起射击，强行进入兵营，他们向空中开枪，还封锁了营地的入口。
firing:射击
In keeping with race convention, he was not challenged on the final ride to the finish line in Paris.
根据种族惯例，他没有参加在巴黎举行的冲击终点线的种族。
race:种族
During the debt ceiling debate, a popular newspaper portrayed leading politicians from the two parties as whining brats in diapers.
在债务上限的辩论中，一份流行报纸将国会两党政治家刻画成两个穿着尿布的互相指责的小孩。
politicians:政治家
This squabbling prompted Standard & Pools to make an unprecedented cut in the U.S credit rate.
这种争吵也使标准普尔发出的了一个史无前例的决定，即下调美国政府的信用等级。
prompted:发出的
“The republican leadership ultimately measured that they compromised just enough to get the deal down at the last minute.
“在去年的国会辩论危机中，共和党人经过测试，在最后一刻最终妥协，他们的让步刚好足够与民主党人妥协一致。
compromised:妥协
Scientists from the Ragon Institute of Massachusetts General Hospital, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard are carrying out the new research. Earlier research has shown that certain individuals with HIV have immune systems that do better at controlling the AIDS virus.
早些时候的研究表明，一些感染艾滋病人的科学家具备可以更好地控制艾滋病毒的免疫系统，这些科学家通常被称为“精英控制器”，他们感染病毒后比其他感染者活得更久，前期发病也少。
Scientists:科学家
Scientists from the Ragon Institute of Massachusetts General Hospital, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard are carrying out the new research. Earlier research has shown that certain individuals with HIV have immune systems that do better at controlling the AIDS virus.
早些时候的研究表明，一些感染艾滋病人的有具备可以更好地控制艾滋病毒的免疫系统，这些有通常被称为“精英控制器”，他们感染病毒后比其他感染者活得更久，前期发病也少。
have:有
Scientists from the Ragon Institute of Massachusetts General Hospital, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard are carrying out the new research. Earlier research has shown that certain individuals with HIV have immune systems that do better at controlling the AIDS virus.
早些时候的研究表明，一些感染艾滋病人的免疫具备可以更好地控制艾滋病毒的免疫系统，这些免疫通常被称为“精英控制器”，他们感染病毒后比其他感染者活得更久，前期发病也少。
immune:免疫
Todd Allen is one of the lead writers of the new study, which was published in Science Translational Medicine. TODD ALLEN: "Some people are able to control HIV very well, to very low copies.
托德·艾伦：“有的人可以很好地控制艾滋，将病毒控制在很少的数量上，我们知道这种宿主是某种专门的类型，这类宿主基因可以对付关键的病毒科學。”
Science:科學
Earlier research using rhesus monkeys helped scientists understand how the virus attacks cells. These monkeys were seen as good replacements for humans because they could be easily infected with a primate version of HIV, known as SIV.
早先的研究中，科学家用恒河猴探明病毒袭击细胞的方式，这些猴子被视为是人类的良好替代品，因为它们可以轻易感染上猴子HIV，称之为SIV。
monkeys:猴子
Earlier research using rhesus monkeys helped scientists understand how the virus attacks cells. These monkeys were seen as good replacements for humans because they could be easily infected with a primate version of HIV, known as SIV.
早先的研究中，科学家用恒河猴探明病毒袭击细胞的方式，这些猴子被视为是人类的良好替代品，因为它们可以轻易感染上猴子HIV，称之为SIV。
monkeys:猴子
THE International Cancer Genome Consortium, an alliance of laboratories that is trying to produce a definitive list of the genetic mutations that cause cancer, is accumulating data at an astonishing rate.
国际癌症基因组协作组（THE International Cancer Genome Consortium）是试图建立一份会引起癌症的基因突变完整清单的实验室联盟，它数据数据的速度让人吃惊。
data:数据
THE International Cancer Genome Consortium, an alliance of laboratories that is trying to produce a definitive list of the genetic mutations that cause cancer, is accumulating data at an astonishing rate.
国际癌症基因组协作组（THE International Cancer Genome Consortium）是试图建立一份会引起癌症的基因突变完整清单的实验室联盟，它积累数据的速度让人惊奇。
astonishing:惊奇
They also sequenced just the gene-containing regions of the genome-about 1% of total DNA-from an additional 31 women, and parts of the sequences of 240 more.
他们也对另外31名病人的基因组中含有基因的那些区域（约占整个DNA的1%）进行了基因，并对其他240名病人的这些部分做了部分基因。
gene:基因
Conversely, those whose tumours had changes in either MAP3K1 or MAP2K4 (another 16%) had better than average responses to the drug.
与此相反，这一药物对肿瘤中MAP3K1或MAP2K4有变化的病人（也占总数的16%）的答复高于平均水平。
responses:答复
And the cheapness of modern gene-sequencing methods, particularly those that are looking for specific mutations suspected in advance, means that a tumour's mutational complement can be worked out easily in an appropriately equipped pathology laboratory.
而且，现代基因基因法价格低廉，寻找预先已有怀疑的某些特别的基因突变尤为便宜；这意味着，在拥有合适装备的病理实验室里，人们可以很容易地找出肿瘤基因突变的补体。
gene:基因
The man accused of killing 12 people in a shooting at a midnight screening of the new Batman film in Colorado last week has appeared in court. The suspect, James Holmes, faces more than 70 charges.
上周在科罗拉多新片《蝙蝠侠》午夜展映时开枪杀死12人的男子如今出现在法庭上，被告詹姆斯·霍姆斯面临70多项指控。
accused:被告
South Sudan's offering includes more than $3.2bn over a 3.5-year period to compensate Sudan in part for the economic losses South Sudan's independence has caused it.
南苏丹提出要苏丹在3.5年内补偿南部32多亿美元，南部的损失以上是独立造成的。
over:以上
One expert told the BBC the ban would hit legitimate producers, but leave black market traders untouched.
一位专家告诉BBC，这项禁令将会打击合法制造商，但对黑市交易员无损。
traders:交易员
Others have defended it as a tough but necessary measure to reduce Russia's high levels of alcohol consumption.
也有支持这项禁令，称这是减少俄罗斯巨大的酒消费量的必要措施。
have:有
The biologist Konrad Lorenz has documented how frequently the male fish will become angered and charge the female, or another nearby male, displaying all the behaviors appropriate to aggression rather than courtship.
生物学家Konrad Lorenz有文件的了雄鱼发怒攻击雌鱼或周围雄鱼的频率，雄鱼所表现出的行为更像是暴力，而非求爱行为。
documented:有文件的
The biologist Konrad Lorenz has documented how frequently the male fish will become angered and charge the female, or another nearby male, displaying all the behaviors appropriate to aggression rather than courtship.
生物学家Konrad Lorenz记录了雄鱼发怒充当雌鱼或周围雄鱼的频率，雄鱼所表现出的行为更像是暴力，而非求爱行为。
charge:充当
the Chinese government supports the GCC member efforts to safeguard sovereignty and regional stability in the Middle East and Gulf region.
中国政府支持海合会中为维护中东海湾地区的主权和地区稳定所作的努力。
Middle:中
Obama has been carefully evaluating for weeks the 46 recommendations brought up by an outside advisory group appointed by himself.
此前，奥巴马任命了一个外部咨询小组对监视项目带来审查，这个小组提出了46条建议，奥巴马用数周的时间仔细评估了这些建议。
brought:带来
Doug Bryan of iCrossing, a digital-marketing consultancy, explains that the most up-to-date “price customisation” software can collate such clues with profiles of individual shoppers that internet sellers buy from online-data-aggregation firms.
数字市场营销咨询公司iCrossing的Doug Bryan解释称，时下大多数"个性化价格"软件可以使用自身数据的数据对网络卖家从其他在线数据汇总企业的数据进行校验。
data:数据
If they knew, many would feel that it is "pushing the boundaries" of fairness, notes Werner Reinartz, a University of Cologne marketing professor and consultant to two Fortune 500 companies that use customisation techniques.
如果他们知道，很多人将感觉在试探公平原则的底线。这是由Cologne大学市场营销教授Werner Reinartz提出的，他同时也是财富500强里两家使用价格个性化它公司的顾问。
it:它
Mr Reinartz preaches caution lest companies be dragged through an ordeal pioneered by Amazon in the autumn of 2000.
Reinartz提醒公司要预防陷入2000年秋亚马逊为此成为先烈的苦难。
ordeal:苦难
The resulting backlash prompted it to refund those who paid more, and Amazon now declines to discuss its pricing system.
发出的的反弹致使公司给多付钱的客户退款，亚马逊现已拒绝对其标价系统置评。
prompted:发出的
The resulting backlash prompted it to refund those who paid more, and Amazon now declines to discuss its pricing system.
引起的反弹致使公司给多退款的客户退款，亚马逊现已拒绝对其标价系统置评。
refund:退款
The resulting backlash prompted it to refund those who paid more, and Amazon now declines to discuss its pricing system.
引起的反弹致使公司支付的多付钱的客户退款，亚马逊现已拒绝对其标价系统置评。
paid:支付的
But the operators at the call centres [24]7 runs for its clients are beginning to scan Twitter for gen on the shoppers they are talking to —and sometimes, says Mr Vijayaraghavan, their tweets give useful hints about whether a discount is needed to clinch the sale.
但24 [7 ]公司客服中心的购物者代表，已经开始代购物者在Twitter上追溯消费者聊天的关系网。Vijayaraghavan称，有时候用户的微博会透露究竟是否需要折扣来达成交易。
shoppers:购物者
After the entry of the Queen Elizabeth and IOC president Jacques Rogge, the show continued with an extraordinary visual and musical tribute to the British National Health Service and to the magic of children's literature.
当镜头进入到女王伊莉莎白和国际奥委会主席罗杰时，场景继续对英国英国人卫生署以及儿童文学的魔力以视觉和音乐盛宴的方式进行讴歌。
British:英国人
All these have prompted the defection of one of its newly elected member of parliament, Ikhlas Badawi. She crossed the border into neighboring Turkey; she is the first MP to do so.
所有这些促使该政府内一位新选举的国会议员的倒戈，Ikhlas Badawi，她过界去了邻国土耳其，她是第一位这样发出的的国会议员。
prompted:发出的
This shown as a sign that the bank would be more liberal with its spending to relieve the pressure on Spain, which has seen the cost of the government borrowing show what an unsustainable height.
这同时也作为一种迹象，银行可能在成本方面会更自由，以缓解由西班牙造成的压力，这一压力已被看成是达到不可承受之高度的政府借货成本。
cost:成本
It now remains to be seen if Chancellor Merkel has softened her stance or just used words which the market might interpret that way.
现在仍有待注意：是否德国总理默克尔已松施了立场或用词汇表了态，而且市场可能会如些理解。
words:词汇
It now remains to be seen if Chancellor Merkel has softened her stance or just used words which the market might interpret that way.
现在仍有待注意：是否德国总理默克尔已松施了立场或用语言表了态，而且市场可能会如些解释。
interpret:解释
Britain has joined the Netherlands and the United States in with holding aid to the Rwandan government.
英国已联合挪威和美国一起，支持卢旺达政府。
United:联合
The increased demand for skilled workers in information technology, or IT, is forcing companies like ProSoft to recruit more employees from countries—like India—where engineering degrees and experience are plentiful.
随着信息技术或者IT行业对熟练工作者需求的增加,这就迫使像ProSoft这样的公司需要从印度等资讯科技学位和经验丰富等的国家招募更多的员工。
IT:资讯科技
The increased demand for skilled workers in information technology, or IT, is forcing companies like ProSoft to recruit more employees from countries—like India—where engineering degrees and experience are plentiful.
随着信息技术或者IT行业对熟练雇员需求的增加,这就迫使像ProSoft这样的公司需要从印度等工程学位和经验丰富等的国家招募更多的员工。
employees:雇员
He says saturation diving technology enables human beings to withstand high water pressure by saturating human tissue with inert gas.
他表示，“饱和潜水”技术，让潜水员体内各组织体液中所溶解的惰性气体达到完全饱和的高，来适应高压环境。
high:高
The annual international cargo handling capacity of Hedong International Airport in Yinchuan, capital city of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, will be raised to 4,000 tonnes from the current 200 tonnes.
预计银川机场国际货邮吞吐量将从现在的每年200吨升高到4000吨，银川是宁夏回族自治区省会。
raised:升高
He said "the immediate interests of the Syrian people must be paramount over any larger rivalries of influence."
他说“叙利亚人民的切身利益必须高于任何影响的大对抗。
influence:影响
A Foreign Ministry spokesman said China regrets his resignation and understands the difficulties of his work. The Security Council established a U.N. observer mission in Syria in April.
但中国称一直在积极配合和支持安南的困难，外交部发言人说，中国对安南辞职表示遗憾，能理解他工作的难度。
difficulties:困难
He denied suggestions that he opposes an extension of the United Nations Supervision Mission in Syria, or UNSMIS, past August nineteenth. He noted a recent Security Council resolution permitting a renewal, if the government stops shelling civilian areas and if the level of violence decreases.
法国大使杰拉德·阿兰德是本月安理会的轮值主席，他否认自己反对延长联合国叙利亚监督任务( UNSMIS)，他指出，最近一次安理会决议允许扩展该任务，前提是叙利亚政府停止炮击平民区，且减少暴力水平。
extension:扩展
If we can't keep the UNSMIS in Syria, I think we are ready, of course, to consider any proposal by the secretary-general."
如果无法在叙利亚坚持UNSMIS任务，我考虑我们已准备好考虑秘书长的任何提议。
consider:考虑
In America, the National Institutes of Health (NIH, the single-biggest source of civil research funds in the world) has required open-access publishing since 2008.
在美国，打开卫生研究所（NIH，世界上最大的单一民间科研基金获取处）从2008年开始就要求开放出版业。
open:打开
The publishers thus have scientists-or, more accurately, their universities, which pay the subscriptions-in an armlock. That, combined with the fact that the raw material (manuscripts of papers) is free, leads to generous returns.
因此出版商就把那些科学家——准确来说是那些订阅订阅期刊的大学牢牢限制住了，再加上原始材料（论文草稿）免费这一事实，这些常常为出版商带来了巨额回报。
subscriptions:订阅
Publishers do provide a service. They organise peer review, in which papers are criticised anonymously by experts (though those experts, like the authors of papers, are rarely paid for what they do). And they sort the scientific sheep from the goats, by deciding what gets published, and where.
出版商也确实做了一些服务，他们要对论文经行同业互查（尽管那些化名点评的专家，比如论文作者，基本不会对核查服务收费），并且还要对论文进行分类和挑选，决定是否出版和在哪里出版。
service:服务
That gives the publishers huge power. Since researchers, administrators and grant-awarding bodies all take note of which work has got through this filtering mechanism, the competition to publish in the best journals is intense, and the system becomes self-reinforcing, increasing the value of those journals still further.
这就给了出版商很大的权利，因为研究者、管理员和拨款奖励机构都在注意谁的论文通过了这个过滤机制，在最好的期刊上发表论文的竞争非常激烈，出版系统就变得更加自我加强，也推高了那些期刊的价值。
reinforcing:加强
But not, perhaps, for much longer. Support has been swelling for open-access scientific publishing: doing it online, in a way that allows anyone to read papers free of charge.
或许以后不会再这样了，支持开放科学读的呼声越来越强烈：把研究成果放到网上，让任何人都可以免费查阅。
read:读
The British announcement followed the publication of a report by Dame Janet Finch, a sociologist at the University of Manchester, which recommends encouraging a business model adopted by one of the pioneers of open-access publishing, the Public Library of Science.
Dame Janet Finch的报告发表之后英国政府才发出通告，这位曼彻斯特大学的社会学家建议鼓励一种出版，这个方法被一家开放出版业的先锋——公共科学图书馆所采纳。
publishing:出版
Seeing the writing on the wall, several commercial publishers are experimenting with gold-model publishing.
在看到这些"不祥之兆"后，一些出版出版商开始尝试以"黄金模式"出版。
publishing:出版
Meanwhile, later this year, a coalition of the Wellcome Trust, the Max Planck Institute (which runs many of Germany's leading laboratories) and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute will publish the first edition of eLife, an open-access journal with ambitions to rival the most famous journal of the lot, Nature. The deep pockets of these organisations mean that, for the first few years at least, this journal will not even require a publication fee.
与此同时，在今年晚些时候，马普研究院（掌管着德国大量重点实验室）和霍华休斯医学研究中心将与维康信托基金会合作，出版首期eLife电子期刊，这份开放阅览的期刊有信心与它们之中最著名的《自然》竞争，那些财大气粗的联盟甚至想至少在头几年不对期刊收取出版费。
coalition:联盟
Meanwhile, later this year, a coalition of the Wellcome Trust, the Max Planck Institute (which runs many of Germany's leading laboratories) and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute will publish the first edition of eLife, an open-access journal with ambitions to rival the most famous journal of the lot, Nature. The deep pockets of these organisations mean that, for the first few years at least, this journal will not even require a publication fee.
与此同时，在今年晚些时候，马普研究院（掌管着德国大量重点实验室）和霍华休斯医学研究中心将与维康信托基金会合作，出版首期eLife电子期刊，这份开放阅览的期刊有信心与它们深最著名的《自然》竞争，那些财大气粗的组织甚至想至少在头几年不对期刊收取出版费。
deep:深
But research just published in BMC Medicine (an open-access journal from Springer) suggests papers in open-access journals are as widely cited as those in traditional publications.
但是根据《BMC医学》（施普林格出版社的一份开放期刊）最近公布的研究显示，开放阅览期刊被引用的广泛程度和传统期刊一样多。
research:研究
A revolution, then, has begun. Technology permits it; researchers and politicians want it.
所以一场革命已经开始了，不仅它上可行，研究人员和政客也需要。
it:它
A revolution, then, has begun. Technology permits it; researchers and politicians want it.
所以一场革命已经开始了，不仅它上可行，研究人员和政客也需要。
it:它
CVC had hoped to reduce its stake with an initial public offering (IPO) of Formula One on the Singapore stock exchange.
CVC本打算通过在新加坡证券交易所为F1首次公开募股的方式减持赌注。
stake:赌注
However, in May it sold a total of 21% of the sport, for $1.6 billion, to three institutional investors: Waddell & Reid and BlackRock, both American asset managers, and Norges Bank Investment Management, Norway's state money manager.
但是在五月，CVC将16 亿美元即总资产的21%卖给了三个团体投资人：同为资产经理的Waddell & Reid和黑石，还有挪威银行投资管理——挪威的国家资金经理。
managers:经理
However, in May it sold a total of 21% of the sport, for $1.6 billion, to three institutional investors: Waddell & Reid and BlackRock, both American asset managers, and Norges Bank Investment Management, Norway's state money manager.
但是在五月，CVC将16 亿美元即总资产的21%卖给了三个团体投资人：同为资产经理的Waddell & Reid和黑石，还有挪威银行投资管理——挪威的国家资金经理。
manager:经理
Combined with cash from the business, the sale gave CVC a tasty 300% return on its original investment-though an IPO could have earned it more.
尽管公开募股会赚的更多，结合从出售中获得的现金，出售给团体投资人还是带给了CVC为原有投资300%的高额回报。
sale:出售
Combined with cash from the business, the sale gave CVC a tasty 300% return on its original investment-though an IPO could have earned it more.
尽管公开募股会赚的更多，结合从营销中获得的的现金，出售给团体投资人还是带给了CVC为原有投资300%的高额回报。
earned:获得的
He maintains close relations with circuit owners and governments, which together make up the sport's largest source of revenue, in the form of hosting fees.
赛道所有者和政府以主办的做为整个赛事的收益投入巨资，埃克莱斯顿则与这些人保持着紧密的联系。
make:做
Formula One has barely begun to develop its business online. Licensing Formula One brands and content to video-games firms could generate pots of money, as could online betting.
第一个是网络；F1基本没有开发其企业网络，向电子游戏公司出售F1品牌商标和赛事相关内容的使用权可以带来大量的金钱收入，媲美网上投注。
firms:企业
Partly because of the steep fees that Mr Ecclestone charges to host a Grand Prix, circuits often end up losing money and stop hosting the event; there has been no American race for the past five years.
一部分是由于埃克莱斯顿所需举办大奖赛的经费逐年攀升，赛道所有者往往赔本最终停止举办种族——美国已经在过去的五年没有举办了。
race:种族
That will soon change, with Austin, Texas, hosting a race in November and plans for a Grand Prix in New Jersey in June 2013.
这即将发生改变，德州的奥斯汀市将在11月举办种族并计划将于2013年6月在新泽西举办大奖赛。
race:种族
The biggest is that the teams will demand more money.
最大的问题就是车队会需求更多的利润分成。
demand:需求
Mr Ecclestone has no shortage of calls from countries such as C?te d'Ivoire and Bulgaria seeking the prestige of hosting a race.
埃克莱斯顿呼吁像科特迪瓦和保加利亚这样，试图通过举办种族增加威望的国家毫无压力。
race:种族
The Red Cross says Ethiopian forces have intervened to halt the fighting but the people continue to flee across the border.
红十字称埃塞俄比亚军队已进行干预，试图阻止战斗，但人们仍在越境逃跑。
flee:逃跑
The British Breaking King Mark Cavendish was favored to land the host nation its first medal of the games but he finished a long way behind the leaders in cycling’s road race which was won by the Kazakhstan veteran Aleander. ”
英国的马克·卡文迪什有在英国人参赛的优待，原本可以获得了英国的第一枚金牌，但在自行车比赛中，他远远落后，金牌被哈萨克斯坦老将亚历山大夺去。”
British:英国人
The British Breaking King Mark Cavendish was favored to land the host nation its first medal of the games but he finished a long way behind the leaders in cycling’s road race which was won by the Kazakhstan veteran Aleander. ”
英国的马克·卡文迪什有在本国参赛的优待，原本可以获得了英国的第一枚金牌，但在自行车种族中，他远远落后，金牌被哈萨克斯坦老将亚历山大夺去。”
race:种族
And borderguards in Bangladesh have seized more than 1000 tortoises and turtles that have been smuggled from India.
孟加拉国边界守卫抓获1000多只从印度走私来的海龟和海龟，他们拦截了两名超速驾驶摩托的人，没收一个装满这两种动物的袋子。
tortoises:海龟
They challenged two people on motorbike who sped off, dropping a sack full of the live animals. Wild life experts said the sack contain at least two endangerd species of tortoises.
野生动物专家说，袋子里至少有两种濒危乌龟，他们认为这些乌龟是要活送到亚洲东部国家。
live:活
They challenged two people on motorbike who sped off, dropping a sack full of the live animals. Wild life experts said the sack contain at least two endangerd species of tortoises.
野生动物专家说，袋子里至少有两种濒危海龟，他们认为这些海龟是要被送到亚洲东部国家。
tortoises:海龟
Sharon will be laid to rest at a site close to his family's Sycamore Ranch in southern Israel.
沙龙将被安葬在以色列南部沙龙家族的锡卡莫尔牧場。
Ranch:牧場
Local media reported on Sunday that his casket will be stationed in the Knesset (parliament)
当地媒体周日报道，沙龙的遗体将被安放在以色列國會大厦，
Knesset:國會
Robert DiNozzi is a Hollywood movie producer. He is perhaps most well-known as the executive producer of "Flight Plan," the two thousand five movie starring actress Jodie Foster.
罗伯特·蒂诺兹是好莱坞的电影制片人，他可能是最知名的《飞行计划》的制片人，这部2005年的影片是由女演员朱迪·福斯特主演的。
actress:女演员
His most recent claim to fame is as co-developer of a brand new app called "VoiceCal." It is a mobile calendar app that uses voice recognition software.
他最近因作为一款品牌全新应用程序“VoiceCal”的联合开发者而声名鹊起，这是一款使用声音识别软件的移动日历程序。
brand:品牌
Robert DiNozzi says there is a great need for an app like "VoiceCal" among busy businessmen like himself. He hopes the app will be successful over the long term.
罗伯特·蒂诺兹说，像他这样忙碌的生意人都急需VoiceCal这样的应用程序，他希望这款程序能取得长期伟大的。
great:伟大的
Matt Kozlov is the head of a start-up technology company called "Moonshark" in Los Angeles, California. The company makes game apps for mobile devices.
”马特·科兹洛夫是加州洛杉矶一家名为Moonshark的新兴科技公司的总裁，该公司为移动设备制作游戏技术。
technology:技术
MATT KOZLOV: "It's an exploding marketplace, right now. There are hundreds of millions of devices out there right now that we can reach. And these devices have really turned eight-year-old kids, forty-year-old moms into gamers in a way that we've never seen before."
马特·科兹洛夫：“这是个爆炸性的市场，现在有数亿台我们可以接触到的设备，这些设备将八岁孩童、40岁的老妈妈变成玩家，这是我们以前没有见老的。”
old:老
MATT KOZLOV: "It's an exploding marketplace, right now. There are hundreds of millions of devices out there right now that we can reach. And these devices have really turned eight-year-old kids, forty-year-old moms into gamers in a way that we've never seen before."
马特·科兹洛夫：“这是个爆炸性的市场，现在有数亿台我们可以接触到的设备，这些设备将八岁孩童、40岁的老妈妈变成玩家，这是我们以前没有见老的。”
old:老
Jennifer Lopez is helping Moonshark with a finger break-dancing game called "Dance Pad." The company is also working with film director John Woo on an action game expected to be released at the end of this year.
珍妮弗·洛佩兹帮助Moonshark开发一款名为Dance Pad的手指霹雳舞游戏，这家公司还与电影导演吴宇森合作电影一款动作游戏，该游戏将于今年年底发布。
film:电影
The pressure is so high that steam never even forms where lava touches water.
压力是如此巨大，以至于这些岩石触摸到海水时连水蒸汽都还无法形成。
touches:触摸
So, “the grassroots level” means from the average person, not directed from somebody high up in the government.
那，grassroots 高指的是就是来自普通民众，而并不是直接来自政府的高层。
high:高
It is something that has caused changes in laws here in the United States in the wake of the first Earth Day, meaning after the first Earth Day or something that was caused by the first Earth Day.
它的首次兴起在美国引起了法律上的变更，也就是说，紧随着第一场地球日活动，醒来了一些事情。
wake:醒来
After that first Earth Day, or in the wake of the 1970 Earth Day, the US government passed some important laws to try to protect the water and the land and the ocean and the air.
也就是1970年的第一个地球日之后，美国政府通过了一些重要的法律来保护洁净的海洋、土地以及空气。
ocean:海洋
But, Dr. Seuss is a pen name, and he wrote many famous books for children.
Dr. Seuss是笔名，他写了很多儿童书。
books:书
A lot of Dr. Seuss books have rhymes - the words sounds similar; they're rhyming books - “The Cat in the Hat,” “Green Eggs and Ham.”
Dr. Seuss的书中有很多的押韵的地方——即发音类似。《The Cat in the Hat》和《Green Eggs and Ham》是有押韵的书。
books:书
A lot of Dr. Seuss books have rhymes - the words sounds similar; they're rhyming books - “The Cat in the Hat,” “Green Eggs and Ham.”
Dr. Seuss的书中有很多的押韵的地方——即发音类似。《The Cat in the Hat》和《Green Eggs and Ham》是有押韵的书。
books:书
And it has made common cause with militant Islamists who it hoped would further its interests abroad—keeping India on edge to the south and sowing confusion in Afghanistan to the north in hopes of preventing anti-Pakistan forces growing there.
而原因是同样的—穆斯林军人想要对外扩张，取得更多利益—播种印度置于南方的边际，在阿富汗的北面散布迷惑信息，以防止反巴基斯坦势力上涨。
sowing:播种
It has spawned dozens of local extremist groups attacking Pakistan itself.
这却孕育多数的巴基斯坦本地极端分子集团攻击本国人。
spawned:孕育
While he was rising to the top, the Afghan Taliban regrouped, the Mumbai attacks were planned, and Osama bin Laden settled in a garrison town.
于是当他的权利处于上位期间，阿富汗塔利班的军队被重新部署，孟买袭击在当期间也开始进行策划。当期间本拉登被安置在驻防区的小镇里。
While:期间
In charge of army training, he was closely involved in efforts to retool an army trained for set-piece battles with India for counter-insurgency in the country's wild tribal west.
他想要接近于重组一支训练有素的军队，为巴基斯坦西面广阔的部落地带与印度的反动叛乱战争定下筹码。
insurgency:叛乱
Elsewhere irritation with civilian government is already flowering among junior officers. But there is no mood to take over.
平民政府的无理取闹已经在老一辈的官员里传开，可是没有人有此闲情雅致去掌权。
civilian:平民
The army's once-unchallenged authority has leeched away to a set of rambunctiousbroadcast media, an activist supreme court and civilian politicians who this year successfully transferred power from one elected government to another—a first for Pakistan. Good governance is the best way for civilian rulers to keep the army off their backs.
一位最高法院激进的官员第在巴基斯坦在一个政府的倒戈，另一个政权的崛起之下，成功转移了自己的实力。对于秩序制定者来说，一个好的政府应该把军队权力机构之下而非之上。
authority:权力机构
Among its jobs is to send signals telling that organ to slow down during moments of calm and safety.
它的一项职能就是，发出信号告诉这些器官，在人体处于平静和安全的时候慢工作步伐。
slow:慢
Healthy vagal function is reflected in a subtle increase in heart rate while breathing in and a subtle decrease while breathing out.
如果迷走神经工作正常的话，你可以从人体吸进空气同时心率的不明显增加上看出来，同样，当人体呼出空气同时心率也会有微弱的减少。
while:同时
Healthy vagal function is reflected in a subtle increase in heart rate while breathing in and a subtle decrease while breathing out.
如果迷走神经工作正常的话，你可以从人体吸进空气同时心率的不明显增加上看出来，同样，当人体呼出空气同时心率也会有微弱的减少。
while:同时
This may provide the missing link between emotional well-being and physical health.
这可能也弥补了在情感健康与身体健康之间缺失的一环。
health:健康
Dr Fredrickson and Dr Kok asked their volunteers to consider nine positive emotions, such as hope, joy and love, and 11 negative ones, including anger, boredom and disgust.
弗雷德里克松教授和考克教授要求志愿者们考虑积极的情绪，比如希望，喜悦和爱，还有11种消极的情绪，包括愤怒，厌倦和厌恶。
consider:考虑
Dr Fredrickson and Dr Kok asked their volunteers to consider nine positive emotions, such as hope, joy and love, and 11 negative ones, including anger, boredom and disgust.
弗雷德里克松教授和考克教授要求志愿者们想着积极的喜悦，比如希望，喜悦和爱，还有11种消极的喜悦，包括愤怒，厌倦和厌恶。
joy:喜悦
Dr Fredrickson and Dr Kok asked their volunteers to consider nine positive emotions, such as hope, joy and love, and 11 negative ones, including anger, boredom and disgust.
弗雷德里克松教授和考克教授要求志愿者们想着积极的爱，比如希望，喜悦和爱，还有11种消极的爱，包括愤怒，厌倦和厌恶。
love:爱
Dr Fredrickson and Dr Kok asked their volunteers to consider nine positive emotions, such as hope, joy and love, and 11 negative ones, including anger, boredom and disgust.
弗雷德里克松教授和考克教授要求志愿者们想着积极的愤怒，比如希望，喜悦和爱，还有11种消极的愤怒，包括愤怒，厌倦和厌恶。
anger:愤怒
They were asked to rate, on a five-point scale, whether—and how strongly—they had felt each emotion.
志愿者们打分的尺度分为五级，他们是否感觉到了要求的情绪，有多强烈等。
scale:尺度
In addition, half the participants, chosen at random, were invited to a series of workshops run by a licensed therapist, to learn a meditation technique intended to engender in the meditator a feeling of goodwill towards both himself and others.
另外，以随机的技术抽取了一半的参与者，被邀请参加一系列由特许理疗师主持的研讨会，学习冥想技巧，以达到成为一名对自己或者他人心怀善意的禅定者。
technique:技术
A simpler procedure than meditation, namely reflecting at night on the day's social connections, did seem to cause some improvement to their vagal tone.
一个比冥想更简单的，在当天晚上即冥想其一天社会关系的方式，似乎对这些人的张力指数有些提高作用。
meditation:冥想
This might allow even those with a negative outlook on life to bootstrap their way to a mental state from which they could then advance to the more powerful technique of meditation.
这可能让那些拥有消极人生观的人通过他们自己的技术，引导自身进入一种让他们可以拥有更强大冥想技巧的精神状态。
technique:技术
More generally, doctors in the ancient world had a saying: a healthy mind in a healthy body.
更普遍的是，古时的医生都会说这样一句说：健康的心态，健康的身体。
saying:说
It was all very Zen, one member of staff told the Washington Post.
一切都弥漫着禅气息，其中一位银行家对华盛顿邮报如是说。
Zen:禅
Afterwards, Mr Hanh and 20 brown-robed brethren led a walking meditation through Washington—though since the traffic police did not show up, the quiet contemplation was marred by the not-so-Zen honking of angry drivers.
在这之后，一行禅师和其他20名身穿棕色长袍的同胞们在华盛顿进行了步行禅修的活动。但由于在打架过程中没有交通警察维持秩序，这场安静的冥想被不那么禅的愤怒司机的喇叭声所打扰。
honking:打架
In the unlovely words of a new strategy, endorsed by the bank's governors on October 12th, the group's value proposition is to end extreme poverty by 2030 and to foster income growth among the poorest 40% in every country, not just poor ones.
该组织的新策略价值观主张在十月十二日受到世界银行管理者的支持。该策略的并不讨喜的词汇了在2030年结束极端贫困并促进每个国家最贫穷的40%的人的收入增长，而不仅仅是穷人们。
words:词汇
But voracious economic growth in the past 25 years has meant that the bank's lending has fallen to less than 1% of the combined economic output of the borrowers.
但是过去25年突飞猛进的经济增长已经意味着世界银行的贷款在借款者复合经济输出中所占比率应经下降到不足1%。
output:输出
As more nations graduate to middle-income status and win access to capital markets for big development projects, fewer of them need the money and expertise the bank has to offer.
随着越来越多的中间逐渐迈入中等收入行列并获得进入资本市场有大发展项目的机会，越来越少的中间需要世界银行提供的资金和技术。
middle:中间
One billion people live on less than 1.25 aday, most of them in what the bank calls middle-income countries such as India and Brazil.
目前有十亿人口每天靠不足1.25美元生活，且他们中的大多数都居住在世界银行所称的总等收入水平的中间中，比如印度和巴西。
middle:中间
So carving out a role in poverty eradication would make the bank relevant to middle-income countries even though their governments might not need its money any more and might think the bank has little to offer their growing middle classes.
所以银行要在消除贫困中发挥作用，就意味着要与中等收入中间建立联系。即使这些中间政府可能认为他们不再需要世界银行的资金，而且觉得银行对于他们这些正在发展中的中产阶级没有任何帮助。
middle:中间
So carving out a role in poverty eradication would make the bank relevant to middle-income countries even though their governments might not need its money any more and might think the bank has little to offer their growing middle classes.
所以银行要在消除贫困中发挥作用，就意味着要与中等收入中间建立联系。即使这些中间政府可能认为他们不再需要世界银行的资金，而且觉得银行对于他们这些正在发展中的中产阶级没有任何帮助。
middle:中间
The aim of eradicating extreme poverty by 2030 is not overly ambitious.
在2030年消除极端贫困的目的也并不过于盲目自信。
aim:目的
And at genius levels of IQ, girls are not as far behind boys as they used to be
而在天才达到天才水平的人数上，女孩不再和从前一样远远落在男孩后面。
genius:天才
SCIENCE has few more controversial topics than human intelligence—in particular, whether variations in it are a result of nature or nurture, and especially whether such variations differ between the sexes.
在科学科学，没有什么话题比人类智力这一话题更有争议了，而智力的差异是天赋使然还是后天培养造成的？以及这种差异是否与性别相关？
SCIENCE:科学
He resigned as president of Harvard University shortly afterwards.
此后不久，他便辞职了哈佛大学校长的职务。
resigned:辞职
The three researchers drew their data from Duke University's Talent Identification Programme, TIP, which is designed to ferret out especially clever candidates early on: all the participants had scored in the top 5% of ability when confronted with exams designed for much older students.
这三名研究人员的数据来自杜克大学的人才识别工程，该工程旨在得分搜寻出特别聪明的应试者：所有的参与者的考试成绩均排前5%，而这些考试都是针对年龄比他们大得多的学生的。
scored:得分
In the general population boys are well known to do a bit better than girls in maths.
在普通人群中，普遍认为男孩的数学要比女孩更好一点。
better:更好
But it chimes with the findings of a much older investigation, carried out in 1983 by a group of researchers at Johns Hopkins University, which also discovered a male-to-female sex ratio of 13:1 among the most able young mathematicians.
但其结论与很早之前的一份调查结果一致，该调查是由约翰霍普金斯的一组调查人员在1983年进行的，发现在最有天赋的年轻数学家里，男女比例也是13比1。
investigation:调查
This connects the extreme systematising patterns of thought which make a good mathematician with the preponderance of men among those with Asperger's syndrome, a form of autism that does not harm a person's general intelligence.
这条推论将极高系统化思维模式与艾斯伯格自闭症患者中男性占多数两者联系起来。
autism:自闭症
Using the TIP data, Dr Wai and his colleagues showed that this is as true of the brightest youngsters in American society as it is of lesser mortals, suggesting that even they can have their abilities boosted by whatever is causing the Flynn effect.
通过TIP数据，维博士及其同事指出，弗林效应适用于差一点的普通人，也同样适用于美国社会中最聪明的年轻人，他们实际上也会受到死亡者弗林效应的因素的影响，水平得到提升。
mortals:死亡者
Theories range from better nutrition, via a more stimulating general environment, to the phasing out of lead in petrol and paint.
关于弗林效应诱因的理论有许多，从更好的营养，到更具刺激性的总体环境，再到汽油和油漆中逐步停止铅的使用。
paint:油漆
Though the SPD finished well behind the CDU-CSU, their coalition agreement, signed at the end of November, looks to many like a wishlist for the left.
尽管跟社会民主党的联合结束远远在CDU-CSU后面，他们的联合协议，11月完成签字，看上去更像一个左派的愿望单。
finished:完成
The CDU-CSU has kept one promise: the coalition treaty pledges not to raise taxes, which the parties of the left all favour.
CDU-CSU联盟保证一个承诺：联盟条约保证税收不提高，这也是左派全都支持的。
raise:提高
But Deutsche Bank estimates that social spending will rise by three times as much.
但是荷兰银行估计社会花费会升高三倍之多。
rise:升高
Some firms have been criticised for abusing such methods as a way of keeping workers from benefits that full-time employees would receive.
一些公司曾经批评滥用这些方法作为一种剥夺雇员们享有全职雇员能够享受到利益的方式。
employees:雇员
But such behaviour depends upon leopard seals being able to suck up food from water, a specialised feeding behaviour that is rarely seen in top predators.
但是完成这些行为需要豹海豹具备从海水中吸吮食物的能力，而这种特定的进食行为在位于食物链顶端的捕食者身上并不常见。
behaviour:行为
But such behaviour depends upon leopard seals being able to suck up food from water, a specialised feeding behaviour that is rarely seen in top predators.
但是完成这些行为需要豹海豹具备从海水中吸吮食物的能力，而这种特定的进食行为在位于食物链顶端的捕食者身上并不常见。
behaviour:行为
Big, controversial golden goodbyes to bosses are probably here to stay
老板们巨额而有争议的黄金再见可能会被留下来
goodbyes:再见
A change-of-control clause in his contract means he could go straight back out of the door with a golden goodbye of over $56m.
合同中的变更条款意味着他可以拥有超过5,600万元的黄金再见走出大门。
goodbye:再见
The biggest loser, in contrast, may be Philippe Varin, who will step down as boss of PSA Peugeot Citron, a struggling French carmaker.
相反，最大的输家可能是菲利普·瓦兰，他从一个苦苦挣扎的法国汽车汽车制造商PSA标致雪铁龙老板的位置上下来。
carmaker:汽车制造商
It is rare for public disapproval of generous golden goodbyes to have so much impact.
公众很少认为这些慷慨的黄金再见有这么大的影响。
goodbyes:再见
Say on pay has also forced boards to get better at costing perks that once were wrongly regarded as practically free.
薪酬话语权也迫使董事会在之前被被视为是随意额外津贴上做的更好。
regarded:被视为
Pay consultants brought in by firms seeking a new boss often get blamed for regarding the most generous existing package in the market as the baseline for negotiations.
薪酬顾问为企业寻找新的老板常常会因为以市场最多的离职金为基准进行谈判而被责怪。
seeking:寻找
Even though recent legal changes have made it easier, even in America, to claw back some of the money paid to failed bosses, in practice firms will only try to do that if there is cast-iron evidence of fault, such as a financial misstatement.
即使在美国，尽管最近的法律变化使得更容易夺回部分支付支付的失败老板的钱，在实践中如果证据确凿公司将尝试这样做，如财务失实。
paid:支付的
The moment when a company is paying off a failure is also the moment it is trying to attract the best possible candidate to sort out the mess.
当一个公司为失败付钱的那一刻也是它最好的吸引尽可能最好的人选来收拾烂摊子。
best:最好的
The moment when a company is paying off a failure is also the moment it is trying to attract the best possible candidate to sort out the mess.
当一个公司为出去付钱的那一刻也是它正试图吸引尽可能最好的人选来收拾烂摊子。
out:出去
With this in mind, a team of engineers, computer scientists and psychologists led by Skip Rizzo at the University of Southern California propose a form of psychological vaccination.
鉴于此，由南加州大学斯卡普·里兹博士组织带领的，包括工程师、计算机心理学家和心理学家在内的科研小队提出了注射心理疫苗的构想。
psychologists:心理学家
Unlike a real battlefield, though, a virtual one can be frozen, and events occurring there discussed at leisure.
虚拟战场的独特之在那儿在于它可以随叫随停，学员也可以在体验之余参与讨论。
there:在那儿
This will allow officers to identify who is, and is not, ready for combat.
这样，军官们就可以对每个士兵的准备好情况了然于胸。
ready:准备好
For if it does prove possible to sort those who are likely to become inured to war's horrors from those who will not, one result would be a more effective fighting force.
如果挑选的士兵更能适应恐怖的战争，不仅能大大提高部队的战斗力，
horrors:恐怖
A second would be the consequential elimination of one of those horrors—the psychological wounds that are often regarded by soldiers who suffer them as worse than physical ones.
还能降低心理遭受心理伤口的概率，因为在受过伤口的士兵眼里，心灵的折磨远远超过身体上的苦痛。
wounds:伤口
Before this week's budget deal, markets had feared that America could join the list, if only in a technical sense.
在本周的预算计划前，市场已经害怕美国会加入这个名单，但愿在技术层面上。
feared:害怕
The answer to that conundrum may be that default happens suddenly, whereas inflation and depreciation are slower, giving investors more time to adjust by demanding higher interest rates to compensate for their losses.
对于这个谜题的答案可能是违约突然发生，然而通货膨胀和货币贬值是缓慢的，这给了投资者更多的时间去调整，通过要求更高的利率去赔偿他们的损失。
conundrum:谜题
The idea is to make investors buy riskier assets, such as equities and corporate bonds.
这个构想是让投资者买有风险的资产，例如股票和公司债券。
buy:买
One way of protecting the real value of investors' bond holdings is to buy inflation-linked debt.
保护投资者持有的债券实际价值的方法之一是买通胀挂钩债券。
buy:买
The repayment value and interest payments on such bonds are normally tied to a well-known inflation index.
关于这类债券的回报价值和利息偿还一般地说是与一个著名的通货膨胀指数相联系的。
repayment:偿还
Inflation-linked bonds are extremely attractive to pension funds, since they are a neat match for the funds' liabilities.
由于通胀挂钩债券与养老基金的责任非常匹配，它们对养老基金来说非常有债券。
bonds:债券
So such bonds are snapped up quickly and tend to trade on low real yields; sometimes, those yields are even negative.
所以这些债券很快照顾抢购一空并且有不正当利用低实际收益率的趋势；有些时候，这些获益率甚至是消极的。
tend:照顾
Corporate borrowers pay an interest premium over the risk-free rate; equities have offered a higher long-term return than government bonds to reflect their higher risk.
公司融资者在无风险率上保险费利息费用；股票提供一个比政府债券更能反映他们的高风险的长期回报。
premium:保险费
Unlike jet engines, which combine atmospheric oxygen with stored fuel to obtain thrust, rockets must work in a vacuum, and so must carry their oxygen with them.
它不像喷气式引擎，能将大气层中的氧和储存的燃料混合以获得推动力。火箭必须在真空中工作，因此必须携带自己的氧。
obtain:获得
That increases their weight, with the result that a large fraction of a rocket's fuel is expended just lifting the rest of the fuel off the launch-pad.
那就增加了它们的重量。其结果就是火箭的很大休息燃料被用来将其余的燃料送离发射塔。
rest:休息
Among other benefits, that removes the need for the sort of heavy-duty construction that would otherwise be required to stop the engine from melting, helping to save precious weight.
这会带来很多好处，其中包括不再需要建造用来保存引擎熔化的高负荷结构，从而减轻了重量，而重量对一个航天器来说非常关键。
save:保存
The team, previously known as Guangzhou Pharmaceutical, had been relegated to the second division because of match-fixing before it was acquired in 2010 by the Evergrande Real Estate Group.
在2010年恒大产业接手这家俱乐部前，恒大的前身广州广药已经因假球而降入二级联赛。
Estate:产业
At the moment she is being fitted out by STX OSV at its Langsten shipyard on Tomrefjord.
目前这艘轮船还停泊在Tomrefjord的Langsten造船厂由STX OSV公司完成装配造船厂。
shipyard:造船厂
Crucially, she has to be able to hold her position while transferring cargoes that include various noxious materials which are employed in drilling or pumped into wells to improve the process of extraction.
最关键的是，它必须在转移货物同时保持平稳。这些货物包含了各种有毒物质，将用于钻井或用泵注入油井中以优化石油提取过程。
while:同时
Crucially, she has to be able to hold her position while transferring cargoes that include various noxious materials which are employed in drilling or pumped into wells to improve the process of extraction.
最关键的是，它必须在转移货物时保持平稳。这些货物包含了各种有毒材料，将用于钻井或用泵注入油井中以优化石油提取过程。
materials:材料
One of Far Solitaire's most important innovations is her wave-piercing hull. Below the waterline her bow has the bulbous drag-reducing nose that has become a familiar feature of modern ships.
远航明珠舰所使用的最重要的一项创新技术就是它的穿浪型船体。该轮船的吃水线下面有一个球形的“大鼻子”用来减少波浪带来的拖拉，这对现代轮船来说并不是什么稀奇的特点，
drag:拖拉
Where a standard ship's bow would have a flat foredeck, Far Solitaire's flows up and over the vessel.
按标准结构来说，轮船的船头通常都有一块平坦的前预先发现，而远航明珠舰的船头却向上突起，高过船身。
foredeck:预先发现
By piercing the swell, Far Solitaire will be able to maintain her engines at a constant speed.
远航明珠舰能破开涌动的浮动从而使它的引擎维持常速工作。
swell:浮动
Further control is provided by two bow thrusters. These are propellers mounted in transverse tunnels in the hull, to help position the craft and hold her stable while alongside a rig.
其他操控设备还有船首侧推装置，它是安装在船体横向通道中的两个推进器，用来帮助轮船进行定位并在船上装载钻探同时保持船体平稳。
while:同时
All of these propulsion systems are handled by moving one of the joysticks next to the captain's chair in a bridge with a 360° view that looks more suitable for the starship Enterprise than what is, after all, a souped-up freighter.
船长只要移动驾驶室座椅边的操纵杆就能处理这些推进装置，这个拥有360°全方位视角的驾驶室看起来更适合进取号星舰，而不仅仅是普通的货船，因为后者只不过是加了马力的船舶而已。
handled:处理
All of these propulsion systems are handled by moving one of the joysticks next to the captain's chair in a bridge with a 360° view that looks more suitable for the starship Enterprise than what is, after all, a souped-up freighter.
船长只要移动驾驶室椅子边的操纵杆就能控制这些推进装置，这个拥有360°全方位视角的驾驶室看起来更适合进取号星舰，而不仅仅是普通的货船，因为后者只不过是加了马力的船舶而已。
chair:椅子
The consequences of moving the joystick can, fortunately, be practised on shore without risk to ship or platform, courtesy of a new 360° bridge simulator in Rolls-Royce's marine-training centre in Alesund.
幸好移动操控杆的效果能在阿雷松德船舶训练中心进行试验，劳斯莱斯公司在这里建有一个360°全方位视角的模拟驾驶室，有了岸上的训练就能避免给轮船和钻井平台带来风险。
risk:风险
The consequences of moving the joystick can, fortunately, be practised on shore without risk to ship or platform, courtesy of a new 360° bridge simulator in Rolls-Royce's marine-training centre in Alesund.
幸好移动操控杆的效果能在阿雷松德船舶训练中心进行试验，劳斯莱斯公司在这里桥一个360°全方位视角的模拟驾驶室，有了岸上的训练就能避免给轮船和钻井平台带来危险。
bridge:桥
As the camera pulls back, you see that he's seated at a drum kit.
随着镜头的拉近，你会看到它坐在坐着架子鼓旁，
seated:坐着
Daniel Kahneman, a psychologist who won a Nobel Prize in 2002 for showing that people are not the rational agents that economists had thought they were. He argues, most famously in Thinking, Fast and Slow, a 2011 book popularising his work, that the mind incorporates two systems:
丹尼尔·卡尼曼，一位代理人2002年展现过市民不理性行为而获得过诺贝尔奖的心理学家。他在2011年推广他工作的书中提出了最著名的观点，思考，快与慢，也就是说，思维由两个系统组成：
agents:代理人
For Mr Kahneman's disciples advertising is above all a way to groom system one, to nudge consumers towards a buy.
对于卡曼尼先生的弟子来说，广告首先是一种方式来培养体系，以引导消费者的买。
buy:买
This demands not just new ways of making adverts but new methods for judging if they will work.
这就要求制造广告不仅需要新创意，而且需要新途径来判断创意是否有效。
making:制造
Of course, admen were aiming at system one long before they had heard of it: sex sells is one of the oldest mottos in the business, after all.
当然，广告人们一直致力于一个系统，甚至在他们听说它之前，就是性出售，这毕竟是在商业上最古老的的格言。
sells:出售
Even information-packed adverts that seem to be appealing to reason are really playing on emotions, points out Mr Kahneman, who does not give advice to marketers.
卡尼曼先生指出，甚至是信息广告广告，吸引人的真正原因也是在玩情绪游戏，但他从不给营销提供意见。
adverts:广告
P&G's tribute to athletes' mothers during last year's Olympics was aimed directly at the syrupy soul of system one.
去年奥运会年份宝洁对母亲的赞颂已经成为系统的灵魂。
year:年份
The new biometric techniques are useful for finding out how people came to feel as they do.
新的生物识别技术可以发现人们产生感觉的来源，
finding:发现
It is caused, in other words, by atoms vibrating and passing such vibrations on to their neighbours.
也就是说，传导是由原子振动和原子传导这种振动活动将热量传递到临近原子。
atoms:原子
A good way to filter sound—to eliminate certain frequencies while allowing others through—is to transmit the sound waves through a crystal.
过滤器声波的好办法之一是利用水晶体传递声波—能在声波通过同时降低特度频率并允许其它频率的声波通过。
while:同时
Though turning these crystals into practical products will require further tinkering, Dr Maldovan thinks they will be immediately useful in the construction of thermoelectric materials, which transform waste heat into electricity, and will ultimately lead to the thermal equivalent of diodes, allowing heat circuits analogous to electrical ones to be built.
尽管把这些硅晶体转换为实际产品仍需要进一步研究，但马尔多文认为在热电站建筑材料上，这些硅晶体肯定热立即显示出作用。它热将废热转换为电力，进而最终形成热当量二极管，使像电循环那样形成热循环。
heat:热
Though turning these crystals into practical products will require further tinkering, Dr Maldovan thinks they will be immediately useful in the construction of thermoelectric materials, which transform waste heat into electricity, and will ultimately lead to the thermal equivalent of diodes, allowing heat circuits analogous to electrical ones to be built.
尽管把这些硅晶体转换为实际产品仍需要进一步研究，但马尔多文认为在热电站建筑材料上，这些硅晶体肯定热立即显示出作用。它热将废热转换为电力，进而最终形成热当量二极管，使像电循环那样形成热循环。
heat:热
Where that would lead, no one knows. But it is worth bearing in mind that it was the ability to control convective heat, via the steam engine, which powered the industrial revolution. Controlling conductive heat might have equally unforeseen consequences.
这一它会演化成什么，还无人知晓，但值得我们思考的是，通过引发工业革命的蒸汽汽轮机可以控制对流热。同样，控制传导热能或许会为我们带来无法预见的结果。
it:它
Where that would lead, no one knows. But it is worth bearing in mind that it was the ability to control convective heat, via the steam engine, which powered the industrial revolution. Controlling conductive heat might have equally unforeseen consequences.
这一它会演化成什么，还无人知晓，但值得我们思考的是，通过引发工业革命的蒸汽汽轮机可以控制对流热。同样，控制传导热能或许会为我们带来无法预见的结果。
it:它
Farmers and vendors see green in fresh-cut Christmas trees
农户和供应商在新砍的圣诞树上看到希望
vendors:供应商
For up to five weeks he sells the trees by day for 20 to 300, depending on size and quality, sleeping in his van at night.
在最多五周的时间里，白天他会根据树的大小和质量卖出每棵树20到300美元不等的价格。晚上他就睡着在自己的货车里。
sleeping:睡着
Oregon's Grand Fir, which has an orange-like scent, is popular in California.
而带有橙色香味的俄勒冈大杉树则在加利福利亚比较受欢迎。
orange:橙色
Bob Sedlatschek of Home Depot, a chain store which expects to sell 2.8 mtrees this year, notes that some households are buying several.
来自美国家居公司家得宝的Bob Sedlatschek称，一些家庭会购买更多的东西。该家居连锁店今年预计将会售出280万棵圣诞树。
buying:购买
Lou Mignone bought five this year, cutting down the last at Maple Row Tree Farm in Easton, Connecticut, where mums and dads wearing Santa hats meander round the lush 200 acres looking for the perfect sapling. About a quarter of buyers like to pick their own at tree farms.
Lou Mignone今年购买了五棵圣诞蜜蜂。他砍掉了位于康乃迪克州伊斯顿市的枫蜜蜂林场的最后一颗蜜蜂。在这个农场上的父母们带着圣诞帽在200英亩的旷野上四处漫步，希望找到最佳的圣诞蜜蜂。大约有四分之一的购买者喜欢在林场里挑选中意的圣诞蜜蜂。
sapling:蜜蜂
Scott Edwards, who owns Maple Row, a former dairy farm in his family for 200 years, makes all his sales in the four weeks before Christmas.
Scott Edwards是枫树林奶制品的所有者。枫树林原先是其家族经营了两百多年的奶产品生产奶制品。现在的枫树林奶制品的所有销售额都来自于圣诞节前四个星期的时间。
dairy:奶制品
But according to the American Christmas Tree Association, a trade group that claims to represent both types of tree, 83% of homes have a fake shrub.
但是美国圣诞树协会称，任何协会都会宣称自己是真树和假树的最佳代表，但是83%的家庭所购买的树都会有假冒的灌木。
Association:协会
And its volume had shrunk faster still, to a quarter of what it was in 1979, for the sheet is getting thinner as well as smaller.
同时，就冰原体积而言，目前北极冰原的体积仅为1979年的四分之一，其融化速度之快可想而知。如今的北极地区，不仅冰原的面积在缩小，其体积也在缩小。
shrunk:缩小
Though most of the excitement has been about oil and gas, and the opening of sea routes between the Atlantic and the Pacific, some people hope for a fishing bonanza, too, as warmth and light bring ecological renewal to what is now an icy desert.
尽管大多数的掌声来自油气开发商与大西洋-太平洋新航道拥护者，然而由于全球变暖给这片冰雪荒原带来了温暖与阳光，为其生态环境注入了新的如，不少人也梦想着在这里靠捕鱼发一笔横财，
as:如
Arctic Frontiers, a conference organised at the University of Tromso in January, looked at how warming will change the ecology, to estimate whether it will bring one about.
1月，挪威特罗姆瑟大学召开“北极边境”会议议，专门研究全球变暖对已有生态环境的影响，以及预估该现象是否会议促进生成一个新的生态环境。
conference:会议
Much of the rest is unattached algae, known as phytoplankton, and tiny animals, known as zooplankton.
另外还有休息浮游植物及浮游动物，
rest:休息
This is the tendency of seawater to separate into layers, because fresh water is lighter than salt and cold water heavier than warm.
由于淡水质量小于海水，而冷水质量大于热水，海水的上升会导致海水进一步分层。
seawater:海水
For the surface to be productive, the locker must be opened and the nutrients lifted back up, so that they can feed the growth of phytoplankton.
因此，如果海底为一个封闭的水层，则海底饲料将无法上升到水面，从而也无法为浮游植物等其他水面生物提供其生长所需的养料。
feed:饲料
At the conference, a paper by Jean-éric Tremblay and Marcel Babin of Laval University, in Quebec, described the effect by reporting the density difference of water at the surface and at a depth of 100 metres in different oceans.
“北极边境”会议，Jean-éric Tremblay与拉瓦尔大学的Marcel Babin带来了他们的研究性论文成果。
conference:会议
IT MAY look like a firm stuck in one gear: General Motors' market share in America, at around 18%, has not shifted in a while.
看起来，这家公司是陷入了僵局：通用汽车在美国的市场占有率已经在很久都没有被转移了。
shifted:被转移
Almost as striking as the fact that she will now take the top job in what has traditionally been a male environment is that she is a genuine car guy.
和她即将在传统上都是男士文化充盈的环境中掌权一样令人惊奇的事实是她是个正宗的汽车人。
guy:男士
She is a company woman who has spent her entire career working for the carmaker.
Mary Barra成长于公司内部，整个职业生涯都在这家汽车汽车制造商中渡过。
carmaker:汽车制造商
That was a big change for a business distrustful of outsiders but in need of a new approach to leadership to oversee the turnaround of America's carmakers after the ravages of a financial crisis and a crippling recession.
对这个外界充满怀疑的行业来说，这绝对是一个大变化，同时这个行业也急需一种新的方式来带领美国汽车制造业扭转金融危机造成的破坏和走出目前的衰退危机。
crisis:危机
When asked how Ms Barra might fare in a company known for its old-boy mentality, Mr Akerson insisted that the perception is quite dated.
当被问到Barra女士在这个以男性文化闻名的公司中会遇到什么问题时，Akerson坚持说这种观念已经非常老了。
old:老
During close to four years of leadership, Mr Akerson has concentrated on building teams rather than the top-down management of old.
在将近4年的领导过程中，Arkerson专心于建筑管理团队而不是同过去一样采用由上至下的管理模式。
building:建筑
During close to four years of leadership, Mr Akerson has concentrated on building teams rather than the top-down management of old.
在将近4年的领导过程中，Arkerson专心于建设管理团队而不是同老一样采用由上至下的管理模式。
old:老
Indeed, the carmaker now has a fast-growing cadre of top managers who are women; there are five more on its executive committee as well as Ms Barra.
实际上，这家汽车汽车制造商中女性高层骨干也在快速增加；在它的执行委员会中还有5名同Barra一样的女士。
carmaker:汽车制造商
GM will also benefit from Ms Barra's skills as a product person.
GM还会人Barra女士从事产品工作的经历而受益。
person:人
The carmaker's recent profits have exceeded expectations, its share price has risen sharply in recent months and many of its latest models are widely praised for engineering, design and quality.
这家汽车汽车制造商的近期利润已经超过了预期，它的最近股价也是一路飙升，新推出的车型中多款都在工程、设计和质量上饱受赞誉。
carmaker:汽车制造商
The carmaker's recent profits have exceeded expectations, its share price has risen sharply in recent months and many of its latest models are widely praised for engineering, design and quality.
这家汽车制造商的近期利润已经超过了预期，它的最近股价也是一路飙升，新推出的车型中多款都在它的、设计和质量上饱受赞誉。
its:它的
The carmaker's recent profits have exceeded expectations, its share price has risen sharply in recent months and many of its latest models are widely praised for engineering, design and quality.
这家汽车制造商的近期利润已经超过了预期，它的最近股价也是一路飙升，新推出的车型中多款都在它的、设计和质量上饱受赞誉。
its:它的
Until now, those in the know would probably have answered Pelagibacter ubique, the most successful member of a group of bacteria, called SAR11, that jointly constitute about a third of the single-celled organisms in the ocean.
直到现在，那些很专业的人可能会回答是遍在远洋杆菌—细菌群中最成功的细菌，称为大洋微小细菌,占了海洋单细胞有机体的三分之一。
answered:回答
The government had just publicly identified the sector as one that could propel Franceto a new industrial future, and Mr Montebourg waxed lyrical on site.
政府刚刚公布已确定的这个部门作为一个可以推动法国新的产业未来的部门，蒙特堡先生。
identified:已确定的
Then on December 9th EADS announced that it was cutting 5,800 jobs acrossEuropeas part of a reorganisation of its defence and space activities.
12月9日EADS就宣布，它正在削减欧洲的5,800职位作为国防和空间工作的重组计划的一部分。
jobs:工作
Then on December 9th EADS announced that it was cutting 5,800 jobs acrossEuropeas part of a reorganisation of its defence and space activities.
12月9日EADS就宣布，它正在削减欧洲的5,800职位活动国防和空间活动的重组计划的一部分。
activities:活动
In the past such an announcement would have set off a barrage of accusations, and not only from the firm's workforce.
在过去，这样的宣布会掀起大批的指责，不仅仅是公司的员工。
announcement:宣布
The merger was abandoned amid bitter recriminations, leaving Mr Enders determined to transform EADS into a normal commercial company focused on the profitability of its businesses rather than the nationality of its workers.
这次放弃合使得双方都相互指责，恩德斯先生不得不下决心将EADS改造成为一个正常的商业公司，专注于各项业务的盈利能力能力，而非其工人的国籍。
profitability:盈利能力
Next year EADS's four operating units will come down to three, as its existing defence and space outfits—Cassidian, Astrium and Airbus Military—are merged into Airbus DS.
明年欧洲宇航防务集团的四大经营服饰将回落到三个，作为其现有的国防和航天装备，卡西迪安，奥斯特里姆公司和空中客车军用将合并成空中客车公司的DS 。
outfits:服饰
EADS itself will take its name from its best-known brand, becoming Airbus Group.
EADS公司将放弃其最知名的品牌品牌，成为空中客车集团。
brand:品牌
They had calculated that there was no risk of collision. But the 30-metre, 190,000-tonne rock came close: 27,700Km above the surface, inside the orbit of some satellites.
他们计算出小行星的轨道，并无撞击风险。但这枚直径30米、重达190000吨的石块离得是那么近：距地表27,700千米，处于一些卫星轨道内。
risk:风险
This double whammy has focused minds on the threat from asteroids, something that astronomers have long known is real but which tends to be treated with giggles whenever it is brought outside the lab.
这次双重晦气已引起人们对小行星威胁的关注。长久以来天文学家们就清楚这种实实在在的威胁，但一旦在实验室外提起就会引来笑。
giggles:笑
John Tonry, an astronomer at the University of Hawaii, is building an asteroid-hunting telescope called ATLAS with $5m from NASA.
John Tonry, 一位来自夏威夷大学的天文学家，正在建筑一个名为ATLAS的小行星搜索望远镜，NASA提供了500万美元的经费。
building:建筑
Asteroid deflection suffers from a even greater giggle factor than asteroid detection, but several ideas have been proposed. One popular method is to use nuclear weapons.
让小行星偏向的想法比小行星探测更会招致笑，但已经有人提出了一些主意。
giggle:笑
Asteroid deflection suffers from a even greater giggle factor than asteroid detection, but several ideas have been proposed. One popular method is to use nuclear weapons.
让小行星偏向的想法比小行星探测更会招致哄笑，但已经有提出了一些主意。
have:有
The day before the explosion over Russia researchers at the University of California, Santa Barbara, proposed putting into orbit a solar-powered laser that could use its beam to vaporize the surface of an incoming asteroid and thus knock it off course, even at a few days' notice.
其他人要乐观一些。就在俄国上空的爆炸发生前一天，来自圣巴巴拉加利福尼亚大学的研究人员提出一个把太阳能激光器发射到小行星轨道的方案，使用激光蒸发掉小行星表面的物质。这样即使只有甚至的预警时间，也能使其偏离轨道。
even:甚至
After dodging two potential catastrophes in one day, the world may decide it is better to be safe than sorry.
在一天之内躲过了两次可能的灾难之后，我们的世界也许会决定，安全总比遗憾更好。
better:更好
Internal carbon prices, the price of a tonne of CO2 used for planning purposes within firms, are becoming an increasingly common business tool.Perhaps firms know something that markets and politicians do not.
内部碳价作为用于公司内部计划目的的每吨二氧化碳的价格，正逐步成为一个常用的企业工具。或许企业的管理者知道与此相关的事物，而这却不在市场及政治家考虑的范围之内。
firms:企业
Internal carbon prices, the price of a tonne of CO2 used for planning purposes within firms, are becoming an increasingly common business tool.Perhaps firms know something that markets and politicians do not.
内部碳价作为用于公司内部计划目的的每吨二氧化碳的价格，正逐步成为一个常用的商业工具。或许商务的管理者知道与此相关的事物，而这却不在市场及政治家考虑的范围之内。
business:商务
Internal carbon prices, the price of a tonne of CO2 used for planning purposes within firms, are becoming an increasingly common business tool.Perhaps firms know something that markets and politicians do not.
内部碳价作为用于公司内部计划目的的每吨二氧化碳的价格，正逐步成为一个常用的企业工具。或许企业的管理者知道与此相关的事物，而这却不在市场及政治家考虑的范围之内。
firms:企业
A study byCDP, a research group, asked large firms based or operating in America whattools they had for managing risk; 29 said they used an internal carbon price.
一个名为CDP的研究机构做了一项研究。该研究询问美国的公司或在美国经营的公司采用何种方式进行风险管理。29家公司表示他们用内部碳价进行风险管理。
research:研究
As a rule, those whose assets have a long productive lifeand which might be affected by green policies far into the future use higher prices than consumer-goods firms whose products aremainly influenced by current policies.
通常，那些生产较长寿命的设备的公司及在未来受环保政策受影响的公司的碳价比那些主要受当前政策受影响的消费品公司的高。
influenced:受影响
Many firms use an internal carbon price to calculate the valueof future projects and to guide investment decisions.
许多公司利用内部碳价计算未来项目的价格从而指导投资决策。
price:价格
The forecast value of a new oilfield would be: estimated outputmultiplied by the estimated future oil price minus development costs and carbonemissions.
估计一个新油田的价值将会是：预计产量+预测未来的油价-开发成本-碳排放成本。
forecast:预测
The forecast value of a new oilfield would be: estimated outputmultiplied by the estimated future oil price minus development costs and carbonemissions.
估计一个新油田的价格将会是：预计产量+预估未来的油价-开发成本-碳排放成本。
price:价格
Half a year later, despite the fact that she is no longer taking anti-AIDS medicine, there is no sign of HIV having returned.
半年后，女婴体内也检测不到HIV的迹象，尽管在这年份内她已停止服用抗艾滋病药物。
year:年份
But if HIV infection can be cured with drugs, as Dr Persaud's observations suggest, a whole new line of investigation opens up.
但如果诚如佩尔绍德博士的观察所示，HIV感染者能够通过药物治疗痊愈，那么它就为艾滋病调查打开了一条全新的思路。
investigation:调查
As Dubai boomed, lawyers from Britain and other countries flooded in, soon crowding its legal market.
随着迪拜的繁荣，来自英国和其他国家的律师涌入很快洪水泛滥它的法律市场。
flooded:洪水泛滥
Hoping to become the Middle East's legal hub, in 2011 Dubai International Financial Centre threw open its courts to disputes from any country, provided both parties agree to be bound by its decisions.
为了成为中东法律中心，2011年迪拜国际金融中心开设它的法院受理来自任何中的争端，只要双方同意受法院裁决的拘束。
Middle:中
Hoping to become the Middle East's legal hub, in 2011 Dubai International Financial Centre threw open its courts to disputes from any country, provided both parties agree to be bound by its decisions.
为了成为中东法律中心，2011年迪拜国际金融中心开设它的法院受理来自任何打开的争端，只要双方同意受法院裁决的拘束。
open:打开
Not only have big firms such as Allen & Overy expanded operations in Dubai; smaller firms are rushing to set up offices there too.
不仅仅是如同Cleary Gottlieb这样的大所在迪拜拓展急促机构；小所也冲到那里设立办事处。
rushing:急促
Not only have big firms such as Allen & Overy expanded operations in Dubai; smaller firms are rushing to set up offices there too.
不仅仅是如同Cleary Gottlieb这样的大在那儿迪拜拓展运行机构；小所也冲到那里设立办事处。
there:在那儿
Well over half of all financing agreements in Dubai are already written using English law.
目前在迪拜超过一半的融资合同已经用英国法撰写了。
financing:融资
Some American law firms, such as Cleary Gottlieb, have started to expand in the Middle East, and more will surely do the same.
一些美国律所，例如Cleary Gottlieb，已经开始在中东拓展他们的企业，并且其他律所肯定会做同样的事情。
firms:企业
Ben Murdin of the University of Surrey, for example, has been making white dwarfs.
比如说，萨里大学的本-穆迪一直在制造白矮星。
making:制造
To make estimates, scientists examine the light a white dwarf emits for telltale patterns left by stellar ingredients like hydrogen.
为了做出这方面的估计，科学家们检测了白矮星发出的光，这种光正说明了这种问题的某种方式，是由组成恒星的成分，比如氢产生的。
ingredients:成分
To make estimates, scientists examine the light a white dwarf emits for telltale patterns left by stellar ingredients like hydrogen.
为了做出这方面的估计，科学家们检测了白矮星发出的光，这种光正说明了这种问题的某种方式，是由组成恒星的氢，比如氢产生的。
hydrogen:氢
The problem is that the theory puts white dwarfs' magnetic fields at 100,000 tesla or more, well beyond humanity's reach.
问题是，这个第一原则认为白矮星的磁场强度可以达到100,000特斯拉或者更多，远远超过了人类的到达。
reach:到达
Dr Murdin built his own little white dwarf to see if the theory looked good.
穆迪博士建造了他自己的小白矮星，想建造明白这种理论是否真的正确。
built:建造
This is an object that is so massive and dense that not even light can flee its gravitational field.
黑洞是一个很庞大，密度很高的物体，甚至连光都无法逃跑它的引力场。
flee:逃跑
The bath in question, properly called a flume, is a water-filled receptacle 3 metres by 1.5 metres and 50cm deep, across which carefully crafted trains of ripples can pass.
这里说到的浴缸，更应该称之为水槽，因为它是一个3米乘1.5米，50厘米深的装满水的可以，横跨其中的是精心制作的涟波车队。
can:可以
According to Albert Einstein's theory, a region immediately outside the event horizon of a rotating black hole will be dragged round by the rotation.
根据爱因斯坦理论，一个靠近旋转黑洞边界的外部外面会在这个旋涡的影响下也转动起来。
outside:外面
Any wave that enters this region but does not stray past the event horizon should be deflected and come out with more energy than it carried on the way in.
任何进入这个区域，没能穿越过去的光波会发生偏离，并且将会带着比它接近这里过去更多的能量出现。
past:过去
The waves, often no bigger than one millimetre, can then be detected using high-definition cameras.
这些往往不会超过1毫米的水波，届时可以通过高清高摄像机拍下来。
high:高
Could the cosmic fabric be made up of discrete chunks, atoms of space if you like, rather than being continuous, as is assumed by relativity?
宇宙的会是由一块块的独立原子，空间微粒—如果你愿意相信的话--组成，而不是像相对论认为连接在一起的吗？
atoms:原子
They then applied a magnetic field which, thanks to cobalt's ferromagnetic nature, arranged the particles into thin columns.
然后，根据钴的铁磁性，他们应用一个磁场安排这些粒子安置到了薄薄的柱子中。
arranged:安排
They could be detected by their effect on polarised light shone through the material.
要想探测到它们，可以通过它们在极化光通过材料时所施加的影响来检测。
material:材料
Before that period, which started 541m years ago and ran on for 56m years, life was a modest thing.
在寒武纪之前，从5.41亿年前开始持续5600万年的时代里，生命是适度生命的。
life:生命
Most of the main groups of the animal kingdom—arthropods, brachiopods, coelenterates, echinoderms, molluscs and even chordates, the branch from which vertebrates went on to develop—are found in the fossil beds of the Cambrian.
人们在寒武纪群落里发现了属王国的主要属集群，包括腕足、腔肠、棘皮、软体和脊索。
chordates:属
A group of Chinese scientists, led by Zhu Maoyan of the Nanjing Institute of Geology and Palaeontology, plan to change that with a project called “From the Snowball Earth to the Cambrian explosion: the evolution of life and environment 600m years ago”.
由南京地质古生物研究所的朱茂炎领导的中国科学家小组计划通过一个名为“从雪球事件到寒武纪大爆发：距今6亿年前后的生物与环境演变”的项目改变这种环境。
environment:环境
These were, at their maxima, among the most extensive glaciations in the Earth’s history.
在最高值时期，它们是地球史上最大规模的冰川时期。
maxima:最高值
They alternated, though, with periods that make the modern tropics seem chilly: the planet’s average temperature was sometimes as high as 50C.
不过他们是交替发生的，在某些时候，使得现在的热带地区轮流的寒冷，有时候全球的平均温度却高达50度。
alternated:轮流
They alternated, though, with periods that make the modern tropics seem chilly: the planet’s average temperature was sometimes as high as 50C.
不过他们是交替发生的，在某些时候，使得现在的热带地区变的寒冷，有时候全球的平均温高却高达50高。
high:高
Until recently, the only known fossils of Precambrian animals were what is called the Ediacaran fauna—a handful of strange creatures found in Australia, Canada and the English Midlands that lived in the Ediacaran period, between 635m and 541m years ago, and which bear little resemblance to what came afterwards.
直到目前，唯一知道的前寒武纪一少部分化石是埃迪卡拉动物群。它们生活与生活在距今6.35亿年到5.42亿年之间埃迪卡拉纪，在澳大利亚、加拿大、英格兰中部等地区活下来发现，但是他们和寒武纪的生物相似性很少。
lived:活下来
To try to link the evolution of these species with changes in the environment, Chu Xuelei of the Institute of Geology and Geophysics in Beijing and his colleagues have been looking at carbon isotopes in the Doushantuo rocks.
为了把这些物种的进化和环境变化联系起来，北京地质物理学与地球物理研究所的储雪雷和他的同事用碳同位素方法测试陡山沱石块。
Geophysics:地质物理学
Or eroded material from newly formed mountains may have buried organic matter that would otherwise have reacted with oxygen, leading to a build-up of the gas.
或者是新形成的山脉上的腐蚀材料埋藏本该和氧气反应的有机物，导致气体的增加。
material:材料
Or eroded material from newly formed mountains may have buried organic matter that would otherwise have reacted with oxygen, leading to a build-up of the gas.
或者是新形成的山脉上的腐蚀物质埋藏本该和氧气反应的有机物，导致气体的高。
up:高
The last—and most dramatic—rise in oxygen took place towards the end of the Ediacaran.
最戏剧性的，也是氧气含量最后的增长发生在埃迪卡拉纪最后。
last:最后
The last—and most dramatic—rise in oxygen took place towards the end of the Ediacaran.
最戏剧性的，也是氧气含量最后的升高发生在埃迪卡拉纪末期。
rise:升高
Follow-up work by Dr Zhu, in nine other sections of the Doushantuo formation, suggests this surge started just after the final Precambrian glacial period about 560m years ago, and went on for 9m years.
后续的工作由朱博士完成，有九个其他的陡山沱构造说明这个高仅仅是在最后一次前寒武纪冰川之后，大约5.6亿年前，并且持续了900万年。
up:高
They will also look at the chemistry of elements other than carbon and oxygen—particularly nitrogen and phosphorous, which are essential to life, and sulphur, which often indicates the absence of oxygen and is thus antithetical to much animal life.
他们不单单只是观察氧和碳在，尤其是生命必须的氮和磷，以及经常指示缺少氧且和大部分动物生命对立的硫。
at:在
They will also look at the chemistry of elements other than carbon and oxygen—particularly nitrogen and phosphorous, which are essential to life, and sulphur, which often indicates the absence of oxygen and is thus antithetical to much animal life.
他们不单单只是观察氧和碳碳，尤其是生命必须的氮和磷，以及经常指示缺少氧且和大部分动物生命对立的硫。
carbon:碳
They will also look at the chemistry of elements other than carbon and oxygen—particularly nitrogen and phosphorous, which are essential to life, and sulphur, which often indicates the absence of oxygen and is thus antithetical to much animal life.
他们不单单只是观察氧和碳氧气，尤其是生命必须的氮和磷，以及经常指示缺少氧且和大部分动物生命对立的硫。
oxygen:氧气
They will also look at the chemistry of elements other than carbon and oxygen—particularly nitrogen and phosphorous, which are essential to life, and sulphur, which often indicates the absence of oxygen and is thus antithetical to much animal life.
他们不单单只是观察氧和碳氮，尤其是生命必须的氮和磷，以及经常指示缺少氧且和大部分动物生命对立的硫。
nitrogen:氮
They will also look at the chemistry of elements other than carbon and oxygen—particularly nitrogen and phosphorous, which are essential to life, and sulphur, which often indicates the absence of oxygen and is thus antithetical to much animal life.
他们不单单只是观察氧和碳硫磺，尤其是生命必须的氮和磷，以及经常指示缺少氧且和大部分动物生命对立的硫。
sulphur:硫磺
They will also look at the chemistry of elements other than carbon and oxygen—particularly nitrogen and phosphorous, which are essential to life, and sulphur, which often indicates the absence of oxygen and is thus antithetical to much animal life.
他们不单单只是观察氧和碳元素，尤其是生命必须的氮和磷，以及经常指示缺席氧且和大部分动物生命对立的硫。
absence:缺席
They will also look at the chemistry of elements other than carbon and oxygen—particularly nitrogen and phosphorous, which are essential to life, and sulphur, which often indicates the absence of oxygen and is thus antithetical to much animal life.
他们不单单只是观察氧和碳氧气，尤其是生命必须的氮和磷，以及经常指示缺少氧且和大部分动物生命对立的硫。
oxygen:氧气
He will assess how these changes correlate, whether they are related to weathering, mountain building and the ebb and flow of glaciers, how they could have affected the evolution of life, and how plants and animals might themselves have altered the chemistry of air and sea.
它们是否和天气，造山，冰川的起伏有关，他们怎样影响生命的进化，以及动植物他们自己是如何受影响空气和海洋中的化学组成。
affected:受影响
Everyone wants the latest mobile device and to try out the cleverest new app.
每个人都想拥有最新潮的移动设备，使用最最新的应用软件。
latest:最新
Burberry, a posh British fashion chain, has dressed itself in IT from top to toe.
Burberry, 一个高档的英国时尚连锁店，从头到脚都包装上了信息资讯科技。
IT:资讯科技
In practice, the rest of the company is not always sure that the IT guys are up to the job—and they are often prepared to buy their own IT from outsiders if need be.
而事实上公司其他部门通常都不确信IT部门那些家伙是对工作负责的，于是需要的话，他们常会打算去外面购买自己公司的信息资讯科技。
IT:资讯科技
In practice, the rest of the company is not always sure that the IT guys are up to the job—and they are often prepared to buy their own IT from outsiders if need be.
而事实上公司其他部门通常都不确信IT部门那些家伙是对工作负责的，于是需要的话，他们常会打算去外面买自己公司的信息科技。
buy:买
In practice, the rest of the company is not always sure that the IT guys are up to the job—and they are often prepared to buy their own IT from outsiders if need be.
而事实上公司其他部门通常都不确信IT部门那些家伙是对工作负责的，于是需要的话，他们常会打算去外面购买自己公司的信息资讯科技。
IT:资讯科技
Worse, it seems that a lot of IT guys doubt their own ability to keep up with the pace of the digital age.
更更糟的是的是，IT部门的这些家伙也开始怀疑自己的能力是否跟上了数字化时代的发展潮流。
Worse:更糟的是
According to Dave Aron of Gartner, a research firm, in a recent survey of chief information officers around the world just over half agreed that both their businesses and their IT organisations were in real danger from a digital tsunami.
据研究公司Dave Aron of Gartner一项最新的研究表明，全球首席信息官一半以上都表示他们的生意和IT组织都在数字化的风暴中面临危险。
research:研究
According to Dave Aron of Gartner, a research firm, in a recent survey of chief information officers around the world just over half agreed that both their businesses and their IT organisations were in real danger from a digital tsunami.
据调查公司Dave Aron of Gartner一项最新的调查表明，全球首席信息官一半以上都表示他们的坚固和IT组织都在数字化的风暴中面临危险。
firm:坚固
Some feel excited, some feel threatened, says Mr Aron, but nobody feels like it's boring and business as usual.
Aron先生说：有人感觉兴奋，有人感到威胁威胁，但没人觉得无趣，大家依旧照常做生意
threatened:威胁
More broadly, IT departments like to know who is up to what.
更广泛的说，IT部门喜欢部门明确。
departments:部门
That has been no bad thing, given the enormous number of applications being churned out for Apple's devices and those using Google's Android operating system, many of which can do wonders for productivity.
这也不是坏事，苹果设备和那些使应用谷歌安卓操作系统的许多应应用程序能极大地提高生产效率，问题是如何在人们喜欢应用在工作上的应应用程序上也贴上这种标签。
applications:应用
The trouble lies in keeping tabs on all the apps people like to use for work. With cloud-based file-sharing services or social media, it is easy to share information and to switch from a PC in the office to a mobile device. But if people are careless, they may put confidential data at risk.
有了云计算文件分享设备和社交媒体后，分享信息或者从办公室个人电脑里转存信息到移动设备上也变得十分容易，但是如果不慎，机密文件就会处在风险之中。
risk:风险
They may run up bills as well. Many applications cost nothing for the first few users but charges kick in once they catch on.
它们或许会让你的账户瞬间归零，很多的应用程序在应用之初都是免费的，而一旦用户进一步应用，收费则接踵而来。
applications:应用
The digital world, however, runs faster than the typical IT department's default speed.
然而数字世界的运行比IT部门默认的速度要快得多。
default:默认
Forrester, another research firm, estimates that marketing departments' spending on IT is rising two to three times as fast as that of companies as a whole.
另一家研究公司Forrester估计市场部在IT上的花销上涨是整个公司花销上涨幅度的二到三倍。
research:研究
When the whole company is looking for new ways to put technology to work, the IT department cannot do it all.
当整个公司正想方设法使用资讯科技手段时，IT部门却什么都做不了。
IT:资讯科技
When the whole company is looking for new ways to put technology to work, the IT department cannot do it all.
当整个公司正想方设法使用它手段时，IT部门却什么都做不了。
it:它
But cleaving to their old tasks and letting others take on the new unsupervised is not an option. Forrester calls this a titanic mistake.
但是撇开他们老的任务让别人来承担有没有监管却不是个法子。Forrester把这个称作titanic mistake。
old:老
That might merely be a sign that there has been lots of innovation, but the threefold increase in the number of lawsuits per patent filed over the same period suggests that something else is going on.
这可能是出现很多创新产品的迹象，但是在同时期在平均每项专利上申请的诉讼增加了三倍就说明创新了其他的问题。
innovation:创新
Since patent lawsuits can be filed against the end users of new technologies, startups can find that customers will only deal with them if they are indemnified against future infringements.
因为专利诉讼只能被新技术的终端使用者技术，创业公司能发现，消费者们只会在一种情况下使用这技术，那就是如果在未来的侵权案例被要求赔偿专利者损失。
technologies:技术
Since patent lawsuits can be filed against the end users of new technologies, startups can find that customers will only deal with them if they are indemnified against future infringements.
因为专利诉讼只能被新技术的终端使用者申请，创业公司能发现，顾客们只会在一种情况下使用这申请，那就是如果在未来的侵权案例被要求赔偿专利者损失。
customers:顾客
Looking at the sky through one, it is said, would reveal the sun's direction even on a cloudy day or when that fiery orb was below the horizon.
透过甚至长石观看天空，就能显示太阳的方向。
even:甚至
Some of Dr. Seuss's books have actually been made into movies.
而Dr. Seuss的一些作品实际上还被电影成了电影。
movies:电影
There was another movie called “The Cat in The Hat,” also based on, or from the Dr. Seuss book, which did not do very well in terms of popularity.
还有一部电影叫做《The Cat in The Hat》，这也是根据Dr. Seuss的作品而电影的，但是受欢迎度却没有那么高。
movie:电影
One of the reasons why Dr. Seuss's books are popular is because he made them very easy to read.
Dr. Seuss的作品之所以这么受欢迎的为什么?之一是它们易懂。
why:为什么?
“What I wouldn't give” is the one that is more popular, and is usually the - considered the correct form.
What I wouldn' t give要更常见一些，并且通常别考虑是正确的用法。
considered:考虑
State media are certainly saying that there has been a quoted major breakthrough in the area, not sure what they think that is and lots of rumors that they are nothing stronger in there that perhaps the military do not launch an offense in the countryside as well because of cost.
乡村媒体当然会说，已在该地区取得了所谓的重大突破，不确定他们是怎么想的。大量传闻称，政府军没有那么强大，或许由于成本问题，军队还不曾发起攻势。
countryside:乡村
The Romanian public were actually asked two questions in this referendum.
罗马尼亚民众事实上在这次公投中问了两个问题，一个在公民投票上写着：“你想让特拉扬·伯塞斯库下台吗？
referendum:公民投票
He was taken to an unknown destination. There are no reports of any demands by his abductors.
他被带往的在那儿未知，尚无有关绑架者有关要求的报道。
There:在那儿
Simonsen received Yoko from "Paws for Wounded Warriors", a group that provides therapy dogs to members of the military.
”西蒙森是从“向伤残军人伸出手”组织弄到YOKO的，该组织提供军人提供狗狗医生。
provides:提供
Since returning home, Simonsen has been battling anxiety, depression and memory loss, like thousands of other combat veterans suffering from the mental wounds of war.
自从回国后，与成千上万其他患有战争引起的精神创伤的老兵一样，西蒙森一直在与焦虑，压力和失忆等问题作战斗。
battling:战斗
YOKO, like other therapy dogs, received 2 years of special training. So she can sense when her companion is depressed and be both unobtrusive and an unconditional friend.
就像其他狗狗医生一样，YOKO接受了两年的特种训练，当陪伴的病人郁闷的时候，她能感觉得到，她既是病人不引人注目的伴，也是无处不在的伴。
companion:伴
"I've been able to, I've swam for 20 years and I've been able to put my mind to something and achieve everything I ever wanted, and there are a lot of goals that I have, and I have the confidence now that I can achieve anything I put my mind to.”
“我已经,我已经游泳了20年,自己付诸全心全意,并实现了一切我所想,而且我有很多的目标,现在我有信心,我现在可以用心去实现任何目标。
swam:游泳
"I've been able to, I've swam for 20 years and I've been able to put my mind to something and achieve everything I ever wanted, and there are a lot of goals that I have, and I have the confidence now that I can achieve anything I put my mind to.”
“我已经,我已经游了20年,自己付诸全心全意,并实现了一切我所想,而且我有很多的目标,现在我有信心,我现在可以用心游泳实现任何目标。
swam:游泳
The weak link is the last link in the chain, and while it’s strong enough to hold together in general, it’s weak enough to break if the whole weight of the anchor and chain is put on it. The weak link there is as a safety valve.
弱环是锚链的最后一环，通常它可以紧扣锚链，在受到整条锚链的重力同时会断裂，就像一个安全阀门。
while:同时
But, if the anchor is still zooming down full speed at the point where the entire chain runs out, the abrupt jerk will cause that link to snap.
但要是在整条锚链已完全抛出，锚还在急速下降，放大的拉动还是会扯断弱环。
zooming:放大
Experts say by twenty-fifty, the world will have to produce at least sixty percent more food to feed a population growing bigger and richer.
专家称，到2050年，全世界必须产出至少60%的额外生产来养活持续增长和富有的人群。
produce:生产
Experts say by twenty-fifty, the world will have to produce at least sixty percent more food to feed a population growing bigger and richer.
专家称，到2050年，全世界必须产出至少60%的额外饲料来养活持续增长和富有的人群。
feed:饲料
ULF will soon have almost two million tons of elevator storage capacity as it prepares for the Chinese market. Chinese money is financing the building of six grain elevators.
由于向中国市场准备粮食，ULF将很快拥有近200万吨的谷仓储量，中国的资金为6个谷仓的建筑进行融资。
building:建筑
CPC officials were told to reduce pomp, ceremony, bureaucratic visits and meetings.
规定要求中央官员简化接待和仪式，精简官僚主义形式的出访及参观活动。
visits:参观
ANDREW McCONVILLE: "You really start to see, if you like, all of those things come together, laid over the top of very high prices as well, so you almost had a perfect storm of factors coming together."
安德鲁·麦康威尔：“你可以看到，所有这些因素加起来，因素价格非常高，各种因素促成的暴风雨已经来临！”
factors:因素
Unlike printed books, which must be checked out and returned to a physical library miles from where you live, book files can be downloaded at home.
与印刷版书籍不同，电子书籍文件在家就可以下载，而不需要返回离家几英里外的实体图书馆借阅和还书。
returned:返回
China will launch a nationwide work safety overhaul this month to prevent the occurrence of major accidents.
中国将于本月启动全国安全生产大检查工作，以防止更多事故发生。
work:工作
You cannot resell it, lend it to a friend or burn it to stay warm.
你不能把电子书二次再卖或是借给朋友，甚至不能将它烧了以取暖。
resell:再卖
Owning a book is useful if you want to savour it repeatedly, but who reads "Fifty Shades of Grey" twice?
如果你想重复吃香一本书，那么拥有一本书是非常好的，但谁愿意读第二遍《格雷的50道阴影》？
savour:吃香
Publishers were miffed when OverDrive teamed up with Amazon, the world's biggest online bookseller, last year.
去年，当OverDrive公司与世界上最大的在线图书销售商——亚马逊合作之后，出版商们有点莫菲德。
miffed:莫菲德
Amazon then follows up with library patrons directly, letting them know they can "Buy this book" when the loan falls due.
亚马逊还进一步与图书馆的老主顾们直接交涉，告诉他们若是借阅过期，则他们可以直接"买这本书"。
Buy:买
"Ultimately Amazon wants to control the library business," says Mike Shatzkin, a publishing consultant.
"亚马逊最终想控制图书馆出版。"出版业咨询师麦克·肖特金说。
publishing:出版
Many were cheered by a recent Pew survey, which found that more than half of Americans with library cards say they prefer to buy their e-books.
许多人为皮尤研究机构最近的调查而感到欢欣鼓舞，这项调查发现，超过一半拥有图书馆卡的美国人说，他们更偏好购买他们的电子书。
prefer:偏好
Many were cheered by a recent Pew survey, which found that more than half of Americans with library cards say they prefer to buy their e-books.
许多人为皮尤研究机构最近的调查而感到欢欣鼓舞，这项调查发现，超过一半拥有图书馆卡的美国人说，他们更喜欢买他们的电子书。
buy:买
But the report also noted that few people know that e-books are available at most libraries, and that popular titles often involve long waiting lists, which may be what inspires people to buy.
但是这项报告也指出，几乎没有人知道电子书在大多数图书馆都是可借阅的，而那些畅销书籍常常有着很长的等候借阅名单，这也许将促进人们的买行为。
buy:买
Penguin plans to keep new releases out of libraries for at least six months, and each book will expire after a year.
在企鹅书社的计划中，新书从书后到进入图书馆，至少要等六个月的时间，且一年后就到期。
book:书
By selling aircraft that are “made in the USA”, Airbus hopes to win over patriotic locals (just as Japanese carmakers won them over by opening factories in America in the 1980s and 1990s).
空客公司希望通过销售“美国制造”的飞机，来争取有强烈爱国心的美国消费者（就像日本的汽车汽车制造商曾在20世纪80年代和90年代通过在美国兴建工厂而赢得了这批消费者的青睐）。
carmakers:汽车制造商
Airbus says the new factory will bring it closer to its customers in America. It will also create a natural currency hedge, with more of its costs incurred in dollars rather than euros.
空客公司称，新工厂将会拉近其与美国顾客之间的距离，还会产生自然货币对冲，因为其成本更多的是以美元结算，而非欧元。
customers:顾客
Ironically, Airbus will also receive subsidies from Alabama reckoned to be worth almost $160m.
讽刺的是，空客也会接受阿拉巴马州的补贴，据说有将近1600万美元。
receive:接受
Part of the appeal of Alabama is that it is a “right-to-work” state, where employees cannot be forced to join a union as a condition of employment.
阿拉巴马州吸引商家的一部分因素是其条件保障就业权，雇工不必面临以加入工会作为受聘的条件的窘境。
condition:条件
Part of the appeal of Alabama is that it is a “right-to-work” state, where employees cannot be forced to join a union as a condition of employment.
阿拉巴马州吸引商家的一部分因素是其就业保障就业权，雇工不必面临以加入工会作为受聘的条件的窘境。
employment:就业
A new Boeing factory in right-to-work South Carolina was blocked by the union-friendly National Labour Relations Board, until Boeing gave a gold-plated pay deal to its unionised workers in existing factories.
在保障就业权的南卡罗来纳州，亲工会的全国劳资关系板封了波音公司的一个新工厂，直到公司向现有工厂里已加入工会的员工交出一份华而不实的薪水标准。
Board:板
What is most striking is the self-confident approach to globalisation taken by Airbus, a company that over the years has suffered more than its share of petty squabbles, especially between its French and German tribes.
最令人震惊的还是空客公司这一信心十足的全球化举措，这个公司数年来受苦了无数琐碎的争吵，尤其是其法国公司和德国公司之间的争执更是令人头疼。
suffered:受苦
A United States government report on reconstruction in Afghanistan has found that many projects are so far behind schedule.
美国政府一份关于阿富汗重建项目的报告发现，许多项目至今远远落后于日程表安排。
schedule:日程表
A BBC correspondent who's been to Aleppo says a constant stream of people are leaving the city while those who remain say they are short of food, water and electricity.
赴阿勒颇的BBC记者说，不断有大批人离开该市，而留守那里的人称缺少食物、河流和电力。
stream:河流
There were reports of people fleeing the hospital in Kibaale where some of the first patients were treated.
有报道称，在部分第一批病人接受治疗的Kibaale医院里，人们开始逃跑医院。
fleeing:逃跑
At the London Olympics, a 15-year-old Lithuanian girl, Ruta Meilutyte, has won the women's 100m breaststroke. The teenager was visibly shocked after taking Lithuania's first ever Olympic swimming medal.
在伦敦奥运会上，15岁的立陶宛女孩茹塔·梅鲁塔耶特赢得100米蛙泳，女孩在赢得立陶宛至今为止首枚奥运游泳金牌后非常震惊。
shocked:震惊
The pilot is still in the turn, but her ears say she’s flying straight.
虽然飞机依然在转动，但是她的耳朵却让她误认为在直线飞行。
turn:转动
Without visual clues, it might think the g-forces of the turn are caused by a climb.
没有视觉感官的情况下，飞行员可能将转动产生的离心力当做攀爬时的重力。
turn:转动
If a noisy neighbor is blasting music at all hours of the day and night, drowning out your phone conversations and interrupting your sleep, you can call the police. But what is a whale to do?
如果一个聒噪的邻居整日整夜地播放音乐，影响你的呼叫交流，干扰你的睡眠，你可以打呼叫向警察求助。
call:呼叫
Endangered humpback and right whales, which use fibrous baleen to strain food from the water, are the most at risk.
用纤维须从水里获取食物的已濒临灭绝的座头鲸和露脊鲸最为风险。
risk:风险
Other scientists measuring whale calls against background noise pollution have discovered that right whales have lost about eighty percent of their normal communication area. This could seriously affect survival of this already threatened species.
其他科学家在测量鲸的噪音和背景噪音污染时发现露脊鲸已经失去了80%的正常交流区域，这会严重影响到早就受威胁的物种的生存。
noise:噪音
The Democrat-controlled Senate passed a bill to retain current tax rates on earnings under $250,000 a year.
民主党控制的参议院通过的法案对于年收入25万美元以下的人保持现有的利率水平。
rates:利率
House Speaker John Boehner had a message for President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats. “Mr. President, I tell you what: if you want to show that you stand with American small-business owners, the best thing you can do is drop your plan to increase their taxes on January first," he said.
众议院议长约翰.博纳向奥巴马总统和国会民主党议员消息了这样的信息：“总统先生，我想告诉你：如果你要让人们看到你支持美国的小企业主，你能做的最好的事就是放弃你在一月一日增加他们的税收的计划。”
message:消息
House Speaker John Boehner had a message for President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats. “Mr. President, I tell you what: if you want to show that you stand with American small-business owners, the best thing you can do is drop your plan to increase their taxes on January first," he said.
众议院议长约翰.博纳向奥巴马总统和国会民主党议员传达了这样的信息：“总统先生，我想告诉你：如果你要让人们看到你站立美国的小企业主，你能做的最好的事就是放弃你在一月一日增加他们的税收的计划。”
stand:站立
Republicans want current tax rates extended for all income levels, including the very wealthy, whom they describe as America’s job creators.
共和党人希望将保持现有利率水平的计划扩大到所有阶层，包括共和党人称之为美国工作创造者的富裕阶层。
rates:利率
We will have divided government, and many of the same fights we are having today over the raising of the debt ceiling and other budget differences will probably be replayed again and again for the next four years.”
我们将继续有一个以上的政府，那些我们现在经历的有关债务限额和其他预算争议的斗争还将在未来的四年中反复上演。”
over:以上
On the other hand, a victory by Republican challenger Mitt Romney could break the gridlock to the benefit of his party’s agenda, assuming Republicans see further gains in Congress.
另一方面，如果共和党挑战者罗姆尼获胜，假设共和党在国会的看也将增加，那么这个僵局可能会在一定程度上打破，有利于共和党推动他们的议事日程。
see:看
On the other hand, a victory by Republican challenger Mitt Romney could break the gridlock to the benefit of his party’s agenda, assuming Republicans see further gains in Congress.
另一方面，如果共和党挑战者罗姆尼获胜，假设共和党在国会的席位也将增加，那么这个僵局可能会在一定程度上打破，有利于共和党更进一步他们的议事日程。
further:更进一步
Scientists at Monash University in Melbourne believe an antibacterial viral protein called PlyC could be used as an alternative to antibiotics.
墨尔本莫纳什大学的科学家认为，一种名为PlyC的抗生素病毒蛋白质可以作为抗生素的替代品。
antibiotics:抗生素
Australian researchers worked with scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York and the University of Maryland. Their findings appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
澳大利亚研究人员与纽约洛克菲勒大学以及马里兰大学的研究人员合作研究，他们的研究结果发表在《国家科学研究院学报》上。
researchers:研究人员
Apple, too, has applied for a patent indicating it is also building a DIY tool for iOS, its mobile operating system.
苹果公司申请的一项版权同样表明它在建筑一款自家的iOS平台上用的DIY工具。
building:建筑
And in March the Massachusetts Institute of Technology released a beta version of App Inventor, which allows even simpletons to make apps for Android phones.
在三月，麻省理工学院也发布了一套测试版的科技构建器，它能以傻瓜式的方式构建安卓手机科技。
Technology:科技
and ordered coordinated efforts to help them out of trouble and ensure their safety.
并命令各有关方面协调配合，帮助他们脱困，确保人员安全。
ordered:命令
Users include individuals, small businesses and the Harvard Business Review.
其用户包括用户，小型企业和《哈佛商业评论》。
Users:用户
Magmito, an app-building service that targets small and medium businesses, has a plan that costs as little as $50 a year.
Magmito是一家定位中小企业的应用建筑服务公司，它计划着一年仅收取50美元的费用。
building:建筑
GameSalad allows users to make 2D games for smartphones, which some choose to sell.
GameSalad让用户能为智能手机制作2D游戏，其中一些人还会出售它们。
sell:出售
Melissa Fleming from the UN refugee agency said some 7,000 people were sleeping in university dormitories as escape from besieged areas of the city has become too dangerous.
联合国难民署的梅里萨·弗莱明说，大约7 千人睡着在大学宿舍里，从该市被围攻地区逃出也变得越来越危险。
sleeping:睡着
Mr Chavez, who's running for reelection in October, said the bloc would benefit from Venezuela's huge oil and gas reserves.
查韦斯将参加10月份的再任再选，他说该组织将从委内瑞拉丰富的石油和天然气储备中获益。
reelection:再选
We are monitoring it to understand whether we are faced with a pre-existing phenomenon, or it is a progressing condition.
我们正在检测，弄清楚究竟是以前就存在这个问题，还是个逐渐变化的现象。
phenomenon:现象
Instead, cycling is the backdrop for a deeper exploration of the struggle between the physical and the psychological.
相反，自行车骑自行车化为了背景。小说在这背景上深入探讨了灵与肉的挣扎。
cycling:骑自行车
Into the love triangle and professional exertions Mr Cleave throws eight-year-old Sophie, diagnosed with leukaemia only days before the Olympics and fighting a different type of battle to the finish.
除了三角恋、职业上的进取，克里夫还讲述了苏菲的故事：一个年仅8岁的孩子，在奥林匹克运动会开幕前被诊断出白血病，在天的尽头处，打了一场特殊的生死之战。
days:天
Into the love triangle and professional exertions Mr Cleave throws eight-year-old Sophie, diagnosed with leukaemia only days before the Olympics and fighting a different type of battle to the finish.
除了三角恋、职业上的进取，克里夫还讲述了苏菲的故事：一个年仅8岁的孩子，在奥林匹克运动会开幕前被诊断出白血病，在生命的尽头处，打了一场特殊的生死战斗。
fighting:战斗
On another occasion she lingers and stares at Kate's bike before a race and implants the idea that something could be wrong; she wins the mental advantage, and the quicker start.
另外一个场景，在一场种族开始前，若伊故意徘徊着，盯住凯特的自行车，让对方觉得自己的车子出了毛病，于是她赢得了心理上的优势，在起点上抢占了先机。
race:种族
Aiming treatment at those animals would reduce the likelihood of resistance emerging without harming a farmer's ability to control infestations.
集中治疗这些动物则会减少耐药性发生的可能性，同时也不会损害农民控制虫害的能力。
reduce:减少
This is a tragedy of the commons, in which sensible individual decisions have led to a collective difficulty.
这是一个公地悲剧[注]，许多明智的个人决定个人了群体的困难。
individual:个人
This is a tragedy of the commons, in which sensible individual decisions have led to a collective difficulty.
这是一个公地悲剧[注]，许多明智的有决定导致了群体的困难。
have:有
They looked at the volume of traffic, the amount of long-range travel and connections from certain airports.
他们密切留意交通流量,远途旅行的音量和某些机场的关联。
volume:音量
“Airports move people around and, when you're at an airport, you have time to wait for a plane to leave or if you're meeting somebody for it to land," said Valente.
“机场运输人们前往各地,而当你身在机场,你要花时间去等待一架飞机离开,或你和有有约而在等一架飞机着陆。”
have:有
the release of the detainees and building toward a process of peaceful dialogue.
释放被捕人员，建筑和平对话进程。
building:建筑
and will continue to do everything within its means to protect civilians at risk
将在力所能及的范围内尽一切努力保护面临风险的平民，
risk:风险
to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Hun Sen and a re-vote
需求总理洪森辞职并进行重新投票，
demand:需求
because thousands of protesting garment workers, who have gone on strikes since Wednesday over low wage hike,
数千名衣服工人因不堪忍受低工资待遇于周三开始罢工，
garment:衣服
That’s because water expands when it turns into ice, as you know if you ever put a soda bottle in the freezer and came back to find it exploded all over the fish sticks.
就像大家所知道的，如果将一瓶汽水放在制冷室中，回头来了看的时候会发现，汽水已经炸开了，整个制冷室中到处都是汽水。
came:来了
When your ice cubes seem to have shrunk, it’s because they are sublimating: the frozen water is slowly evaporating off the cubes, without ever actually melting.
如果你的冰“缩水”了，那是因为似乎升华了：在没有似乎融化的情况下，固态水以非常缓慢的速度在蒸发着。
seem:似乎
Walking is a complex muscular phenomenon that amounts to allowing yourself to fall slightly forward and then preventing yourself from falling completely by extending your foot.
走路是一种很复杂的肌肉活动现象，就等于说允许你的身体轻微的向前倾一点，而又通过脚步的降落让你不至于完全向前倾倒。
falling:降落
Now the torso moves over the base of the resting foot which, once the torso has passed it, begins pushing it into a forward fall again until the other foot arrests the motion.
现在躯干在静止的那只脚上方已通过，一旦倾过了它，静止的脚又开始推动其向前倾，直到另一只脚停止了此动作。
passed:已通过
There've been many reports of abuses by armed rebels, but rarely documented like this.
有很多报道称武装叛军有虐待行为，但很少有这样有文件的的。
documented:有文件的
The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned the visiting American Defense Secretary Leon Panetta that efforts to persuade Iran to stop developing nuclear weapons are not working.
以色列总理本杰明·内塔尼亚胡警告参观的美国国防部长里昂·潘内达，劝说伊朗停止开发核武器的努力并没生效。
visiting:参观
"At the time, the plot was seen as slightly ludicrous – you know, this policeman is meant to have vertigo at a certain moment in order for a crime to be committed – well, that's right, the fanciful.
“当时剧情被认为有点荒唐，你看，这名警察想在有特定时间眩晕以便犯罪，这点很有想象力，当时人们是这样看待的。
have:有
A campaign (campaign) is just an organized effort by a company to advertise its product.
一场campaign指的是一种由某个公司组织来为其产品进行的广告努力。
effort:努力
Now, this is considered funny in the United States; many people think it's funny.
这在美国人看来很有趣。许多人考虑这很搞笑。
considered:考虑
In other countries, however, this is considered rude or ill- mannered.
但是在其它国家，这被考虑粗鲁无礼。
considered:考虑
When we say someone is “hip” (hip) we mean they're very modern; very contemporary; very cool.
当我们说现代是个hip时，我们是在暗指这个人很现代，非常时髦非常酷。
modern:现代
they will stay still and secure ship safety before continuing rescue efforts in favorable weather conditions.
他们会原地等待，保证船只的安全，在天气安全允许后再继续救援工作。
safety:安全
The direct comparison between the Mac and the Windows computers on the advertisement is considered to be ill-mannered in some countries.
在某些国家，这样来直观地比较苹果和微软被考虑非常粗鲁和无礼。
considered:考虑
A direct comparison ad would be one where the company says, “We're better than this other company; we're better than this other product.”
所谓直接就是某个公司会直白直接，‘我们比其它的公司要好，比他们的产品要好’。
direct:直接
A direct comparison ad would be one where the company says, “We're better than this other company; we're better than this other product.”
所谓直接就是某个公司会直白说，‘我们比其它的公司要更好，比他们的产品要更好’。
better:更好
A direct comparison ad would be one where the company says, “We're better than this other company; we're better than this other product.”
所谓直接就是某个公司会直白说，‘我们比其它的公司要更好，比他们的产品要更好’。
better:更好
A direct comparison ad would be one where the company says, “We're better than this other company; we're better than this other product.”
所谓直接就是某个公司会直白说，‘我们比其它的公司要产品，比他们的产品要产品’。
product:产品
The organization is building houses in New Orleans, after the terrible hurricane Katrina of a few years ago.
几年前，台风‘卡崔娜’袭击新奥尔良后，这个组织为人们建筑了房屋。
building:建筑
Usually a pun is a joke; something that someone says to be funny.
双关语通常用于有趣的，人们用双关语来搞笑。
funny:有趣的
The person here means record as a list, but after he says the sentence, “I keep a record of all my music,” he realizes that the person may think he's making a joke, so he says “no pun intended,” meaning I didn't want to - I wasn't trying to be funny.
这里讲话人用的是‘一份记录’这个意思，但是当他说完I keep a record of all my music这个句子的时候，他意识到听话人可能会认为他在有趣的，所以他又加了一句‘no pun intended’,意为‘我可没有趣的’。
funny:有趣的
China's moon rover, Yutu (Jade Rabbit), worked in stable condition following its restart after a "nap" on Friday night,
周五晚上，中国“玉兔”号月球车进入午休条件，恢复工作后情况稳定正常，
condition:条件
High school students have to complete six courses, pass exams and write a twenty-page paper to earn an IB diploma.
高中生必须完成六门课程，通过考试并撰写20页的论文才能挣钱IB文凭。
earn:挣钱
The courses are in humanities, science, arts, math, a second language and their own language.
这些课程包括：人文、数学、艺术、数学、第二语言和母语。
math:数学
Students can also attend special events. Recently more than three hundred IB diploma students from thirteen countries attended a conference at the University of British Columbia in Canada.
学生们还可参加社会活动，最近，来自13个英国人的300多名IB文凭学生参加了在加拿大不列颠哥伦比亚大学举行的会议。
British:英国人
The five-day conference was called "The New Sustainability: Making Things Better, Not Just Less Bad."
这次为期五天的会议被称作“新可持续发展：让一切变比特，而不是不坏。
Better:比特
it would not shun its responsibilities and was cooperating with police in the investigation.
公司不会避开，目前正在配合警方调查。
shun:避开
and supported the efforts of the UN and the African Union
支持联合国和非盟等地区联盟继续加紧做各方工作，
Union:联盟
And Fresnel's countryman, Laurent Koechlin, of the Midi-Pyrenees observatory, thinks zone plates are the way to find out if there is life on other planets.
法国南比利牛斯天文台劳伦.凯什兰认为波带片可以用来寻找其他星球上是否生命生命。
life:生命
That would almost certainly mean something akin to photosynthesis was going on, for no known non-biological process can produce oxygen from common materials in sufficient quantity.
而这也就基本上意味着星球上进行着某些类似于光合作用的过程，因为在我们已知的非生物学过程中，没有一种过程可以在普通材料供应充足的情况下产生氧气。
process:过程
Fresnel telescopes have not been developed in the past because the image formed by one that was large enough to rival a useful-sized reflecting telescope would be several kilometres from the zone plate.
过去，菲涅尔设计的望远镜还制造不出来，因为要想使衍射望远镜的大和正常使用的反射望远镜大相同，它所产生的图像就会距离波带片数千米远。
large:大
Free of the confounding effects of the Earth's own atmosphere, it will be able to isolate images of alien planets, make spectra of the light from their air, and examine those spectra for the characteristic dark lines that are caused by part of the light being absorbed by particular gases-oxygen among them.
脱离了地球大气层的混淆效应，望远镜将令人困惑分离外星生物的图像，在他们的大气中制作出来光谱，并且为这些有特点的暗线检查光谱，这些暗线部分是由特殊气体——大气中的氧气——所吸收的光产生的。
confounding:令人困惑
Free of the confounding effects of the Earth's own atmosphere, it will be able to isolate images of alien planets, make spectra of the light from their air, and examine those spectra for the characteristic dark lines that are caused by part of the light being absorbed by particular gases-oxygen among them.
脱离了地球大气层的混淆效应，望远镜将能够分离外星生物的图像，在他们的大气中制作出来光谱，并且为这些有特点的暗线检查光谱，这些暗线部分是由特殊空气——大气中的氧气——所吸收的光产生的。
air:空气
which is not expected to debate the nomination until early next year.
预计明年初参议院才会对这项提名进行辩论。
debate:辩论
It was the first announcement of UN fatalities from this week's upsurge of ethnic-based violence in the country.
这是南苏丹本周爆发族裔冲突以来首次死亡事件联合国人员。
fatalities:死亡事件
The mission says when the attack happened, 43 Indian peacekeepers, six UN police advisers and two UN civilian staffers were at the base,
特派团表示，袭击发生时，营地内有43名印度籍维和维持和平人员、6名联合国警务顾问及2名联合国文职人员，
peacekeepers:维持和平人员
which also housed about 30 South Sudanese seeking shelter from the turmoil plaguing areas of Akobo County.
另外还有约30名寻找躲避阿科博县骚乱局势的南苏丹平民。
seeking:寻找
This is a piece of copper foil 20cm square that has 696 rings, a portion of which is reproduced above.
这是一片20平方厘米的铜箔，它有696个环，铜箔的片子是再生的。
piece:片子
the first time a foreign head of state has witnessed a satellite launch in China.
这是外国国家元首首次亲临中国卫星发射现场目击者发射。
witnessed:目击者
Matthew Soobroy, a stylist with London's Charles Worthington hairdressers, detects a "major leap" in men wanting their hair dyed, or their beards trimmed precisely to emulate the facial foliage of actors such as Michael Fassbender.
造型师马修·苏伯雷和伦敦查尔斯·维新顿的发型师们发现，有越来越多的男士愿意染发，或者模仿诸如迈克尔·法斯宾特等男明星的造型来修饰胡子造型。
trimmed:修饰
Mr Annan enjoys a great deal of trust – not only in Washington and Moscow, but crucially in the Middle East itself.
安南不仅在华盛顿和莫斯科，而且在中都享有很高的信任度。
Middle:中
Reports have now emerged that President Obama has signed an executive order some time this year, authorizing covert support to help the rebels oust Mr Assad.
有报道称，今年有时候，奥巴马总统签署一项行政命令，授权秘密向叛军提供援助以驱逐阿萨德。
have:有
A woman from northern France who confessed to killing eight of her newborn babies has been released from custody.
一名承认杀死自己8名新生新生儿的法国北部的女子已被从监禁中释放。
newborn:新生儿
Dominique Cottrez has been in detention since July 2010 soon after the discovery of the infants. She's told prosecutors she'd been raped by her father and killed the babies for fear that they were his.
2010年7月这些婴儿被发现后Dominique Cottrez就一直被拘留，她告诉检察官自己被父亲强奸，杀死婴儿是因为担心婴儿是他的。
infants:婴儿
Dominique Cottrez has been in detention since July 2010 soon after the discovery of the infants. She's told prosecutors she'd been raped by her father and killed the babies for fear that they were his.
2010年7月这些婴儿被发现后Dominique Cottrez就一直被拘留，她告诉检察官自己被父亲强奸，杀死婴儿是因为担心婴儿是他的。
babies:婴儿
Dominique Cottrez, a loving mother of two grown children, had suffocated eight of her own newborn babies – the first in 1989, the last in 2006.
Dominique Cottrez是两个成年孩子可亲的母亲，却杀死了8名自己生的新生儿，第一个是在1989年，最后一个在2006年。
newborn:新生儿
Dominique Cottrez, a loving mother of two grown children, had suffocated eight of her own newborn babies – the first in 1989, the last in 2006.
Dominique Cottrez是两个成年婴儿可亲的母亲，却杀死了8名自己生的婴儿，第一个是在1989年，最后一个在2006年。
babies:婴儿
Another billion dollars will be forthcoming from the Millennium Challenge Corporation to fund energy infrastructure, policy and regulatory reforms and institutional capacity building.
世纪挑战集团将提供另外数十亿美元来资助能源基础设施、政策和监管改革，以及机制能力建筑。
building:建筑
At the Russian embassy in Washington, both countries celebrated the long-running partnership, which U.S. Deputy Energy Secretary Daniel Poneman called the most successful nonproliferation agreement in the history of the world.
而在俄国驻华盛顿大使馆，两国共同庆祝长久以来的合作关系，美国副能源部长丹尼尔·菲尼曼称其为世界史上最成功的不扩散核扩散协议。
nonproliferation:不扩散
When pregnant women get good health care and have a trained midwife or doctor at their side when giving birth, mothers and babies are more likely to survive.
孕妇在生婴儿时若能得到好的医疗护理，并有训练有素的助产士或医生在身边，母婴都更容易存活。
babies:婴儿
And when children get vaccinated against preventable diseases and get quality care when they're sick, they're more likely to reach their fifth birthday.
当孩子获得预防疾病的疫苗，疾病时获得高质量的护理，他们就更可能活到五岁。
diseases:疾病
We want children who are born with a skilled birth attendant, with access to emergency obstetric care.
我们要给妇女提供产前产后护理，希望在熟练接生员服务员下诞生的孩子能得到紧急产科保健。
attendant:服务员
The program provides incentives to direct medical care to patients or get the patient to the clinic.
这个项目提供对病人提供直接的医疗护理或送病人到诊所这样的行为提供激励，
provides:提供
Aid can also target programs in middle-income countries. Babies are most vulnerable in the first 28 days of life.
援助也为中等收入中间提供这样的项目，婴儿在出生后的前28个周最脆弱，
middle:中间
The incentive program helped Argentina reduced infant deaths by 74 percent.
这个激励项目帮助阿根廷将婴儿死亡率减少了74%。
reduced:减少
The Bank is now collaborating with the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria - to help it adopt results-based financing in fighting these deadly diseases.
该行目前与全球基金合作抗击艾滋、肺结核和疟疾，在对抗这些致命疾病上帮助接受结果为基础的融资。
adopt:接受
The Bank is now collaborating with the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria - to help it adopt results-based financing in fighting these deadly diseases.
该行目前与全球基金合作抗击艾滋、肺结核和疟疾，在战斗这些致命疾病上帮助采取结果为基础的融资。
fighting:战斗
These new agreements will open $60 million in local financing in Mexico, $25 million in El Salvador, and $13.5 million in Nicaragua.
这些新协议将为墨西哥当地融资提供6000万美元，为萨尔瓦多提供2500万美元，为尼加拉瓜提供1350万美元。
financing:融资
a policy-level dialogue that links 15 Western Hemisphere governments and societies that collectively seek to empower small businesses, facilitate trade and regional competitiveness,
这是连接15个西半球政府和组织的政策级对话，协同合作促进小企业发展，为贸易和地区竞争提供便利，
facilitate:便利
and USAID’s Development Credit Authority, which works with investors, local financial institutions, and development organizations to design and deliver investment alternatives that unlock financing for entrepreneurs in the developing world.
国际开发署的开发信贷局与投资者、当地金融机构和发展机构合作，设计并提供投资选择，为发展中国家企业家提供金融途径。
institutions:机构
and USAID’s Development Credit Authority, which works with investors, local financial institutions, and development organizations to design and deliver investment alternatives that unlock financing for entrepreneurs in the developing world.
国际开发署的开发信贷局与投资者、当地投资机构和发展组织合作，设计并提供投资选择，为发展中国家企业家提供投资途径。
investment:投资
and USAID’s Development Credit Authority, which works with investors, local financial institutions, and development organizations to design and deliver investment alternatives that unlock financing for entrepreneurs in the developing world.
国际开发署的开发信贷局与投资者、当地融资机构和发展组织合作，设计并提供投资选择，为发展中国家企业家提供融资途径。
financing:融资
The success of small and medium enterprise is an important priority in the hemisphere for the United States.
中小企业的成功是美国在该地区的重要企业，
enterprise:企业
Hospitals employ many therapeutic methods. In addition to medication, there are interventions like massage therapy and hypnosis. So why use music?
医院使用很多疗法，除了药物，还有诸如按摩疗法和催眠术这样的按摩手段。那么，为什么使用音乐呢？
massage:按摩
"There’s no choices left, so they feel powerless to do anything that’s going to make it better.”
没有什么可尝试的，所以在做能更好的事时他们感到无力。”
better:更好
People in this condition are often put on mechanical ventilators, and she says,
这种条件的病人通常要用机械呼吸机，她说，
condition:条件
“I was always struck by the profound distress that these patients experience regardless of the amount of medications that we gave them.”
“不管我们给病人多少药物，我总是被他们经历的深刻悲伤所震惊。”
distress:悲伤
"If they can control a non-pharmacological intervention in the form of relaxing, preferred music, can that have a beneficial effect?”
如果能控制诸如放松、喜欢的的音乐这样的非药物干预，那么会产生好的作用吗？”
preferred:喜欢的
The people who listened to music needed fewer sedative doses and had a 36 percent reduction in the intensity or the amount of medication they received.
听音乐的病人需要更少的镇定剂，所收到的的药物的量或次数减少了35%。
received:收到的
Workers are preparing for the crowds of mourners expected to converge here Tuesday to say goodbye to the late president, Nelson Mandela.
哀悼者们将于周二在这里聚集向已故总统纳尔逊·曼德拉再见，而工作人员则在紧张的忙碌准备着。
goodbye:再见
the way forward in Afghanistan; the capabilities that NATO will need to continue as the most successful political and security alliance that the world has ever seen;
阿富汗未来的方向；北约继续继续全世界历史上最成功的政治和安全联盟的能力；
continue:继续
As the combat mission in Afghanistan comes to a close,
随着北约作战任务的接近，
close:接近
When NATO was established more than 60 years ago, President Truman remarked,
60年前北约成立时，杜鲁门总统注释，
remarked:注释
“I personally have every confidence that NATO will continue to protect freedom,continue to try to push for and bring about peace, and it will do so for decades to come.”
我有非常相信北约将继续捍卫自由，继续努力带来和平，未来几十年还将继续如此。”
have:有
Three years ago, the IFC and the World Bank launched a program called “Lighting Africa” to provide modern energy to people without access to the grid.
三年前，IFC和世界银行成立了“照亮非洲”项目，目的是提供那些无法从电网获得电力的非洲人提供现代能源。
provide:提供
“This lamp is better than the one I had because it has more light. The flash light is useful as well, especially when I need to go outside at night, I don’t feel afraid.”
“电灯光线更加充足，比我之前用的煤油灯更好，这个手电筒也很有用，特别是当我晚上需要外出时，我不会害怕了。”
better:更好
A good thing, says Vijay Iyer: “Very remarkably, what has happened in countries like Kenya and Ghana: solar lanterns that were used to cost about 50 dollars, the price has come down to 20, 23 dollars because of competition, innovation.
“像肯尼亚和加纳的许多国家发生了令人注目的事：太阳能灯笼曾经售价大约50美元，如今已经降到20或23美元，原因是竞争和创新。
lanterns:灯笼
Chinese interests had held back investment because of fears of a change in Taiwan's government. Market experts expect Chinese investors to buy shares of Taiwanese companies listed on Taiwan's stock exchange.
市场专家预测中国投资者买台湾股市交易所上市的台湾企业，专家认为高科技和旅游业会在短期内收到大量投资。
buy:买
Taiwanese share prices are considered undervalued although companies are doing well.
尽管台湾的公司运转良好，其股价仍被考虑低估。
considered:考虑
Jack Huang is a lawyer in Taipei. He says China will buy stocks and seek partnerships with Taiwanese companies, especially in technology.
Jack Huang是台湾的一名律师，他说中国将买股票，与台湾公司建立伙伴关系，尤其是科技领域。
buy:买
Taiwan's economy is over four hundred thirty billion dollars. Taiwan permits Chinese investors to buy directly into Taiwanese companies in two hundred forty-seven industries.
台湾经济价值4300 亿美元以上，台湾允许中国投资者直接买247个行业的台湾公司，它们可以买大部分公司10%的股份。
buy:买
They can also buy up to a ten percent share in most companies. Experts in Taiwan say China wants to invest in the island to support efforts at political reunification.
台湾专家说，中国希望在该岛投资以支持政治重新统一的努力，蒋介石的国民党在20世纪40年代国内战争结束时来到台湾。
reunification:重新统一
In twenty-ten, China invested one billion dollars in Taiwan in 2010 after a deal that year reduced tax rates.
在签署了利率协议后，中国2010年在台湾投资了10 亿美元。
rates:利率
Let’s start with the potatoes boiling on the stove top. The temperature of the boiling water won’t go above 212 degrees Fahrenheit, no matter how high you turn up the burner or how long you leave the pot on the stove.
让我们从炉子上煮的土豆开始说起，无论你将煤气灶调至多大，抑或是烹饪时间多长，水的沸点都不会超过华氏212高。
high:高
The sealed lid keeps the steam inside, raising the pressure inside the cooker to about twice normal air pressure.
密封盖将水蒸气封存在锅里，锅内压强提高标准大气压的两倍。
raising:提高
A vent on the lid releases steam when the right pressure, and therefore the right cooking temperature is reached.
密封盖上的排通风口释放水蒸气，以此达到合适的压力，烹饪温度也随之到达理想值。
vent:通风口
To prevent disasters like boiled potatoes exploding onto the ceiling, modern pressure cookers also have a safety valve to release steam, just in case the vent gets stuck.
为了避免发生诸如煮熟的土豆炸飞到天花板的意外情况，现代高压锅还有一个安全阀门释放水蒸气，以防排通风口堵塞。
vent:通风口
Roadside barriers can help dampen the racket, but they are expensive-up to $600,000 per kilometre-and they often serve as magnets for graffiti. Besides, they work less well on windy days and are impractical along city streets.
路边声屏障可以减少拉克特，但它们太贵了——每公里高达60万美元，而且很容易变成乱涂乱画的场所，此外，它们在多风的时候效果并不好，更何况在城市街道边安装也不大现实。
racket:拉克特
Enough tyres are recycled in America each year to produce 20,000 lane-miles (32,000 lane-kilometres) of the stuff, enough to re-pave about 0.5% of America's roads, according to Liberty Tyre Recycling, a Pittsburgh firm that handles around a third of America's recycled tyres.
参入橡胶的柏油路渐渐变得流行起来，这并不奇怪，根据自由轮胎回收公司（位于匹兹堡，掌控着美国约1/ 3的轮胎回收坚固）的说法，美国每年回收的轮胎足够修建2万英里（3.2万公里）的橡胶柏油路，足够重新铺设美国0.5%的公路。
firm:坚固
That is because rubber can partially replace bitumen, the binding agent used to hold the crushed stones together in ordinary asphalt. Bitumen is derived from oil, which means its price has risen over the past decade alongside that of crude oil. Discarded tyres, by contrast, are cheap and are likely to get cheaper.
由于橡胶会以上替代沥青，在传统柏油里面，沥青这种粘合剂的作用是把碎石裹在一起，而沥青源于石油，这意味着过去十年其价格随着原油价格的上涨而增加，相比之下，那些废弃的轮胎不仅便宜，而且会变得越来越便宜。
over:以上
Rubberised asphalt keeps the noise down in a couple of ways. Pores between the stones in standard asphalt must be small, because if the gaps are too big the bitumen binding cannot do its job properly.
橡胶柏油能减小噪音的两个原因如下：在标准柏油里，碎石之间的孔隙必须很小，如果缝隙太大，沥青就不能正常约束碎石，
Pores:孔隙
Adding rubber thickens the bitumen. That allows bigger pores, which help to trap and disperse sound waves. The rubberised bitumen itself is flexible and slightly springy, which enables it to absorb more unwanted sonic energy.
橡胶的加入可以使沥青变厚，允许更大的孔隙存在，这样就有助于捕获和分散声波；而参入了橡胶的沥青本身也具有柔韧性和轻微的弹性，这可以使它吸收更多讨厌的音波能量。
pores:孔隙
It is made from a blend of crushed rock, rubber and polyurethane, a synthetic plastic that replaces bitumen as the binding agent and allows even bigger pores in the road surface.
PERS并不便宜，其成本几乎是橡胶柏油的5倍，但这完全物有所值，据Luc Goubert（布鲁塞尔比利时路研究中心员工，负责协调PERS它）测算，在一些特别吵闹的地方可以减少一半的噪音。
It:它
Researchers are trying to harness glucose-the body's own fuel-to power implantable gadgets such as pacemakers.
研究人员正试图利用葡萄糖-人体自身的燃料-试着像起搏器这样的可植入设备的能源
trying:试着
A variety of chemical batteries have been tried, as well as inductive recharging schemes and even plutonium power cells that convert the heat from radioactive decay into electricity.
尝试了各种化学电池以及感应重新充电计划，甚至是将放射衰变的热能转换为电能的钚电源单元格。
recharging:重新充电
That is more than enough: the speed of medical progress is such that by the time the battery has run down it is generally time to replace the whole device with a newer model in any case.
这么长的使用时间显得绰绰有余：医学进展的速度意味着等到设备的电量用光就到了用一个更先进的型号来替换整个设备的时候。
progress:进展
But that has not dissuaded researchers from continuing to seek perfection, in the form of a compact, perpetual energy source which does not require external recharging.
然而这并没有阻止研究人员继续寻找完美的，紧凑型的永久能源，从而使得这些移植设备不再需要外部重新充电。
recharging:重新充电
Although all these ideas have been shown to work in theoretical tests on lab benches, they all suffer from the same handicap: intermittent operation.
尽管这些想法在测试的理论测试中运转正常，但是他们都有一个同样的缺陷：间歇运行。
tests:测试
A sugar-powered device would therefore have access to a constant supply of fuel, and could be implanted almost anywhere.
一个糖分供能的设备因此能够取得持续有动力的能量并且几乎可以在任何位置进行移植。
powered:有动力
At present, only two of the 24 available electrons in a single glucose molecule can be harnessed, but refinements to the technology should boost that number.
现在，在一个葡萄糖分子中的24个可用电子中只有2个可以利用，但是对这项技术的后续精炼应该会使得可以利用的电子数量有所增加。
refinements:精炼
Dr Singhal has implanted prototype devices into live beetles.
Singhal博士将设备原型移植进了蜜蜂活体。
beetles:蜜蜂
Fitted with a fuel cell about the size of a penny, the bionic bugs were able to generate over 20 microwatts (20 millionths of a watt) during a two-week trial.
放入了一个一便士大小的能量池，这些虫子在2周实验期内产生了20微瓦（一瓦特的百万分之二十）。
bugs:虫子
Equally worrying are the enzymes, which tend to break down over time.
同样使人担忧的是酶，这种物质随着时间的推移会照顾分解。
tend:照顾
In a paper published on June 12th in Public Library of Science, Dr Sarpeshkar and his colleagues describe building a glucose fuel cell which uses a platinum catalyst that does not degrade over time.
6月12号发表于Public Library of Science的一篇论文中，Sarpeshkar博士和他的同事证实用铂催化剂出版的葡萄糖能量池，其效果不会随着时间被削弱。
published:出版
The downside is that platinum is a less efficient catalyst than the enzymes used by Dr Singhal, and so Dr Sarpeshkar's cell works less well.
该方法的缺点是铂酶与Singhal博士所用的酶相比效率不高，因此，Sarpeshkar博士的能量池运转效果不好。
enzymes:酶
A colony of microbes like these, properly isolated from the host's immune system, might be coerced into trading electrons for nutrients from the bloodstream.
像这样的克隆微生物，与寄主的免疫系统相分离，可能被迫的用电子与殖民地交换营养成分。
colony:殖民地
But the idea of implanting a bacterial colony into a patient might be a tricky one to get past medical regulators-not to mention public opinion.
然而将细菌克隆体移植进病人的殖民地这种想法可能无法通过医疗监管人员的监管，就更不要说公众舆论了。
colony:殖民地
Such a setup would be capable of producing enough electricity to drive even the most power-hungry of devices, like artificial hearts.
这样的方法能够产生足够的电能来驱动哪怕是最耗费能源的设置，比如人造心脏。
setup:设置
The chemical energy in a gram of glucose is nearly half the amount available from petrol, a famously energy-dense fuel.
一克葡萄糖所含有的化学能量相当于半克汽油能产生的能量，原油是众所周知的能源密集型汽油。
petrol:汽油
With a bit of refinement, sugar could prove a very sweet solution for powering the next generation of IMDs.
再经过一点优化，糖就有可能为下一代可移植医疗设备的能源问题电源一个十分完美的解决办法。
powering:电源
He has now won 21 medals in his Olympic career.
在他的奥林匹克生涯中，目前已奖牌21枚奖牌。
medals:奖牌
The 17-year-old was killed at her home in northern Warrington because her father and mother thought that she brought shame on her family with her desire to lead a western as lifestyle.
这名17岁的少女在北沃灵顿自己家中被父母所杀，因为其父母认为她想老西方生活方式的念头使整个家庭蒙羞。
old:老
The 17-year-old was killed at her home in northern Warrington because her father and mother thought that she brought shame on her family with her desire to lead a western as lifestyle.
这名17岁的少女在北沃灵顿自己家中被父亲所杀，因为其父亲认为她想过西方生活方式的念头使整个家庭蒙羞。
father:父亲
The 17-year-old was killed at her home in northern Warrington because her father and mother thought that she brought shame on her family with her desire to lead a western as lifestyle.
这名17岁的少女在北沃灵顿自己家中被母亲所杀，因为其母亲认为她想过西方生活方式的念头使整个家庭蒙羞。
mother:母亲
Police in the Kenyan capital Nairobi say a grenade blast in the city has killed one person and wounded seven others including a child.
肯尼亚首都内罗比的警察透露该市一枚手榴弹爆炸，人一人死亡，另外7人受伤，其中包括一名儿童。
person:人
Doctor Fraser hopes further study will lead to even better devices, so that children like Marco Murguia can survive and enjoy active, healthy lives.
”弗雷泽医生希望，进一步的研究将会产生出更加更好的设备，这样像马可·穆尔吉亚这样心脏病儿童能活下来，拥有活跃健康的生命。
better:更好
Many companies use animals to make us want to buy their goods.
许多公司利用动物图案以促使我们买他们的产品。
buy:买
It was used for an oil well or gold mine that had almost no oil or gold in it. Dishonest developers would buy such property.
不诚实的开发商可能会买这些矿，然后带着卖矿的钱离开；而留给买家的是地面上的一文不值的洞眼。
buy:买
Now, earthly tornadoes are noteworthy for the material damage they can cause.
如今，地球上的龙卷风因其能够造成材料破坏而被人们所关注。
material:材料
While solar tornadoes are no threat to trailer parks, they may be implicated in other sorts of mayhem.
虽然太阳能龙卷风不会对活动房屋构成威胁，但它们可能会造成其它威胁。
threat:威胁
If you’ve ever blinked at a sudden light, jerked your hand away from something hot, or jumped at a loud noise, then you know that these are not actions we consciously plan. Rather, they happen involuntarily.
如果你曾因为突如其来的灯光眨眼，碰到烫的东西立刻把手缩回来，或是听到很响的噪音吓了一跳，你会发现这些动作并非我们有意识地计划过的，而是不由自主发生的。
noise:噪音
A deliberate action, such as raising a spoon to the mouth, involves consciousness. We decide to raise the spoon, then we do it.
有意的行为总是包含着意识的参与，比如要把一个勺子送到嘴边，我们先决定拿提高勺子，然后再做这个动作。
raising:提高
Most reflexes, however, do not involve the brain; they are fast, involuntary responses that travel over what is known as a reflex arc.
但大部分的条件反射都与大脑无关，它们是快速、无意识的反射，这种反射沿着我们所熟知的反射弧传递。
reflexes:反射
Most reflexes, however, do not involve the brain; they are fast, involuntary responses that travel over what is known as a reflex arc.
但大部分的条件反射都与大脑无关，它们是快速、无意识的反射，这种反射沿着我们所熟知的反射弧传递。
reflex:反射
If a stimulus is repeated continuously, the reflex first undergoes sensitization, meaning that it increases in response.
如果某种刺激不断地重复，条件反射最开始会对这种刺激变得敏感，换句话说，条件反射的反射次数会增加。
reflex:反射
FOR half a century, the essence of progress in the computer industry has been to do more with less.
半个世纪以来，计算机产业进展的本质就是花钱更少，成事更多。
progress:进展
The amount of data that can be stored has grown at a similar rate. Yet as components get smaller, making them gets harder and more expensive.
储存的数据也有着类似的增长速率，但是随着组件越来越小，它们的制造难度和成本也逐渐增加。
components:组件
A paper published in Small, a nanotechnology journal, sets out the latest example of the technique.
对于不像因特尔那么有钱的厂家的好消息是，他们或许可以选择更便宜的技术——模拟大自然。
technique:技术
In it, a group of researchers led by Sarah Staniland at the University of Leeds, in Britain, describe using naturally occurring proteins to make arrays of tiny magnets, similar to those employed to store information in disk drives.
对于大自然来说，她建造微小"设备"已经有数十亿年了，所以自然是信手拈来，当然，这些"设备"都是以活细胞和其组份的做呈现。
make:做
The researchers took their inspiration from Magnetospirillum magneticum, a bacterium that is sensitive to the Earth's magnetic field thanks to the presence within its cells of flecks of magnetite, a form of iron oxide. Previous work has isolated the protein that makes these miniature compasses.
发表在纳米它的期刊《微小》的一篇论文描述了这一新它的的示例，该它的团队由英国利兹大学的Sarah Staniland领导，他们用自然生成的蛋白质让微型磁性材料进行排列，这与磁盘驱动器上储存信息的磁性材料排序是类似的。
its:它的
The other half were left untreated as controls. They then dipped the gold into a solution containing the protein, allowing it to bind to the treated squares, and dunked the whole lot into a heated solution of iron salts.
然后他们用化学方法绘制微小的棋盘图案，并把图案的每一块染成金黄色，每块区域的一半用该蛋白质做固定点，另一半不做任何处理作为对照，再把这些金黄色的"棋盘"浸入包含蛋白质的溶液中，并允许溶液中的蛋白质与棋盘上的固定蛋白质结合，最后把该"棋盘"全部浸入加热的铁盐溶液中。
containing:包含
After that, they examined the results with an electron microscope. Sure enough, groups of magnetite grains had materialised on the treated squares, shepherded into place by the bacterial protein.
他们再用电子显微镜观察实验结果，果然，"棋盘"上的固定蛋白质区域产生了成群的磁铁谷物，并由细菌蛋白质控制在相应位置。
grains:谷物
Getting from there to a real computer memory would be a long road. For a start, the grains of magnetite are not strong enough magnets to make a useful memory, and the size of each domain (20 microns across) is huge by modern computing standards.
但是要制成真正的计算机存储器还有很长的路要走，首先对于可用的存储器来说，那些磁铁谷物的磁性还不够强大，并且每个区域的尺寸（20微米的跨度）对现在计算机标准来说太大了。
grains:谷物
The advantage of this approach is that it might not be so capital-intensive as building a fab. Growing things does not need as much kit as making them. If the tweaking could be done, therefore, the result might give the word "biotechnology" a whole new meaning.
这种方法的好处就是不用像因特尔那样如此资源密集地去建造新工厂，在制造不断发展的产品时也不需要同样多的设备，所以，如果这种调整可以成功的话，"生物它"将会有一个全新的定义。
it:它
The advantage of this approach is that it might not be so capital-intensive as building a fab. Growing things does not need as much kit as making them. If the tweaking could be done, therefore, the result might give the word "biotechnology" a whole new meaning.
这种方法的好处就是不用像因特尔那样如此资源密集地去建筑新工厂，在制造不断发展的产品时也不需要同样多的设备，所以，如果这种调整可以成功的话，"生物技术"将会有一个全新的定义。
building:建筑
Seemingly endless wars and the attendant abuses, financial crisis and economic malaise have made Europe and America look less like models to aspire to than dire examples to be shunned.
不过，似乎没完没了的战争和随之而来的虐待、金融危机和经济瘟疫使欧洲和美国不再是亚洲人心中值得学习的榜样，却成为人们唯恐避开之不及的悲惨对象。
shunned:避开
An itinerant Islamist activist, he also spent time in Egypt, India, Turkey and Russia, railing against the feebleness and injustices of Oriental despotisms and the immorality of Western imperialism, and trying to forge a Pan-Islamic movement.
试着一名行走中的伊斯兰积极分子，他在埃及、印度、土耳其和俄国都呆过，他抱怨东方独裁统治的脆弱和不公，也责怪西方帝国主义的不道德，甚至试图开展泛伊斯兰教运动。
trying:试着
Yet the alarming truth, Mr Mishra concludes, is that the East is on course to make many of the same mistakes that the West has made in its time.
米什拉先生总结说，值得警醒的真话是，东方人正在犯西方在发展时期犯过的同样错误。
truth:真话
It's the biggest fine the US Federal Trade Commission has ever imposed.
这是美国联邦商务委员会施加的的最大一笔好的。
fine:好的
Meanwhile, officials from the West African bloc Eocowas have started talks with the African Union and the United Nations in the Malian capital Bamako on a possible military intervention and taking the north back.
同时，西非经济共同体组织的官员开始与非单元和联合国在马里首都巴马科进行会谈，可能会采取军事干预并夺回北部。
bloc:单元
Meanwhile, officials from the West African bloc Eocowas have started talks with the African Union and the United Nations in the Malian capital Bamako on a possible military intervention and taking the north back.
同时，西非经济共同体联盟的官员开始与非盟和联合国在马里首都巴马科进行会谈，可能会采取军事干预并夺回北部。
Union:联盟
Lebanese media reports suggest that his arrest is connected to a seizure of explosives that may have been intended for use in north of Lebanon.
黎巴嫩媒体报道称，Samaha被捕与逮捕一批可能用于黎巴嫩北部的弹药有关。
arrest:逮捕
Mr. Strasser was forced to resign as a member of the European parliament in March last year after a British newspaper alleged that he had accepted offers of $120,000 from one of his undercover reporters in return for proposing amendments to EU laws.
去年，由于一家英国报纸称Strasser从该报一名秘密记者手中接受12万美元，以作为向欧盟法律提交修正案的回报，随后Strasser三月份就被迫辞职欧洲议会议员的职位。
resign:辞职
The husband and wife team said their ability to team up with musicians and singers from all over the globe was the highlight of their latest release, Folila, a word which means to make music in the Malian language of Bambara.
这对夫妇组合团队表示他们与来自世界各地歌手和歌手们的合作能力是他们的最新专辑《Folila》中的亮点,这个单词在马里班巴拉语中是做音乐的意思。
singers:歌手
The husband and wife team said their ability to team up with musicians and singers from all over the globe was the highlight of their latest release, Folila, a word which means to make music in the Malian language of Bambara.
这对夫妇组合团队表示他们与来自世界各地音乐家和歌手们的合作能力是他们的最新专辑《Folila》中的亮点,这个最新在马里班巴拉语中是做音乐的意思。
latest:最新
Watching the Olympics probably made some people feel a little guilty about not exercising. The truth is, if physical inactivit y were a sport, a lot of us could give a gold-medal performance.
观看奥运会会让有的人为不运动而感到有点内疚，真话是，如果运动不足是一种运动，很多人都能得金牌。
truth:真话
HAROLD KOHL: "We have to realize that high income countries are the most inactive around the world, but low to middle income countries are not going to be far behind as things change, as their economies improve and their people rely more on the improvements that basically engineer physical activity out of our daily lives."
HAROLD KOHL:“我们必须认识到，高收入中间是全世界最不活动的中间，但随着社会变化，随着经济发展和人们更依赖这些进步，体育锻炼会被从人们日常生活中赶出，低到中等收入中间在这个问题也跟发达中间差不多。
middle:中间
HAROLD KOHL: "We have to realize that high income countries are the most inactive around the world, but low to middle income countries are not going to be far behind as things change, as their economies improve and their people rely more on the improvements that basically engineer physical activity out of our daily lives."
HAROLD KOHL:“我们必须认识到，高收入国家是全世界最不活动的国家，但随着社会改善，随着经济发展和人们更依赖这些进步，体育锻炼会被从人们日常生活中赶出，低到中等收入国家在这个问题也跟发达国家差不多。
improve:改善
Harold Kohl points to campaigns that continue to reduce smoking and alcohol use.
”Harold Kohl提到了持续减少吸烟和酗酒的使用。
use:使用
Children at Super Camps arrive each weekday morning bright-eyed and lunchbox-laden, ready for an eventful day.
每个工作日的早晨，孩子们都满载热情并负荷便当来到超级营地准备丰富多彩的一天。
laden:负荷
Besides wall-climbing (at which, no doubt, the Spider-Men excel), they are made to sing, dance, cook, swim, shoot arrows and create "graffiti art".
除了攀岩走壁（这毫无疑问是蜘蛛侠最擅长的），还有人带他们唱歌，跳舞，烹饪，游泳，射箭以及创建"涂鸦舞蹈"。诗人威廉?
dance:舞蹈
Besides wall-climbing (at which, no doubt, the Spider-Men excel), they are made to sing, dance, cook, swim, shoot arrows and create "graffiti art".
除了攀岩走壁（这毫无疑问是蜘蛛侠最擅长的），还有人带他们唱歌，跳舞，烹饪，游泳，射箭以及艺术"涂鸦艺术"。诗人威廉?
art:艺术
Finding babysitters is easier in Beijing than in Baltimore or Balham.
相比巴尔的摩或者是巴勒姆，在北京给孩子寻找保姆更加容易。
Finding:寻找
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, in its most recent summary of the science behind its predictions, published in 2007, estimated that, in present conditions, a doubling of CO2 would cause warming of about 3°C, with uncertainty of about a degree and a half in either direction.
政府间气候变化专门委员会（IPCC）在其最近一次关于其预测背后的科学性的概要中（发布于2007年）估计，在如今的情况下，二氧化碳浓C翻倍将造成3 °C左右的升温，上下误差在1.5C左右。
C:C
Existing studies of climate sensitivity mostly rely on data gathered from weather stations, which go back to roughly 1850.
现有的关于气候敏感性的研究主要基于气象站数据的数据，可以追溯到公元1850年左右。
data:数据
Most serious writers are more interested in “forces” and “factors” than in heroes and heroines.
大多严肃的作家对“力量”和“影响因素”比对英雄本身更加感兴趣。
forces:力量
And even biographers specialise in exposing feet of clay.
即使是传记传记家，也开始专门曝光英雄的缺陷。
biographers:传记家
Jeff Bezos continued to work away at his idea for an online bookshop even after his company, which remained in the red for its first six years, had been widely dismissed as Amazon.toast.
杰夫·贝索斯（Jeff Bezos）在他的公司前六年持续亏损，留下的广泛否认为“Amazon. toast”的时候，仍然坚持他网上书店的想法。
remained:留下的
The likes of Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg deserve to be admired.
比尔·盖茨和马克·扎克伯格之辈确实值得值得崇拜。
deserve:值得
State media in China say the wife of the once powerful politician Bo Xilai has confessed killing a British businessman Neil Heywood after what she called a mental breakdown. The case led to China's biggest political crisis in years.
中国英国人媒体称，曾经权倾一时的政客B的妻子已承认在精神崩溃后谋杀英国商人尼尔·伍德，该案件导致中国近几年来最严重的政治危机。
British:英国人
The United Nations Refugee Agency, the UNHCR says it's dealing with a big increase in the number of Syrians fleeing the conflict in their country particularly from the embattled city of Aleppo.
联合国难民事务高级专员办事处( UNHCR)称，正在处理大批叙利亚人逃跑本国冲突的一事，尤其是在被围攻的阿勒颇市。
fleeing:逃跑
But in this incident, one man did manage to escape the massacre. He fled into the surrounding countryside before being picked up by two police officers and taken to hospital.
但这次却有一人逃离屠杀，他逃到附近的乡下，然后被两名警察带走送到医院。
fled:逃离
But in this incident, one man did manage to escape the massacre. He fled into the surrounding countryside before being picked up by two police officers and taken to hospital.
但这次却有一人逃过屠杀，他逃离附近的乡下，然后被两名警察带走送到医院。
fled:逃离
But in this incident, one man did manage to escape the massacre. He fled into the surrounding countryside before being picked up by two police officers and taken to hospital.
但这次却有一人逃过屠杀，他逃到附近的乡下，然后被两名警察选送到医院。
picked:选
The United Nations and the African Union have issued a warning that the selection of the new Somali parliament is in danger of being undermined.
联合国和索马里语发布警告，称索马里新议会的选举有遭到破坏的危险。
Somali:索马里语
African Heads of State and the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton witnessed the ceremony on Independent Square.
非洲秘书和美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿在独立广场观看了这一仪式。
Secretary:秘书
African Heads of State and the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton witnessed the ceremony on Independent Square.
非洲国家元首和美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿在独立广场目击者了这一仪式。
witnessed:目击者
Brue Trautman’s corn looks good, but Monsanto’s Mark Edge is cautious. “Growers are very excited about it.
布鲁斯·特罗特曼的玉米看起来长得还不错，但是孟山都的Mark Edge比较谨慎：“种植新品种玉米的种植者们都很激动，但是我们还需要等到今年秋天玉米收成情况出来后进行更好的评估。
Growers:种植者
Monsanto’s Mark Edge says the seeds have been tested and regulators have proven them.
孟山都公司的Mark Edge说，该玉米种子已经过测试并证明管理部门认可。
proven:证明
Many people in Dallas continue to work and play outdoors, but they are heeding warnings from health officials to protect themselves.
在达拉斯的许多人继续工作而且户外游玩,但是他们为了保护自己都听从卫生官员的警告。
outdoors:户外
Both the county and city of Dallas have declared emergencies and have started spraying the entire area with chemicals that target the mosquitoes that spread West Nile fever.
达拉斯县和城市已经宣布进入紧急状态,并开始以整个地区喷射西尼罗河热的蚊子为目标喷洒化学物质。
spraying:喷射
“As long as there are mosquitoes with West Nile and as long as it is a health hazard, I think it is better to spray," said one man.
“只要有携带西尼罗河热的蚊子存在,只要它是一种危险身体健康的疾病,我认为最好进行喷洒。”
hazard:危险
Japan needs South Korea's approval to take the matter to court. But South Korea's foreign ministry dismissed the proposal. The ministry said the islands are part of its territory.
日本需要韩国的批准来提交此案到法院，但韩国外交部对提议表示被解雇，称该岛屿是韩国的领土。
dismissed:被解雇
The inanimate actors are as vivid as the living: the miserable workhouse that harboured Oliver Twist is no less legendary than the poor, begging boy himself or his criminal chum, the Artful Dodger; the “sooty spectre” of fog coloured the capital's image long after the industrial pea-soupers had disappeared.
无生命的角色也同有生命的一样栩栩如生：奥利弗·特弗斯特待过的那家阴暗凄凉的车间，与这个可怜的小乞儿本身或是他邪恶的汉姆亚瑟·道奇比起来，同是一段传奇；即使工业时期的浓雾早已散去，那“幽灵般灰蒙蒙”的雾霾仍笼罩在伦敦的形象周围，挥之不去。
chum:汉姆
Across the decades the capital has inspired potboilers and sizzling romances, but it was not until the 1980s, when London was booming again, that the city itself returned to centre stage.
1980年代内，围绕伦敦编就的蹩脚小说层出不穷，风流传奇泛滥成灾，但伦敦本身真正重回到镁光灯下，还是在20世纪80年代这座城市重振旗鼓之后。
1980s:1980年代
Across the decades the capital has inspired potboilers and sizzling romances, but it was not until the 1980s, when London was booming again, that the city itself returned to centre stage.
数十年内，围绕伦敦编就的蹩脚小说层出不穷，风流传奇泛滥成灾，但伦敦本身真正重隆隆镁光灯下，还是在20世纪80年代这座城市重振旗鼓之后。
booming:隆隆
Across the decades the capital has inspired potboilers and sizzling romances, but it was not until the 1980s, when London was booming again, that the city itself returned to centre stage.
数十年内，围绕伦敦编就的蹩脚小说层出不穷，风流传奇泛滥成灾，但伦敦本身真正重返回镁光灯下，还是在20世纪80年代这座城市重振旗鼓之后。
returned:返回
Some blame the rise of Gulf airlines on international routes.
有些人把原因归为海湾地区一些航空公司在国际路线上的崛起。
routes:路线
On August 3rd BHP Billiton announced a near-$3 billion write-down on some of its American gasfields because soaring production has made prices crash.
由于"水力压裂"它的的使用，美国的页岩气开采迅速发展，但这却使一些大型钻井公司破产。
its:它的
Strict new air-pollution laws, approved in America last year, will accelerate the retirement of old coal-fired stations.
去年，美国已批准了严格的新空气污染法规，这将加速淘汰老式燃煤电厂。
approved:已批准
So the global market for utility-sized gas turbines, now worth up to $15 billion a year by Bernstein's estimates, is set for years of growth.
伯恩斯坦研究公司估计，全球燃气发电机市场现在每年高达150 亿美元，在未来数年内，还将继续高。
up:高
They're going to be speaking at a native rate of speech - a little fast, but as always, we will listen first and then go back and explain what they were saying.
他们是以正常的说在讲话，会有点快，但是像往常那样，我们会先听，然后回头解释他们的谈话内容。
saying:说
They're going to be speaking at a native rate of speech - a little fast, but as always, we will listen first and then go back and explain what they were saying.
他们是以正常的语速在说，会有点快，但是像往常那样，我们会先听，然后回头解释他们的谈话内容。
saying:说
These are some international students giving their opinion about Americans, and their impressions, or ideas about Americans.
这是一些国际生在讲述自己对美国人的一些看法，一些印象，或者一些关于他们的印象。
impressions:印象
The reporter then goes to one of these classes, and we listen to the teacher explaining how Americans say “no,” and how they are often very direct in saying “no.”
解直接员然后描述了其中的一个课堂，我们来听听老师是怎样解直接美国人直接no的，以及他们在这方面到底有多直接。
direct:直接
The teacher is explaining the importance of being able to be direct, and say “no” in American English in the way that Americans communicate with each other.
老师正在解释可以直接直接NO的重要性，要以美国人的方式直接NO.她一开始就提问道：略……当我们活什么东西是impolite的时候，我们指的是‘不礼貌/粗鲁’。
direct:直接
It's a way of adding emphasis - of saying it is very, very, very important, or very necessary - we say, “It's absolutely necessary.”
这个单词通常被用来强调强调，我们会这样使用：It' s absolutely necessary——这是极其有必要的。
emphasis:强调
The teacher explains:[recording] It would be bragging, and it would be completely unacceptable to sell yourselves, so they say, “Oh, I try hard,” and to an American interviewer, this is completely inadequate.
那位老师接着说，这看起来有点像是吹嘘，有点像是在以让人接受不了的方式出售自己，所以他们会说，‘我很努力’，但这对于一位美国面试官来说，是完全不够的。
sell:出售
Let's listen to that again: [recording] It would be bragging, and it would be completely unacceptable to sell yourselves… Notice she says, “it would be completely unacceptable,” meaning that would not be something an American person hiring - trying to find a new employee - would want from a person interviewing.
让我们再来听一遍：略。注意一下，她说的是，‘将会是完全让人接受不了的’，指的是‘（如果进行吹嘘）美国想招新人的雇方是不会想在面试中听到这样的含义的。
meaning:含义
There's a famous singer, Christina Aguilera, who has a song called “Ain't No Other Man,” meaning there isn't any other man, but she's using “ain't” and the double negative, “no,” to communicate the idea of slang; of being part of the youth culture, perhaps.
加州有个有名的作词者Aguilera写了一首歌——《Ain' t No Other Man》，这里的意思就是，没有其他男人，但是她用了ain' t，以及双重负——有种俚语的味道，这也许是年轻人的一种文化。
negative:负
The first word is pronounced “good,” as in he opposite of “bad” - “good.”
第一个相反念作，good，bad的反义词。
opposite:相反
Gladys also wants to know about the word “you” (you) for singular and “you” for plural.
Gladys还想知道单词you的单数单一和复数单一。
singular:单一
Gladys also wants to know about the word “you” (you) for singular and “you” for plural.
Gladys还想知道单词you的单数复数和复数复数。
plural:复数
Many languages, Spanish for example, have two words; one word if you have just one person, another word if you have two or more people, but we don't have that distinction in English.
在很多词汇当中，俚语西班牙语吧，表示一个人的时候，有一个专门的单词，表示一个以上的人时，又有另外的单词。但是英语中没有这种区别。
words:词汇
So, we'll sometimes use these other expressions to communicate the same idea as you have in other languages, where there is a plural and a singular form of “you.”
也就是说，我们有时候会使用一些其它的表达来语言在你们的语言当中你们可能会分别使用单复的形式来语言的意思。
languages:语言
So, we'll sometimes use these other expressions to communicate the same idea as you have in other languages, where there is a plural and a singular form of “you.”
也就是说，我们有时候会使用一些其它的表达来传达在你们的语言当中你们可能会分别使用单复的复数来传达的意思。
plural:复数
So, we'll sometimes use these other expressions to communicate the same idea as you have in other languages, where there is a plural and a singular form of “you.”
也就是说，我们有时候会使用一些其它的表达来传达在你们的语言当中你们可能会分别使用单复的单一来传达的意思。
singular:单一
Mrs. Clinton says the US will give another five million dollars in humanitarian aid to the people fleeing the crisis in Syria.
克林顿夫人称美国将再次给予在叙利亚危机中逃跑民众500万美元人道主义援助。
fleeing:逃跑
In the last leg of the race, Bolt eased away from Ryan Bailey of the United States to bring the Jamaican team home and a new world record time.
在种族的最后一程，Bolt轻松甩脱美国Ryan Bailey，使牙买加取得了第一名，并创下新的世界纪录。
race:种族
Mr. Romney accidently introduced Mr. Ryan as the future president of the United States a mistake he corrected shortly afterwards.
罗姆尼介绍瑞安先生未来，意外地将其称为未来的美国总统，不过很快他就纠正了这个错误。
future:未来
On Tenerife, the biggest Island in Spain's tourist archipelago in the Atlantic Ocean, the authorities have moved 400 people from their homes as a precaution against the fire raging there.
特纳利夫岛是西班牙在大西洋旅游区爱琴海群岛中最大的岛屿，狂热将要蔓延的大火，当局已让400名居民迁离。
raging:狂热
"So I think that I cannot carry gun, but I can bring them some technology - we are not just in a gun machine war, we are in a media war and in a media war it means you need technology.
艾尔·哈达德说。“所以我认为自己不能带枪,但我可以给他们带去一些它—我们经历的不仅仅是枪炮战争,我们经历的更是一场媒体战争，而在媒体战争中意味着你需要它。
it:它
International reporting is spotty as Syria does not allow foreign reporters to roam freely, leaving the foreigners to cover the stories illicitly.
由于叙利亚不允许外国记者自由徘徊,所以国际报告大多参差不齐，致使很多外国记者非法报道报告。
reporting:报告
Al Haddad's brother, Abood, 18, lives and travels with the Free Syrian Army, documenting scenes from the frontlines and sending information to his older brother to distribute.
艾尔·哈达德18岁的弟弟安德鲁在自由叙利亚军中生活并随其旅行,他着文件前线所发生的一切并给他的哥哥发送信息分享。
documenting:文件
Al Haddad's brother, Abood, 18, lives and travels with the Free Syrian Army, documenting scenes from the frontlines and sending information to his older brother to distribute.
艾尔·哈达德18岁的弟弟安德鲁在自由叙利亚军中生活并随其旅行,他着记录前线所发生的一切并分发他的哥哥发送信息分享。
distribute:分发
In one kind of poker game, the first card to each player is given face down. A player does not show this card to the other players.
在扑克等大多数卡片游戏中，ace(幺点)是最大最有价值的牌，通常意味着胜利。
card:卡片
In one kind of poker game, the first card to each player is given face down. A player does not show this card to the other players.
在扑克等大多数卡片游戏中，ace(幺点)是最大最有价值的牌，通常意味着胜利。
card:卡片
The other cards are dealt face up. The players bet money each time they receive another card.
在一种纸牌卡片中，玩家拿到的第一张牌都是面朝下。
cards:卡片
The other cards are dealt face up. The players bet money each time they receive another card.
在一种纸牌游戏中，玩家接受的第一张牌都是面朝下。
receive:接受
The other cards are dealt face up. The players bet money each time they receive another card.
在一种卡片游戏中，玩家拿到的第一张牌都是面朝下。
card:卡片
And when someone tells you that the cards are stacked against you, he is saying you do not have a chance to succeed.
Deal off the bottom(出老千)意思是在生意或牌局中诈骗，如果有告诉你the cards are stacked against you，他的意思是你没有赢的机会。
have:有
You can do a better job of bluffing if you hold your cards close to your vest.
如果你hold your cards close to your vest(把牌放到胸口)，那你虚张声势的效果就会更好。
better:更好
Participants drank an alcoholicbeverage and smoked either a regular cigarette or a nicotine free one.
参与者喝酒精饮料后再抽一支烟或者抽一支不含尼古丁的香烟。
drank:喝
Participants drank an alcoholicbeverage and smoked either a regular cigarette or a nicotine free one.
参与者吸烟酒精饮料后再抽一支烟或者抽一支不含尼古丁的香烟。
smoked:吸烟
The firms have been charged with marketing drugs for unapproved uses, paying illegal kickbacks to raise sales, or both, cheating the public-health programmes that foot the bill.
他们和司法部共同打造了一个公私合伙的典范，1986年以来，这支队伍的销售超过了300 亿美元。
sales:销售
And states are getting fiercer: a judge in Arkansas recently ordered J&J to pay $1.1 billion for violating the state's version of the False Claims Act.
各州也愈加猛烈，最近，因违反州颁发的《虚假申报法案》，阿肯色州的一位法官命令强生支付11 亿美元。
ordered:命令
The European Commission duly delivered a long "statement of objections" earlier this month.
本月早些时候，欧盟委员会适时地发布了一份声明很长的"异议声明"（Statements of objections）。
statement:声明
Sales of recorded music have fallen by half in the past decade, from about $13 billion in 2002 to $6.5 billion last year.
但是也有对此怀有疑问，究竟环球唱片公司为什么将赌注双倍压在了这样一个不景气的市场上？
have:有
Downloaded music is much cheaper than the old compact discs.
在老的十年里，唱片业的销售额跌了有五成。
old:老
EMI is in fairly good shape after being put on a diet by Terra Firma, the private-equity firm that owned it before Citigroup.
花旗集团接手之前的百代（EMI），经过私募股权投资公司—泰丰资本（Terra Firma）的操刀调整之后，处于一个比较良好的是。
being:是
The latest Nielsen SoundScan [11]figures could conceivably support this view, as they show a slowing rate of decline of album sales in America in the first six months of 2012.
Nielsen SoundScan最新发布的数据对上述观点进行了有力的支持，正如数字显示的那样，2012年美国地区上半年唱片销量下降的趋势正在逐渐衰落。
decline:衰落
To regulators, Universal and Vivendi are singing a completely different tune.
但是面对行业的监管者们，环球和威望迪（Vivendi）通用完全唱起了不同的调调。
Universal:通用
They argue that record labels have been crippled by digital distributors such as Apple's iTunes, and by piracy. They moan that music retailers dictate terms to them.
他们争论道，类似苹果iTunes这样的数字分销商以及盗版音乐的存在，严重残疾了唱片行业的市场；他们还抱怨音乐零售商对他们颐指气使，发号施令。
crippled:残疾
They argue that record labels have been crippled by digital distributors such as Apple's iTunes, and by piracy. They moan that music retailers dictate terms to them.
他们争论道，类似苹果iTunes这样的数字零售商以及盗版音乐的存在，严重削弱了唱片行业的市场；他们还抱怨音乐零售商对他们颐指气使，发号施令。
retailers:零售商
The plan is not to cut costs and keep EMI's catalogue, but to "build it back up" and maintain it as a separate company within Universal.
公司的计划并非削减开支并同时保留百代旗下的艺人目录，而是要重振其雄风，并将百代作为一个环球内部独立的公司来运作。
catalogue:目录
Efforts to bundle music with mobile-phone or pay-TV subscriptions have failed to catch on.
所以，尽管试图将数字音乐同手机以及订阅电视订阅进行捆绑销售，但是这种做法并未在市场中流行开来。
subscriptions:订阅
London is saying goodby to the Olympics with spectacle, charm and decibels.
伦敦以奇观、魅力和声音来与奥运再见。
goodby:再见
Mr Cameron called on the world to take decisive action to transform the lives of millions of children.
卡梅隆呼吁世界采取决断行动来变换数百万儿童的生活。
transform:变换
The aim of the summit is to raise enough money to prevent 25 million under-5s from suffering stunted growth before the 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil.
这次峰会的目的是在2016巴西奥运会之前筹集足够的资金，来预防2500万五岁以下儿童发育不良。
aim:目的
They had previously served as defense minister. Nader Omran is a spokesman for Mr Morsi's party, the Muslim Brotherhood. He says it's a moment Egyptians have been demanding.
Nader Omran是穆尔西所属的穆斯林兄弟聚会的发言人，他说这个时刻是埃及人一直渴望的。
party:聚会
A Turkish member of parliament from the main opposition Republican People's Party has been kidnapped by the armed wing of the Kurdish separatist group PKK.
土耳其主要反对派人民共和党的一名议员遭到库尔德分裂主义聚会PKK武装派别的绑架。
Party:聚会
The governor of the province of Tunceli said Huseyin Aygun, who is of Kurdish origin, was abducted after visiting a village in his home province.
Tunceli省省长说库尔德血统的Huseyin Aygun在参观家乡省份一个村庄后被绑架。
visiting:参观
Tens of thousands of Rohingya have fled sectarian violence in Burma where they are not recognized as citizens, and are considered to be stateless.
罗辛亚族不被缅甸认可为公民，被视为无国家的人，已有上万罗辛亚族人在逃离宗派暴力。
fled:逃离
Tens of thousands of Rohingya have fled sectarian violence in Burma where they are not recognized as citizens, and are considered to be stateless.
罗辛亚族不被缅甸认可为公民，被考虑无国家的人，已有上万罗辛亚族人在逃避宗派暴力。
considered:考虑
To make matters worse, some of his corn crop has wilted.
更更糟的是，他的一些农作物已经枯萎了。
worse:更糟
The poultry is really going to be in the squeeze because they need, that all the chicken need is corn.
因为家禽完全需要提供玉米喂养，因此鸡也将会受影响。
chicken:鸡
While campaigning in Iowa, President Barack Obama announced the U.S government would buy up to $170 million worth of pork, chicken and lamb to help those producers affected by the drought.
”奥巴马总统在爱荷华州进行竞选宣传活动，他宣布美国政府将买价值1 亿7 千万美元的猪、家禽和羊，来帮助那些受到旱灾影响的农民。
buy:买
While campaigning in Iowa, President Barack Obama announced the U.S government would buy up to $170 million worth of pork, chicken and lamb to help those producers affected by the drought.
”奥巴马总统在爱荷华州进行竞选宣传活动，他宣布美国政府将购买价值1 亿7 千万美元的猪、鸡和羊，来帮助那些受到旱灾影响的农民。
chicken:鸡
While campaigning in Iowa, President Barack Obama announced the U.S government would buy up to $170 million worth of pork, chicken and lamb to help those producers affected by the drought.
”奥巴马总统在爱荷华州进行竞选宣传帮助，他宣布美国政府将购买价值1 亿7 千万美元的猪、家禽和羊，来帮助那些受到旱灾影响的农民。
help:帮助
He wants the legislation renewed before it expires to help provide a sense of security amid the drought.
他希望该法案在到期之前能够被更新，这样能在旱灾期间提供他们提供安全感。
provide:提供
“I’m counting on farmers, ranchers across the country who are impacted by the drought to remind the members of Congress that’s what the constitution requires us to do a wonderful job of, what the priorities are, so they can help me work with the committee and get this done.”
“我希望全国各地受到旱灾冲击的农场主和牧民能够提醒国会议员们：什么是宪法要求我们的议员们应做好的工作，以及哪些是我们的议员们需要优先考虑的工作，我希望这能使议员们帮助我和我们的农业委员会一起通过农业法案。”
ranchers:农场主
The residents of Azaz clean up and mourn after Wednesday’s deadly bombing by Syrian government’s war planes.
星期三，叙利亚政府军战斗机发动致命炸弹轰炸，此时Azaz镇的居民正在清扫家园并悼念死者。
bombing:轰炸
There were children dead there. There were kids inside here and we found body parts of a boy here.”
有的被埋在这里，我们还在这里发现了一个男孩的里面尸体。”
inside:里面
Some crossed the border Wednesday evening but many spent the night here waiting for a place in Turkey’s already crowed camps. Yet many people stay on. Azaz remains defiant.
周三晚上一些人交叉边界进入土耳其，但是还有许多人在Azaz过夜，他们等着第二天进入已经拥挤的土耳其难民营。
crossed:交叉
He also was the lead researcher in the study. GARY GIOVINO: "Tobacco contributes an enormous burden to the health care system in developed countries, and that scenario will play out in the not-too-distant future in low- and middle-income countries.
Gary Giovino ：“烟草对发达中间的医疗体系构成了巨大的负担，在不远的将来，这样的情况将在低收入和中等收入中间也会出现。
middle:中间
GARY GIOVINO: "The China National Tobacco Company has supported elementary schools in China – dozens and dozens of them. And they use their support to promote propaganda about tobacco use, and they are basically telling students that genius comes from hard work and tobacco helps them to be successful.
GARY GIOVINO:“中国国家烟草公司向无数中国小学提供促进，他们利用这种促进来促进烟草消费的宣传，他们甚至告诉学生们，天才来自刻苦工作，而烟草可以帮助他们实现成功。
promote:促进
The study showed that governments and social traditions in many countries are open to influence from pro-tobacco forces.
”研究发现，许多打开的政府和社会传统容易受到亲烟草势力的影响。
open:打开
The study showed that governments and social traditions in many countries are open to influence from pro-tobacco forces.
”研究发现，许多国家的政府和社会传统容易受到亲烟草影响的影响。
influence:影响
So the Australian court decision is considered important in supporting those fighting to control tobacco use.
因此澳大利亚法院的决定被考虑在抗击烟草使用上很重要。
considered:考虑
This week the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation trumpeted another announcement: results from a phase III trial (the more extensive process of testing drugs in people) of a malaria vaccine called RTS,S. This is the world's most advanced vaccine for malaria and the results, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, were encouraging.
本周，"比尔和梅琳达?盖茨基金会"发表了另一个宣布，内容是世界上对抗疟疾最先进的疫苗RTS，S的第三试验阶段（在人群中广泛使用药物并测量反应）的结果，发表于《新英格兰医学杂志》上的结果振奋人心。
announcement:宣布
The vaccine tries to stop one type of malaria parasite, Plasmodium falciparum, before it has a chance to wreak havoc.
该疫苗能停止疟疾寄生虫恶性疟原虫的尝试，使它不能为非作歹。
tries:尝试
Travelling swiftly to the liver, the parasites hide, mature and multiply before staging a grand second act in the bloodstream, where they invade red blood cells, multiply again, and invade more cells.
它传播敏捷，在寄主身上隐藏起来、成熟、繁殖，然后在血流里进行第二个大的行动，入侵红细胞后再次繁殖，接着侵占更多细胞。
bloodstream:血流
This efficacy was "on the positive side of what we were expecting," says Christian Loucq of the PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative, GSK's partner on RTS,S.
葛兰素史克公司在研制RTS. S的搭档"疟疾疫苗开发计划"的Christian Loucq说这种有效性"是我们曾期待的积极一面"。
efficacy:有效性
Discovering a talent for selling, she persuaded other ladies to part with 10,000 rand ($1,190) for Avon's make up and fashion accessories in her first month.
这，改变了她的一切。渐渐地，她发掘出自己的销售才能，在就职的第一个月内便成功说服一些女士顾客消费10, 000兰特（1190美元）购买雅芳的化妆品和时尚饰品。
ladies:女士
The world's biggest direct seller of cosmetics has had little to cheer about of late.
这家全球最大的化妆品直销卖家最近却高兴不起来。
seller:卖家
The trick for direct-sales companies such as Avon is not getting people to buy your products, but getting people to sell them.
"她笑着直接。雅芳这一类直销公司的策略不是吸引人们来购买自己的产品，而是通过招徕人手来进行销售。
direct:直接
The trick for direct-sales companies such as Avon is not getting people to buy your products, but getting people to sell them.
"她笑着说。雅芳这一类直销公司的策略不是吸引人们来买自己的产品，而是通过招徕人手来进行销售。
buy:买
The trick for direct-sales companies such as Avon is not getting people to buy your products, but getting people to sell them.
"她笑着说。雅芳这一类直销公司的策略不是吸引人们来购买自己的产品，而是通过招徕人手来进行出售。
sell:出售
Avon does not demand any formal qualifications; only a warm smile and a start-up fee of 75 rand.
雅芳公司并不需求任何的正式资历，只需求有热情的笑容和一笔75兰特的开办费用。
demand:需求
Researchers at Oxford University recently published a three-year study of Avon ladies in South Africa.
牛津大学的研究人员最近公布了一项为期三年的关于南非雅芳（直销）女士的研究成果。
ladies:女士
In rural areas, where many roads have no names and houses no numbers, Avon delivers merchandise to post offices so that reps can pick them up.
在农村地区，那里的道路没有路名，房子也没有门号，（于是）雅芳公司把商品运到邮局里，以便直销人员领取。
merchandise:商品
Avon has devised a rating system that takes account of small indices of permanence and responsibility, such as a mobile phone number or a formal address.
雅芳公司制定了一套评级系统，帐户了各项固定可靠的详细数据，例如手机号码或者正式地址。
account:帐户
The difference between a wild plant and one that serves some human end is a lot of selective breeding-the picking and combining over the years of mutations that result in bigger seeds, tastier fruit or whatever else is required.
野生植物与供人食用的植物之间的不同之处在于后者经过了层层筛选和培植，也就是经过多年的突变，将优良品相进行选择并组合，以培育出更大的种子，更甜的种子，或者人类需要的其他结果。
seeds:种子
Instead she is sticking them in a particle accelerator and bombarding them with heavy ions-large atoms that have been stripped down to their nuclei by the removal of their electrons.
他们将种子放入离子加速器，并用重离子对种子进行轰击碰撞，重离子是大原子去掉电子后只剩原子核的状态。
ions:离子
The next stage of the project, to be carried out this month, is to take 50 grains from each of the successful plants and repeat the process with them.
本周即将进行这一计划的下一步骤，用50谷物成活的种子重复进行上述实验，再将产出的种子分类。
grains:谷物
Syrian state television has confirmed the crash, but said it was due to technical problems.
叙利亚国家电视台确认坠机事件，但称是出于它问题。
it:它
The plane appeared to be a Russian-built MiG-23, and experts say it's decked out in the distinctive markings of a Syrian air force.
这架飞机看来像是俄罗斯制造的MiG -23，专家称机身上装饰有叙利亚空军的醒目标记。
markings:标记
A few seconds into the footage, a bright, yellowy orange point of flame appears on the fuselage, and then, almost immediately, blossoms into a huge ball of light.
在视频的几秒钟时，机身上出现一个很亮的、橘黄色火光然后，很快，就变成巨大的光球。
then:然后
The commission said certain security measures were not heeded, meaning that Breivik was able to plant a bomb close to government buildings unnoticed.
委员会称警察没有注意到一些安全，这意味着布雷维克可以在不被发现的情况下将炸弹放置在政府大楼内。
security:安全
It's just over a year since Anders Breivik set off a bomb at a government building in Oslo, and then drove to the picturesque island of Utoeya, where, dressed in police uniform, he calmly picked off his victims.
一年多前，安德斯·布雷维克在奥斯陆一座政府大楼引爆一枚炸弹，然后开车驶往风景优美的托亚岛，在那里，他身穿一身警服，平静岛屿挑选要袭击的人。
island:岛屿
It's just over a year since Anders Breivik set off a bomb at a government building in Oslo, and then drove to the picturesque island of Utoeya, where, dressed in police uniform, he calmly picked off his victims.
一年多前，安德斯·布雷维克在奥斯陆一座政府大楼引爆一枚炸弹，然后开车驶往风景优美的托亚岛，在那里，他制服一身警服，平静地挑选要袭击的人。
uniform:制服
The Vatican spokesman said inquiries are continuing, and other people working inside the Vatican may be implicated.
梵蒂冈发言人称调查仍在继续，其他工作在梵蒂冈的人也会牵涉。
implicated:牵涉
It marks the official start of Rio's Olympic preparations which include the building of several sports venues in the next four years.
这标志着里约奥运的准备工作正式开始，包括在四年内建筑基础体育场馆。
building:建筑
Fanned by warm winds, the fires on La Gomera have engulfed scrubland and dry valleys, and sent residents fleeing from the western town of Valle Gran Rey.
暖风使火焰更旺，戈梅拉岛上的大火吞噬了灌木丛林地和干谷，西部Valle Gran Rey镇的居民被迫逃跑。
fleeing:逃跑
Widely credited with helping to encourage the female sexual revolution, she was hired by Hearst which owns Cosmopolitan in 1965 to improve the magazine's fortunes.
她因鼓励女性解放革命而备受赞誉，1965年被《大都会》的所有者赫斯特雇用，帮助革命该杂志的命运。
revolution:革命
Widely credited with helping to encourage the female sexual revolution, she was hired by Hearst which owns Cosmopolitan in 1965 to improve the magazine's fortunes.
她因鼓励女性解放革命而备受赞誉，1965年被《大都会》的所有者赫斯特雇用，帮助改善该杂志的命运。
improve:改善
Hon Hai was keen to get the inside track to advanced glass technology (used in iPhone displays, for example) much valued by Apple, its main customer.
而鸿海又急切希望能在有利平台上改进镜面板工艺技术(如在Iphone手机上的显示技术)，这是它最大客户苹果公司最看中的价值。
technology:技术
Hon Hai was keen to get the inside track to advanced glass technology (used in iPhone displays, for example) much valued by Apple, its main customer.
而鸿海又急切希望能在有利平台上改进镜面板它的(如在Iphone手机上的显示应用)，这是它最大客户苹果公司最看中的价值。
its:它的
He thinks the likely outcome is for Hon Hai to take a 9.9% stake in Sharp but at a price closer to ￥200-300 ($2.50-3.80) rather than ￥550, where the shares stood when the deal was agreed in March.
他认为比较可能的结果是鸿海按每股近200-300日元（2.5-3.8美元）收购夏普9.9%的赌注，而不是按3月和夏普谈定交易时每股500日元的价格。
stake:赌注
Others speculate that a reworked deal may give his firm a bigger stake in Sharp.
其他机构揣测这桩要重新商谈的交易也有可能会夏普在总收购价不变的前提下多送一些赌注给鸿海。
stake:赌注
If Mr Guo does not pour all the cash he has promised into Sharp, his investors would be relieved.
如果郭台铭可以不按之前承诺给夏普的价格去现金入股，他的投资者会着实松一口气。
cash:现金
After all, it would still be saddled with a stake in a debt-laden firm with diminishing prospects.
毕竟它将要背负起的是一个债务前景又更凄风冷雨的公司。
debt:债务
FOR the past few years, a European collaboration called IMPLICC (Implications and Risks of Novel Options to Limit Climate Change) has been looking at what it might mean to engineer the climate, by reducing the amount of sunshine that reaches the Earth's surface.
近几年在欧洲合作平台上，简称IMPLICC的组织，（控制气候变化--新颖选项的含义及风险）持续对减少阳光直射地球为目的研究做探讨，探讨是为了解该项气候它的含义。
it:它
This week the IMPLICC team and other interested parties met in Mainz, Germany, to discuss the results-for the various models have turned out to agree far better than many of their creators expected.
IMPLICC团队与其他相关聚会，这个星期在德国--迈因茨举行讨论。多个模型结果的相符程度还比模型创造人所预计的更相似，加强了预测结果的可信度。
parties:聚会
Others fear that if geoengineering is shown to work it will, by offering a palliative for the problem of global warming, let politicians put off difficult decisions that might lead to a permanent solution.
则学家--克利韦·汉密尔顿在会议中对地理它研究背后的理念提出批评，认为地理它或对环境影响微不足道，但对人们的思考模式却有更深层及无法控制的影响。
it:它
In light of such thinking, in September 2011, a "stakeholder committee" consisting of a geographer, a sociologist, an atmospheric scientist, an engineer and an adviser to Friends of the Earth (an environmental lobby group) who had been appointed by the EPSRC told the SPICE merchants they needed to be more convincing about how the experiment would be explained, how it would fit into ideas about the future, and how its safety and wisdom could be vouched for publicly.
委员会要求SPICE商家，对实验目的，未来环境展望的合适性，如何对公众提供研究操作上的安全及知识担保，向这几个方面做出更有说服力的解释及支持。实验的执行更因它--彼得·戴维森对相关技术做出专利权申请，而有所复杂化。戴维森同时受EPSRC委托，负责挑选可获资助的地理工程项目。
it:它
In light of such thinking, in September 2011, a "stakeholder committee" consisting of a geographer, a sociologist, an atmospheric scientist, an engineer and an adviser to Friends of the Earth (an environmental lobby group) who had been appointed by the EPSRC told the SPICE merchants they needed to be more convincing about how the experiment would be explained, how it would fit into ideas about the future, and how its safety and wisdom could be vouched for publicly.
委员会要求SPICE商家，对实验目的，未来环境展望的合适性，如何对公众提供研究操作上的安全及知识担保，向这几个方面做出更有说服力的解释及支持。实验的执行更因工程顾问--彼得·戴维森对相关它做出专利权申请，而有所复杂化。戴维森同时受EPSRC委托，负责挑选可获资助的地理工程项目。
it:它
In light of such thinking, in September 2011, a "stakeholder committee" consisting of a geographer, a sociologist, an atmospheric scientist, an engineer and an adviser to Friends of the Earth (an environmental lobby group) who had been appointed by the EPSRC told the SPICE merchants they needed to be more convincing about how the experiment would be explained, how it would fit into ideas about the future, and how its safety and wisdom could be vouched for publicly.
委员会要求SPICE商家，对实验目的，未来环境展望的合适性，如何对公众提供研究操作上的安全及知识担保，向这几个方面做出更有说服力的解释及支持。实验的执行更因它的--彼得·戴维森对相关技术做出专利权申请，而有所复杂化。戴维森同时受EPSRC委托，负责挑选可获资助的地理工程项目。
its:它的
In light of such thinking, in September 2011, a "stakeholder committee" consisting of a geographer, a sociologist, an atmospheric scientist, an engineer and an adviser to Friends of the Earth (an environmental lobby group) who had been appointed by the EPSRC told the SPICE merchants they needed to be more convincing about how the experiment would be explained, how it would fit into ideas about the future, and how its safety and wisdom could be vouched for publicly.
委员会要求SPICE商家，对实验目的，未来环境展望的合适性，如何对公众提供研究操作上的安全及知识担保，向这几个方面做出更有说服力的解释及支持。实验的执行更因工程顾问--彼得·戴维森对相关它的做出专利权申请，而有所复杂化。戴维森同时受EPSRC委托，负责挑选可获资助的地理工程项目。
its:它的
Such brightening has been observed in the exhaust plumes of cargo ships for some time, but Lynn Russell, who ran the experiment, was still surprised by how much brightening the team saw.
尽管货船排放出的废气羽梅花以被观察出能使云朵变白，实验人员--琳·拉塞尔仍对实验成果，云朵的白化程度感到惊讶。
plumes:梅花
Though Dr Russell's experiment had been designed mainly to look at how clouds form naturally, it paves the way for future work on geoengineering.
拉塞尔的实验是为观察云朵的自然形成而设计，在此也为更多地理它研究铺路。
it:它
John Coates, once a trader on Wall Street and now a neuroscientist at Cambridge University, presents yet another culprit: biology, or, more precisely, the physiology of risk-taking.
约翰·科茨曾是华尔街的交易员，如今身为剑桥大学神经科学家的他，认为另有生理学因素在作祟，确切来说是冒险生理机能。
physiology:生理学
Financial traders, he says, are influenced by what is going on in their bodies as well as in the markets. Two steroid hormones—testosterone and cortisol—come out in force during the excesses of bull and bear markets.
他认为金融交易员会受到生理情况以及市场局势受影响，强劲的牛市和熊市出现时,　两类固醇激素，就是睾酮和皮质醇会剧增。
influenced:受影响
A male that wins one battle goes into the next one primed with higher levels of testosterone, helping him to win again.
雄性男性在斗争中取得一次胜利时，体内更大量的睾酮会帮助它赢得下一场胜利。
male:男性
A male that wins one battle goes into the next one primed with higher levels of testosterone, helping him to win again.
雄性动物在斗争中取得一次获胜时，体内更大量的睾酮会帮助它赢得下一场获胜。
wins:获胜
In one experiment Mr Coates sampled testosterone levels in traders in London and found that higher levels of the hormone in the morning correlated with beefier profits in the afternoon.
在一次实验中，科茨先生对伦敦交易员做了睾酮量的抽样调查，他发现早晨中偏高的激素量与午后的高利润样品相互关联。
sampled:样品
The body’s response to prolonged periods of stress is to secrete increasing amounts of cortisol, a hormone that marshals resources to cope with crises.
身体在应付长期承受的压力时，会增加皮质醇（激素）的激素，这种激素掌管的是对付危机的资源。
hormone:激素
Good traders seem to produce a lot of hormones, but only for short periods of time.
好的交易员体内似乎是会激素较多的激素，但情况只限于在短时间内。
hormones:激素
Rational analysis becomes harder, allowing emotional responses to gain the upper hand; risk aversion grows as testosterone production is suppressed.
这使到交易员无法做出理性的分析，被情绪被压迫；体内接着在压制睾酮量时会导致回避风险的倾向。
suppressed:被压迫
One answer, he thinks, is to change the chemical make-up of trading floors by hiring more older men and, especially, women.
他认为其中一个答案，是通过较有年龄的男性或女性雇员的高来改变交易所内的化学成分。
up:高
In China Pfizer established a "club" that provided "high-prescribing" doctors with all kinds of entertainment under the guise of attending conferences.
辉瑞公司在中国成立了一个"俱乐部"，该俱乐部以已建立的会的名义邀请那些"已建立的药量较大"的医生参加各种娱乐活动。
established:已建立的
In China Pfizer established a "club" that provided "high-prescribing" doctors with all kinds of entertainment under the guise of attending conferences.
辉瑞公司在中国成立了一个"俱乐部"，该俱乐部以会议的名义邀请那些"开药量较大"的医生参加各种娱乐活动。
conferences:会议
This week Pfizer agreed to pay a fine to settle corruption charges and to disgorge related illegally earned profits to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
本周，辉瑞公司为了了结腐败指控同意支付好的，并愿意向美国证券交易委员会上缴相关非法所得利润。
fine:好的
So Pfizer's behaviour seems to have been normal for the industry, not an aberration.
所以这样看来，辉瑞公司的行为在这个行业里并非偏差。
aberration:偏差
Most successful prosecutions in the past have been the result of whistle-blowing or a lucky break; regulators have long suspected that many companies have publicly supported the law while privately turning a blind eye to dodgy activities abroad, doubtless assuming that they would never be caught.
以往一些控诉成功的案件不是有揭发就是运气使然，监管者一直怀疑许多公司虽然在公开场合坚决拥护法律，但私底下却对那些海外不法行为视而不见，还相信自己永远不会被绳之以法。
have:有
Most successful prosecutions in the past have been the result of whistle-blowing or a lucky break; regulators have long suspected that many companies have publicly supported the law while privately turning a blind eye to dodgy activities abroad, doubtless assuming that they would never be caught.
以往一些控诉成功的案件不是有揭发就是运气使然，监管者一直怀疑许多公司虽然在公开场合坚决拥护法律，但私底下却对那些海外不法行为视而不见，还相信自己永远不会被绳之以法。
have:有
Most successful prosecutions in the past have been the result of whistle-blowing or a lucky break; regulators have long suspected that many companies have publicly supported the law while privately turning a blind eye to dodgy activities abroad, doubtless assuming that they would never be caught.
以往一些控诉成功的案件不是有揭发就是运气使然，监管者一直怀疑许多公司虽然在公开场合坚决拥护法律，但私底下却对那些海外不法行为视而不见，还相信自己永远不会被绳之以法。
have:有
The relatively small fine imposed on Pfizer was the Justice Department's way of showing that firms that co-operate will be treated leniently, says Ben Heineman of Harvard's Kennedy School of Government.
哈佛肯尼迪政治学院的Ben Heineman称，此次美国司法部门对辉瑞公司好的力度相对较轻就是为了表明会对那些协助调查的公司宽大处理。
fine:好的
A few more examples of such regulatory forbearance and perhaps business will get the message.
或许这样宽恕处理的例子再多一些，商务就能更好地领会监管者的意图了。
business:商务
Ideally a web of multilateral institutions and laws would impose order and hold wayward countries in line.
理想主义的观念认为，一个多元化的机构网络和法律可以带来秩序，让那些不驯服的国家服从。
institutions:机构
Innumerable books and essays have already plumbed the consequences of America's loss, or possible loss, of global leadership, with the best providing either fresh insight or original reporting.
已经有无数本专著和论文在探究美国衰落或者可能衰落可能会带来的结果，其中好的书要么有创新的视角要么在原始材料方面比较突出。
books:书
Their only purpose is to provide Mr Bremmer with repeated opportunities to assert that “in a G-Zero world” such conflicts can no longer be solved from above.
它们唯一的用处只是提供布雷默机会让他重复了一个观点，即在G零世界中这些冲突都不可能自上而下得到解决。
provide:提供
The G7 occasionally influenced the direction of the dollar or the relations between rich countries and the emerging markets, but more often it issued anodyne, forgettable communiqués.
G7峰会偶尔会受影响美元的方向或者富裕国家与新兴市场之间的关系，但是更多情况下，它只是发布一些类似于止痛剂一样的公告，那些公告也很快就被会被人们抛诸脑后。
influenced:受影响
Brazil and Turkey failed in their negotiation over Iran's nuclear programme.
巴西和土耳其在他们的伊朗以上项目问题的谈判中失败了。
over:以上
Some Kenyan farmers say the disease has reduced crop production by as much as sixty percent.
一些肯尼亚农民称这种疾病已使作物产量减少了60%。
reduced:减少
“In the dispute with one of the, the former employees of Hazan in front of the building, Jonson produced the pistol and fired at close range, striking his 41 year old victim in the head.”
“琼森与哈杉公司的一名前雇员在帝国大厦前争吵，他拿出手枪近距离被开枪，击中了41岁受害者的头部。”
fired:被开枪
Fungi aren’t animals either, but for what it’s worth, some scientists consider them more akin to animals than plants.
同样，真菌也不是动物，但是从其价值方面考虑，科学家们考虑他更接近于动物而不是植物。
consider:考虑
A major defining difference between the two kingdoms, however, is that while fungi do indeed have to consume other material, they don’t have stomachs like animals.
最主要的区别在于尽管真菌要食用其他的材料，但是它不像动物一样有胃。
material:材料
They knew that anesthetics caused pain receptors in the brain to turn off by acting like most drugs do:
他们知道正如许多麻醉那样，麻醉药让大脑里的疼痛受体处于关闭状态。
anesthetics:麻醉
They say they will return to the protest site and continue to demand better pay.
他们称将回到抗议地点，继续需求加薪。
demand:需求
Thousands of people have taken part in anti-Japanese protests in China after Japanese nationalists raised the flag of Japan on disputed islands in East China Sea.
由于日本民族主义者在中国东海有争议的岛屿上插上日本民族主义者，中国上万人参加了反日抗议。
nationalists:民族主义者
Local officials are blaming Colombia's largest rebel group the Farc for the attack. It happened near the city of Tumaco which has been without power for the past ten days.
当地官方谴责哥伦比亚最大的叛军组织Farc实施了袭击，事件发生在图马科市附近，这里过去十天靠近一直断电。
near:靠近
Some Christian groups have suggested she has Down's syndrome. She was allegedly found carrying a waste bag which contained pages from the Koran. This is said to have infuriated some local people.
一些基督组织称她有唐氏综合征，据说有发现她带了一个装有《可兰经》中几页纸的垃圾袋，据说这激怒了一些当地人。
have:有
Some Christian groups have suggested she has Down's syndrome. She was allegedly found carrying a waste bag which contained pages from the Koran. This is said to have infuriated some local people.
一些基督组织称她有唐氏综合征，据说有发现她带了一个装有《可兰经》中几页纸的垃圾袋，据说这激怒了一些当地人。
have:有
Some Christian groups have suggested she has Down's syndrome. She was allegedly found carrying a waste bag which contained pages from the Koran. This is said to have infuriated some local people.
一些基督组织称她有唐氏综合征，据说有人发现她带了一个装有《可兰经》中几页纸的垃圾袋，据说这愤怒了一些当地人。
infuriated:愤怒
And after the prayers on Friday, a large angry crowd gathered to demand action against her.
周五祈祷后，一大群人赶来需求指控这名女孩。
demand:需求
Officials say more than 600 Christians have since fled to their homes from the neighborhood.
官方称已有600多名基督教徒从这个社区的家中逃离。
fled:逃离
The final obstacle to the formation of Somalia's first parliament selected inside the country since 1991 appears to have been overcome.
阻碍索马里组建1991年来第一个选举议会的障碍似乎已经出现扫除。
appears:出现
The President had halted the issuing of identity cards for MPs.
总统已经停顿颁发议员身份证。
halted:停顿
President Barack Obama has warned that the use or movement of biological and chemical weapons in Syria would change his calculation when it comes to military intervention.
总统巴拉克·奥巴马警告说，叙利亚一旦使用或移动生物和化学武器，他就会运动对军事干预的态度。
movement:运动
He added that Washington had made clear to President Assad's government and players on the ground that WMDs were an absolute red line.
他说，华盛顿已向总统阿萨德的政府和冲突参与方明确表示，大规模杀伤WMDs就是绝对红线。
WMDs:WMDs
A retired Colombian police general, who served as security chief for the then president Alvaro Uribe, has pleaded guilty of having links with right wing paramilitaries.
哥伦比亚一名退休警长承认曾与右翼准军事警察有关联，他曾做过时任总统乌里韦的安全部长。
police:警察
A retired Colombian police general, who served as security chief for the then president Alvaro Uribe, has pleaded guilty of having links with right wing paramilitaries.
哥伦比亚一名退休警长承认曾与右翼准军事部队有关联，他曾服务过时任总统乌里韦的安全部长。
served:服务
A retired Colombian police general, who served as security chief for the then president Alvaro Uribe, has pleaded guilty of having links with right wing paramilitaries.
哥伦比亚一名退休警长承认曾与右翼准军事准军事部队有关联，他曾做过时任总统乌里韦的安全部长。
paramilitaries:准军事部队
This is, said Augusta National chairman Billy Payne, a joyous occasion. The campaigns to have women joined the club kicked off a decade ago.
这个消息是奥古斯塔国家高尔夫球比利主席比利·佩恩在愉快的场合宣布的。
Billy:比利
“There was a time when the Chinese were building a cross border-bridge about 10 minutes away from where I grew up and there were so many.
“曾经有一段时间,中国在距我长大的地方大约10分钟的路程的地方建筑跨境桥梁。
building:建筑
“There was a time when the Chinese were building a cross border-bridge about 10 minutes away from where I grew up and there were so many.
“曾经有一段时间,中国在距我长大的地方大约10分钟的路程的地方十字架跨境桥梁。
cross:十字架
“There was a time when the Chinese were building a cross border-bridge about 10 minutes away from where I grew up and there were so many.
“曾经有一段时间,中国在距我长大的地方大约10分钟的路程的地方桥跨境桥梁。
bridge:桥
“My home was a bread-making one, a kind of catering, and we were supplying them with bread.
“我的家制造烘焙面包,这是一种餐食,而我们为他们提供面包。
making:制造
Many Africans say they come to China for the opportunity to build their entrepreneurial dreams.
拉敏说道。许多非洲人表示他们来到中国是为了实现自己创业梦想的说。
say:说
“The kind of racism I experience here is completely different to the racism you would probably experience in America or in London, for example. And, by far, I prefer the kind of racism I get here in China because it's kind of cute, in a way,”Zamoa said.
“我在这里经历的这种种族主义和你可能在美国或在伦敦经历的完全不同,到目前为止,我更偏好在中国的这种,因为在某种程度上它有些可爱。”萨摩亚说道。
prefer:偏好
PEPFAR is considered one of the most successful programs created during the presidency of George W. Bush.
PEPFAR项目被考虑是布什总统在任期间发起的最成功的项目之一。
considered:考虑
Scientists have been debating this question for a long time.
科学家们围绕这个问题已经辩论了很长的时间。
debating:辩论
See, methane is a powerful greenhouse gas, meaning that it could have helped keep the sun’s rays trapped near the earth’s surface.
甲烷是一种强有力的温室甲烷，它可以维持地球表面的太阳光线。
methane:甲烷
See, methane is a powerful greenhouse gas, meaning that it could have helped keep the sun’s rays trapped near the earth’s surface.
甲烷是一种强有力的温室气体，它可以维持地球表面的太阳射线。
rays:射线
It will provide €829m for ASML's research-and-development efforts and will buy the resulting tools, due in a few years.
在接下来的几年，Intel将会提供8.29 亿欧元支持ASML研发努力并购买研究成果。
efforts:努力
It will provide €829m for ASML's research-and-development efforts and will buy the resulting tools, due in a few years.
在接下来的几年，Intel将会提供8.29 亿欧元支持ASML研发活动并买研究成果。
buy:买
It reckons that EUV will cost it and its suppliers €3.4 billion.
ASML预计，EUV它需要公司和投资者投入34 亿欧元。
It:它
It reckons that EUV will cost it and its suppliers €3.4 billion.
ASML估算，EUV技术开发需要公司和投资者投入34 亿欧元。
reckons:估算
It reckons that EUV will cost it and its suppliers €3.4 billion.
ASML预计，EUV它需要公司和投资者投入34 亿欧元。
it:它
It reckons that EUV will cost it and its suppliers €3.4 billion.
ASML预计，EUV它的需要公司和投资者投入34 亿欧元。
its:它的
Until Intel promised to pay (the resulting economies of scale matter more to Intel than to its rivals), ASML had been reluctant to press on with 450mm technology. The development of EUV, in contrast, was likely anyway.
如果没有Intel的投资（相关投入所产生的经济效益对于Intel的意义比其竞争对手大得多），ASML将不会继续450毫米晶圆它的的开发。
its:它的
"Most semiconductor companies consider it critical to taking them beyond 20 nanometres."
"EUV一直以来都非常重要，"投资银行野村控股的Richard Windsor表示，"大部分半导体公司都考虑，EUV对于他们能否制作小于20纳米宽度的电路起着决定性作用。
consider:考虑
He made it as fashionable as philosophy and poetry, both of which he wove through his ethnographical studies as perhaps only French intellectuals can.
列维-斯特劳斯让人类学变成了和哲学、诗歌一样时髦的东西，并把这两种他融入进自己的民族学著作中，这恐怕只有法国的知识分子才办得到。
He:他
He made it as fashionable as philosophy and poetry, both of which he wove through his ethnographical studies as perhaps only French intellectuals can.
列维-斯特劳斯让人类学变成了和哲学、诗歌一样时髦的东西，并把这两种如融入进自己的民族学著作中，这恐怕只有法国的知识分子才办得到。
as:如
He made it as fashionable as philosophy and poetry, both of which he wove through his ethnographical studies as perhaps only French intellectuals can.
列维-斯特劳斯让人类学变成了和哲学、诗歌一样时髦的东西，并把这两种如融入进自己的民族学著作中，这恐怕只有法国的知识分子才办得到。
as:如
He made it as fashionable as philosophy and poetry, both of which he wove through his ethnographical studies as perhaps only French intellectuals can.
列维-斯特劳斯让人类学变成了和哲学、诗歌一样时髦的东西，并把这两种他融入进自己的民族学著作中，这恐怕只有法国的知识分子才办得到。
he:他
He made it as fashionable as philosophy and poetry, both of which he wove through his ethnographical studies as perhaps only French intellectuals can.
列维-斯特劳斯让人类学变成了和哲学、诗歌一样时髦的东西，并把这两种如融入进自己的民族学著作中，这恐怕只有法国的知识分子才办得到。
as:如
He never got too near or stayed too long in his rare stints of field-work, mostly in Brazil in the 1930s; he grasped only a few words of the languages, and avoided the “hateful” distractions of individual characters.
在他屈指可数的几次田野调查中（多数都是1930年代在巴西完成的），他从不和当地的族群靠近太近，也不久留，所以土著语也说不了几句，并极力避免让“可恶”的个人性格特点干扰自己的研究。
near:靠近
He never got too near or stayed too long in his rare stints of field-work, mostly in Brazil in the 1930s; he grasped only a few words of the languages, and avoided the “hateful” distractions of individual characters.
在他屈指可数的几次田野调查中（多数都是1930年代在巴西完成的），他从不和当地的族群走得太近，也不久留，所以土著词汇也说不了几句，并极力避免让“可恶”的个人性格特点干扰自己的研究。
words:词汇
In the bitter phrase of Jean-Paul Sartre, with whom he sparred for years, he preferred to view men like ants.
和他口上交锋多年的让-保罗·萨特曾用辛辣的语言评价列维-斯特劳斯，说他喜欢的把人类看成是一堆蚂蚁。
preferred:喜欢的
He focused not on their differences but on the deep-lying patterns and systems in everything they did, until he could proclaim that all tribal myths were reducible to one formula, and that all human thought, “savage” or not, was built up from binary opposites such as hot and cold, night and day, raw and cooked, good and bad.
斯特劳斯做观察时，会忽略掉族群间的差异，而是注重隐秘于所有行为下面共通的模式和系统，直到他可以将所有族群的神话都归到同一个方程式。除此之外，人类所有的思考——无论是“野蛮人”的想法，还是“文明人”的集中——都是一种二元对立结构，像冷和热、白天和黑夜、生食和熟食、好和坏。
focused:集中
He focused not on their differences but on the deep-lying patterns and systems in everything they did, until he could proclaim that all tribal myths were reducible to one formula, and that all human thought, “savage” or not, was built up from binary opposites such as hot and cold, night and day, raw and cooked, good and bad.
斯特劳斯做观察时，会忽略掉族群间的差异，而是注重隐秘于所有行为下面共通的模式和系统，直到他可以将所有族群的神话都归到同一个方程式。除此之外，人类所有的思考——无论是“野蛮人”的想法，还是“文明人”的思维——都是一种二元对立模式，像冷和热、白天和黑夜、生食和熟食、好和坏。
patterns:模式
Round these concepts whole societies, as well as stories, were organised.
所有社会，无一例外，都是围绕这些对立的全构建而成的，各种的神话故事就更不用说了。
whole:全
In tribal myths, apparently diverse and arbitrary elements—eruptions by lizards and woodpeckers, the significance of black arrows or the artemisia plant —were suddenly revealed to have a universal unity at their heart, a quest for objective knowledge and origins as acute as any in the West.
族群神话中那些表面看起来复杂任意的在——比如蜥蜴、啄木鸟和火山爆发，比如黑色的箭或是蒿类植物的特殊含义——如果究其内核，会突然显现出协同一致性，那是一种对于客观知识和万物由来的探求，当中表现出的急切感不亚于西方任何一次同类的探求。
at:在
In tribal myths, apparently diverse and arbitrary elements—eruptions by lizards and woodpeckers, the significance of black arrows or the artemisia plant —were suddenly revealed to have a universal unity at their heart, a quest for objective knowledge and origins as acute as any in the West.
族群神话中那些表面看起来复杂任意的元素——比如蜥蜴、啄木鸟和火山爆发，比如黑色的箭或是蒿类植物的特殊含义——如果究其内核，会突然显现出协同一致性，那是一种对于客观知识和万物由来的探险，当中表现出的急切感不亚于西方任何一次同类的探险。
quest:探险
In tribal myths, apparently diverse and arbitrary elements—eruptions by lizards and woodpeckers, the significance of black arrows or the artemisia plant —were suddenly revealed to have a universal unity at their heart, a quest for objective knowledge and origins as acute as any in the West.
族群神话中那些表面看起来复杂任意的如——比如蜥蜴、啄木鸟和火山爆发，比如黑色的箭或是蒿类植物的特殊含义——如果究其内核，会突然显现出协同一致性，那是一种对于客观知识和万物由来的探求，当中表现出的急切感不亚于西方任何一次同类的探求。
as:如
In tribal myths, apparently diverse and arbitrary elements—eruptions by lizards and woodpeckers, the significance of black arrows or the artemisia plant —were suddenly revealed to have a universal unity at their heart, a quest for objective knowledge and origins as acute as any in the West.
族群神话中那些表面看起来复杂任意的如——比如蜥蜴、啄木鸟和火山爆发，比如黑色的箭或是蒿类植物的特殊含义——如果究其内核，会突然显现出协同一致性，那是一种对于客观知识和万物由来的探求，当中表现出的急切感不亚于西方任何一次同类的探求。
as:如
The salient difference was that his tribesmen stayed within their limits, simply putting the materials they had together in new ways, like handymen or bricoleurs.
斯特劳斯笔下的原始人和我们明显不同的地方留下，他们并不逾越自身所处的限度，而只是把已有的东西换一种方式重新组合而已，就像杂活工一样。
stayed:留下
He happily called himself both “neolithic” and a man of science. Generations of students considered him the father of structuralism—the theory of underlying order in everything.
他在1950年代使用这个词的时候，主要是为了向罗曼·雅各布森（认为语言是由清音和浊音这两种二元对立的他所构成）一样的语言学家致敬。
He:他
He happily called himself both “neolithic” and a man of science. Generations of students considered him the father of structuralism—the theory of underlying order in everything.
他在1950年代使用这个词的时候，主要是为了向罗曼·雅各布森（考虑语言是由清音和浊音这两种二元对立的元素所构成）一样的语言学家致敬。
considered:考虑
This annoyed him. He invoked the word in the 1950s mostly in homage to linguists like Roman Jakobson, who had posited binary opposites (voiced and voiceless elements) as the building blocks of language.
自那时起，斯特劳斯认为，结构主义便俨然成了一个“时髦的东西”，但却总是被误用或滥用，于是，这个相反的的纯粹性就受到了“玷污”。
opposites:相反的
His own career appeared to contain a fair element of chance: the second world war, with exile in New York, that led him to Jakobson, or his meetings with Max Ernst and André Breton, who taught him to look at objects with a surrealist’s eye.
他自己的职业生涯中似乎包含着相当元素的机缘成分在里面：比如二次大战流亡纽约时与雅各布森的结识，或是和马克斯·厄恩斯特及安德烈·布勒东的会面（教他用超现实的眼光看待客观事物）。
element:元素
Proselytising was left to his difficult, often beautiful, books and the pages of his journal L’Homme.
改变人们思想观念的任务就交给了他那些通常装帧精美、却异常艰深的著作，还有他在自己创办的《人类》学刊中书过的文章。
books:书
The existentialists, and all who thought that man should be studied as an individual rather than en bloc, noisily attacked him.
存在主义存在主义者和所有认为人应该作为个体而非群体进行研究的人都七嘴八舌地攻击他。
existentialists:存在主义者
Before his immense age turned him into a national treasure for thinkers of all stripes and none, greens claimed him, and he was happy to be claimed.
古树般的高龄让他成了国宝级的人物，其实在被认为是“所有流派（和无流派）思想者的宝藏”之前，绿色主义者就对他心有戚戚，他也很乐于得到这些人的肯定。
treasure:宝藏
The consumer filth and monoculture of the “civilised” world had depressed him ever since the writing of “Tristes Tropiques”.
消费时代的单一单种文化令他心生厌倦，早在写作《忧郁的热带》之时，他就对“文明”社会表现出了失望感。
monoculture:单种文化
“Primitive” man was not nobler or purer than he was, but they were, in the deepest sense, connected: for universal laws linked his thinking, in all its book-lined complexity, to that of the Indian clad only in tree-bark, trailing a deer along a forest path.
“原始”人虽不如他文明，却在最深层的意义上与他连结：因为统一的法则将他们各自的连结联系在一起；尽管他的连结穿的是书籍作衬里由复杂编织出外衣，而沿林间路追逐鹿的印第安人的连结外衣只是树皮衣。
linked:连结
“Primitive” man was not nobler or purer than he was, but they were, in the deepest sense, connected: for universal laws linked his thinking, in all its book-lined complexity, to that of the Indian clad only in tree-bark, trailing a deer along a forest path.
“原始”人虽不如他文明，却在最深层的意义上与他连结：因为统一的法则将他们各自的思维联系在一起；尽管他的思维穿的是书籍作衬里由复杂编织出外衣，而沿林间路追踪鹿的印第安人的思维外衣只是树皮衣。
trailing:追踪
Police in Kenya say almost 50 people have been killed in clashes in the east of the country. The victims who were burnt or hacked to death were mainly women and children. It's the most deadly outbreak of violence in Kenya since disputed elections five years ago.
肯尼亚警方称约有50人在该国东部的冲突中被杀，被烧死或黑客的遇害者多是妇女和儿童，这是自5年前举行争议颇多的选举以来肯尼亚发生的最致命暴力事件。
hacked:黑客
The exact number of casualty is still unclear. Most of those who died were women and children. They were hacked and burnt to death.
确切的伤亡人数仍不清楚，死者多是妇女和儿童，他们是被黑客或烧死的。
hacked:黑客
The confrontations took place in a town of river area between villages from the Pokomo community and Orma herdsmen.
这场冲突发生在沿河小镇上Pokomo村庄和Orma牧人之间。
villages:村庄
At some point last weekend in what should have been the privacy of his hotel suit, he evidently decided to play a game of "strip billiards" with some women he and his friends had met in the hotel bar.
上周有时候在酒店房间里，他在私人时间决定和一些女子和在酒店酒吧认识的朋友玩脱衣台球游戏。
have:有
At some point last weekend in what should have been the privacy of his hotel suit, he evidently decided to play a game of "strip billiards" with some women he and his friends had met in the hotel bar.
上周朋友时候在酒店房间里，他在私人时间决定和一些女子和在酒店酒吧认识的朋友玩脱衣台球游戏。
friends:朋友
At some point last weekend in what should have been the privacy of his hotel suit, he evidently decided to play a game of "strip billiards" with some women he and his friends had met in the hotel bar.
上周某个时候在酒店巴尔里，他在私人时间决定和一些女子和在酒店酒吧认识的朋友玩脱衣台球游戏。
bar:巴尔
Friends of Prince Harry say this was a young soldier letting his hair down before returning to duty; whether his family sees it in those straightforward terms may be open to question.
哈里王子的朋友说，这个年轻士兵是在返回服兵役之前狂欢一下，哈里的家人是否能看到这些尚不得而知。
returning:返回
The South African President Jacob Zuma has been given a cool reception by striking workers at a platinum mine where 34 people were shot dead last week in a dispute over pay.
南非总统雅各·祖玛在铂矿遭到罢工工人的凉爽，上周有34人在这里因待遇争议而被开枪打死。
cool:凉爽
In July, satellite data showed that 97 percent of the surface of the Greenland ice sheet had turned to slush over four days, a rate faster than at any time in recorded history.
而在今年7月,卫星数据显示格陵兰岛冰原表面在超过四天后97%已经变成了融雪,这个速度已经超过了历史的任何历史记录。
history:历史
Carlson says, it might be responding rapidly to small changes in temperature, similar to what he saw in the prehistoric record of ice sheets on land.
卡尔森看,它可能会因为温度条件而快速发生小的变化,而这和他所看到的史前陆地上冰原的记录类似。
saw:看
They may forget much of what they learned over the past year by the time they start the next grade.
等到下一年级开始过去，他们可能会忘记上一年学的很多东西。
past:过去
Some students already attend summer school, but often because they received poor grades during the regular school year.
有的学生已经进了夏日学校，但通常是因为在常规的学年没有收到的好成绩才来的。
received:收到的
STUDENT: "People need food, clothes, and other goods ..."
学生：“人们需要食物、衣服和其他物品......”
clothes:衣服
Notice, however, that the farther you move your finger away the less discrepancy there is between the images.
但是，请注意，你的手指放得越远，这些图像之间位置的不一致就越小。
discrepancy:不一致
Notice, however, that the farther you move your finger away the less discrepancy there is between the images.
但是，请注意，你的手指放得越远，这些图像之间在那儿的差异就越小。
there:在那儿
The catnip plant is actually an herb, and a relatively common member of the mint family.
猫薄荷实际上是一种猫头鹰，是薄荷家族中常见的一员。
catnip:猫头鹰
As the ghosts of the Pacific war judder back to life in Asia, it seems appropriate to consider how nation states remember, and misremember, the past.
近日，太平洋地区发生战争的阴霾再次笼罩着亚洲。现在来考虑民族国家是如何铭记及误记历史的，似乎正是时候。
consider:考虑
As the ghosts of the Pacific war judder back to life in Asia, it seems appropriate to consider how nation states remember, and misremember, the past.
近日，太平洋地区发生战争的阴霾再次笼罩着亚洲。现在来思考民族国家是如何铭记及误记历史的，似乎正是过去。
past:过去
During the war Americans viewed their Asian rivals as “monkeys” or “rats”, but with the start of the occupation, Japan became an ally.
战时，美国人把亚洲对手被看“猴子”、“老鼠”；但侵占开始以后，日本就成了他们的盟友。
viewed:被看
When the fighting is finished, history is written, inevitably by those in power, observes Mr Dower.
道尔做出了这样的评论：当战争完成后，历史将不可避免地由当权者写下。
finished:完成
Lookout, a mobile-security company, has analysed Google's Android ecosystem and spotlighted ten ad providers, including Moolah Media (which did not respond to requests for comment) and LeadBolt, that use one or more monetisation strategies it considers "aggressive".
Lookout，一个移动设备安全检验的公司，分析了谷歌安卓的生态系统并特别报道了十家卓越的广告供应商，包括Moolah Media（但其并未对此作出回应）和LeadBolt在内，声称他们运用了不止一种被认为"具有侵略性的"盈利策略。
security:安全
Lookout, a mobile-security company, has analysed Google's Android ecosystem and spotlighted ten ad providers, including Moolah Media (which did not respond to requests for comment) and LeadBolt, that use one or more monetisation strategies it considers "aggressive".
Lookout，一个回答设备安全性检验的公司，分析了谷歌安卓的生态系统并特别报道了十家卓越的广告供应商，包括Moolah Media（但其并未对此作出回应）和LeadBolt在内，声称他们运用了不止一种被认为"具有侵略性的"盈利策略。
respond:回答
Lookout, a mobile-security company, has analysed Google's Android ecosystem and spotlighted ten ad providers, including Moolah Media (which did not respond to requests for comment) and LeadBolt, that use one or more monetisation strategies it considers "aggressive".
Lookout，一个移动设备安全性检验的公司，分析了谷歌安卓的生态系统并特别报道了十家卓越的广告供应商，包括Moolah Media（但其并未对此作出回应）和LeadBolt在内，声称他们运用了不止一种被考虑"具有侵略性的"盈利策略。
considers:考虑
These will be a test of the Obama administration's commitment to protecting privacy, says Jeff Chester of the Centre for Digital Democracy.
这将是对奥巴马行政集团在保护个人隐私方面的考验，数字民主中心的杰夫·切斯特表明。
administration:行政
Firms should adopt an opt-in approach to the collection of personal data, such as phone numbers and e-mail addresses.
公司要接受双向确认的方式收集用户的个人信息，例如手机号码和电子邮件地址等等。
adopt:接受
Firms should adopt an opt-in approach to the collection of personal data, such as phone numbers and e-mail addresses.
公司要采取双向确认的方式数据用户的个人信息，例如手机号码和电子邮件地址等等。
data:数据
When it is fully up and running (by 2024, assuming no big delays), the SKA will be more than 50 times more sensitive than any other radio telescope, and able to survey the sky thousands of times faster.
当这个项目竣工并投入使用之时（如果没有任何大的耽搁的话，假设2024年完成），SKA项目的灵敏度将是目前已有的射电望远镜的50倍，它可以探测的宇宙范围是目前的数千倍远。
assuming:假设
The SKA will use about 110 megawatts when up and running, so power bills will be a significant expense.
当SKA准备好运行的时候，预计会消耗百万瓦特的电。因此，会开支巨大的电费。
expense:开支
Building on two separate sites is possible because the SKA is really three telescopes in one, with different sets of receivers designed for low-, medium- and high-frequency work.
之所以分成两部分来建筑物该项目，也许是因为SKA项目实际上是由三套望远镜组合成一，这三套望远镜的接收器分别工作于低、中、高三个频段上。
Building:建筑物
Meles Zenawi was credited with having been the architect of economic progress. Growth in Ethiopia has been as high as 11%.
梅莱斯·泽纳维被誉为经济进展的建筑师，埃塞俄比亚的经济增长高达11%。
progress:进展
Syria's deputy prime minister says the government is prepared to discuss the resignation of President Bashar al-Assad as part of an unconditional talks to end the 17 months of escalating conflict.
叙利亚副总理称，该国政府准备谈话总统阿萨德辞职一事，这是结束这17个月升级的冲突的无条件对话的一部分。
talks:谈话
But the United States, one of many governments that demand the removal of Mr. Assad, played down the remarks.
很多国家的政府都需求阿萨德下台，美国也如此，美国对贾米尔的言论一笑置之。
demand:需求
In the latest fighting in Syria, opposition activists and residents say at least 20 young men were killed, many shot at point-blank range when government forces seized a suburb of Damascus.
在叙利亚最近的一场战斗中，反对派活动人士称至少20名年轻男子被杀，当时政府军被扣押了大马士革一个郊区，许多人是遭到近距离开枪而身亡的。
seized:被扣押
The announcement came after President Jacob Zuma's office raised concerns staff would lose their jobs during a period of national morning.
此前，总统雅各布祖玛的办公室就已担忧工人们可能会在全国哀悼日早上失去工作。
morning:早上
Last year, tens of thousands of refugees fled the uprisings in Tunisia and Libya by sea.
去年，数十万难民因逃避突尼斯和利比亚的暴乱而沿海路逃离。
fled:逃离
But Mr. Akin believes conservative voters in Missouri support his views on abortion and will forgive his comments on a radio talk show that women who are raped legitimately in other words, forcibly, rarely get pregnant because their bodies have a way of trying to shut the whole thing down.
但Akin认为密苏里州保守的选民会支持他对堕胎的观点，会原谅他在电台访谈中的词汇。Akin在节目中称那些合法被强奸的妇女很少会怀孕，因为她们的身体有自动避免怀孕这样的功能。
words:词汇
A court in Sri Lanka has given suspended prison sentences to three French tourists charged with taking photographs deemed insulting to Buddhists.
斯里兰卡一家法院将3名法国旅游者判以监禁，原因是他们拍的照片被被认为侮辱佛教徒。
deemed:被认为
So far, protesters marching on downtown Tampa's mostly deserted streets are outnumbered by police and news reporters.
到目前为止，游行在坦帕市空荡荡街头的抗议者的超数还远不及警察和新闻记者多。
outnumbered:超数
“We have the same kind of foreclosure crisis today and the people in this camp are a mixture of homeless, formerly homeless, poor people, unemployed people and just different activist groups,” he said.
莱特说：“我们今天面临同样的因无力偿还贷款而房屋被没收的危机，住在这些帐篷里的人包括了无家可归者、曾经无家可归者、穷人、失业者、以及其他不同的活动人士人。
people:人
“We have the same kind of foreclosure crisis today and the people in this camp are a mixture of homeless, formerly homeless, poor people, unemployed people and just different activist groups,” he said.
莱特说：“我们今天面临同样的因无力偿还贷款而房屋被没收的危机，住在这些帐篷里的人包括了无家可归者、曾经无家可归者、穷人、失业者、以及其他不同的活动人士人。
people:人
“We have the same kind of foreclosure crisis today and the people in this camp are a mixture of homeless, formerly homeless, poor people, unemployed people and just different activist groups,” he said.
莱特说：“我们今天面临同样的因无力偿还贷款而房屋被没收的危机，住在这些帐篷里的人包括了无家可归者、曾经无家可归者、穷人、失业者、以及其他不同的活动人士人。
people:人
Camp residents have tried to help suffering locals like Thomas Diehl and his companion, Michelle Kelly.
”帮助人士争取要帮助戴尔以及他的同伴凯利这样的人。
help:帮助
While she prepares for the worst, she hopes for the best:
她做着最坏的打算，但是期待着最好的最糟糕的：
worst:最糟糕的
Officials have urged residents along the Gulf Coast to stay in their homes or shelters even after the storm has passed to allow emergency workers to fix fallen power lines and clear down trees.
官方已经敦促房子在墨西哥湾的沿岸居民们即使飓风过去也要待在家里或临时庇护所里，便于让紧急救援人员修复倒塌的电线，清理倒下的树木等。
homes:房子
But the Postal Service says its income has not kept up with growing costs. Profitable first class mail is decreasing.
但美国邮政称其收入赶不上高的成本，盈利的第一类邮件正在减少。
up:高
The news from April to June was not all bad. Improvements in the economy fueled a nine percent increase in income from shipping and delivery.
4月份到6月份的消息并非都是不好的，经济发展使得该行业从配送船运中得到9%的收入增长。
shipping:船运
To improve its financial health, the agency has proposed cutting service on Saturdays. It also wants Congress to cancel a requirement that the postal service make advance payments to the health care program for retired workers.
为了改善财政状况，该机构提议削减周六的业务，同时希望国会取消这样的要求，即美国邮政为退休工人的将医疗项目预付付款。
payments:付款
On August first, USPS failed to make a required payment of five point five billion dollars for health care benefits for future retirees. It was the first time the postal service has ever failed to make such a payment.
8月1日，美国邮政未能如期支付未来退休人员医保健康的55 亿美元，这是该机构首次未能支付这类账单。
health:健康
On August first, USPS failed to make a required payment of five point five billion dollars for health care benefits for future retirees. It was the first time the postal service has ever failed to make such a payment.
8月1日，美国邮政未能如期福利未来退休人员医保福利的55 亿美元，这是该机构首次未能福利这类账单。
benefits:福利
And, the service is warning that it may have to delay making payments to companies to which it owes money.
同时，该公司警告说，将不得不推迟向它拖欠的公司支付款项。
companies:公司
The idea is to offer a patent or group of patents as "unit licence rights" (ULRs), which can be bought and sold like shares.
像处置资产一样，该出售的新型金融交易可以让公司购买、出售并保有专利权。
sold:出售
If a company wants to use the technology in 100,000 cars, it buys 100,000 ULRs at the market price.
若一家公司想在十万量轿车上都技术该技术，它就得按市场价购进同等数量的技术许可。
technology:技术
If a company wants to use the technology in 100,000 cars, it buys 100,000 ULRs at the market price.
若一家公司想在十万量轿车上都应用该它，它就得按市场价购进同等数量的它许可。
it:它
If a company wants to use the technology in 100,000 cars, it buys 100,000 ULRs at the market price.
若一家公司想在十万量轿车上都应用该技术，它就得按市场价购买同等数量的技术许可。
buys:购买
IPXI's approach does not work for all types of intellectual property-it does not allow exclusive licensing, for example -but should make it easier for companies to make money from their inventions.
然而，国际知识产权交易所公司的这种专利交易方式并不对各类知识产权通通适用——打个比方来说，它就不允许独家授权——但这种方式让企业授权发明创造来获利更加容易。
licensing:授权
The government of Pakistan says it's summoned a senior American diplomat to protest about airstrikes in the tribal region of North Waziristan near the Afghan border.
巴基斯坦政府称已召唤靠近一名美国高级外交官，靠近抗议阿富汗边境瓦济里斯坦部落地区的空袭事件。
near:靠近
"Darayya… Darayya…" A terrified activist stands his ground with shells exploding around him, documenting the bombardment of Darayya.
“德拉雅......德拉雅......”一位惊恐的活动人士站在地面上文件德拉雅的轰击场面，炸弹在他的周围炸开来。
documenting:文件
Government sources have confirmed that the formal swearing in of his successor will not be held until after the funeral.
来自政府的消息称，泽纳维下任的宣誓葬礼将在葬礼后举行。
funeral:葬礼
In South Africa, a hippopotamus looking for a new place to bathe has become stuck in a swimming pool.
”在南非，一头寻找新洗澡地的河马掉进一处洗澡。
bathe:洗澡
"Three randomized trials which are the gold standard of our medical evidence, have shown that male circumcision reduces HIV, genital herpes and human papillomavirus that causes penile cancer," he said.
“采用我们的医学证据黄金标准的三项随机试验表明男性割礼手术可以减少艾滋病毒及各种男性疾病的发生率。”他说道。
reduces:减少
One of the group's task force members, Dr. Douglas Diekema.
任务研究小组的成员之一，道格拉斯·迪克曼博士说道。
task:任务
"The task force came to the conclusion that circumcision is cost effective.
“任务研究小组得出结论,割礼行之有效。
task:任务
Every language has its ways of expressing strong emotions -- surprise, shock, anger.
每种语言都有其表达强烈愤怒——惊讶、震惊和愤怒的方式。
anger:愤怒
Once someone becomes comfortable moving around on crutches, they can often move very quickly, even outpacing uninjured folks.
当一个人习惯了用拐杖走路以后，他们就可以移动的很快，甚至超速没有受伤的人。
outpacing:超速
It doesn’t help that the media, when they present both sides of medical issues by giving each side equal time, may unintentionally imply that there’s an equal body of evidence supporting each side.
当媒体提出同一个医疗问题并给正反双方同样多的现在来论证，其实并没有起多大作用，反而可能会在无意中暗示双方都有同样多的支持证据。
present:现在
With international travel so common, it only takes one person to introduce a disease to a community, and if enough members of that community aren’t immunized, that disease can spread quickly.
现在国际扩散如此普遍，一个人就可能为一个群体带来一种疾病，如果群体里所有的成员都没有接种，那么这种疾病将会以非常快的速度传播。
spread:扩散
Dr Lyubomirsky's first port of call was the World Values Survey. This is a project which gathers huge amounts of data about the lives of people all around the planet.
Lyubomirsky博士首先进行世界价值观调查，这个步骤要数据生活在世界各地的人的大量数据。
data:数据
The problem with projects like the World Values Survey is that, because participants are asked to recall their feelings rather than stating what they are experiencing in the here and now, this might lead them into thinking more fondly in hindsight about their parenting duties than they actually felt at the time.
但是在调查世界价值观的时候还存在一些问题，因为受访者是被召回回忆他们当时的感受，而不是描述此时此刻正在经历的事，事后的觉悟可能会让他们把作为父母的责任想得更令人喜爱。
recall:召回
Parents claimed more positive emotions and more meaning in their lives than non-parents, and a closer look revealed that it was fathers who most enjoyed these benefits.
此外，深入研究还发现与子女相关的活动比没有子女父亲的活动（比如独自看电视，做饭）更能增加快感。
fathers:父亲
Moreover, further analysis revealed that this enhanced enjoyment came from activities which involved children rather than those (such as watching television alone, or cooking) that did not.
在这一点监视，就像进化论把男人带入了"融入家庭"的心理机制，女人们却没有分享到这个特性，乍看之下还有点奇怪，这或许是因为她们根本不需要，毕竟孩子总是她们的，而男人最多只能祈祷孩子确实是自己。
watching:监视
Freudians will conclude that Jung is wallowing in mysticism to hide from the truth and that his sexual urges almost destroyed his marriage and his patient's sanity.
这部影片赞颂了弗洛伊德与荣格的结束，体现了电影工作人员的创造力。
conclude:结束
A court in Norway has sentenced Anders Breivik to 21 years in jail, after ruling that he was sane when he killed 77 people in bomb and shooting attacks last year.
对于去年在炸弹和开枪袭击中杀死77人的安德斯·布雷维克，挪威一家法院先是裁决他作案时神志正常，然后将之判以21年监禁。
ruling:裁决
Earlier this morning a little after 9:00 am., a man who had been fired from his job about a year or so, began shooting near the Empire State Building but out on the street.
今天早上刚过9 点钟，一名大约一年前被解雇的男子开始在帝国大厦外的大街上开枪被开枪。
fired:被开枪
We received a letter from one of our readers with a question about Einstein’s Theory of Relativity: Since time slows down the closer you get to the speed of light, if alien spaceships could travel at light speed, wouldn’t they take longer to get places?
曾经有位读者来信询问了这样一个关于爱因斯坦“相对论”的问题：一旦时间的速度减慢，我们将接近光速，如果外星飞船以光速飞行，那不是需要更长的时间才能到达目的地吗？
slows:减慢
In India only about one woman in three has a formal job, though millions sweat on farms and in family businesses.
在印度，三个女子中大约只有一个有正式农场，虽然有数百万的女性在农场和家庭事务上挥洒汗水。
farms:农场
The most common reasons given are much the same as in Europe: the double burden of work and domestic responsibilities; the requirement in many senior jobs to be always available and free to travel; women's reluctance to blow their own trumpet; and the scarcity of female role models.
与在欧洲一样，最为普遍也是肯定的原因是：职场与家庭要求的双重重担；高管职位随时随地的出差要求(受家庭牵连，女性做不到这点）；女性对自卖自夸的不情愿；以及女性榜样的稀缺。
requirement:要求
In a book published last year, "Winning the War for Talent in Emerging Markets", Sylvia Ann Hewlett and Ripa Rashid found that, despite cultural constraints, women in developing countries were increasingly well qualified.
一本去年书的书，《在新兴市场中赢得人才战争》（" Winning the War for Talent in Emerging Markets"）之中，Sylvia Ann Hewlett和Ripa Rashid发现，尽管有文化限制，发展中国家中具有学历、能胜任的女性们越来越多了。
book:书
Third, TI asks whether a firm publishes detailed financial information about its activities in every country where it operates, including how much it pays in taxes and royalties to each government.
再次，透明国际询问他们是否在每一个有自己公司运营的国家，都公开了，关于各项经济活动的详细财务报告，其中的信息包括公司 royalties了多少税费和"使用费"给当地政府。
royalties:royalties
The average score on this count was 69%, up from 47% in 2009, the last time TI conducted a similar exercise.
在这方面的平均得分是69%，较2009年，上一次透明国际进行同类调查时的计数——47%，上涨了不少。
count:计数
Statoil, Norway's state-controlled oil-and-gas firm, was by far the best performer (see table), yet it scored only 50% on this measure.
挪威气体控股的石油天然气公司，Statoil是至今为止，在此项调查中表现做好的，但是在此项标准上，它也只得到了50%。
gas:气体
Many firms, however, are reluctant to answer probing questions from Western busybodies: Gazprom, Russia's state-owned gas giant, scores zero on the first and third measures.
但是，然而，面对国际透明度这个西方好事者的刨根问底，许多公司都不愿回应：俄气，俄罗斯气体天然气巨子，在第一和第三项标注上都是零分。透明国际的计算标准令人质疑的。
gas:气体
ONE of the first inklings that chemistry has an underlying pattern was the discovery, early in the 19th century, of lithium, sodium and potassium-known collectively as the alkali metals.
早在19世纪，人们对化学潜在规律已有模糊认知之时，锂、钠、钾基础发现，它们同基础称为碱金属。
underlying:基础
It took decades to tease out the truth of Debereiner's conjecture, and thus to construct the periodic table-in which the alkali metals form the first column.
科学家们证实Debereiner猜想的正确性用了数十年的时间，也因此建立了金属周期表——碱金属组成了第一族。
metals:金属
But it is a fitting tribute to Debereiner's insight that, if all goes well, some time in the next few months will bring the creation of a new alkali metal, element number 119, by his countryman Christoph Dullmann of the GSI Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research in Darmstadt.
这也恰恰彰显了其同胞Debereiner的深刻洞察力，在即将到来的几个月里，如果一切顺利，德国达姆施塔特市GSI亥姆霍兹重离子研究中心的Christoph Dullmann将合成一个新的碱金属，即金属周期表中第119号金属。
metal:金属
But it is a fitting tribute to Debereiner's insight that, if all goes well, some time in the next few months will bring the creation of a new alkali metal, element number 119, by his countryman Christoph Dullmann of the GSI Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research in Darmstadt.
这也恰恰彰显了其乡绅Debereiner的深刻洞察力，在即将到来的几个月里，如果一切顺利，德国达姆施塔特市GSI亥姆霍兹重离子研究中心的Christoph Dullmann将合成一个新的碱金属，即元素周期表中第119号元素。
countryman:乡绅
With that addition the table will do something which has never happened before. It will grow a new row.
有了这个增加，周期表会发生前所未有的变化——延伸出新的一行。
addition:增加
With that addition the table will do something which has never happened before. It will grow a new row.
有了这个元素，周期表会发生前所未有的生长——延伸出新的一行。
grow:生长
With that addition the table will do something which has never happened before. It will grow a new row.
有了这个元素，周期表会发生前所未有的变化——延伸出新的排列。
row:排列
And the vagaries of quantum physics mean that "too many" and "too few" sometimes overlap, and there is thus no stable isotope (or variant, with fewer or more neutrons) of a particular element.
难以捉摸的量子力学表明，中子"太多"和"太少"有时会重叠出现，因而一些特定的元素没有稳定的同位素（或称变体，核内中子数变形）。
variant:变形
This happens at two places-islands of instability, if you like-in the middle of the table.
这样的不稳定在岛在周期表中部的两处出现。
at:在
As a result technetium, element number 43, and promethium, 61, are always radioactive (and are not found naturally in detectable quantities).
锝（43号阿斯）和钷（61号阿斯）都是放射性的，并且在自然中的存在数量无法侦测。
As:阿斯
Such "transuranic" elements can, however, be made artificially by the fusion of lighter ones. And that is precisely what Dr Dullmann intends to do in the case of element 119, by firing titanium atoms (number 22) at those of berkelium (97) and hoping some of them merge.
这些"超铀"在可以通过更轻在的熔合来人工合成，这也是Dullmann博士想对119号在应用的，将钛（22号）原子与锫（97号）原子大量熔合，希望其中一些可以合并产生新在。
at:在
The titanium atoms must be travelling fast enough in GSI's particle accelerator to overcome the repulsion between their protons and those of the berkelium, yet slowly enough to avoid ripping the newly formed atom of element 119 apart before it has had time to settle down.
GSI的粒子加速器中的钛原子必须有足够快的旅行速度来克服自身质子间的斥力与锫质子间的斥力，却又必须足够慢，以防将还没时间稳定下来的新合成元素119号撞裂。
travelling:旅行
That will be a feather in GSI's cap in its friendly competition with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, in California (after which berkelium is named) and the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia (after which dubnium, number 105, is named).
在与加利福尼亚州的劳伦斯伯克利国家实验室（锫命名的由来之处）和俄罗斯杜布纳的联合核研究所（105号杜布尼姆钍命名的由来之处）竞争的过程中，合成119号杜布尼姆将会是GSI值得自豪的卓越成就。
dubnium:杜布尼姆
Indeed, sceptics might wonder at the value of creating new elements a mere atom or two at a time for little reason other than to show that it can be done.
的确，怀疑论者会质疑，创造一个新的在一次仅一、两个原子，只为展示它可以被合成，这样做究竟意义何在。
at:在
Indeed, sceptics might wonder at the value of creating new elements a mere atom or two at a time for little reason other than to show that it can be done.
的确，怀疑论者会质疑，创造一个新的在一次仅一、两个原子，只为展示它可以被合成，这样做究竟意义何在。
at:在
Just as technetium and promethium are islands of instability in parts of the periodic table which are not normally radioactive, so many physicists believe that in the unstable part at the bottom there lies an island of stability.
正如周期表中的锝、钷是在通常没有放射性的地方出现的不稳定岛，所以许多物理学家认为，在不稳定部分中实际潜藏着稳定如岛。
as:如
Just as technetium and promethium are islands of instability in parts of the periodic table which are not normally radioactive, so many physicists believe that in the unstable part at the bottom there lies an island of stability.
正如周期表中的锝、钷是在通常没有放射性的地方出现的不稳定岛，所以许多物理学家认为，在不稳定部分中实际潜藏着稳定在岛。
at:在
Local officials and tribesmen also see his death, but the U.S. military has not yet verified it.
当地官员和组织部落人都看到了他的遗体，不过美国军方目前还未核实。
tribesmen:部落人
You are listening to the latest World News from the BBC.
您正在收听的是BBC最新世界最新。
latest:最新
The police commissioner of New York has said it appears that all nine bystanders wounded in a shooting incident in the city on Friday were hit by police gunfire.
纽约警察局长称，周五发生的枪击事件中似乎9名旁观者都出现警方的火力所伤。
appears:出现
Commissioner Ray Kelly said the victims were struck by the fragments or bullets fired by police, the officers’ responding to a fatal shooting near the Empire State Building.
Ray Kelly局长说，受害者是被警方的子弹或子弹碎片击中所伤，以上是这名官员对在帝国大厦附近发生的一起致命被开枪的回应。
fired:被开枪
Eyewitnesses in the Libyan capital Tripoli have told the BBC that mosque tombs belonging to followers of Sufi Islam have been demolished by bulldozers.
在利比亚首都黎波里的目击目击者告诉BBC，清真寺属于苏非主义的追随者的墓穴被推土机推毁。
Eyewitnesses:目击者
Sufi is long established in North Africa but Salafis have increasingly targeted their shrines and practices.
苏非已在北非长期成立，不过，沙拉菲派近期增加了对苏非圣地和宗教仪式实践的袭击。
practices:实践
Witnesses blamed the attack on ultra conservative Salafi Muslims who regarded the shrine as idolatrous.
目击证人认为实施袭击方为沙拉菲穆斯林保守分子，他们将这些圣地被视为偶像崇拜。
regarded:被视为
The graves of the holy men were revered in the mystical Sufi sect of Islam.
伊斯兰分开非常崇敬这些圣人的坟墓。
sect:分开
Egypt has fully reopened its Rafah border crossing, Gaza’s only gateway to the outside world that bypasses to Israel.
埃及已全面重新重新打开了拉法赫过境点，这是加沙绕过以色列，通向外界的唯一通道。
reopened:重新打开
“Besides hunting and paper target shooting at the range, people also buy guns for personal protection,and that also includes women, even young women," he added.
“除了打猎和距离纸靶射击,人们也出于个人安全的目的买枪支,这其中还包括女性,甚至年轻的女性,”他补充道。
buy:买
"They come and they want to have a license, they want to have a weapon for their personal security.”
“他们来到这里想要一张许可证,他们为了有安全想要一把趁手的家伙。
have:有
"They come and they want to have a license, they want to have a weapon for their personal security.”
“他们来到这里想要一张许可证,他们为了有安全想要一把趁手的家伙。
have:有
If you enjoy watching the slow ones, there is a way of upping your chances of seeing them.
如果你喜欢观看缓慢的流星，那么有一种方法可以提升你看到它们的几率。
upping:提升
That means that the front of the planet, or the part that’s charging into oncoming meteors, is the place where morning is beginning for people on earth.
这意味着在地球的前端，或者是在正对流星运动的地方，就是早晨的即将到来的。
oncoming:即将到来的
A team of scientists wondering if some bees might be natural risk takers decided to put that question to the test.
一组科学家想知道一些蜜蜂是否天生就担当承担风险的角色，于是决定通过测试来找出答案。
test:测试
They placed a hive in an enclosure with a feeder of sugar water and marked each bee that visited the feeder.
他们把蜂巢置于到一个栅栏中，栅栏边放置装满糖水的喂食器，然后把每个去过喂食器的蜜蜂都做上标记。
placed:置于
Bees with genes that made more dopamine receptors were non scouts, while those with low receptors tended to be scouts.
携带这种能够产生较多多巴胺感受器基因的蜜蜂照料保育蜂，而那些产生较少感受器的蜜蜂就成为了寻蜜蜂。
tended:照料
You may be living on the street, sleeping in a park.
那你就只有睡大街，或者在公园睡着。
sleeping:睡着
They're someone who uses drugs or alcohol, and this causes them to have problems.
这些人会吸毒或者嗜酒，而这就会某人一些问题。
someone:某人
Someone may say, “When are your nuptials,” meaning when are you getting married - when will you become a married couple.
结婚会说，When are you nuptials?意思就是你什么时候结婚？你们什么时候成婚？
married:结婚
Someone may say, “When are your nuptials,” meaning when are you getting married - when will you become a married couple.
结婚会说，When are you nuptials?意思就是你什么时候结婚？你们什么时候成婚？
married:结婚
They can also be about what we would call “division of property,” meaning how are you going to divide the property you own - your house, your cars, all of the other things that you own, your money - how are you going to divide those things between you and your husband or wife.
也有可能是跟我们所谓的‘资产分配’有关——资产分配指的是你分配一些事情的方式——你的房子汽车，你所拥有的一切，你的钱——你打算怎么跟你的丈夫/妻子分配这些东西。
things:一些事情
They can also be about what we would call “division of property,” meaning how are you going to divide the property you own - your house, your cars, all of the other things that you own, your money - how are you going to divide those things between you and your husband or wife.
也有可能是跟我们所谓的‘资产分配’有关——资产分配指的是你分配一些事情的方式——你的房子汽车，你所拥有的一切，你的钱——你打算怎么跟你的丈夫/妻子分配这些东西。
things:一些事情
You have a husband and a wife; they are spouses.
你的丈夫和妻子就是所谓的‘丈夫’。
husband:丈夫
You have a husband and a wife; they are spouses.
你的丈夫和妻子就是所谓的‘妻子’。
wife:妻子
“Spousal support” means whether one person - the husband or the wife - will give money to the other person for a certain number of years, or one big amount of money, if they get a divorce.
Spousal support指的是，如果离婚，丈夫中的一方——要么是丈夫要么是妻子，会在一定的年限里给另一方一大笔钱——赡养费。
husband:丈夫
“Spousal support” means whether one person - the husband or the wife - will give money to the other person for a certain number of years, or one big amount of money, if they get a divorce.
Spousal support指的是，如果离婚，妻子中的一方——要么是丈夫要么是妻子，会在一定的年限里给另一方一大笔钱——赡养费。
wife:妻子
A prenup is before you are married; a postnup is an agreement that you have with your spouse - your husband or your wife - after you get married.
prenup指的是婚前的协议，而postnup指的是婚后与你的丈夫——丈夫或者妻子，签订的协议。
husband:丈夫
A prenup is before you are married; a postnup is an agreement that you have with your spouse - your husband or your wife - after you get married.
prenup指的是婚前的协议，而postnup指的是婚后与你的妻子——丈夫或者妻子，签订的协议。
wife:妻子
So, they're about all the same topics that a prenup would be about, but you do it after you are married.
也就是里面的主题跟‘婚前协议’差不多，但是你是在婚后才会签订的。
topics:主题
The verb “cry” can also mean to shout or to scream, often when you have something very bad happen to you - you are in great pain or sadness.
动词尖叫也可以表示喊叫或者尖叫的意思，通常是因为你遇到了不好的事情，你很痛苦或者悲伤。
scream:尖叫
The verb “cry” can also mean to shout or to scream, often when you have something very bad happen to you - you are in great pain or sadness.
动词cry也可以表示尖叫或者尖叫的意思，通常是因为你遇到了不好的事情，你很痛苦或者悲伤。
scream:尖叫
Dick Olver, BAE's chairman since 2004, has been on a mission to restore the reputation of a firm that has all too often found itself at the centre of corruption allegations.
2004年上任的BAE主席Dick Olver一直都肩负着重塑公司名誉的使命，这个公司已过多地陷入腐败案件的中心。
reputation:名誉
Mr King began his career in 1976 as a trainee accountant with Marconi, a defence-electronics subsidiary of Arnold Weinstock's GEC, Britain's biggest industrial conglomerate.
金先生于1976年在Marconi职业会计实习生，从而开始了他的事业，这是Arnold Weinstock建立的英国最大的工业联合企业GEC的军防电子子公司。
career:职业
With the exception of Saudi Arabia, where the firm has recently completed another multi-year deal to sell and maintain fighter aircraft, BAE's major customers are pulling in their horns.
除了沙特阿拉伯——BAE刚又跟它签署了一项多年的出售和维护战斗机的协议——之外，BAE的其他客户都在缩减开支。
sell:出售
The review recently undertaken by Robert Gates, America's defence secretary, resulted in the cancellation of part of the Future Combat Systems programme, a big army-modernisation project for which BAE is a prominent contractor.
美国国防部长Roberts Gates最近展开的调查，令美国取消了部分未来戰鬥系统项目，这个庞大的军队现代化项目最主要的承包商就是BAE。
Combat:戰鬥
He also believes that BAE's strength in army equipment, particularly armoured and mine-resistant vehicles, stands it in good stead for what he calls the “current fight” in places such as Afghanistan.
他还相信，BAE在军队设备方面的强项，尤其是装甲车和防地雷车，让它在发生在像阿富汗这样地方的他称之为“当前战斗”之中，处于好的地位。
good:好的
BAE admits to no wrongdoing over al-Yamamah, which was primarily a deal between governments, it says, nor over any of the other deals that are still under scrutiny (in 2007, the British government said BAE contracts in six countries were being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office).
BAE不承认在al -Yamamah中有任何过错，他说，这主要是政府之间的生意，它在其他任何仍在接受检查的案件中也没有过错（2007年英国政府指出BAE在六个国家的合同正在接受严重欺诈办公室的检查）。
scrutiny:检查
BAE admits to no wrongdoing over al-Yamamah, which was primarily a deal between governments, it says, nor over any of the other deals that are still under scrutiny (in 2007, the British government said BAE contracts in six countries were being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office).
BAE不承认在al -Yamamah中有任何过错，他说，这主要是政府之间的生意，它在其他任何仍在接受调查的案件中也没有过错（2007年英国政府指出BAE在六个英国人的合同正在接受严重欺诈办公室的调查）。
British:英国人
Another showed a mass grave of more victims that included women and children.
另一段视频显示更多遇难者的集体墓地，坟墓中有妇女和儿童。
grave:坟墓
Earlier, President Obama accused him of adopting extreme positions on economic and social issues.
早些时候，总统奥巴马指责罗姆尼在经济和社会问题上通过极端立场。
adopting:通过
He pushed for, and Congress approved, a $787 billion economic stimulus package and then implemented a bailout for American automakers General Motors and Chrysler.
在奥巴马积极推动下，国会已批准一项7870 亿美元的刺激经济计划，帮助美国汽车制造商通用汽车公司和克莱斯勒摆脱困境。
approved:已批准
He pushed for, and Congress approved, a $787 billion economic stimulus package and then implemented a bailout for American automakers General Motors and Chrysler.
在奥巴马积极推动下，国会通过一项7870 亿美元的刺激经济计划，帮助美国汽车汽车制造商通用汽车公司和克莱斯勒摆脱困境。
automakers:汽车制造商
On President Obama’s watch, Osama bin Laden, blamed for the September 11, 2001 terror attacks, was located in Pakistan and killed in a surprise military operation.
在奥巴马总统的指挥下，美国部队在巴基斯坦位于了2001年911恐怖袭击的主谋本拉登，并且在突然袭击中将其击毙。
located:位于
On President Obama’s watch, Osama bin Laden, blamed for the September 11, 2001 terror attacks, was located in Pakistan and killed in a surprise military operation.
在奥巴马总统的指挥下，美国军事在巴基斯坦找到了2001年911恐怖袭击的主谋本拉登，并且在突然袭击中将其击毙。
military:军事
Vice President Joe Biden will again join Mr. Obama on the Democratic ticket. Biden was a six-term U.S. senator and is considered a foreign policy expert, having chaired the Senate's Foreign Relations Committee.
副总统拜登将再次和奥巴马一起竞选连任，拜登曾先后六次连任参议员，被考虑是外交政策专家，担任过参议院外交关系委员会主席。
considered:考虑
But this president cannot tell us that you are better off today than when he took office."
但这位总统无法告诉我们，我们今天比他刚就职时过得更好。
better:更好
MITT ROMNEY: "Every American was relieved the day President Obama gave the order, and Seal Team Six took out Osama bin Laden.
米特·罗姆尼：“那天，总统奥巴马一声令下，海豹突击队第六中队拉登了本·拉登，每个美国人都对此感到快慰。
Laden:拉登
But on another front, every American is less secure today because he has failed to slow Iran's nuclear threat."
但在另一战线上，每个美国人都不太安全，因为奥巴马未能慢伊朗的核威胁。
slow:慢
ANN ROMNEY: "I can't tell you what will happen over the next four years, but I can only stand here tonight as a wife and a mother and a grandmother -- an American -- and make you this solemn commitment: This man will not fail." Republican leaders say they think the convention in Tampa helped build party unity.
安·罗姆尼：“我不能告诉大家未来四年公约发生什么，但今晚我站在这里，以一名妻子、一名母亲、一名祖母和一名美国人的身份向大家做出庄严的承诺：这个人不公约失败的。”
convention:公约
President Obama says a Romney presidency would bring back policies that led to the worst economic downturn since the nineteen thirties. Nationwide, voter surveys show a close race.
全国调查显示种族激烈，民调显示选民们认为罗姆尼对解决经济问题更有准备，但他们更喜欢奥巴马一些。
race:种族
And now there’s more bad news for the spring-legged amphibians—male toads living near farms are likely to develop female sex organs and other female features, according to scientists at the University of Florida.
现今佛罗里达大学科学家们的研究带来了更坏的消息，他们发现生活在农田周围的这些拥有弹簧腿的两栖雄性男性，极有可能演变生长出雌性性器官，并表现出其它雌性的特征。
male:男性
And now there’s more bad news for the spring-legged amphibians—male toads living near farms are likely to develop female sex organs and other female features, according to scientists at the University of Florida.
现今佛罗里达大学科学家们的研究带来了更坏的消息，他们发现生活在农田周围的这些拥有弹簧腿的两栖雄性女，极有可能演变生长出雌性性器官，并表现出其它雌性的特征。
female:女
And now there’s more bad news for the spring-legged amphibians—male toads living near farms are likely to develop female sex organs and other female features, according to scientists at the University of Florida.
现今佛罗里达大学科学家们的研究带来了更坏的消息，他们发现生活在农田周围的这些拥有弹簧腿的两栖雄性女，极有可能演变生长出雌性性器官，并表现出其它雌性的特征。
female:女
The Florida researchers aren’t certain, but one likely culprit is atrazine, a weed killer used widely by sugar cane farmers.
佛罗里达大学的研究人员还不确定，但其中可能的罪魁祸首之一就是阿特拉津，一种被种植甘蔗的农民广泛使用的阿特拉辛。
atrazine:阿特拉辛
In order to probe the possible causes of frog and toad deformities, the researchers collected specimens from various sites.
为了查明引起青蛙和蟾蜍畸形的原因，探测人员从多个地点搜集了样本。
probe:探测
Without virile male toads, the females are left high and dry, and toad populations dwindle.
如果没有阳刚的雄性青蛙，雌性青蛙就会处于孤立无援的境地，青蛙的数量就会消退。
dwindle:消退
They found that outside noises became much lower and muffled, and about thirty decibels quieter.
研究人员在孕妇的子宫体内安置了一个微型麦克风，他们发现外界的噪音变得更小更低沉，安静了大概30 分贝。
noises:噪音
Do these noises just wash around the fetus like so much amniotic fluid, or can the fetus actually hear them?
这些噪音只是像羊水那样环绕在子宫周围？还是胎儿能够听到它们？
noises:噪音
By the third trimester, the fetus can respond to external noises too.
到了妊娠晚期，胎儿也能对外界的噪音有反应。
noises:噪音
As many expectant mothers know, a sudden car horn can start a fetus kicking.
就如许多准妈妈知道的那样，突如其来的汽车喇叭声也能引起胎儿的踢射击。
kicking:射击
Not only can fetuses hear outside noises, they sometimes remember what they’ve heard.
胎儿不仅能够听到外界的噪音，他们有时也会记住他们所听到的。
noises:噪音
By changing the way they sucked, these infants could modify the cadence of a prerecorded voice.
通过变换他们吸允的方式，这些婴儿能够修改预先录制的语音节奏。
modify:修改
Well- observed details have an unmistakable ring of truth and revisionist historians ignore them at their peril.
认真观察到的细节具有无可争辩的真实性，如果历史的修正者罔顾这些真话，他们自己会承担很大的风险。
truth:真话
She has an eye for ephemera at the edge of a vast stage: that tear-gas canisters become more not less potent when they pass their expiry date, that in July last year a Saudi flag appeared in Tahrir Square, that the soldiers took possession of any US dollar bills they came across as evidence of demonstrators being foreign agents.
她很善于捕捉在大场景中那些转瞬即逝的细小情节：过了期的催泪罐功效反而更大；去年七月一面沙特国旗出现在胜利广场上；士兵们没收他们看到的任何美元钞票，以接受证据指控抗议者是外国间细。
took:接受
The lifeblood of Cairo visibly quickens during the days and months she chronicles.
开罗的生命生命血在她所纪录的的那些日子里显而易见地加快了流动。
lifeblood:生命血
The lifeblood of Cairo visibly quickens during the days and months she chronicles.
开罗的天之血在她所纪录的的那些日子里显而易见地加快了流动。
days:天
The lifeblood of Cairo visibly quickens during the days and months she chronicles.
开罗的生命之血在她所日记的的那些日子里显而易见地加快了流动。
chronicles:日记
She inserts a flash-forward halfway through the account of the 18 days of revolution, in which she picks at what followed, especially the rise of the Islamists.
在她对十八天革命的帐户中间，她插进了一段快进式的片段来讲述在革命之后发生的事，特别是伊斯兰教旨主义的崛起。
account:帐户
The most successful passages juxtapose the personal and the political.
相邻个人经历和政治现实对照着来写，是她的书最成功的地方。
juxtapose:相邻
The narrative of street fighting is interleaved with personal memories of a previous age: here the house of a beloved aunt, there the studio where she acted in a television drama.
对街头战斗的叙述与自己对过去的回忆交织在一起：这里是一个可爱的姑母的房子；那里是她曾经参演电视剧的摄影室。
fighting:战斗
But, much as she adored clothes—the room-long rack at her house in Virginia had fallen off the wall, she had so many—all the ladylike public behaviour could be a bit of a strain.
在他们弗吉尼亚州家中，墙上本悬挂着一个与房间一样长的架子上陈列的全是她的衣服，但因为太多，架子都塌了下来，她是如此喜欢衣服，但在各种公共场合衣服淑女却让她很不自在。
clothes:衣服
When Spiro Agnew resigned the vice-presidency in 1973 Jerry became Veep; when Richard Nixon resigned the next year, he was suddenly president.
1973年，斯皮罗·阿格纽辞职副总统职务，杰拉尔德接替他成为美国副总统；第二年，时任美国总统的理查德·尼克松辞职，杰拉尔德升职为美国总统，这个过程，甚至都未曾经历过一场选举。
resigned:辞职
When Spiro Agnew resigned the vice-presidency in 1973 Jerry became Veep; when Richard Nixon resigned the next year, he was suddenly president.
1973年，斯皮罗·阿格纽辞职副总统职务，杰拉尔德接替他成为美国副总统；第二年，时任美国总统的理查德·尼克松辞职，杰拉尔德升职为美国总统，这个过程，甚至都未曾经历过一场选举。
resigned:辞职
She had never known what she was in for since she had met Jerry, the big, blond, handsome football hero who walked beside her at their wedding in 1948 in awful dusty brown shoes that didn't match his suit.
有着一头金发的杰拉尔德是她心中高大帅气的足球英雄，在他们婚礼上，他穿着一双与礼服极不相称、沾满灰尘的棕色鞋子行走在她身旁，她从未料到遇见杰拉尔德会有怎样的命运等待着她。
walked:行走
A psychiatrist told her she had to believe she was important again.
如果有需要，为什么不相信帮助呢？
believe:相信
She'd worked in a department store, had an unlucky marriage, could only make scalloped potato out of a box, never got a college degree. But she was caught up in extraordinary times.
如她所言，她只是一名普通女性：曾在百货公司工作，经历过一次不幸的婚姻，只会用烤盘做焗薯仔，更没有大学学历，但是她却赶上了特殊时间。
times:时间
Riots in the Kenyan port city of Mombasa have left one person dead and caused widespread destruction.
肯尼亚海港城市蒙巴萨岛发生暴乱，导致1人死亡，并人大范围的破坏。
person:人
Kenyan police had earlier this year charged him for possession of guns and ammunition as well as for being a member of the Somali militant group which is outlawed here in Kenya.
肯尼亚警方今年早些时候指控罗戈拥有枪弹枪，同时还是被肯尼亚宣布为非法的索马里军事组织的成员。
guns:枪
The director of the US National Snow and Ice Data Center said the Arctic Sea used to be covered by ice that remained for several years, but now it is becoming a seasonal ice cover.
美国中心冰雪数据中心主任说，北极海通常数年都被冰覆盖，而如今却只有季节性的冰。
Center:中心
The director of the US National Snow and Ice Data Center said the Arctic Sea used to be covered by ice that remained for several years, but now it is becoming a seasonal ice cover.
美国国家冰雪数据中心主任说，北极海通常数年都留下的冰覆盖，而如今却只有季节性的冰。
remained:留下的
He said the owners were on the G20 because they produce about 90% of the crops worst affected by price rises.
他说G20国家是主人，因为最易受生产上涨影响的作物中，其中有90%的就是这些国家生产的。
produce:生产
The conference has also urged to help reduce food wastage.
会议还呼吁浪费粮食浪费。
wastage:浪费
The United Nations says basic public services in Gaza must be improved urgently if, as it puts it, the Palestinian enclave is to remain'livable'.
联合国称，如果巴勒斯坦封锁区能保持“适合人居”，就必须迫切改善加沙的基础公共服务。
enclave:封锁区
The UN points a lack of clean water as the greatest challenge in Gaza, and it warns that health, power and education infrastructure are falling behind the needs of a rapidly growing population.
联合国指出，缺乏洁净水是加沙面临的最大挑战，它警告说，卫生、电力和教育基础设施落后于人口快速增长的缺乏。
lack:缺乏
Withholding sex for political goals has a long history. It was used in ancient Greece.
为实现政治目标拒绝性行为有着悠久的历史，这招曾在古希腊被用历史。
history:历史
She says the idea is good for making news headlines, but it takes a lot of work.
她说这个想法好的做头条新闻，但它只是白费功夫（take a lot of work）。
good:好的
Yes, it's good to bring consciousness to your mate, [but] it's probably hard to stick to.
是的，它好的给伴侣带去某种意识，但它可能很难坚持。
good:好的
But pro-democracy activists in Togo say a sex strike during the civil war in Liberia gave them cause for hope.
”多哥支持民主的性别人士表示，利比里亚内战期间的性罢工给他们带来了希望。
sex:性别
Leaders of the group Women of Liberia Mass Action for Peace organized a series of nonviolent actions. Those included a sex strike.
利比里亚和平运动妇女联盟（Women of Liberia Mass Action for Peace）的领导人组织了一系列非暴力性别，其中就包括性罢工。
sex:性别
The actions earned the group's leader a share of the twenty-eleven Nobel Peace Prize, Leymah Gbowee shared the prize with two other women, including Liberian President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf.
这一行动让该组织领导人蕾曼.格鲍伊（Leymah Gbowee）与包括利比里亚总统埃伦.约翰逊-瑟利夫（Ellen Johnson -Sirleaf）在内的另两名女性共同获得的了2011诺贝尔和平奖。
earned:获得的
But Pepper Schwartz at the University of Washington says women need to hold real power in order for something like a sex strike to work.
但华盛顿大学的舒瓦茨表示，为了让性罢工类似的性别产生效果，妇女需要掌握实权。
sex:性别
But Pepper Schwartz at the University of Washington says women need to hold real power in order for something like a sex strike to work.
但华盛顿大学的舒瓦茨表示，为了让性罢工类似的工作产生效果，妇女需要掌握实权。
work:工作
The American Trucking Association says freight is a measure of the economy, because manufacturers have to move raw materials, carry parts to factories, haul imports and exports and deliver goods to store shelves. Bob Costello is the group's chief economist.
美国卡车卡车运输协会说，货运是衡量经济的指标，因为制造商需要卡车运输原材料，把零件送到工厂，卡车运输进出口货物，并把商品送到商店货架上。
Trucking:卡车运输
The American Trucking Association says freight is a measure of the economy, because manufacturers have to move raw materials, carry parts to factories, haul imports and exports and deliver goods to store shelves. Bob Costello is the group's chief economist.
美国卡车承载协会说，货运是衡量经济的指标，因为制造商需要承载原材料，把零件送到工厂，承载进出口货物，并把商品送到商店货架上。
carry:承载
The American Trucking Association says freight is a measure of the economy, because manufacturers have to move raw materials, carry parts to factories, haul imports and exports and deliver goods to store shelves. Bob Costello is the group's chief economist.
美国卡车运输协会说，货运是衡量经济的指标，因为制造商需要运输原材料，把零件送到工厂，运输进出口进口，并把商品送到商店货架上。
imports:进口
The American Trucking Association says freight is a measure of the economy, because manufacturers have to move raw materials, carry parts to factories, haul imports and exports and deliver goods to store shelves. Bob Costello is the group's chief economist.
美国卡车运输协会说，货运是衡量经济的指标，因为制造商需要运输原材料，把零件送到工厂，运输进出口货物，并把进口送到商店货架上。
imports:进口
The American Trucking Association says freight is a measure of the economy, because manufacturers have to move raw materials, carry parts to factories, haul imports and exports and deliver goods to store shelves. Bob Costello is the group's chief economist.
美国卡车运输协会说，货运是衡量经济的指标，因为制造商需要运输原材料，把零件送到工厂，运输进出口出口，并把商品送到商店货架上。
exports:出口
The American Trucking Association says freight is a measure of the economy, because manufacturers have to move raw materials, carry parts to factories, haul imports and exports and deliver goods to store shelves. Bob Costello is the group's chief economist.
美国卡车运输协会说，货运是衡量经济的指标，因为制造商需要运输原材料，把零件送到工厂，运输进出口货物，并把出口送到商店货架上。
exports:出口
Other clues about economic growth come from the volume of air freight.
”经济增长的另一个迹象是空运音量。
volume:音量
If you've actually participated with them, and engaged them in conversation about the institution, they're actually more likely to offer you admission to be institution."
如果你确实参与他们，并引起他们讨论该院校的兴趣，他们确实更可能录取你入学该院校。”
admission:入学
At first, colleges worried that online tours would compete with the tradition of a personal visit to the campus.
最初，各大院校担心网上参观参观和传统的校园个人参观相竞争。
visit:参观
Now, the study is preliminary and involves a relatively small sample size.
研究现在还处于初步阶段，涉及的样品相对较少。
sample:样品
So bringing dogs and perhaps other pets to work may prove to be an easy, low cost way to lower stress and make you a better worker.
因此，带狗狗或其他宠物去工作也许是减少压力的一种简单、低成本的方法，同时还证明使你在工作中表现得更好。
prove:证明
You wake up one morning to find a strange man standing in your kitchen; worse than that, he seems to have made himself completely at home.
你一早醒来，发现你的厨房里站着一个陌生人。更更糟的是，他似乎像在自己家一样随意。
worse:更糟
If you suffered from the neurological disorder called “facial agnosia,” a twilight-zone style experience of this sort might be a reality.
如果你患上了一种脑神经失调的面孔失认症，那么像这样模糊不清的“过渡”式的受苦或许是一个事实。
suffered:受苦
If you suffered from the neurological disorder called “facial agnosia,” a twilight-zone style experience of this sort might be a reality.
如果你患上了一种脑神经失调的面孔失认症，那么像这样模糊不清的“过渡”式的现实或许是一个事实。
reality:现实
Facial agnosia typically occurs to people who have received damage to the right hemisphere of the brain due to stroke or injury.
面孔失认症常出现于人们大脑的到期被打击或损伤后。
due:到期
In severe cases an examining physician will be able to hold up a photograph of him or herself and, seated in front of the patient with facial agnosia, ask if they recognize this person — to no avail.
在严重的情况下，检查的医生会拿着一张自己的照片，坐在前面失认症患者的前面，询问他们是否认识这个人，但是完全不起作用。
front:前面
HELPING yourself to a cup of coffee may seem like a small, everyday thing.
四肢瘫痪的女人也能自己咖啡。
coffee:咖啡
But not if you are quadriplegic. Unlike paraplegics, for whom the robotic legs described in the previous article are being developed, quadriplegics have lost the use of all four limbs. Yet thanks to a project organised by John Donoghue of Brown University, in Rhode Island, and his colleagues, they too have hope.
给自己倒杯咖啡对普通人来说是一件再平常不过的小事，但对于一个四肢瘫痪的人来说就不是这样了，不像下身麻痹患者，前文中提到的机械腿已经发展得很成熟，但全身瘫痪的人四肢都不能使用，现在多亏了罗德岛是布朗大学的John Donoghue和他同事发起的一项计划，四肢瘫痪者也有了希望。
being:是
One of the participants in his experiments, a 58-year-old woman who is unable to use any of her limbs, can now pick up a bottle containing coffee and bring it close enough to her mouth to drink from it using a straw. She does so using a thought-controlled robotic arm fixed to a nearby stand.
在他的实验中有一位58岁的女患者，她四肢瘫痪，但她现在能够拿起一瓶咖啡并送到嘴边，再用吸管咖啡，她完成这个动作是靠思想控制固定在旁边的机械臂，这也是她15年前中风以来，第一次像这样掌控一些东西。
coffee:咖啡
The arm that the woman used to help herself to a drink is a lightweight device developed by DLR, Germany's Aerospace Centre, as part of its robotics programme. The other, known as a DEKA arm, is being developed in America specifically as a prosthetic for those who have lost an arm.
能让女患者自己喝水的这个轻量级机械臂来自于DLR（德国航空航天中心），这也是机器人计划的航空航天，其他的还有DEKA的机械臂，该厂专为残疾人士提供假肢，并且在美国已经相当成熟。
Aerospace:航空航天
For people who have little or no ability to move their arms Dr Donoghue's work promises liberation in the form of quotidian action that the able-bodied take for granted.
对于那些没有能力或者只有有限能力支配他们手臂的患者来说，Donoghue博士的成果解放了他们，让他们也肉体完成那些我们认为理所当然的琐事。
bodied:肉体
Chiquita has tried hard to be good—and got no credit for it.
奇基塔一直努力试过一个好企业，但一直得不到信任。
tried:试过
Despite accommodating eco-warriors, social activists and unions, it has found little reward.
尽管帮助于生态保护斗士，社会积极分子及其工会，但是奇基塔公司没得到什么好处。
unions:工会
This may have pleased environmentalists, but it infuriated Canadians who depend on the oil industry.
这样的举动或许能讨好环保人士，但是愤怒了依赖于这种燃油产业的加拿大人。
infuriated:愤怒
Chiquita has signed and largely upheld a global agreement with local and international food unions.
奇基塔同当地和国际食品工会已签署了并很大程度上支持的一份全球协议。
unions:工会
It has embraced sustainable farming techniques and allows products to be certified for environmental and other standards.
该协议囊括了可持续农业它，给予产品环保认证以及其他标准。
It:它
But that has not provided protection from big retailers buying bananas direct from plantations and bypassing Chiquita and its main rivals, Dole and Fresh Del Monte Produce.
但是，对于那些绕过奇基塔和其主要竞争对手的杜尔和德尔蒙食品公司直接在种植园从大零售商那里购买香蕉并不能够提供相应的保障。
bypassing:绕过
But that has not provided protection from big retailers buying bananas direct from plantations and bypassing Chiquita and its main rivals, Dole and Fresh Del Monte Produce.
但是，对于那些避开奇基塔和其主要竞争对手的杜尔和德尔蒙生产公司直接在种植园从大零售商那里购买香蕉并不能够提供相应的保障。
Produce:生产
In 2003 Chiquita became the only American company voluntarily to admit to the Department of Justice that it had paid protection money to Colombian paramilitary forces surrounding its plantations.
2003年，奇基塔就是美国唯一家公司主动承认他们向驻扎在种植园附近的哥伦比亚军事准军事交过保护费。
paramilitary:准军事
"It's not sustainable for any company in a competitive sector to make progress and gain no recognition for it," he grumbles.
并抱怨到这对于在一个竞争激烈的行业中取得进展和得到认可都是不可持续的。
progress:进展
ONE stereotype of wisdom is a wizened Zen-master smiling benevolently at the antics of his pupils, while referring to them as little grasshoppers or some such affectation, safe in the knowledge that one day they, too, will have been set on the path that leads to wizened masterhood.
提到智慧的同时，人们脑海里总会出现这样一个老套的画面：一个削瘦的禅宗大师面容慈祥的对他的弟子微笑着，一边叫他们"小不点"，心中十分确定他们迟早会走上这条通往智慧的禅宗之道。
while:同时
Participants were asked to read a series of pretend newspaper articles.
他要求参与者阅读一些假装在报纸上读的文章。
read:读
(Those in favour viewed it as an opportunity to get rich; those against feared the disruption of ancient ways and potential ecological damage.)
（赞成开采的人被看这是一个发展当经济的机会而反对开采的人则害怕破坏了古老的生活方式并且会对生态环境带来潜在威胁）。
viewed:被看
The other half took the form of advice columns that dealt with conflicts between individuals: siblings, friends and spouses.
另一半文章以专栏的方式提供兄弟姐妹、朋友、配偶之间的朋友斗争解决建议。
friends:朋友
These assessors were trained to rate transcribed responses consistently, and had been tested to show that their ratings were statistically comparable with one another.
这些评级成员经过训练，能够始终以相同标准对纸上答案进行评分；并且已通过测试表明其评出的分数在统计方面相互具有可比性。
ratings:评级
This attempted to capture the degree to which they discussed what psychologists consider five crucial aspects of wise reasoning: willingness to seek opportunities to resolve conflict; willingness to search for compromise; recognition of the limits of personal knowledge; awareness that more than one perspective on a problem can exist; and appreciation of the fact that things may get worse before they get better.
他们考虑通过这种方法把握心理学家认为的五个有关于智慧方面的重要程度，分别是：寻求解决争端机会的意愿；寻求折中方法的意愿；对个人知识有限的认识度；对问题存在多个方面的意识程度；和对事情在往好的方向发展前的趋坏倾向的估计程度。
consider:考虑
This attempted to capture the degree to which they discussed what psychologists consider five crucial aspects of wise reasoning: willingness to seek opportunities to resolve conflict; willingness to search for compromise; recognition of the limits of personal knowledge; awareness that more than one perspective on a problem can exist; and appreciation of the fact that things may get worse before they get better.
他们想通过这种方法把握心理学家考虑的五个有关于智慧方面的重要程度，分别是：寻求解决争端机会的意愿；寻求折中方法的意愿；对个人知识有限的认识度；对问题存在多个方面的意识程度；和对事情在往好的方向发展前的趋坏倾向的估计程度。
consider:考虑
This attempted to capture the degree to which they discussed what psychologists consider five crucial aspects of wise reasoning: willingness to seek opportunities to resolve conflict; willingness to search for compromise; recognition of the limits of personal knowledge; awareness that more than one perspective on a problem can exist; and appreciation of the fact that things may get worse before they get better.
他们想通过这种方法把握心理学家认为的五个有关于智慧方面的重要程度，分别是：寻求解决争端机会的意愿；寻求折中方法的意愿；对个人知识有限的认识度；对问题存在多个方面的意识程度；和对事情在往更好的方向发展前的趋坏倾向的估计程度。
better:更好
Their intergroup wisdom score averaged 45 at the age of 25 and 55 at 75. Their interpersonal score similarly climbed from 46 to 50. Japanese scores, by contrast, hardly varied with age.
25岁的美国人社会群体的判断力平均数是45而75岁的美国人平均数是55.他们人际关系的判断力平均数同样随年龄由46攀登至50。
climbed:攀登
So, later on Tuesday, his wife Ann will speak up for her husband; on Wednesday, his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan will address the crowd, and Mitt Romney will close the convention on Thursday.
然后，周二晚些时候，他的妻子安将为丈夫作讲话，周三，他的竞选妻子国会议员保罗·瑞安将向大家作讲话，米特·罗姆尼将于周四结束这次大会。
wife:妻子
So, later on Tuesday, his wife Ann will speak up for her husband; on Wednesday, his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan will address the crowd, and Mitt Romney will close the convention on Thursday.
然后，周二晚些时候，他的妻子安将为丈夫作讲话，周三，他的竞选丈夫国会议员保罗·瑞安将向大家作讲话，米特·罗姆尼将于周四结束这次大会。
husband:丈夫
So, later on Tuesday, his wife Ann will speak up for her husband; on Wednesday, his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan will address the crowd, and Mitt Romney will close the convention on Thursday.
然后，周二晚些时候，他的妻子安将为丈夫作讲话，周三，他的竞选伙伴国会议员保罗·瑞安将向大家作讲话，米特·罗姆尼将于周四接近这次大会。
close:接近
The United Nations has warned that as many as 200,000 refugees could flee to Turkey to escape fighting in Syria – almost double the number Turkey says it can take.
联合国警告称，多达20万的难民将逃跑叙利亚战争而前往土耳其，土耳其称这是能接纳的人数的两倍。
flee:逃跑
Belgium's highest court has granted a conditional early release to the former wife and accomplice of the convicted pedophile and child killer Marc Dutroux.
比利时最高法院批准有条件地提前释放获罪的恋童癖和杀儿童凶手马克·杜特斯的前妻，他前妻同时也是其同谋者。
accomplice:同谋者
Nasa has released the first color images taken by the Mars rover Curiosity. The spectacular pictures show amount of layered rock on the lower slope of Mount Sharp – the area where scientists plan to focus their search for conditions to support life on Mars.
美国航天局公布火星漫游者“神奇号”拍下的首批彩色图片，壮观的图片显示夏普山斜坡上大量的岩石层，科学家计划集中注意力研究这里，寻找火星适于生命的条件。
focus:集中注意力
Crop insurance will help reduce financial losses for most of the farmers.
农作物保险将有助于减少大多数农民的经济损失。
reduce:减少
But not every farmer in the United States chooses to buy crop insurance.
但并非每个美国农民都选择买农作物保险。
buy:买
That common sense used to be common practice on farms in Iowa, the heart of America's corn, or maize, production.
”这种常识在生产美国玉米生产核心地区的爱荷华州的农场曾经是一种常规做法。
production:生产
University of Tennessee law professor Karla McKanders says the outcry in Arizona, Tennessee and other states considering similar legislation has put the immigration debate at the center of U.S. politics.
田纳西大学法学教授卡拉·迈克坎德斯表示在亚利桑那州,田纳西等州的抗议考虑类似的立法已经把移民问题的争议推到了美国政治的焦点。
considering:考虑
President Obama recently announced the Department of Homeland Security would stop deportation proceedings against a limited group of younger undocumented immigrants.
迈克坎德斯说道。奥巴马总统最近宣布美国祖国安全部将停止遣返年轻的非法移民。
Homeland:祖国
Here, protesters want to send a message to Democrats that immigration reform should be a priority.
在这里,抗议者们想要消息一则信息给民主党,那就是移民改革应优先考虑。
message:消息
This extra water enters the camel’s bloodstream to add to its water supply.
这些额外的水进入骆驼的血流，增加其水分的供应。
bloodstream:血流
When we exhale, we loose a lot of water vapor, as any fogged up car window will prove.
当我们呼吸的时候，我们会流失许多水蒸汽，被雾气模糊的车窗可以证明这一点。
exhale:呼吸
When we exhale, we loose a lot of water vapor, as any fogged up car window will prove.
当我们呼气的时候，我们会流失许多水蒸汽，证明雾气模糊的车窗可以证明这一点。
prove:证明
His work- outs will build up the enzymes of this system, as well as build up his muscles.
由此将会高这个系统的酶，也能够重塑他的肌肉。
up:高
His work- outs will build up the enzymes of this system, as well as build up his muscles.
由此将会高这个系统的酶，也能够重塑他的肌肉。
up:高
The governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, said more than 8,000 members of the National Guard were being deployed across the state to help with flood defense, search and rescue work and to guard against looting.
路易斯安那州州长鲍比·金达尔说已经在全州部署了8000多名国民警卫来帮助抵御洪水，进行搜救工作并预防打劫帮助。
help:帮助
The governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, said more than 8,000 members of the National Guard were being deployed across the state to help with flood defense, search and rescue work and to guard against looting.
路易斯安那州州长鲍比·金达尔说已经在全州部署了8000多名国民警卫来帮助抵御洪水，进行搜救工作并预防打劫搜寻。
search:搜寻
The governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, said more than 8,000 members of the National Guard were being deployed across the state to help with flood defense, search and rescue work and to guard against looting.
路易斯安那州州长鲍比·金达尔说已经在全州部署了8000多名国民警卫来帮助抵御洪水，进行搜救工作并预防打劫工作。
work:工作
The storm is almost stationary overnight, making landfalls twice all along our coast.
这场暴风雨夜间很稳定，降落附近的降雨量多了两倍。
landfalls:降落
A gunman dressed in Afghan army uniform has shot dead three Nato soldiers in the southern Afghanistan. A US military official said the attacker was a member of the Afghan security forces. There's been a growing number of such attacks.
”一名制服阿富汗军装的武装人员在阿富汗南部开枪打死三名北约士兵，一名美国军官说袭击者是阿富汗安全部队成员，最近这类袭击事件不断发生。
uniform:制服
The prosecutors used legislation from apartheid era as Karen Allen reports from Johannesburg.
检察官援引种族隔离时代的法律来判案，凯伦·阿伦在约翰内斯堡报道。
era:时代
Families and friends of the accused men gathered outside court to protest their innocent in what has become a protracted preliminary hearing.
被告者的家属和亲友聚集在法庭外抗议表示无辜，这次预审也男士拖延。
men:男士
The World Bank said the price rises threatened the health of wellbeing of millions of people.
世界银行称粮价上涨威胁着数百万人的健康。
health:健康
Power lines and roads have been removed from the site in what the IAEA suspects it's a clean up operation designed to hide previous nuclear activities.
这里的输电线和道路已经撤去，国际原子能组织怀疑这是在清理现场，意在掩藏之前的核操作。
operation:操作
Religious leaders in India have reacted with anger to a controversial proposal to sell media right to the world's biggest religious festival.
印度宗教领袖对一项有争议的提议表示愤怒，提议提议是出售全世界最大的宗教节日的媒体权。
proposal:提议
Turkey has appealed to the United Nations Security Council to set up the camps inside Syria without delay to protect the thousands of people fleeing the fighting between the government and rebels.
土耳其呼吁联合国安理会尽快在叙利亚境内设置营地，来保护逃跑政府与叛军战争的上万民众。
fleeing:逃跑
In front of a crowd of photographers and cameramen, Mitt Romney stood behind the curtain here at the convention center and made a few last minutes checks.
米特·罗姆尼站在会场中心帷幕的后面做最后的检查工作，他面前是一群摄影师和摄影师。
cameramen:摄影师
In front of a crowd of photographers and cameramen, Mitt Romney stood behind the curtain here at the convention center and made a few last minutes checks.
米特·罗姆尼站在公约中心帷幕的后面做最后的检查工作，他面前是一群摄影师和摄影记者。
convention:公约
The four-day gathering of Republicans will climax late on Thursday with Mitt Romney's speech. With many Americans only now starting to pay attention to the election campaign and the US TV networks covering the speech live, some have urged that he flash out his personal story in his speech.
米特·罗姆尼周四的演讲将是共和党4天集会的高潮，很多美国人也是现在才开始关注选举，美国电视网络也在直播这场演讲，由于有要求罗姆尼在演讲中快速介绍自己的故事。
have:有
He has struggled to connect with potential voters in the past months of campaigning. But Mitt Romney's advisors caution that he is not interested in burying his sole.
在过去几个月的竞选中，罗姆尼费了很大的功夫来联系潜在选民，但他的顾问提醒说，罗姆尼对此并不感兴趣。
campaigning:竞选
Democrats argue today's high unemployment rate and sluggish economic growth are the lingering effects of a deep recession that began months before Obama took office, during a Republican administration.
民主党人认为如今的高失业率和缓慢的经济增长是深度衰退挥之不去的影响,它在美国共和党执政月，奥巴马上任前几个月就已经生根发芽。
months:月
The day before the convention, Democrats highlighted this state, which they need to win in November,and celebrated just being Democrats.
在大会前一天,民主党人在这个是强调,他们会于11月赢得胜利，而且只有民主党人将会笑到最后庆祝胜利。
being:是
Democrats have come to town on Labor Day, as North Carolina’s unemployment rate hovers well above the rest of the country —a rate that remains high nationally at more than eight percent.
民主党人已经在劳动节抵达这个城镇,随着北卡罗莱纳的失业率远高于其他失业—一失业率已经达到全国的百分之八以上。
unemployment:失业
He has steady work this week as a floral designer only because the convention is in town.
本周作为插花设计师的他有份稳定工作的原因权因在城里召开的这次公约。
convention:公约
The Republican nominee for president, Mitt Romney, and his running mate Paul Ryan blame Democrats, even harkening back to a president of 30 years ago.
他说道。而共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼和他的竞选伙伴保罗·瑞恩责备民主党人,甚至追溯到了30年前的一位总统。
blame:责备
This empty arena fills with 6,000 delegates and thousands of volunteers and supporters each day the convention gavels in.
随着会议的召开，这个原本空空如也的舞台每天将空6000名代表，成千上万的志愿者及支持者们。
empty:空
This empty arena fills with 6,000 delegates and thousands of volunteers and supporters each day the convention gavels in.
随着公约的召开，这个原本空空如也的舞台每天将容纳6000名代表，成千上万的志愿者及支持者们。
convention:公约
Our challenges can be met. The path we offer may be harder, but it leads to a better place.
我们的道路会比较艰难，但会走向更更好的未来。
better:更好
BARACK OBAMA: "Terrorist plots must be disrupted. Europe's crisis must be contained.
”奥巴马：“恐怖主义的阴谋必须扰乱，欧洲危机必须遏制住。
disrupted:扰乱
DELEGATES: "I do think he's going to win the important states, maybe by squeakers, but that's all that it takes!"
特派团：“我认为他会赢得关键的州，可能是险胜，但胜利才是最重要的！
DELEGATES:特派团
But he noted that the economy has added jobs for the past thirty months. It was losing eight hundred thousand jobs a month when he took office.
但他已注意到，过去30个月内经济发展已经增加了就业机会，而他就任总统时，美国经济每月失去80万个就业机会。
noted:已注意到
But he noted that the economy has added jobs for the past thirty months. It was losing eight hundred thousand jobs a month when he took office.
但他说，过去30个月内经济发展已经增加了就业机会，而他就任总统过去，美国经济每月失去80万个就业机会。
past:过去
The yield produced from the algae has proven far greater than other biofuels currently being developed.
藻类的屈服大大高于目前正在开发的其他生物燃料。
yield:屈服
For example, soy produces an average yield of fifty gallons of biofuel per acre per year.
例如，大豆平均每年每英亩可屈服五十加仑的生物燃料。
yield:屈服
Mapmakers operate in environments of subjective knowledge. Their work is influenced by politics and patrons, regional assumptions and religious beliefs, all of which jostles with the science in determining what a map looks like and what it is used for.
地图绘制者生存的环境主观色彩浓厚，他们的工作受到政治、赞助人、区域假设以及宗教信仰等因素的受影响，在确定地图的面貌及用途时，这些因素与科学相互碰撞。
influenced:受影响
Mapmakers may be geographers and cartographers, but they can also be artists and imperialists, storytellers and propagandists.
地图绘制者可能是地理学家和制图地理学家，但他们同时也可能既是艺术家又是帝国主义者，既是故事讲述人又是宣传分子。
geographers:地理学家
Mapmakers may be geographers and cartographers, but they can also be artists and imperialists, storytellers and propagandists.
地图绘制者可能是地图师和制图专家，但他们同时也可能既是艺术家又是帝国主义者，既是故事讲述人又是宣传分子。
cartographers:地图师
The examples are impressively varied, from Ptolemy's toils to Google Earth, and include some lesser-known Islamic and East Asian works.
这些地图跨度巨大，分属于不同时期、不同地区，既有托勒密艰苦劳作的产物，也有谷歌地球，还有一些更鲜为人知的伊斯兰劳力和东亚劳力。
toils:劳力
One such map in the book features a view of the globe with Britain and the North Atlantic in the centre to better portray the empire's sea power; Australia and half of South America are left off.
这本书中就有一幅这样的全球帝国图，将英国和北大西洋放在中心位置，以更好帝国彰显大英帝国的海洋实力。澳大利亚以及半个南美竟被忽落。
empire:帝国
Mr Brotton may fall short of providing the promised “history of the world”, but he offers plenty of good reasons to see old maps as windows to lost times.
布洛顿先生可能没有提供提供读者所谓的“世界历史”，但是，他提供了大量理由来解释，为什么可将看老地图作为了解已逝时代的窗口。
providing:提供
It will push for work related to Austrialia's commodity boom and Asian capital markets.
它将推与澳大利亚商品市场和亚洲资本市场等相关的工作的发展。
push:推
He said the company sincerely regretted the consequences of the thalidomide, and apologized to all those affected and to their mothers for attempted for as he put it not reaching out their personally for almost 50 years.
他说，公司对萨立多胺的后果很遗憾非常遗憾，对所有那些受影响的人表示道歉，向所有那些50年来没有联系上的母亲道歉。
regretted:很遗憾
The runner-up in Mexico's presidential elections Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador says he won't accept the court ruling that validates the July's poll.
墨西哥总统选举位于第二名的候选人安德烈斯·曼纽尔·洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔说，他不会接受法院批准7月份选举生效的裁决。
ruling:裁决
Earlier, the country's electoral court dismissed an appeal by Mr. Lopez Obrador against to victory central right candidate Enrique Pena Nieto whom he accused of electoral fraud.
早些时候，奥夫拉多尔提交上诉反对宣布中间右派候选人潘尼亚尼托获胜，称此人涉嫌选举欺诈，但该国选举法庭被解雇了他的上诉。
dismissed:被解雇
Earlier, the country's electoral court dismissed an appeal by Mr. Lopez Obrador against to victory central right candidate Enrique Pena Nieto whom he accused of electoral fraud.
早些时候，奥夫拉多尔提交上诉反对宣布中间右派候选人潘尼亚尼托获胜，称此人被告选举欺诈，但该国选举法庭驳回了他的上诉。
accused:被告
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador accused Mr. Pena Nieto's party the PRI of vote buying and other irregularities, and entered the petition that the election be declared valid.
安德烈斯·曼纽尔·洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔指控潘尼亚尼托的党派革命制度党购买选民等其他违规行为，并恳求宣布选举无效。
buying:购买
Lawyers in South Africa are threatening legal action on behalf of 270 miners who have been charged murder after 34 of their colleagues were shot dead by police.
南非律师威胁要代表威胁指控以谋杀罪的270名矿工寻求法律诉讼，此前，这些矿工的34名同事威胁警察开枪打死。
threatening:威胁
Prosecutors have charged 270 demonstrators with murder under the common purpose doctrine, an apartheid era law used in crowd situations when there is uncertainty about blame.
检察官以共同目的的原则指控270名抗议者以谋杀罪，而这一原则是在种族隔离时代的法律，适用于无法确定罪责的集体事件。
era:时代
Prosecutors have charged 270 demonstrators with murder under the common purpose doctrine, an apartheid era law used in crowd situations when there is uncertainty about blame.
检察官以共同目的的原则指控270名抗议者以谋杀罪，而这一原则是在种族隔离时期的法律，适用于无法确定责备的集体事件。
blame:责备
President Jose Eduardo dos Santos is seeking another term after more than 30 years in power.
已经执政30多年的总统若泽·爱德华多·多斯桑托斯正寻找下一任期。
seeking:寻找
The announcement was made by the acting director of public prosecutions Nomgcobo Jiba. "The decision and pronouncement on final charges will only be made once all investigations have been completed.
代理公诉人农格科博·吉巴宣布说：“一旦完成全部调查，就会就最终指控作出决定并宣布。
announcement:宣布
There was public outrage over the original decision to use an apartheid -era provocation law to charge the miners with the murders.
检察官最初决定使用种族隔离时期的法律来指控这些矿工以谋杀罪，结果引起愤怒。
outrage:愤怒
The Supreme Court has ruled that the hill-top settlement of Migron, north of Jerusalem and home to about 50 families, must be evacuated by Tuesday because it's not authorized by the Israeli government.
最高法院判决，耶路撒冷北部米矶仑山顶定居区家的50多户人家必须在周二之前撤离，原因是以色列政府不批准在这里定居。
home:家
Some of the settlers are reported to have barricaded themselves inside a building in the outpost.
据悉一些定居者将自己封在边外哨一座大楼内。
outpost:外哨
Speaking afterwards, Pistorius complained that the race had not been fair and that his rival had an advantage because he had chosen to adjust the length of his running blades.
皮斯托利斯随后抱怨说种族不公平，他的对手更有优势，因为他选择调节了刀片的长度。
race:种族
He said the organizers of the Paralympics needed to take another look at the regulations.
他说残奥会的组织者有必要再次参阅下规例。
regulations:规例
At Britain’s National Spinal Injury Center, they are proud of their link to the Paralympics.
在英国中心脊髓损伤中心，工作人员为他们的工作与残奥会有关感到骄傲。
Center:中心
And these days while patients learn how to live after crippling trauma with the constant help of physical therapists, the games are not far from their mind.
由于理疗师们的持续帮助，病人们明白了严重创伤后应如何天，让他们距离残奥会并不遥远。
days:天
The head of the physical therapy, Doctor Dott Tussler says the hospital still uses sports as an important part of its rehabilitation program. “We use sport as a vehicle for improving balance, strength coordination, wheel chair skills and wheel chair mobility as well as those physical attributes you can then go on to build the final element of, of doing things together in a group.”
Dott Tussler是这些理疗师负责人，她说该医院仍然将体育锻炼作为病人康复的一个重要组成部分：“我们将运动作为一个工具，帮助改善病人身体的平衡，技能协调，掌握轮椅的技巧和使用轮椅前进以及许多的身体属性，这样接下来病人就可以掌握最后所需的技能，可以参加团体体育运动比赛。”
skills:技能
Doctor Ludwig Guttmann believed that sports would help heal his patients physically and emotionally and that an international disabled games would help heal the wounds of the war.
这名科学家叫Ludwig Guttmann，他认为运动能帮助从身体和精神两方面治疗他的病人，他还认为国际性的残疾人运动会将会帮助世界治愈战争的伤口。
wounds:伤口
But many, like Ta Jandee, say they prefer that risk to returning to Burma.
但是像塔·延德这样的很多人偏好宁可承担这种风险也不返回缅甸。
prefer:偏好
I had to carry supplies for them in the jungle.
我不得不为在丛林中的他们承载补给。
carry:承载
MAP head Jackie Pollock says the reforms now underway in Burma will hopefully improve working conditions for migrants in Thailand.
移民援助项目的领导杰基·波洛克表示缅甸正在进行的改革将有希望改革在泰国工作的移民的条件。
reforms:改革
“When my child starts school he will need a birth certificate.
“当我的孩子出生上学,他将需要一张出生证明。
birth:出生
Today, if a girl acts like she is better than everyone else, you might say she should get off her high horse.
今天，如果一个女孩子做事时，更好比谁都做得好，你可说她可不应该这样摆架子。
better:更好
Last night, I got a telephone call while I was watching my favorite television show.
昨晚，当我在看喜欢的电视节目时，我的呼叫了。
call:呼叫
Last night, I got a telephone call while I was watching my favorite television show.
昨晚，当我在看喜欢的电视节目同时，我的电话响了。
while:同时
In the past, this expression was used as an argument to re-elect a president, especially during a time when the country was at war.
过去，在反驳重新竞选总统过去，特别是在国家处于战争过去，人们常用中流换马这个词。
past:过去
Although the boiling point of water — 212 degrees — is reduced on stormy days, and thus water boils faster, the temperature of that boiling water is also lower.
尽管水的沸点-212度-在暴风雨天气会减少，水会烧开的比较快，可是开水的温度也会相对较低。
reduced:减少
This early ignition causes pressure waves that rattle the piston, making a knocking sound.
提前点着燃料会引发压力流，使活塞咔哒咔哒作响，发出爆震敲击。
knocking:敲击
Gas with an octane number of 87, when tested, acted just like the comparison mixture with 87% knock resistant fuel.
我们把两种燃料混合起来做成用于对比的混合油，发现在试验过程中，辛烷值为87的汽油和含有87%抗爆混合物的混合油效果一样。
mixture:混合物
Gas with an octane number of 87, when tested, acted just like the comparison mixture with 87% knock resistant fuel.
我们把两种燃料混合起来做成用于对比的混合油，发现在试验过程中，辛烷值为87的汽油和含有87%抗爆燃料的混合油效果一样。
fuel:燃料
Its cost may be hard to count, but cybercrime has companies worried.
网络网络犯罪损失难料，公司企业忧心忡忡。
cybercrime:网络犯罪
After commenting on preparations for the Olympic Games and on counter-terrorism, Mr Evans turned to cyber-security-where the "front line…is as much in business as it is in government."
他先评价了奥运会准备工作和反恐的问题，接着便把话题转移到网络安全上——"在前线……商务和政府的遭遇没什么区别"。
business:商务
States as well as criminals were up to no good, he said: in particular, a "major London listed company with which we have worked" had lost revenue of "some ￡800m" ($1.2 billion) to state-sponsored cyber-attack.
他说，国家和有罪犯都不怀好意，尤其是国家给予经济支持的网络攻击，使得"部分受我们保护的主要伦敦上市企业"盈利损失近达" 8 亿英镑"（12 亿美元）。
have:有
States as well as criminals were up to no good, he said: in particular, a "major London listed company with which we have worked" had lost revenue of "some ￡800m" ($1.2 billion) to state-sponsored cyber-attack.
他说，国家和个人罪犯都不怀好意，尤其是国家给予经济赞助的网络攻击，使得"部分受我们保护的主要伦敦上市企业"盈利损失近达" 8 亿英镑"（12 亿美元）。
sponsored:赞助
The firm in question had lost intellectual property and had been put at a disadvantage in commercial negotiations.
遭受攻击的企业失去了知识产权，还会在坚固中处于劣势。
firm:坚固
Mark Anderson, the chairman of INVNT/IP, a new organisation of technology companies, says: "We are encouraged by discovering the number of global technology CEOs who have come to understand this issue and its importance to their own company welfare, regardless of the incentives and protestations offered by China, Russia and other nations known to actively steal IP."
INVNT/ IP是一家新成立的它的公司，他的总裁Mark Anderson说："中国、俄罗斯和其他猖狂进行IP偷窃的国家如今一味发表声明以正其身，尽管如此，我们仍然备受鼓舞，因为我们发现世界上越来越多它的公司总裁意识到网络安全的问题及其对他们公司资产的重要性。
its:它的
Working out the cost of cybercrime is a devil of a job. The FTC and Wyndham are poles apart on their estimates of the effect of the credit-card thefts.
核算网络网络犯罪带来的成本损失让人避之若浼，联邦贸易委员会和温德姆酒店集团对信用卡盗窃的影响预估大相径庭。
cybercrime:网络犯罪
Companies say they are under constant cyber-attack in ever more ingenious forms, but they are loth to say in public how often the raiders get through and how much damage they do—assuming that the breach is spotted. That suggests the damage is underreported.
公司企业声称他们经常受到网络攻击，其形式更甚高明，但他们却不愿意公布，如果他们的漏洞被盯上表格，他们受入侵的次数以及受损程度会是多少，估计损失也被低估。
forms:表格
Companies might anyway have lost some of the business written off to cybercrime.
商务的部分业务收入可能也与网络犯罪的损失勾销。
business:商务
Companies might anyway have lost some of the business written off to cybercrime.
企业的部分业务收入可能也与网络网络犯罪的损失勾销。
cybercrime:网络犯罪
In a report by Britain's Cabinet Office last year, Detica, the software arm of BAE Systems, a defence company, put the cost of cybercrime to the country at a staggering ￡27 billion, or 1.8% of GDP.
据英国内阁办公厅去年的报告显示，主理防卫业务的英国BAE系统公司的附属公司Detica给其提供软件助理，Detica在去年投入到英国国内的网络网络犯罪防范成本惊人，达到270 亿英镑，占了GDP的1.8%。
cybercrime:网络犯罪
Most of the cost of cybercrime, it concludes, is indirect, such as spending on antivirus software or other corporate defences.
该报告总结，大部分针对网络犯罪的成本损失都是间接的，比如说杀毒软件或其他公司防卫手段的成本。
cost:成本
Most of the cost of cybercrime, it concludes, is indirect, such as spending on antivirus software or other corporate defences.
该报告总结，大部分针对网络网络犯罪的成本损失都是间接的，比如说杀毒软件或其他公司防卫手段的支出。
cybercrime:网络犯罪
In other words, a lot goes on payments by one lot of businesses to another: the computer-security industry.
换句话说，大部分付款支付给了另一类行业：计算机安全保障行业。
payments:付款
Greg Day, the chief technology officer for security in the European business of Symantec, a computer-security firm, says that for years cybercrime was more or less "random", as crooks looked for any holes they could find anywhere.
计算机安全公司赛门铁克的欧洲分公司技术总监Greg Day说，过去的网络网络犯罪多多少少有点"随机性"，不法分子只是在到处找寻他们可以突破的漏洞而已。
cybercrime:网络犯罪
Symantec observed virtually no targeted attacks before Stuxnet, a worm that attacked industrial-control systems, appeared in 2010. Last December it spotted an average of 154 a day.
据赛门铁克观察发现，2010年之前，没有任何网络受到过针对性攻击，后来，指向攻击企业控制系统的蠕虫病毒Stuxnet出现了，这种情况就改变了，去年12月，每天就有154个系统受到这种病毒的攻击。
targeted:指向
The bad guys are increasingly using social media to try to find a way in, either by gathering intelligence or by befriending employees who may be tricked into opening an e-mail with nasty code within.
越来越多坏蛋利用社交媒体进行黑客攻击试，他们要么成群结队地展开试，要么找易上当的雇员下手，欺骗他们打开含有恶意代码的电子邮件。
try:试
Celebrations as the protesting mine workers were released from custody, and a sense of triumphalism that murder charges which had prompted a public outcry have been withdrawn – for the time being, at least.
人们在庆祝被监禁的抗议矿工获释，感到获得了胜利。这起谋杀指控一度发出的群情激愤，目前指控被撤回，至少眼前如此。
prompted:发出的
In a move that prompted public outrage, 290 miners from the Marikana mine were initially charged with the murder of their colleagues using an apartheid-era law after a protest during a wage dispute ended with 34 mine workers shot dead.
这件事之所以引起公愤，是发出的为Marikana矿工发出的薪酬问题进行抗议，结果34名矿工遭到杀害，检察官援引种族隔离时期的法律，指控另外290名矿工谋杀了同事。
prompted:发出的
In a move that prompted public outrage, 290 miners from the Marikana mine were initially charged with the murder of their colleagues using an apartheid-era law after a protest during a wage dispute ended with 34 mine workers shot dead.
这件事之所以引起公愤，是因为Marikana矿工因薪酬问题进行抗议，结果34名矿工遭到杀害，检察官援引种族隔离时代的法律，指控另外290名矿工谋杀了同事。
era:时代
TV footage at the time appeared to show the police fired the fatal shots.
而当时的电视视频显示是警察被开枪打死了矿工。
fired:被开枪
The funeral of one of Italy's most popular and controversial church figures, Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini, has taken place in Milan.
意大利最著名最有争议的教堂人物枢機卿马蒂尼的葬礼在米兰举行。
Cardinal:枢機卿
In a posthumously published interview, the cardinal had criticized the church for being 200 years behind the time.
在枢機卿死后发布的采访中，他批评教堂已落后于时代200年。
cardinal:枢機卿
The cardinal, an impressive churchman, died last Friday at the age of 85.
这位有影响力的枢機卿上周五去世，终年85岁。
cardinal:枢機卿
The cardinal, an impressive churchman, died last Friday at the age of 85.
这位有影响力的主教上周五去世，最后85岁。
last:最后
Cardinal Martini, a Jesuit, was seen as one of the last progressives in a church increasingly dominated by conservatives headed by Pope Benedict.
枢機卿马蒂尼是耶酥会会士，在这个以班尼迪克教皇领导下保守派日益占主导地位的教堂，他被视为最后的进步派。
Cardinal:枢機卿
The Farc leader, Rodrigo Londono, said the rebels were coming to the table without rancor or arrogance.
该组织领导人Rodrigo Londono说，叛军是不带傲慢和傲慢来到谈判桌上的。
rancor:傲慢
The zebu(s) are coveted as symbols of wealth and social standing.
瘤牛被视为财富和社会站立的象征。
standing:站立
In some communities, a young man even has to steal an animal to prove his manhood and win the favor of his in-laws.
在一些社区，年轻人甚至需要偷年轻来证明男子气概，并赢得姻亲的青睐。
young:年轻
Baroness Thatcher, who's 86, was noted for choosing her clothes to convey power and authority.
时年86岁的撒切尔夫人因选择衣服来显示权力和权威而闻名。
clothes:衣服
The European Central Bank has unveiled its new program to buy government bonds from struggling countries in the eurozone.
欧洲央行推出买欧元区困境国家政府债券的新方案，欧洲和美国股市随之急剧上涨。
buy:买
The Italian prime minister Mario Monti welcomed the ECB's announcement as an important step forward.
意大利总理马里奥·蒙蒂对意大利语的宣布表示欢迎，称这是向前进的一大步。
Italian:意大利语
Italy's problems are not quite severe as Spain's. But it is still in difficult and dangerous financial waters.
意大利的问题不及西班牙严重，但财政状况已经很问题很危险了。
problems:问题
For months, prime minister Monti has called for measures to help shield the eurozone's weaker economies from unbearable pressures on the money markets.
几个月来，总理马里奥·蒙蒂呼吁采取措施盾牌欧元区贫弱国家免受货币市场过大的压力。
shield:盾牌
The Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban has rejected the conditions attached by the International Monetary Fund and European Union to a new 90-million-dollar loan for Hungary.
匈牙利总理维克多·奥班拒绝接受国际货币基金组织和匈牙利语提供的9000万贷款的附带条件。
Hungarian:匈牙利语
Syrian opposition activists say the army has retaken control of a town close to the border with Jordan in what appears to be an attempt to stem the flow of refugees fleeing the country.
叙利亚反对派企图人士称军队重夺了与约旦相邻边境的一个城镇，显然是为了阻止难民逃出本国。
attempt:企图
Syrian opposition activists say the army has retaken control of a town close to the border with Jordan in what appears to be an attempt to stem the flow of refugees fleeing the country.
叙利亚反对派活动人士称军队重夺了与约旦相邻边境的一个城镇，显然是为了阻止难民逃跑本国。
fleeing:逃跑
State media said president Thein Sein had accepted the judges' resignations after parliament voted to impeach them.
国家媒体称总统登盛在法院投票弹劾这些接受后接受了接受的辞职。
accepted:接受
At the Paralympic Games in London a British runner Jonnie Peacock has won the gold medal in the T44 100 meters race for single and double below-the-knee amputees.
在伦敦残奥会上，英国选手Jonnie Peacock在100米T44级单腿和双腿膝盖以下截肢者种族中获得金牌。
race:种族
On the fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, Democrats countercharge the republicans don’t want to end the conflicts there and are apt to start wars in Iran and Syria.
而就阿富汗和伊拉克战争，民主党反击说，共和党人不想结束那里的战斗，想在伊朗和叙利亚发动战争。
fighting:战斗
He spoke to the Democratic Muslim Caucus—pointing out incidents of discrimination in America.
他对民主党穆斯林党团聯盟指出在美国的歧视的事件。
Caucus:聯盟
Of the 6,000 delegates here at the convention, 100 are Muslim… twice as many as four years ago.
公约的6000名代表其中100人是穆斯林人…相比4年前的2倍还多。
convention:公约
Ohio Delegate Cathina Hourani is a native American who converted to Islam years ago.
俄亥俄州代理人卡蒂娜·胡拉尼数年前皈依伊斯兰时曾是一位土生土长的美国人。
Delegate:代理人
VOA's Jim Randle spoke with experts in the transportation industry, which is easily affected by economic changes.
美国之音记者吉姆·兰德尔采访了交通运输行业的专家们，该行业很容易受经济受影响的影响。
affected:受影响
Economists say trucks carry nearly seventy percent of the freight, or goods, transported in the United States.
经济学家说，卡车承载了美国承载系统中近70%的货物。
carry:承载
Economists say trucks carry nearly seventy percent of the freight, or goods, transported in the United States.
经济学家说，卡车运输了美国承载中近70%的货物。
carry:承载
The American Trucking Association represents the interests of the trucking industry. It says freight is a good measure of the economy.
美国货运协会代表着卡车卡车运输的利益，该机构称，货运可以很好地衡量经济。
Trucking:卡车运输
The American Trucking Association represents the interests of the trucking industry. It says freight is a good measure of the economy.
美国货运协会代表着卡车卡车运输的利益，该机构称，货运可以很好地衡量经济。
trucking:卡车运输
This is because businesses have to move unprocessed materials, carry parts to factories, and transport imports and exports.
因为商业必须移动未加工的材料，将零件运到工厂，承载出入口的货物。
carry:承载
This is because businesses have to move unprocessed materials, carry parts to factories, and transport imports and exports.
因为商业必须移动未加工的材料，将零件运到工厂，运输出入口的进口。
imports:进口
This is because businesses have to move unprocessed materials, carry parts to factories, and transport imports and exports.
因为商业必须移动未加工的材料，将零件运到工厂，运输出入口的出口。
exports:出口
The American Trucking Association says total freight tonnage increased in June, but remained unchanged in July. That is good news to Bob Costello.
卡车卡车运输货物的量在缓慢增长，美国货运协会称6月份总货运吨位有所增长，但7月份没有变化。
Trucking:卡车运输
MICHAEL MURPHY: "We are seeing the highest demand in the history of the hotel industry right now. More people are traveling now than ever before, and that's in all segments of travel."
迈克·墨菲：“我们现在看到酒店业有史以来最旺盛的需求，现在出游的人比历史任何时候都要多，这从旅游业的各个部门都可看出来。
history:历史
If you’ve ever seen a bicycle race, you might have noticed the riders lining up behind each other in straight columns.
如果你看过自行车种族，你或许注意到自行车手们都一个跟着一个排成一队。
race:种族
The formation they prefer however is shaped like the letter “V.”
然而它们偏好的队形却是“V”字形。
prefer:偏好
Air rushes more quickly over the wing’s bulging top, and this creates a kind of upward suction. This phenomenon is called “lift,” and it’s a goose’s secret for staying aloft.
空气很快从其翅膀顶部凸起的以上掠过，这就造成了一种向上的吸力，此现象就叫做“牵引”，这就是大雁能够停留在高空的秘密。
over:以上
Air rushes more quickly over the wing’s bulging top, and this creates a kind of upward suction. This phenomenon is called “lift,” and it’s a goose’s secret for staying aloft.
空气很快从其翅膀顶部凸起的顶部掠过，这就造成了一种向上的吸力，此现象就叫做“牵引”，这就是大雁能够停留在高空的秘密。
top:顶部
Air rushes more quickly over the wing’s bulging top, and this creates a kind of upward suction. This phenomenon is called “lift,” and it’s a goose’s secret for staying aloft.
空气很快从其翅膀顶部凸起的部分掠过，这就造成了一种向上的吸力，此现象就叫做“牵引”，这就是大雁留住停留在高空的秘密。
staying:留住
You’d think a tasty minnow would try to remain inconspicuous, but this isn’t always the case.
也许你认为美味的小米诺鱼应该藏起来，不留下发觉才对，然而事情并非总是如此。
remain:留下
Do injured minnows have some kind of crazy death wish?
难道那些受伤的小米诺鱼们有有疯狂的想死的念头吗？
have:有
Even if the original minnow is eaten, its brothers and sisters will live to reproduce.
即使原先的小米诺鱼活吃了，它的兄弟姐妹们也可以活下来繁殖后代。
live:活
The humans were about to be eaten by evil velociraptors, when the noise of their struggle summoned a bigger predator: Tyrannosaurus Rex.
人类眼看吃就要被可怕的暴龙们吃掉，正在这时，他们激烈的争斗声召唤出了更大的捕食者：雷克斯霸王龙。
eaten:吃
In December the authorities in America and the Netherlands prevented both his group and the other, led by Yoshihiro Kawaoka of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, from publishing their findings, lest they get into the wrong hands.
在去年12月，美国和荷兰当局阻止富希耶团队和由威斯康星大学的河冈义裕所带领的另一团队发表有关的研究发现，以免这些信息流入错误手中。
wrong:错误
HA is the viral equivalent of a grappling hook: it lets the virus latch onto a cell by binding to substances called sialic acids that are found in receptors on the cell's surface.
血凝素是病毒中一种类似于爪钩的物质：它通过钩子一种位于细胞表面受体中称作唾液酸的物质而使病毒与细胞相黏附。
hook:钩子
Mr Santos said the peace process would not be easy, and that the government would review it at regular intervals, halting it if there was no progress.
桑托斯说和平进程并非易事，政府将定期予以重审，如果没有进展立刻停顿。
halting:停顿
Delegates have been gathering all day, and the atmosphere here inside the convention hall is full of excitement.
代表们一整天都聚在这里，公约满是激动的气氛。
convention:公约
They seem keen to show that they're not browbeaten by four difficult years in which Barack Obama has struggled to pursue his agenda in the teeth of the vociferous Republican opposition.
看来他们没有对巴拉克·奥巴马的四年任职期吓倒，在这四年中奥巴马不顾共和党的反对苦心完成自己的议程。
agenda:议程
Campaign officials sound confident, but predict a very tight race.
竞选官员看来颇为自信，但预计种族会很激烈。
race:种族
If the commission finds Gazprom has acted anti-competitively, it could levy a fine on the company running to billions of dollars.
如果委员会发现该公司确实违反竞争法，就会对其实施数十亿美元的好的。
fine:好的
The Greek Center for Disease Control said the man who was in his 80s, died last month after his fever had developed into a more serious variety.
希腊疾病控制中心称上月这名男子病情加重去世，最后80岁。
last:最后
The French and Italian leaders say European institutions must do more to help countries like Spain and Italy that had been forced to pay very high rates of interest when they borrow money.
法国和意大利领导人称，欧洲各机构必须为西班牙和意大利这样的必须为借贷支付更高利率的国家提供更多帮助。
institutions:机构
After talks in Rome, President Francois Hollande and the Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti said the EU must act to shield weaker economies from the unbearable pressure in money markets.
总统弗朗索瓦·奥朗德和意大利总理马里奥·蒙蒂在罗马开会后说，意大利语必须行动起来使贫弱国家免于承受货币市场上的过大压力。
Italian:意大利语
Vandals also sprayed the Trappist monastery at Latrun with anti-Christian graffiti.
瓦納爾斯还在拉通熙笃会修道院墙上涂了反基督的涂鸦。
Vandals:瓦納爾斯
A tight three-horse race is expected to be between the Liberals, the separatist party and a new center-right party. The Liberal Jean Charest is seeking a fourth term.
自由派、分裂派和新中间偏右派党的三方角逐即将开始，自由派让·查莱斯特寻找第四个任期。
seeking:寻找
Global Positioning Systems are now a part of everyday driving in many countries. These satellite-based systems provide turn-by-turn directions to help people get to where they want to go.
全球定位系统( GPS)目前是许多国家日常驾驶的一部分，这些卫星系统提供转动指示，告诉人们怎么去想去的地方。
turn:转动
Global Positioning Systems are now a part of everyday driving in many countries. These satellite-based systems provide turn-by-turn directions to help people get to where they want to go.
全球定位系统( GPS)目前是许多国家日常驾驶的一部分，这些卫星系统提供转动指示，告诉人们怎么去想去的地方。
turn:转动
He told us about an incident involving a friend who had flown to an airport in the eastern United States. There he borrowed a GPS-equipped car to use during his stay.
我们通过Skype与布朗进行对话，他告诉我们一位飞到了美国东部机场的朋友的事故，他在那里购买了一辆装备了GPS的汽车装备逗留时用。
equipped:装备
BARRY BROWN: "One problem with a lot of the GPS units is they have a very small screen and they just tell you the next turn.
巴里·布朗：“GPS的一个问题是屏幕很小，它们只告诉你下一个转动。
turn:转动
Because they just give you the next turn, sometimes that means that it is not really giving you the overview that you would need to know that it's going to the wrong place."
但只会告诉你下一个转动，有时这意味着不能提供全景地图，这样就知道是否去了错误的地方。”
turn:转动
Barry Brown formerly served as a professor with the University of California, San Diego. While there, he worked on a project with Eric Laurier from the University of Edinburgh.
巴里·布朗以前在加州大学圣地亚哥分校服务教授，在那里他与爱丁堡大学的埃里克·劳里埃合作了一个项目。
served:服务
Mr. Leibovitz learned that the Qing government sent a whole delegation of boys to learn the ways of the West. The goal was for them to return to China and help their country.
莱博维茨了解到，清政府派了一批男孩去学习西方，目的是学成归国后方法国家。
ways:方法
LIEL LEIBOVITZ: "A little bit later on, I was delighted and amazed to discover that these boys, who later turned out to be very, very remarkable men, had left behind an archive of letters, of diaries, of closing articles detailing their entire journey and also what happened to them once they finally returned to China."
里尔·莱博维茨:"然后，我很高兴并惊奇地发现，这些男孩后来成了很了不起的人物，他们留下的信件、档案、日记和文章详细记录了整个旅程，和回到中国后的经历。"
amazed:惊奇
LIEL LEIBOVITZ: "A little bit later on, I was delighted and amazed to discover that these boys, who later turned out to be very, very remarkable men, had left behind an archive of letters, of diaries, of closing articles detailing their entire journey and also what happened to them once they finally returned to China."
里尔·莱博维茨:"然后，我很高兴并惊讶地发现，这些男孩后来成了很了不起的人物，他们留下的信件、档案、日记和文章详细记录了整个旅程，和返回中国后的经历。"
returned:返回
The same was true of the fathers of Chinese education, diplomacy and the Navy. The book-writers had only to open some boxes containing the writings of these men to learn about them.
这本书的作者们只能打开装有这些人书的一些箱子去了解他们，他们的笔记、日记、信件和明信片都是英文写的。
book:书
There’s a freshness to the 29 year old singer. She’s also an actor at a mime, a contrast to the pop trends common among her contemporaries.
这个29岁的歌手身上还有新鲜的东西，她同时还是滑稽戏米米，而这与她的同龄人所认为的流行趋势是相反的。
mime:米米
Although the instrument is played in Egypt, El-Hawary evokes French style that she balances with Middle Eastern melodies.
”虽然是在埃及演奏手风琴，但是El -Hawary将中东地区美妙的音乐旋律与法国旋律进行了平衡，将其结合起来。
melodies:旋律
The song went viral catching attention of the Fair Play judges in Brazil where she will receive her prize in November and take part in the Voice Against Corruption Festival.
”这首歌引起了巴西的公平竞争比赛评委们的注意，El -Hawary将在11月到巴西去接受这个奖项，参加“用你的声反对腐败”庆祝活动。
Voice:声
6 forts and 27 coastal batteries guard Russian island in the Sea of Japan.
这里有6个要塞，以及27个海岸电池，保卫着俄罗斯在日本海的岛屿。
batteries:电池
Here on Russian island, on the Sea of Japan, the Kremlin has built this bridge and this university campus to open Russia’s doors to Asia. Russia’s goal is to double its trade with Asia Pacific partners.
在这个位于日本海的俄罗斯岛上，俄罗斯桥了大桥和大学，希望能打开与亚洲交往的大门，目标是将与亚太地区伙伴的贸易翻倍。
bridge:桥
One million square kilometers were constructed.” Vladivostok's upgrade is so abrupt that the cruise ship had to be floated in to house 500 summit participants.
海参崴的升级改造是如此的突然，以致不得不浮动一艘游轮，用于接待500名参加峰会的人员。
floated:浮动
Infosys and Wipro, as well as scores of other Indian firms, now have substantial operations there.
现在印孚瑟斯（Infosys）和威普罗（Wipro），以及其他同等级的印度公司，也有大量的企业在那。
firms:企业
Wages in the Philippines are slightly higher than in India since the Filipino accent commands a premium.
在菲律宾，因为员工的口音要求，需要保险费额外的费用，他们的工资比印度人还要高一些。
premium:保险费
Mr Richard, a former board member, joined the firm in 2009 as heir apparent to Mr Lombard, with the blessing of the government, which still holds a 27% stake.
2009年Richard以董事身份加入电信集团，政府指定他接任Lombard的位置，现在他仍有27%的赌注。
stake:赌注
Mr Lombard was not close to the current administration, whereas Mr Richard is.
现在Richard所在的行政将Lombard排除在外。
administration:行政
“Stéphane Richard is far more attuned to the market than Didier Lombard,” says Xavier Niel, founder of Iliad, a young telecoms firm which has upended the French broadband market.
Xavier Niel是伊里亚特公司的创建者，这家公司成立时间不长，却逆转性地掌握了法国的宽带坚固，Xavier Niel这样评价Richard ：“在把握市场这方面，Didier Lombard远逊于St éphane Richard。
firm:坚固
Already, while at the finance ministry, Mr Richard demonstrated a strong belief in the beneficial effects of competition by helping Iliad obtain a mobile licence in the face of fierce resistance from the incumbents and their political allies.
当Richard还在财政部供职同时，曾协力伊里亚特公司取得3G牌照，尽管面对当局和政治同盟的重重阻力，Richard仍公开表示支持，他深信这样做有利于市场竞争。
while:同时
Already, while at the finance ministry, Mr Richard demonstrated a strong belief in the beneficial effects of competition by helping Iliad obtain a mobile licence in the face of fierce resistance from the incumbents and their political allies.
当Richard还在财政部供职时，曾协力伊里亚特公司获得3G牌照，尽管面对当局和政治同盟的重重阻力，Richard仍公开表示支持，他深信这样做有利于市场竞争。
obtain:获得
Already, while at the finance ministry, Mr Richard demonstrated a strong belief in the beneficial effects of competition by helping Iliad obtain a mobile licence in the face of fierce resistance from the incumbents and their political allies.
当Richard还在财政部供职时，曾协力伊里亚特公司取得3G牌照，尽管面对当局和政治盟友的重重阻力，Richard仍公开表示支持，他深信这样做有利于市场竞争。
allies:盟友
With its premium products and pricing in France, which provides two-thirds of its cashflow, France Telecom’s market share and profits are being eroded by newcomers such as Iliad, which will launch its new mobile service in 2012.
凭着优质的产品和有竞争力的价格，法国电信在国内的利润占到运作资金的2/ 3，然而，外来者正在蚕食国内市场份额和利润，比如伊里亚特就将在2012年推出新的3G服务。
profits:利润
Mrs. Clinton is the first US Secretary of State to visit East Timor. The visit includes the meeting with the newly elected Timorese President Taur Matan Ruak and Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao.
克林顿是第一位访问东帝汶的美国国务卿，这次访问的内容包括：与新当选的东帝汶总统塔乌尔·马坦·鲁瓦克和古斯芒参观。
visit:参观
Mrs. Clinton is the first US Secretary of State to visit East Timor. The visit includes the meeting with the newly elected Timorese President Taur Matan Ruak and Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao.
克林顿是第一位访问东帝汶的美国国务卿，这次访问的内容包括：与新当选的东帝汶总统塔乌尔·马坦·鲁瓦克和古斯芒参观。
visit:参观
Our BBC correspondent at the convention says Mr. Clinton is more popular than ever and a key asset for President Obama in his campaign for reelection.
在公约的BBC记者说，克林顿比以前更受欢迎，是总统奥巴马再度当选的重要资源。
convention:公约
They have also discovered a vast rate of DAN switches, 4 million of them, which control genes.
他们还发现400万个开关基因的DNA转换器。
switches:开关
The Israeli military confirmed the attack which it said targeted a group of militants preparing to fire rockets, said Israel, from the center of the Gaza Strip.
以色列军方确认这件事，称袭击是针对一批武装人员的，这些人准备在加沙中心中心发动火箭弹。
center:中心
The unite is one of four which powered the station with energy from solar panels.
这是四台为太空站有动力太阳能板能量的设备之一。
powered:有动力
That means equipment.” While in Israel, Mr. Romney also had strong words for Iran’s leaders. “We should employ any and all measures to dissuade the Iranian regime from its nuclear course.
在访问以色列期间，罗姆尼也对伊朗领导人措辞强硬：“我们要采取所有可能措施来阻止伊朗政权发展核计划，我们强烈希望通过外交和经济手段达到此目的。”
While:期间
Mr. Romney has referred to Russia as America’s number one geopolitical foe.
”罗姆尼曾称俄罗斯为美国的头号地缘政治敌人。
foe:敌人
The conduct of the war in Afghanistan is another issue where Romney is seeking to highlight difference from not on the planned 2014 withdraw of U.S combat forces: “As of now, 2014 is on the schedule. And Mr. Romney’s prepared to abide by if the military is comfortable.”
”关于阿富汗战争，关于美国计划2014年撤军问题，也是罗姆尼计划着重强调他与奥巴马看法不同的另一个问题：“目前2014的撤军计划正在按日程表进行，如果军方表示满意，罗姆尼会遵守这个撤军计划的。”
planned:计划
The conduct of the war in Afghanistan is another issue where Romney is seeking to highlight difference from not on the planned 2014 withdraw of U.S combat forces: “As of now, 2014 is on the schedule. And Mr. Romney’s prepared to abide by if the military is comfortable.”
”关于阿富汗战争，关于美国日程表2014年撤军问题，也是罗姆尼想着重强调他与奥巴马看法不同的另一个问题：“目前2014的撤军日程表正在按日程表进行，如果军方表示满意，罗姆尼会遵守这个撤军日程表的。”
schedule:日程表
And in Africa, Foreign Policy Advisor Zakheim says Romney would continue to support programs that promote development and health and those that battle terrorism.
关于非洲，外交政策顾问扎克海姆说，罗姆尼将继续促进帮助非洲发展和健康事业的计划，并促进与恐怖主义战斗的力量。
promote:促进
"The private sector needs to stand up for the system that will allow you to thrive over the long run.
“私营企业需要站出来站立这个会让你在长期发展中茁壮成长的体系。
stand:站立
These elusive animals have fascinated Miriam Darlington, a poet, since childhood, when she first read “Ring of Bright Water”, Gavin Maxwell's classic 1960 tale about living with otters.
诗人米丽亚姆.达林顿从她儿时第一次读到《闪亮的水环》开始,便对这种神秘动物非常着迷，这本书是加文·马克斯韦尔20世纪60年代经典的经典小说，讲述的是一个与水獭共处的故事。
classic:经典
“Never mind the slippery reality it portrays,” she writes, “the spell of its otters took hold of me long ago and I still long to see one in the wild.”
“千万不要介意其光滑的外在”她写到，“水獭的魔力早已将我牢牢吸引，我现在仍然长能在野外看到水獭。
long:长
“Never mind the slippery reality it portrays,” she writes, “the spell of its otters took hold of me long ago and I still long to see one in the wild.”
“千万不要介意其光滑的外在”她写到，“水獭的魔力早已将我牢牢吸引，我现在仍然长能在野外看到水獭。
long:长
This mesmerising book describes her year-long quest across Britain, from Devon to Scotland, Cumbria to Wales, through seductive wild places and changing seasons, for a glimpse of otters and to meet people who dedicate their lives to them.
”这是一本让人爱不释手的书，描述了她在英国长达一年的探险水獭之旅，从德文郡到苏格兰，再从坎布里亚到威尔士，穿过魅人的原野，亲历季节变迁，就为一睹水獭容颜和遇到致力于水獭研究的人们。
quest:探险
Ms Darlington's own lyrical prose is often beautifully evocative: a male otter is “supple as rope made out of silk”; a female swimming underwater moves in a “ripple-wake”; the “thin curves” of a mother and cub “slip together into the twilight, like fierce, muscled ribbons, darkening into the ribbon of the stream.”
”达林顿女士自己的诗词常常让人产生唯美的浮想：雄性水獭就像“丝绳般灵活”；水底潜游的雌水獭动起来就如“水波乍起”；水獭母亲的和幼崽“一同消失在暮色里而产生的“苗条曲线”，就像锋利而强劲的丝带，潜入波浪阵阵的水流深处。”
ripple:波浪
Ms Darlington's own lyrical prose is often beautifully evocative: a male otter is “supple as rope made out of silk”; a female swimming underwater moves in a “ripple-wake”; the “thin curves” of a mother and cub “slip together into the twilight, like fierce, muscled ribbons, darkening into the ribbon of the stream.”
”达林顿女士自己的诗词常常让人产生唯美的浮想：雄性水獭就像“丝绳般灵活”；水底潜游的雌水獭动起来就如“水波乍起”；水獭母亲的和幼崽“一同消失在暮色里而产生的“苗条曲线”，就像锋利而强劲的丝带，潜入波纹阵阵的河流深处。”
stream:河流
She chronicles the species' dramatic decline to near extinction between the 1950s and late 1970s, thanks to hunting for sport, habitat loss and the use of certain pesticides in farming.
她全程日记了20世纪50年代到70年代期间，由于猎杀行为、栖息地的丧失和农耕时某些杀虫剂的使用，导致水獭数量剧减，濒临灭绝的过程。
chronicles:日记
She chronicles the species' dramatic decline to near extinction between the 1950s and late 1970s, thanks to hunting for sport, habitat loss and the use of certain pesticides in farming.
她全程记录了20世纪50年代到70年代期间，由于猎杀行为、栖息地的丧失和农耕时某些杀虫剂的使用，导致水獭数量衰落，濒临灭绝的过程。
decline:衰落
Syrian activists say government air strikes have destroyed a main pipeline supplying water to the city of Aleppo during a day of intense bombardment.
叙利亚活动人士称经过一天的猛烈轰炸，政府空袭摧毁了一条通向阿勒颇市的主要道。
main:主要
Syrian activists say government air strikes have destroyed a main pipeline supplying water to the city of Aleppo during a day of intense bombardment.
叙利亚供应人士称经过一天的猛烈轰炸，政府空袭摧毁了一条通向阿勒颇市的输水管道。
supplying:供应
Rishma Masih had her head covered in a scarf only surround by security personnel as she was rushed into a helicopter heading for an undisclosed location.
Rishma Masih头戴围巾，在只有安全人员的陪同下冲向一架直升机，飞机匆忙何方不得而知。
rushed:匆忙
It's a clear sign that the insurgency is not caring at all about the civilian population, and they are misusing teenagers for their brutal attacks.
这显然说明，叛乱并不在乎平民，他们滥用青少年进行野蛮袭击。
insurgency:叛乱
In tennis, Britain's Andy Murray has beaten Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic to reach the US Open final and plushing medals in New York.
网球方面，英国的安迪·穆雷被打败捷克共和国的伯蒂奇，即将参加纽约的美国公开赛决赛力争再次得奖。
beaten:被打败
In tennis, Britain's Andy Murray has beaten Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic to reach the US Open final and plushing medals in New York.
网球方面，英国的安迪·穆雷打败捷克共和国的伯蒂奇，即将参加纽约的美国公开赛决赛力争再次奖牌。
medals:奖牌
The attacks on U.S. missions in Libya, Egypt and Yemen highlight how easily passions against the nominal ally of those countries can be ignited.
美国在利比亚,埃及及也门的攻击任务显现出反对这些名义上的盟友盟友的烈焰可以多么容易点燃。
ally:盟友
An obscure, crudely-made American video mocking the Prophet Muhammed triggered rage and murder.
而美国人的一个暗淡的，粗制滥造的嘲讽先知穆罕默德的视频就招来了愤怒和仇杀。
obscure:暗淡
Sadek argues extremists on both sides got what they wanted: for one, proof that Islam is violent, for the other, that America is the enemy of their religion - points scored at the expense of those in the middle, including slain U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens.
”萨德克争论双方的极端分子都得到了他们想要的:首先,证明伊斯兰教极度暴力,其次,美国对他们的宗教来说是大敌—而其中的开支则是关键点,包括被杀的美国大使克里斯·史蒂文斯。
expense:开支
Each side is provoking something and then the others are responding and they try to push the silent majority into extremism and suspicion and intolerance,” Sadek said.
每当一方挑起某些事端,另一方会马上挑衅回应,然后双方试图把沉默的大多数人归结为极端主义，怀疑和不宽容。”萨德克说道。
provoking:挑衅
President Obama did not order that movie about Islam is made.
奥巴马总统没有下令电影这部关于伊斯兰教的电影。
movie:电影
It's a dynamic that has played out several times in recent years, with Danish cartoons of the prophet and other western images deemed insulting provoking bursts of outrage.
”随着近年来先知丹麦卡通和其他西方图像被被认为无礼激怒挑衅以来，这是动态的,而且已经播放了很多次。
deemed:被认为
It's a dynamic that has played out several times in recent years, with Danish cartoons of the prophet and other western images deemed insulting provoking bursts of outrage.
”随着近年来先知丹麦卡通和其他西方图像被视为无礼愤怒挑衅以来，这是动态的,而且已经播放了很多次。
outrage:愤怒
But prices are still twice as high as they were ten years ago. Demand remains high for food commodities like maize and wheat.
卡尔佩说粮农组织价格指数维持比2011年最高高低10%左右，但价格仍比十年前高一倍。
high:高
But prices are still twice as high as they were ten years ago. Demand remains high for food commodities like maize and wheat.
卡尔佩说粮农组织价格指数维持比2011年最高高低10%左右，但价格仍比十年前高一倍。
high:高
She says there will be ups and downs in prices until production meets the level of demand.
”她说粮价会高低起伏，直到产量满足需求在那儿。
there:在那儿
Healthy beehives have at least twenty-thousand bees, and that’s a lot of mouths to feed.
健康的蜂窝里面大概会有2万只蜜蜂，它们需要很多的饲料来生存。
feed:饲料
Some bees on the outside of the ball will not stay warm enough and will die over the course of the winter, but its for the good of the colony. (Fortunately, we humans have central heat.)
一些靠近蜂球外围的蜜蜂会因为不能保持温暖而在漫长的冬天里死去，但是这也是为了整个人类的利益（幸好我们人类有集中供暖）。
humans:人类
m:I heard that theory but problem is that there isn’t as much charred plant debris as you’d expect if there really were such giant fires.
m:我听过这种理论，问题是如你所说有一场巨大的火灾，但并没有像你期望的那么多的焦焦植物碎片发现。
charred:焦焦
First it would have vaporized the oil, then ignited it in the atmosphere, creating a huge, sky-bound fireball.
可能行星在墨西哥湾一巨大油田中部爆炸，石油蒸发，并在天空中着火，形成巨大的火球驶向天空。
sky:天空
A new type of cell may bring "solar" energy indoors.
利用染料带来能量转化。
bring:带来
Much of the light these cells used would, of necessity, come from incandescent bulbs, fluorescent tubes and light-emitting diodes (LEDs) rather than through the window from the sun.
它们所利用的光能中的大部分势必来自白炽灯，日光灯和发光LED，而并非透过窗户照射进来的太阳光。
LEDs:LED
The latest version of its special, dye-based photoelectric devices has set a new record for the conversion of light from bulbs into electricity: an efficiency of 26%, compared with the 15% which previous ones can manage.
它的独特之处在于其基于染料的光电转换设置，该装置最新版本的转换效率已经从上一代的15%提高到创纪录的26%。
conversion:转换
The difference is that in the case of silicon cells, this conversion happens directly.
不同之处在于硅型光电池的光电转换过程是直接进行的。
conversion:转换
Silicon-based solar cells have been optimised for sunlight. But artificial light, whether of the incandescent, fluorescent or LED variety, contains a different mixture of frequencies from that put out by the sun.
硅型阳光电池是面向于太阳阳光的，而对于各种人造阳光源，无论是白炽灯，日阳光灯还是LED灯，它们发出的阳光的混合了多种频率，且与太阳阳光的不同。
sunlight:阳光
Besides being tweakable to match the spectrum of a light-bulb, dye-based cells also work well in dim or diffuse light of the sort often found indoors.
除了能根据灯泡光的光谱对吸光性能进行微调外，即使是在常见于室内的昏暗或漫射的匹配情况下，染料型光电池也能够正常工作。
match:匹配
Steven Burt, G24's chief financial officer, talks of light-bulb-powered TV remote controls, smoke detectors and computer keyboards. (A non-removable internal battery would store charge for use when the lights are off.)
G24的财务总监——Steve Burt谈到可用灯泡光进行控制的有电视遥控器，烟雾检测器和电脑键盘（无灯光时其内置的电池会发挥作用）。
controls:控制
Eventually, says Mr Burt, the ability of dye-based cells to produce useful quantities of power even in dim and diffuse light could see them used outside, perhaps on rooftops in cloudier parts of the world-a market at present dominated by traditional, silicon-based cells, even though they are not well-suited to the purpose.
染料型光电池在昏暗光或漫射光的照射条件下依然能够产生数量可观的电能，Burt先生认为这项能力将会促使其在室外的推广应用，也许可以安装在多云天气外面的建筑物屋顶上（目前这片市场中占统治地位的还是传统的硅型光电池，虽然效果并不太突出）。
outside:外面
That is the question addressed by Shaul Shalvi, a psychologist at the University of Amsterdam, in a paper just published in Psychological Science. Dr Shalvi and his colleagues, Ori Eldar and Yoella Bereby-Meyer of Ben-Gurion University in Israel, wanted to know if the impulse to cheat is something that grows or diminishes when the potential cheater has time for reflection on his actions.
"这是由阿姆斯特丹大学的一位心理学家——Shaul Shalvi，在《心理科学》杂志上发表的一篇论文中所提出的问题. Shalvi博士和他的两位同事——以色列Ben -Gurion大学的Ori Eldar和Yoella Bereby -Meyer，希望知道如果那些潜在的骗子有时间对他们的行为出版充分考虑，他们撒谎的冲动会否因此增强或减弱呢？
published:出版
Appropriately, the researchers' apparatus for their experiment was that icon of sinful activity, the gambling die.
研究人员为他们的实验选择了一样合适的工具—骰子—罪恶活动的图标。
icon:图标
Participants were told that a number of them, chosen at random, would earn ten shekels (about $2.50) for each pip of the numeral they rolled on the die.
参加者被告知他们中的一部分被随机抽选出来的，会依据其掷出的骰子点数而挣钱相应数目的奖励，每点10谢克尔（约合2.5美元）。
earn:挣钱
They were then instructed to shake their cups, check the outcome of the rolled die and remember this roll.
接着他们便按照指示摇盅，开盅查看结果，记住然后。
then:然后
Half of the participants were told to complete this procedure within 20 seconds while the others were given no time limit.
有一半参加者被要求在20 秒内完成整个实验流程，而另一半则没有同时限制。
while:同时
But they knew, statistically, that the average roll, if people reported honestly, should have been 3.5.
但他们知道，依照平均值规律，如果所有人都能做到如实上报点数，那么这次实验的平均掷出点数应为3.5。
average:平均值
Those forced to enter their results within 20 seconds, the researchers found, reported a mean roll of 4.6. Those who were not under any time pressure reported a mean roll of 3.9. Both groups lied, then.
他们发现，那组被要求于20 秒内输入结果的的参加者所上报的掷出点数中等为4.6，而另外没有时间压力的参加者的为3.9.显然这两组人都撒谎了，不过在那些有充分时间进行考虑的参加者中撒谎的较少。
mean:中等
Those forced to enter their results within 20 seconds, the researchers found, reported a mean roll of 4.6. Those who were not under any time pressure reported a mean roll of 3.9. Both groups lied, then.
他们发现，那组被要求于20 秒内输入结果的的参加者所上报的掷出点数中等为4.6，而另外没有时间压力的参加者的为3.9.显然这两组人都撒谎了，不过在那些有充分时间进行考虑的参加者中撒谎的较少。
mean:中等
Those forced to enter their results within 20 seconds, the researchers found, reported a mean roll of 4.6. Those who were not under any time pressure reported a mean roll of 3.9. Both groups lied, then.
他们发现，那组被要求于20 秒内输入结果的的参加者所上报的掷出然后平均值为4.6，而另外没有时间压力的参加者的为3.9.显然这两组人都撒谎了，不过在那些有充分时间进行考虑的参加者中撒谎的较少。
then:然后
Again, half were put under time pressure and, since there were no additional rolls to make, the restriction was changed from 20 seconds to eight. The others were allowed to consider the matter for as long as they wished.
同上次一样，他们中一半人被限制了时间，并且由于此次只需掷一次骰子，时间限制也从20s缩短为8s.其余一般限制想考虑多久都行。
restriction:限制
Again, half were put under time pressure and, since there were no additional rolls to make, the restriction was changed from 20 seconds to eight. The others were allowed to consider the matter for as long as they wished.
同上次一样，他们中一半人被限制了时间，并且由于此次只需掷一次骰子，时间限制也从20s缩短为8s.其余一般则考虑考虑多久都行。
consider:考虑
Without time for reflection, people will default to the mode labelled "cheat".
在缺少时间进行反射的情况下，人们会进入默认的"撒谎"模式。
reflection:反射
Though few readers will have the time and money, visiting all of these establishments would be a hugely enjoyable gastronomic education.
如能参观一下这些餐厅，那将会是一次愉快至极的美食体验，但很少读者能有足够的时间和金钱去实践。
visiting:参观
Mr Lander witnesses a patron angrily protest against these principles, only to be charmed into grateful acceptance by the proprietor.
兰德尔曾目睹一位赞助者对这些规矩大为火光，但最后为老板的风度所倾倒，都带着感激一一接受了。
patron:赞助者
Getting on with neighbours is essential: their objections to noise, smell and crowds can doom a place, even if the customers adore it.
和周边居民的反对也很重要，因为噪音、异味和人流可能会引起他们的反感，这样的话，即使餐厅深受顾客欢迎，也难以为继。
objections:反对
Amid such mysteries Mr Lander highlights qualities that almost all successful restaurateurs share.
成功的奥秘多不胜数，而兰德尔则强调了那些顶级餐厅经营者所具备的一些共同品质。
qualities:品质
Facing criticism from both left and right, and hemorrhaging support in the opinion polls, Mr Hollande said his government was lowering its growth forecast for the coming year and tightening up on spending.
奥朗德受到来自左翼和右翼的批评，民调显示对他的支持率大幅下降，奥朗德说政府降低了明年的增长预期，同时收缩开支。
lowering:降低
The victims included a female lawyer and an army intelligence officer. They were all killed in execution-style shootings using guns with silencers and in broad daylight.
受害人包括一名宽度律师和一名军队情报官员，他们都是光天化日之下被人用带消声器的手枪以处决方式杀死。
broad:宽度
The worst violence was in the capital Baghdad where mainly Shia suburbs were hit by a series of car bombs.
最严重的暴力发生在首都巴格达，什叶派主要聚居的郊区遭受系列汽车炸弹袭击。
suburbs:郊区
The army in Mali says it has shot dead 16 people in the central region of Segou after their vehicle failed to stop at a checkpoint.
马里部队称在中部塞古地区开枪打死16人，原因是这些人的车辆未能在一个检查站检查站。
checkpoint:检查站
Officials say the vehicle continued to move even after warning shots were fired by Malian troops.
官员称这辆车在接到警告后仍继续前进，然后马里军队就被开枪了。
fired:被开枪
For the first time, more than half the seats in the legislature are being directly elected with the rest chosen by different economic interest groups.
立法机构半数以上的席位直接选举产生，其余的由各个经济利益组织当选，这在香港还是第一次。
elected:当选
Mr Lopez Obrador accused Mr Pena Nieto of buying millions of votes in the July poll.
洛佩兹·奥夫拉多尔指控裴纳尼托在7月选举中花数百万购买选票。
buying:购买
Violent protests spread across the Arab World and other areas Friday over a private video produced in the United States.
周五，由于美国拍摄的以上私人视频，导致整个阿拉伯世界等地区爆发暴力抗议。
over:以上
"The Innocence of Muslims" was publicized by American clergyman Terry Jones. In recent years, his actions against the Quran, Islam's holy book, incited violence in Afghanistan.
《穆斯林的无知》是由美国牧师特里·琼斯书的，最近几年，他因反对伊斯兰的圣书《可兰经》在阿富汗引发暴力。
book:书
"The Innocence of Muslims" was publicized by American clergyman Terry Jones. In recent years, his actions against the Quran, Islam's holy book, incited violence in Afghanistan.
《穆斯林的无知》是由美国牧师特里·琼斯发布的，最近几年，他煽动反对伊斯兰的圣书《可兰经》在阿富汗引发暴力。
incited:煽动
I had the honor to serve as the US envoy to the Libyan opposition during the revolution. And I was thrilled to watch the Libyan people stand up and demand their rights.
我很荣幸成为革命期间美国驻利比亚反对派的使者，看到利比亚人民站起来需求权利，我很激动。
demand:需求
Building a solid partnership between the United States and Libya, to help you, the Libyan people, achieve their goals..."
来建筑物美利之间更牢固的伙伴关系，来帮助你们，帮助利比亚人民实现目标......”
Building:建筑物
PATRICK OBATH: "We normally do a survey every six months on the business community to look at the various indicators that show the way the economy is going and the kind of fears they have, so this is a regular thing that we do.
Patrick Obath ：“我们通常每6个月对商业界做一次调查，了解各种指标，看经济的运行事情和令人担心的因素，所以这是我们常规的工作。
thing:事情
The distance between waves is called “wavelength,” and it’s another secret of a tsunami’s strength.
波之间的波长被称为“波长”，这是海啸力量的另一个秘密。
wavelength:波长
While ordinary waves only tug at the surface water, tsunamischurn the water all the way to the deepest ocean floor!
尽管常波只是在水表面生成，但是海啸可以在最深的海底引起海洋波动使其产生。
ocean:海洋
This conservation-mode is experienced by you as a creeping sensation that the room is getting colder and colder, when in fact it is your own body that is generating less and less heat.
这种热模式你感觉起来像是房间变得越来越冷，而实际上是您的机体产生的热量越来越少。
heat:热
If you visit our website, you will find a Learning Guide for this episode, as you can for all of our episodes - almost all of our episodes.
如果大家浏览我们的网站，你们参观找到我们所有节目的‘学习向导’。
visit:参观
This particular commission by Gehry was consider his most interesting, and definitely his most famous.
而这个作品被考虑是Gehry最为有趣最名声在外的作品。
consider:考虑
If you ever visit Los Angeles, you will definitely want to see Walt Disney Concert Hall.
如果大家有机参观到洛杉矶，你一定参观对瓦特迪斯尼音乐大厅感兴趣。
visit:参观
It's considered one of the best examples of his particular work.
它被考虑是最具有代表性的作品。
considered:考虑
The term “blueprints” (blueprints - one word) refers to the drawings.
期限blueprints指的是草图。
term:期限
They're usually big pieces of paper that show where all the different parts of the building will go.
通常是一张很大的图纸，上面描绘了即将建筑的大楼明细。
building:建筑
Whenever you build a house or a large building, you need to have blueprints.
只要是修建房屋或者大型的房子，你都需要绘制草图/蓝图。
house:房子
Whenever you build a house or a large building, you need to have blueprints.
只要是建筑房屋或者大型的建筑物，你都需要绘制草图/蓝图。
building:建筑
Frank Gehry is considered someone who is very innovative in terms of the design of a building.
在建筑设计上，Frank Gehry被考虑最具有创新意识。
considered:考虑
The verb “to commemorate” means to remember, usually to remember or to show respect for someone or something in a formal ceremony where you have a formal event.
动词commemorate指的是在正式的场合用正式的仪式来表达对有或某物的敬意，并以此进行‘纪念/悼念’。
have:有
We would say on their “grave” (grave), which is the name we give the place where someone is buried in a cemetery.
我们也可以称之为grave -坟墓，坟墓埋葬的地方就叫做grave。
grave:坟墓
We would say on their “grave” (grave), which is the name we give the place where someone is buried in a cemetery.
我们也可以称之为grave -坟墓，坟墓埋葬的地方就叫做grave。
grave:坟墓
It is next to the state of Illinois. In the Indianapolis 500, you have professional racecar drivers - people who drive very fast cars - and they go around in a circle, around what we would call the “race track” (track).
在Indianapolis 500种族上能看到职业赛车手——也就是开快车的人，他们会沿着我们所谓的‘赛道’进行绕圈。
race:种族
Because Memorial Day is a national holiday, there are no public or government services on that day.
因为‘将士阵亡纪念日’是个全国性的节日，这天不会有公共服务，政府部门也不会服务。
services:服务
There's no mail delivery; the government offices are mostly closed, except the police and the fire, and most private companies give their employees the day off - they don't have to work.
例如，不会有送邮件；大多数的政府办公场所都大门紧闭，出了警署和消防部门；大多数的私人企业也会让员工放假而不用上班。
have:有
“As good as it gets” means it is the best that something will ever be; it will not get any better than this.
As 更好 as it gets的意思是，这是最好的东西；不会有比这更好的东西。
better:更好
You may say, “I hope that this is not as good as it gets,” meaning you hope that things will get better.
你就可以说，我可不想就这样一直糟糕下去。言下之意就是你希望事情会更好。
better:更好
“As good as it gets” - it won't get any better.
情况越来越坏，没什么更好。
better:更好
Many times people will say, “I want to go to a movie,” or“I saw a good film last night,” and they use the two words to mean the exact same thing - no difference.
很多时候，人们会说，我想去看电影；或者，我昨晚看了一部好电影，他们会使用这两个单词来看同样的意思。
saw:看
So, a film by Ingmar Bergman, the great director, or Alfred Hitchcock, those would probably be called films because they're considered at a higher level - a higher quality.
由优秀导演Ingmar Bergman和Alfred Hitchcock导演的电影也许会被称之为films，因为它们被考虑更有层次，更好。
considered:考虑
He smoked cheap (and smelly) cigars because he could not imagine spending as much as $2 on a stogie.
沃尔克则抽吸烟廉价（还有点难闻）的雪茄，原因是他最多肯为每支廉价雪茄支付2美元。
smoked:吸烟
He smoked cheap (and smelly) cigars because he could not imagine spending as much as $2 on a stogie.
沃尔克则抽着廉价（还有点难闻）的雪茄，原因是他最多肯为每支廉价雪茄开支2美元。
spending:开支
Milton Friedman saw him as insufficiently monetarist, and many in the Reagan White House regarded him with suspicion as a Democrat.
米尔顿·弗里德曼（Milton Friedman）被视为沃尔克的货币主义没做到位，而许多里根政府人士则对他的民主党身份抱有质疑。
regarded:被视为
He nearly failed to be reappointed in 1983 and almost resigned in 1986, when defeated on a key vote.
1983年，他差点投票继任美联储主席的提名；1986年则由于在一次关键性投票中落败，近乎提出辞呈。
vote:投票
Like an economic Henry Kissinger, Mr Volcker shuttled around the world to placate foreign allies in the face of Nixon's marked indifference to international economics.
同经济学家艾尔弗雷德·基辛格（Henry Kissinger）相似，沃尔克穿梭于世界各地安抚国际盟友，尽管当时尼克松对国际经济满不在乎。
allies:盟友
The sluggish growth and the legal cases besetting News Corp's publishing arm set it in sharp contrast to the group's robust film and television assets, which account for three-quarters of revenues and almost all operating profit.
集团的出版业务增长缓慢，官司不断，这使得该部门的资产与集团强劲的电影与电视部门相比相形见绌，后者为集团贡献了四分之三的收入，以及几乎所有的出版利润。
publishing:出版
The sluggish growth and the legal cases besetting News Corp's publishing arm set it in sharp contrast to the group's robust film and television assets, which account for three-quarters of revenues and almost all operating profit.
集团的出版业务增长缓慢，官司不断，这使得该部门的资产与集团强劲的电影与电视部门相比相形见绌，后者为集团贡献了四分之三的利润，以及几乎所有的营业利润。
profit:利润
(Update: The firm has since announced its plans for a split.)
（最新消息：更新集团已经对外宣布了分拆计划）。
Update:更新
Separating the publishing division and giving it a new boss may not be enough to overcome regulatory obstacles to News Corp taking full ownership of BSkyB. But it should help protect the entertainment businesses from the scandal's rising legal costs, and at least ward off pressure for News Corp to sell its existing stake.
尽管将新闻出版部分剥离出来并转由新的老板管理尚不足以使得新闻集团克服监管障碍，从而买下天空广播公司，但它能帮助集团的娱乐出版免受窃听门案件带来的诉讼成本高涨的影响，至少消除新闻集团出售现有股份的压力。
publishing:出版
Separating the publishing division and giving it a new boss may not be enough to overcome regulatory obstacles to News Corp taking full ownership of BSkyB. But it should help protect the entertainment businesses from the scandal's rising legal costs, and at least ward off pressure for News Corp to sell its existing stake.
尽管将新闻出版赌注剥离出来并转由新的老板管理尚不足以使得新闻集团克服监管障碍，从而买下天空广播公司，但它能帮助集团的娱乐业务免受窃听门案件带来的诉讼成本高涨的影响，至少消除新闻集团出售现有股份的压力。
stake:赌注
Separating the publishing division and giving it a new boss may not be enough to overcome regulatory obstacles to News Corp taking full ownership of BSkyB. But it should help protect the entertainment businesses from the scandal's rising legal costs, and at least ward off pressure for News Corp to sell its existing stake.
尽管将新闻出版部分剥离出来并转由新的老板管理尚不足以使得新闻集团克服监管障碍，从而买下天空广播公司，但它能帮助集团的娱乐业务免受窃听门案件带来的诉讼成本高涨的影响，至少消除新闻集团出售现有赌注的压力。
stake:赌注
Besides closing the News of the World in the wake of the hacking scandal, News Corp has recently rid itself of another sour asset, MySpace (an ailing social-media site), and initiated a $10 billion share buy-back (which will have the side-effect of enlarging the Murdochs' 40% stake).
除了在窃听门醒来之后关停《世界新闻报》，新闻集团最近还甩卖了（一家每况愈下的社交网站）聚友网这一不良资产，并发起了一项100 亿美元的股票回购计划（这将扩大默多克现在持有的40%的股份）。
wake:醒来
Besides closing the News of the World in the wake of the hacking scandal, News Corp has recently rid itself of another sour asset, MySpace (an ailing social-media site), and initiated a $10 billion share buy-back (which will have the side-effect of enlarging the Murdochs' 40% stake).
除了在窃听门事件之后关停《世界新闻报》，新闻集团最近还甩卖了（一家每况愈下的社交网站）聚友网这一不良资产，并发起了一项100 亿美元的股票回购计划（这将扩大默多克现在持有的40%的赌注）。
stake:赌注
The company has also made wise investments in sports broadcasting, which viewers still prefer to watch live (making it more attractive to advertisers).
同时，集团还对体育赛事播报进行投资，因为观众还是更偏好看现场直播（这对于广告商来说更具吸引力），此举非常英明。
prefer:偏好
BSkyB owns the lion's share of Britain's football rights, Fox has American football, and its cable network hosts NASCAR races.
天空广播公司拥有英国足球赛事的最大份额转播权，福克斯拥有美国足球的播放权，以及福克斯有线电视网络举办的纳斯卡赛车种族。
races:种族
Sumner Redstone remained chairman of both sides but Leslie Moonves, given the job of running the supposedly sluggish CBS part, showed that it could be revived-since when the shares of both businesses have risen.
维亚康姆分拆后，萨默·雷思东（Viacom的董事长兼CEO）仍然兼任两个公司的董事长，莱斯利·穆恩维斯( CBS的总裁)则负责运营被认为萧条的哥伦利比亚广播公司（CBS），他们认为分拆后CBS留下的复兴。
remained:留下的
A Yemeni government website says that the deputy leader of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been killed.
也门政府网站称基地组织驻也门语副领导人被杀。
Yemeni:也门语
The Somali parliament has elected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the country's new president.
索马里议会当选哈桑·谢赫·马哈茂德担任该国总统。
elected:当选
Foreign ministry official said last week that Mr. Xi would meet the visiting Danish Prime Minister but now denied the meeting / ever scheduled.
外交部官员上周称X会与参观的丹麦总理会面，但现在取消了安排好的会面。
visiting:参观
A local prosecutor said all the bodies had multiple bullet wounds. Police believed the 16 men who are yet to be identified could be the victims of an ongoing turf war between two drug cartels, the Michoacan Family and the Knights Templar.
当地检察官称这些尸体身上有多处枪伤，警方认为这些身份未定的死者应该是两大毒枭米却肯家族和圣殿坦普勒旷日持久地盘站的牺牲品。
Templar:坦普勒
The Canadian government says it has begun the process of revoking citizenship from more than 3,000 people who it says obtained it fraudulently. The government action follows a three-year investigation into immigration fraud.
加拿大政府称已开始撤销3000多名声称非法获得的公民身份者的身份，这次行动之前，政府已经进行了三年的非法移民调查。
obtained:获得的
Mr. Kenney said a total of 11,000 individuals may have obtained the Canadian citizenship improperly.
肯尼说总共有1.1万有通过不当途径获得加拿大公民身份。
have:有
Mr. Kenney said a total of 11,000 individuals may have obtained the Canadian citizenship improperly.
肯尼说总共有1.1万个人通过不当途径获得的加拿大公民身份。
obtained:获得的
I need to concentrate, the race is about to finish and I've got a bet on.
我需要集中精力，种族就要结束了，我可是押了钱在上面的。
race:种族
Li: Well, you owe me five pounds and you did say you would buy me a glass of champagne if you won a race.
嗯，你欠了我5英镑。而且你说过要是你赢了种族，你会请我喝香槟。
race:种族
The cafe only served ham or beef sandwiches but as a vegetarian I was in a no-win situation.
咖啡馆里只有火腿或者牛肉三明治，作为素食者，我毫无选择！
cafe:咖啡馆
Li: Actually I also won some money – fifty pounds – so I'll buy you a drink, in fact I'll buy you something to eat too and you don't need to pay me back that five pounds.
所以我会请你吃！可能我还可以给你买点吃的，你也不用还我那五英镑了。
eat:吃
We are 5 hours east of the Capital City, Luanda, on the demining zone operated by the NGO, Norwegian People’s Aid.
我们现在在距离阿哥拉首都罗安达以东5小时的地方，名为“挪威人民的援助”的非政府非政府组织在这里扫雷。
NGO:非政府组织
“We have a team to sensibilize the people on the risks and on the danger of mines and other unexploded devices. They are very cautious of this and when they find something on the field, they let us know.
“我们有一个小组给当地人培训，让他们增加对风险，以及地雷和其他爆炸物带来的风险的敏感性，他们对这些比较小心，当在地上发现有异常情况时，他们就会告诉我们。
risks:风险
The Norwegian NGO works with the International Demining Commission, CNIDAH which coordinates the efforts of both NGOs and local demining teams.
”这个挪威的非政府非政府组织在与国际扫雷委员会CNIDAH进行合作，该委员会协调整个国家的扫雷行动。
NGO:非政府组织
The Norwegian NGO works with the International Demining Commission, CNIDAH which coordinates the efforts of both NGOs and local demining teams.
”这个挪威的非政府非政府组织在与国际扫雷委员会CNIDAH进行合作，该委员会协调整个国家的扫雷行动。
NGOs:非政府组织
Engineers David Sheffield and Doug Watt volunteer for a charity group called Remap. It designs technology to help disabled people.
残奥会运动员并非今年的新闻大事，用以帮助志愿人员运动员的技术的进步也引起了关注。
volunteer:志愿人员
Engineers David Sheffield and Doug Watt volunteer for a charity group called Remap. It designs technology to help disabled people.
残奥会运动员并非今年的新闻大事，用以帮助男女运动员的它的进步也引起了关注。
It:它
Peter Parry is chairman of the trustees at Remap. He says its volunteers built devices for three of the athletes at the Paralympic Games in London.
”彼得·帕里是Remap董事会主席，他说该组织志愿为伦敦残奥会三名运动员制造了轮椅，他说在允许使用的它的方面有很多规则。
its:它的
We can provide them with the pole to help them balance their body. But what we can't do is have things like springs or hydraulics also, which would give them an unfair advantage.
但我们不能用那些会提供他们不公平优势的弹簧或液压装置，这样就变成制造最好设备的竞赛，而不是最好运动员的比赛。
provide:提供
It’s a spectacular sight, as each four-minute-long eruption sends boiling water over a hundred and fifty feet high.
地下水柱受到沸腾的“岩浆”（即融化了的岩石）沸腾便会喷出地表，形成喷泉。
boiling:沸腾
What happens is this: The water column gradually heats, but high pressure keeps the deeper parts from boiling.
于是就有了这样的情况，水柱逐渐沸腾，但是高压使更深层的水无法沸腾。
boiling:沸腾
As the top turns to steam, this reduces the pressure on the deeper water–and lowers its boiling point!
当顶部的水变成蒸汽后，就减少了对深层水的压力-并减少其沸点。
reduces:减少
After each eruption, the column refills with cool water from an underground source, and the whole cycle begins again.
在每次喷发之后，地下的凉爽重新填满水柱，沉静喷发的循环又开始啦！
cool:凉爽
The ability to either fight or flee from a dangerous situation is perhaps the most basic behavior required of any animal.
战斗和逃跑危险或许是人和动物都必备的最基本的能力。
flee:逃跑
For people with panic attack, though, they can be both confusing and terrifying.
然而对于有惊恐发作的人来说，他们会感到混乱和恐慌。
panic:恐慌
One reason for it is simply the wealth of opportunity, says Cyril Allen II, a well-connected businessman in Liberia's capital, Monrovia.
利比里亚首都蒙罗维亚一家实力雄厚的家族式企业家，Cyril Allen二世表示，大量的说是造成这种现象的原因之一。
says:说
He and his family farm cocoa and coffee, run a cleaning business, lease out property and manage logistics for international companies.
他和他的家族种植可可树和咖啡树，经营一家清洁公司，租用租赁以及为跨国公司提供物流管理服务。
lease:租用
"We work based on relationships, so if I have a good relationship with a client, they might ask for another service," explains Njeri Rionge, an entrepreneur in Kenya whose interests extend from an internet provider to a management consultancy.
肯尼亚企业家Njeri Rionge的业务涉及网络接入到管理咨询服务等领域，他解释说："我们的服务基于关系网，这样如果我与客户维系一个良好的关系，客户就有可能会要求提供其他服务"。
service:服务
Necessity can also give rise to the creation of more than one company.
必要性会导致更多公司的创建。
Necessity:必要性
He keeps expanding his business portfolio, which now includes a life-insurance firm.
他不断的扩展公司的坚固组合，目前还包括了一家人寿保险公司。
firm:坚固
Key resources are scarce. Mid-level managers are in sufficient supply, but few are capable of running large businesses, which is why they often apply their talents in several firms simultaneously.
关键资源非常稀少，中型企业的经理可以获得充足的供应，但很少人有能力运行一家大型企业，这也是他们使人才同时从事不同企业的原因。
managers:经理
Financing is hard to come by (in many countries loans are granted for as little as 20 months); entrepreneurs find it easier to get several small loans for each business rather than a large chunk of money.
融资非常困难（在很多国家需要20个月才能拿到贷款），而商务家发现为几个商务单独申请小额贷款比一宗大笔贷款更加容易。
business:商务
Separate companies are often used to lower tax payments, says Bright Simons, an entrepreneur in Accra, Ghana's capital, who also works as a business analyst. A second firm might be formed to supply materials to the first, he explains, allowing the owner to adjust the prices and profits.
Bright Simons是加纳首都阿克拉的企业家，同时也是一名坚固分析师，他解释说，单独的公司通常缴纳较低的税金，而第二个公司为第一个提供原材料，这使得企业家可以调整产品的价格和利润。
firm:坚固
Separate companies are often used to lower tax payments, says Bright Simons, an entrepreneur in Accra, Ghana's capital, who also works as a business analyst. A second firm might be formed to supply materials to the first, he explains, allowing the owner to adjust the prices and profits.
Bright Simons是加纳首都阿克拉的企业家，同时也是一名商业分析师，他解释说，单独的公司通常缴纳较低的税金，而第二个公司为第一个提供原材料，这形成的企业家可以调整产品的价格和利润。
formed:形成的
But multitasking has its good sides, argues Ms Rionge, who in one of her parallel activities mentors young entrepreneurs. "It makes African business leaders agile and adaptable—both good skills that are absent in many developed economies."
但在自己的并行企业中培训青年企业家的Rionge女士认为，这种多企业的并行方式有着自身的好的，它培养了非洲企业领导人的灵活性和适应性，而这两种优秀技巧正是许多发达经济体中所欠缺的。
good:好的
But multitasking has its good sides, argues Ms Rionge, who in one of her parallel activities mentors young entrepreneurs. "It makes African business leaders agile and adaptable—both good skills that are absent in many developed economies."
但在自己的并行商务中培训青年商务家的Rionge女士认为，这种多商务的并行方式有着自身的优点，它培养了非洲商务领导人的灵活性和适应性，而这两种优秀技巧正是许多发达经济体中所欠缺的。
business:商务
But multitasking has its good sides, argues Ms Rionge, who in one of her parallel activities mentors young entrepreneurs. "It makes African business leaders agile and adaptable—both good skills that are absent in many developed economies."
但在自己的并行企业中培训青年企业家的Rionge女士认为，这种多企业的并行方式有着自身的好的，它培养了非洲企业领导人的灵活性和适应性，而这两种优秀技巧正是许多发达经济体中所欠缺的。
good:好的
But as IATA delegates assembled for their gala dinner on June 11th at the Great Hall of the People in Tiananmen Square, there was a ghost at the feast.
6月11日在天安门人民大会堂举办的宴会上，除了汇聚一堂的国际航协代表们，还有一个令人扫兴的幽灵。
feast:宴会
"It would be worse than 9/11," says Willie Walsh, the boss of IAG, which owns British Airways and Iberia.
"那将会比911 时还要更糟"国际航空集团（IAG，控股British Airways and Iberia）总裁Willie Walsh回答道。
worse:更糟
Delta is even now finalising a deal to buy an oil refinery.
Delta甚至正在敲定一桩买炼油厂的交易。
buy:买
The Chinese government has forbidden its airlines from participating in the ETS. It has even threatened to cancel orders placed by its airlines with Airbus.
中国政府禁止中国航空公司参与欧盟排放交易体系，甚至以取消国内航空公司与空客签下的订单参与威胁。
participating:参与
In Spain, one and a half million Catalans are marching through Barcelona to demand independence for their autonomous region.
在西班牙，五十万加泰罗尼亚人游行穿过巴塞罗那，需求所在的自治区独立出来。
demand:需求
In Spain, one and a half million Catalans are marching through Barcelona to demand independence for their autonomous region.
在西班牙，五十万加泰罗尼亚人游行穿过巴塞罗那，要求区域的自治区独立出来。
region:区域
Demonstrators fill the city center waving red and yellow flags and chanting "Catalonia, a new European country".
游行者挤满了市中心，他们手舞红黄色旗帜，高呼“加泰罗尼亚，欧洲新中心！
center:中心
Speaking to the BBC from a secret location outside Islamabad, Rimsha's father said he feared for their lives.
Rimsha的父亲在伊斯兰堡外向BBC记者表示很害怕家人的性命。
feared:害怕
Thousands of protesters have gathered outside the American embassy in the Egyptian capital Cairo to express their anger at a film produced in the US which they say humiliates the prophet Mohamed.
在埃及首都开罗，上万抗议者聚集在美国使馆外表达对外面在美国拍摄的影片的愤怒，他们称电影侮辱了他们的先知穆罕默德。
outside:外面
In the port city of Karachi, 20 workers died in a garment factory fire.
在海港城市卡拉奇，20名工人在一家衣服大火中死亡。
garment:衣服
Road access to Bolivia's main city, La Paz, has been blocked off by miners demanding that the government hand over part of a tin and zinc mine.
在玻利维亚，通往大城市拉巴斯的道路被矿工封锁，他们要求政府交出某锡锌矿的以上。
over:以上
The Colquiri mine, which used to belong to Swiss company Glencore, was expropriated by the government in June.
Colquiri矿原本属于瑞士公司嘉能可，6月份属于政府占为己有。
belong:属于
During a visit to Beijing this month, Secretary of State Hilary Clinton said Washington’s stance is clear:
在本月对北京的访问中，国务卿希拉里·克林顿称美国的立场非常明确：
stance:立场
Defense Analyst Andrew Krephinvich at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments in Washington says China’s rapid development of its military arsenal raises concerns about possible Chinese expansionism.
Andrew Krephinvich是总部在华盛顿的战略和预算评估中心的防卫分析员，他说中国军事力量的快速发展增加了大家对可能的中国扩张主义的担心：
Analyst:分析员
Her latest collection combines redesigned traditional Pakistan styles with original art pieces painted on silk.
她的最新收藏将重新重新设计的巴基斯坦传统风格与绘制在丝绸上的原始艺术相结合。
redesigned:重新设计
Artist Anjum Noon painted these images first on canvas, then on the fabric.
艺术家安吉姆·诺恩在画布上绘制这些图片,然后是在帆布上。
canvas:帆布
He is a leader in the sign-making industry – a real big gun, if you know what I mean.
他是广告牌制造行业的领军人物——他可是个大人物，你知道我的意思。
making:制造
He wanted to sell shares in the company to the general public.
他想向公众出售公司的股票。
sell:出售
Lint is a collection of tiny, loose fibers that come off your clothes due to normal wear and tear.
绒线是一些小小的散林特，他们通常在洗涤过程或者是撕扯中产生。
Lint:林特
Thus were you to load the washer with clothes of only one color—say a uniform purple—the lint would indeed be of that color.
因此如果在洗衣机里搁置的是一种颜色的衣服，例如紫色，那绒线就是紫色。
clothes:衣服
Thus were you to load the washer with clothes of only one color—say a uniform purple—the lint would indeed be of that color.
因此如果在洗衣机里搁置的是一种颜色的制服，例如紫色，那绒线就是紫色。
uniform:制服
This phenomenon is exploited by painters, who sometimes put tiny dots of different primary colors right next to each other on a canvas to create the illusion of a rich, single hue when viewed all together.
这种现象常被画家被剥削，他们经常在一张画布上把不同的原色挨着绘在一起，而造就出一种整体看来是浓郁单色的景象。
exploited:被剥削
If you pull apart a piece of lint carefully you will see that it is indeed composed of multiple colored threads; but as soon as you back away from it, the gray sensation returns.
如果你编写的的扯开一团棉绒，你会发现他实际上是由多种颜色的线头组成。但你把它揉回去之后，看见的又是灰色。
composed:编写的
In an idealized situation, where the threads contained all the primary colors in equal amounts, and were not obscured by dirt and other residues, the lint would appear to be white, not gray.
在所有原色的线头数量相等，并且没有出现灰尘抑或其他的残渣遮盖的理想情况之下，那些绒线应该是白色的而不是灰色。
appear:出现
But then, if your lint were clean enough to see that effect clearly, you’d never need to wash your clothes.
但是如果你的衣服已经能呈现出那样的效果，就再也没有必要洗衣服啦！
clothes:衣服
What’s going on is this: While you were pressing, your muscles learned that they needed to be pretty stiff to stay in the same place. Stepping out of the doorway changed all that–and very suddenly.
一切缘由如下：在您用力压的时候，肌肉感知到需要崩得很紧才能处于同样的位置，而走出门口之后一切在瞬间改变，肌肉感受新情形需要花费一些期间，在这期间，手臂仍然保持在一种向外继续按压已经不存在的门框的状态。
While:期间
Researchers at the University of Illinois used a special open-air research facility that allowed them to grow soybean plants in different concentrations of CO2—without changing other factors such as sunlight, insects or rainfall.
伊利诺伊大学的研究人员采用了特殊的露天研究设施，这些设施可以使他们在不同浓度的二氧化碳中种植大豆植物-不用生长其他的因素，如阳光，昆虫，或者雨水。
grow:生长
Since soybeans grown at higher CO2 would lose a crucial defense pathway and attract more hungry beetles, other food crops might also be more vulnerable if CO2 levels continue to rise.
既然在高二氧化碳环境中种植的大豆会失去防御的关键通道并引来更多饥饿的蜜蜂，如果二氧化碳浓度继续升高的话，其它粮食作物可能也会变得更加脆弱。
beetles:蜜蜂
And though Mr Godley's good looks and elongated figure might seem to have been tailor-made for El Greco, El Greco being unavailable, it was Epstein who took him as the model for a huge bronze statue of St Michael that hangs on the outside of Coventry Cathedral, with the devil vanquished at his feet.
此外，尽管戈德利英俊的外貌和高高的身材似乎是为埃尔·格雷考（十七世纪西班牙画家、雕塑家——译者注）量身定做的模特儿，但格雷考无福消受。把戈德利作为圣迈克尔巨型青铜塑像模特儿的是爱泼斯坦，这尊塑像立于考文垂大教堂外面，其脚下是似乎征服的魔鬼。
seem:似乎
And though Mr Godley's good looks and elongated figure might seem to have been tailor-made for El Greco, El Greco being unavailable, it was Epstein who took him as the model for a huge bronze statue of St Michael that hangs on the outside of Coventry Cathedral, with the devil vanquished at his feet.
此外，尽管戈德利英俊的外貌和高高的身材似乎是为埃尔·格雷考（十七世纪西班牙画家、雕塑家——译者注）量身定做的模特儿，但格雷考无福消受。把戈德利接受圣迈克尔巨型青铜塑像模特儿的是爱泼斯坦，这尊塑像立于考文垂大教堂外面，其脚下是被征服的魔鬼。
took:接受
And though Mr Godley's good looks and elongated figure might seem to have been tailor-made for El Greco, El Greco being unavailable, it was Epstein who took him as the model for a huge bronze statue of St Michael that hangs on the outside of Coventry Cathedral, with the devil vanquished at his feet.
此外，尽管戈德利英俊的外貌和高高的身材似乎是为埃尔·格雷考（十七世纪西班牙画家、雕塑家——译者注）量身定做的模特儿，但格雷考无福消受。把戈德利作为圣迈克尔巨型青铜塑像模特儿的是爱泼斯坦，这尊塑像立于考文垂大聖堂外面，其脚下是被征服的魔鬼。
Cathedral:聖堂
In the 1970s he took the view, which he recognised as dissenting, that international trade should be, as he put it, “in some sense, managed” through import controls, adding unpersuasively that this was not really protectionism, since he did not want to reduce imports, merely the propensity to import; and protection should be “as minimally selective as possible”.
在上世纪70年代，他发表观点（他感觉到此观点不受欢迎）：国际贸易应该像他所指出的那样是通过进口管制实现的“某种意义上的管理”，他还缺乏说服力地补充这确实不是贸易保护主义，因为他并不主张减少进口，只是减少进口倾向；应当“尽可能最少地选择”贸易保护措施。
sense:感觉
He was also proved largely right in foreseeing the severity of the recession that came later under Margaret Thatcher.
对后来撒切尔夫人时期严重经济衰退的预计，也证明证明是大体上正确的。
proved:证明
He was supremely happy at Oxford, where his tutor was Isaiah Berlin, to whom he said he owed all his higher education.
在牛津大学，韦恩快乐无比，他的牛津大学老师是赛亚·伯林，他曾说过他所受的全部的高等教育都是从柏林那儿得来的。
tutor:老师
But, he wrote, “Nora [his stepmother] shot herself in the head with a shotgun; my father, his entire fortune squandered, died alone in a hospital where the nurses were unkind to him; my half-sister was committed to a high-security mental institution at Epsom; my mother had a bad stroke and lived out her last six years hemiplegic and helpless, her mind altered.
不过，他著述称：“继母诺拉浪费猎枪结束了自己的生命；我父亲花光家财，在一家受尽护士冷眼的医院里孤独离世；我同父异母的妹妹被送进埃普索姆一家管理严格的精神病院；我母亲严重中风，在偏瘫无助中度过生命的最后六年，并改变了观点。
squandered:浪费
But, he wrote, “Nora [his stepmother] shot herself in the head with a shotgun; my father, his entire fortune squandered, died alone in a hospital where the nurses were unkind to him; my half-sister was committed to a high-security mental institution at Epsom; my mother had a bad stroke and lived out her last six years hemiplegic and helpless, her mind altered.
不过，他著述称：“继母诺拉用猎枪结束了自己的生命；我父亲花光家财，在一家受尽护士冷眼的医院里孤独离世；我同父异母的妹妹活下来送进埃普索姆一家管理严格的精神病院；我母亲严重中风，在偏瘫无助中度过生命的最后六年，并改变了观点。
lived:活下来
But, he wrote, “Nora [his stepmother] shot herself in the head with a shotgun; my father, his entire fortune squandered, died alone in a hospital where the nurses were unkind to him; my half-sister was committed to a high-security mental institution at Epsom; my mother had a bad stroke and lived out her last six years hemiplegic and helpless, her mind altered.
不过，他著述称：“继母诺拉用猎枪最后了自己的生命；我父亲花光家财，在一家受尽护士冷眼的医院里孤独离世；我同父异母的妹妹被送进埃普索姆一家管理严格的精神病院；我母亲严重中风，在偏瘫无助中度过生命的最后六年，并改变了观点。
last:最后
Three other Americans were also killed. It happened during a protest over a film deemed insulting of the prophet Mohammed, but it isn't clear whether the attackers were linked to the protest.
事发之时正发生一场反对以上电影的抗议，人们认为影片侮辱了先知穆罕默德，但并不清楚袭击者是否与抗议有关。
over:以上
Three other Americans were also killed. It happened during a protest over a film deemed insulting of the prophet Mohammed, but it isn't clear whether the attackers were linked to the protest.
事发之时正发生一场反对一部电影的抗议，人们被认为影片侮辱了先知穆罕默德，但并不清楚袭击者是否与抗议有关。
deemed:被认为
Tonight, rescue workers are still dousing burning embers inside the factory. Employees say it was a death trap. But as is often the case in Pakistan.
今晚，援救雇员仍在给工厂里燃烧的木头浇水，雇员们称这里是危险场所，但这在巴基斯坦很常见。
Employees:雇员
The authorities allowed it to remain open. Relatives of those who perished here are asking if anyone will be held to account.
当局允许工厂照常运转，遇难者亲属质问是否亲属对此负责。
Relatives:亲属
Federal police said Mr. Pozos was defiant after his arrest.
联邦警察称Pozos对逮捕一事很不服。
arrest:逮捕
Germany's deputy finance minister Steffen Kampeter has rebuffed suggestions that his country could still owe billions of euros to Greece in unpaid reparations from the Second World War.
有人称德国仍欠希腊数百万欧元未偿付的二战补偿，对此，德国副财长斯蒂芬.康彼得表示否认。
reparations:补偿
Under the new rules, foreign banks, investment and insurance companies can buy up to one hundred percent of the shares in an existing securities company.
根据新规定，外国银行、投资和保险公司可以购买现有保险100%的股份。
insurance:保险
Under the new rules, foreign banks, investment and insurance companies can buy up to one hundred percent of the shares in an existing securities company.
根据新规定，外国银行、投资和保险公司可以买现有证券公司100%的股份。
buy:买
There are already growing signs of public dissatisfaction with the economy.
”越来越多的迹象显示公众对经济不满意。
dissatisfaction:不满意
The GameChanger unit of Shell, which seeks out new disruptive technologies for the oil giant, is about to test if Knack can help it identify innovators.
壳牌公司中为石油巨头寻找突破性新它的GameChanger部门即将测试Knack是否能帮助它去发现创新者。
it:它
The Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner has made an unprecedented leap from the edge of space.
奥地利跳跃伞运动员菲利克斯·保加拿从太空边缘进行史无前例的一跳跃。
leap:跳跃
The constituent assembly in Libya has elected Ali Zidan, an independent, as the new Prime Minister by a large majority, he has 15 days to propose a new cabinet.
利比亚立宪会议以绝对多数票当选无党派阿里·宰丹担任新总理，宰丹需要在15天内建立新内阁。
elected:当选
His election comes at a critical time with pressing issues like the lack of a government control over security in the country and the need to stabilize tense areas in western Libya, there recently witnessed deadly clashes.
他是在重要关头当选的，利比亚正面临诸多迫在眉睫的问题，比如政府对该国安全缺乏控制，同时缺乏安定利比亚西部的紧张地区，那里最近发生了致命冲突。
lack:缺乏
The BBC's Tomi Oladipo has been monitoring the situation from Lagos.
BBC记者Tomi Oladipo在拉各斯监测局势。
monitoring:监测
A local official said the village had experienced similar but smaller attacks in the past, during which residents had killed robbers and then received warnings of revenge attacks in response.
当地官员称此前村庄经历过类似但小规模的袭击，那次村民们杀死了抢劫者，然后得到日后报复的警告。
robbers:抢劫者
A local official said the village had experienced similar but smaller attacks in the past, during which residents had killed robbers and then received warnings of revenge attacks in response.
当地官员称此前村庄经历过类似但小规模的袭击，那次村民们杀死了强盗，然后收到的日后报复的警告。
received:收到的
The city has been run by socialist politicians for decades and Bart de Wever told the crowds he had never expected to do so well there.
该市几十年来都在社会党社会主义者治理之下，巴特·德·魏夫告诉众人，他从未想到结果会如此之好。
socialist:社会主义者
The Egyptian Football Association has decided to suspend the country's Primer League indefinitely on security grounds.
出于安全考虑，埃及足球聯賽决定无限期推迟埃及足球甲级联赛比赛。
League:聯賽
Many Egyptian suspect that this is more than just a football stadium disaster, they believe someone wanted to take revenge on the al-Ahly fans, because their political role in confronting the police during the revolution last year.
许多埃及人怀疑这不仅仅是足球馆灾难，而是怀疑想要报复阿赫利体育俱乐部的球迷，因为他们在去年革命时，曾经顶撞过警方。
suspect:怀疑
Doctors say that the Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai, who was shot in the head by the Taliban after campaigning for girl's education has a chance making a good recovery.
医生们称巴基斯坦少年MalalaYousafzai有望在手术后恢复健康，这名少年是在争取女孩接受教育的教育后被塔利班分子用枪击中头部的。
education:教育
The head of the National Guard has said the security services were on high alert after the breakout from the al-Judaida jail.
国家警卫队长官声称自al -Judaida破裂事件以后，国家安全部队目前保持高度警惕。
breakout:破裂
He said that some were illegal African migrants imprisoned for immigration violations and others were Libyans with criminal convictions.
他透露其中有些犯人是违反移民法规而受监的非洲非法移民，而其他犯人则是有违反的利比亚人。
violations:违反
“Mr. President, the reason I call it an apology tour is because you went to the Middle East and you flew to Egypt and to Saudi Arabia and to Turkey and Iraq.
“总统先生,我之所以称之为遗憾飞翔的原因是你前往中东，飞往埃及，沙特阿拉伯，土耳其和伊拉克。
flew:飞翔
“Mr. President, the reason I call it an apology tour is because you went to the Middle East and you flew to Egypt and to Saudi Arabia and to Turkey and Iraq.
“总统先生,我之所以称之为遗憾之旅的原因是你飞翔中东，飞往埃及，沙特阿拉伯，土耳其和伊拉克。
flew:飞翔
Iran is close to building those plants, getting that atomic bomb,” said Zerner.
伊朗已经几近建筑那些工厂,原子弹马上就要唾手可得了。”
building:建筑
While the candidates are courting Jewish-American support, some Muslim Americans in Florida, like political activist Amber Chaudhry, say they are turning away from the pro-Israel bias in both campaigns.
泽纳说道。在候选人们正在拉拢犹太裔美国人的支持期间,一些在佛罗里达州的穆斯林美国人,比如政治活动家安珀·乔杜里,表示在全部的选战活动中他们正远离亲以色列的偏见。
While:期间
While the candidates are courting Jewish-American support, some Muslim Americans in Florida, like political activist Amber Chaudhry, say they are turning away from the pro-Israel bias in both campaigns.
泽纳说道。在候选人们正在拉拢犹太裔美国人的支持时,一些在佛罗里达州的穆斯林美国人,比如政治支持家安珀·乔杜里,表示在全部的选战支持中他们正远离亲以色列的偏见。
support:支持
In this very close election, analysts believe both candidates have made a political calculation to compete for the larger number of pro-Israel votes among Jewish-Americans and Christian Conservatives even it if means losing some Muslim-American support.
”在这次意见非常相近的选举中，分析人士相信即使意味着会失去一些穆斯林的支持，两位候选人也已经做了政治考量以争夺在美国犹太人和基督教保守主义者中亲以的大量选举。
election:选举
An improving job picture better than expected earnings of Wall Street and signs of recovery in the troubled housing market are helping to lift American consumer confidence.
就业市场比华尔街预计结果还要更好，遭遇困境的房产市场开始复苏，这些信号帮助提升美国消费者的信心。
better:更好
An improving job picture better than expected earnings of Wall Street and signs of recovery in the troubled housing market are helping to lift American consumer confidence.
就业市场比华尔街预计结果还要好，遭遇困境的房产市场开始复苏，这些信号升降提升美国消费者的信心。
lift:升降
And this year, Retail Strategist Clementine Illanes says companies are paying greater attention to customer preferences.
零售业分析师克莱门泰·伊拉尼斯说，许多公司今年更加关注顾客的喜好了：
customer:顾客
“They are getting a lot better really understanding their customers, so really mining data, looking at analytics, to be able to target their customers, much more uniquely depending on what that specific customer actually is looking for.”
“这些公司变得更加了解顾客，它们真正地挖掘数据，分析数据结果，能够对准顾客的需求，更加根据特定顾客实际需要来采取相应措施。”
customers:顾客
“They are getting a lot better really understanding their customers, so really mining data, looking at analytics, to be able to target their customers, much more uniquely depending on what that specific customer actually is looking for.”
“这些公司变得更加了解顾客，它们真正地挖掘数据，分析数据结果，能够对准顾客的需求，更加根据特定顾客实际需要来采取相应措施。”
customers:顾客
“They are getting a lot better really understanding their customers, so really mining data, looking at analytics, to be able to target their customers, much more uniquely depending on what that specific customer actually is looking for.”
“这些公司变得更加了解消费者，它们真正地挖掘数据，分析数据结果，视乎对准消费者的需求，更加根据特定消费者实际需要来采取相应措施。”
depending:视乎
“They are getting a lot better really understanding their customers, so really mining data, looking at analytics, to be able to target their customers, much more uniquely depending on what that specific customer actually is looking for.”
“这些公司变得更加了解顾客，它们真正地挖掘数据，分析数据结果，能够对准顾客的需求，更加根据特定顾客实际需要来采取相应措施。”
customer:顾客
But not far away at the San Simon de Rojas Food Distribution Center in the working class suburb of Mostoles, the crisis hits home.
但是在距离不远的工薪阶层家Mostoles郊区的San Simon De Rojas食品发放中心，经济危机打击着人们的生活。
home:家
I don’t have anything.” Molino would like to find a wife and start a family. But that’s impossible for now and in a sense he’s grateful that at least he has no family to support.
Molin曾经想结婚成家，但是现在看来是不可能的了，从有角度来说，这对他来说是好事，因为他现在至少不需要负担家庭。
have:有
25% of Spanish workers are unemployed and a growing number of them can’t afford to buy enough food to live.
在这里经常可听到这样的故事，25%的西班牙工人失业，他们当中越来越多的人没钱买食品和居住。
buy:买
The center used to feed about 50 people a day. Now the volunteers have to reset the room several times and have more than 700 people registered to eat.
该中心本来是每天接待50有的，但是登记就餐的人数有700多，因此志愿者必须每天要重新打扫整理好几次，才能满足需要。
have:有
The center used to feed about 50 people a day. Now the volunteers have to reset the room several times and have more than 700 people registered to eat.
该中心本来是每天接待50有的，但是登记就餐的人数有700多，因此志愿者必须每天要重新打扫整理好几次，才能满足需要。
have:有
After the debate, opinion surveys showed a close race between President Obama and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.
辩论后的民意调查显示，美国总统奥巴马和前马萨诸塞州州长米特·罗姆尼之间的种族旗鼓相当。
race:种族
Recently, the two men have been visiting states that could help decide the election.
近日，这两人都参观了有助于决定大选的州。
visiting:参观
Each state has a set number of electoral votes based on its population.
每个州根据其人口都有固定数目的“选举人票”。
number:数目
The candidate receiving at least two hundred seventy electoral votes becomes president.
接收至少270张选举人票的候选人当选总统。
receiving:接收
In Illinois, Mr. Obama became the first president to mark his ballot before the presidential election.
在伊利诺伊州，奥巴马成为总统大选前首位投出自己选举的总统。
election:选举
"I think the race has stabilized at a dead heat and I think it's likely that we will go into Election Day not knowing who's going to come out the winner."
“我认为种族已经维持白热化，我认为有可能在大选日之前无法知道谁将成为胜利者。
race:种族
It may sound silly, but it’s really a good question, because weightlessness does make a visit to the latrine a tricky proposition.
听起来或许有些可笑，但这确实是个很好的问题，因为无重量让上厕所也成为了一个复杂的问题。
weightlessness:无重量
The word “boondoggle”, Michael Grunwald points out, was coined back in the days of the original New Deal, to describe “make-work” bits of arts and craft paid for by the government at a price that was out of all proportion to their actual value.
迈克尔·格伦沃尔德指出：政府常常以与实际价值完全不成比例的价格来为一些无用的奢侈品买单，其中就包括“为扩大就业而安排的工作岗位”——早在罗斯福新政时代，人们就原文了“无效投资”一词来描述这一概念。
original:原文
The word “boondoggle”, Michael Grunwald points out, was coined back in the days of the original New Deal, to describe “make-work” bits of arts and craft paid for by the government at a price that was out of all proportion to their actual value.
迈克尔·格伦沃尔德指出：政府常常以与实际价值完全不成比例的价格来为一些无用的奢侈品买单，其中就包括“为扩大就业而安排的工艺品”——早在罗斯福新政时代，人们就创造了“无效投资”一词来描述这一概念。
craft:工艺品
The word “boondoggle”, Michael Grunwald points out, was coined back in the days of the original New Deal, to describe “make-work” bits of arts and craft paid for by the government at a price that was out of all proportion to their actual value.
迈克尔·格伦沃尔德指出：政府常常以与实际价格完全不成比例的价格来为一些无用的奢侈品买单，其中就包括“为扩大就业而安排的工作岗位”——早在罗斯福新政时代，人们就创造了“无效投资”一词来描述这一概念。
price:价格
In times of economic woe, when normal patterns of consumption and investment are frozen, prodigal government spending can sometimes be the only way to break the vicious circle of declining demand and shrinking employment.
在经济困难时间，常规的消费和投资模式会陷入僵局，慷慨的政府开支有时候可能是打破需求下滑、失业率上升这个恶性循环的唯一途径。
times:时间
To sum up John Maynard Keynes, it can even make sense to bury money in bottles, so that miners, and the suppliers of their pickaxes and overalls, and those who sell food and materials to those suppliers can, in turn, benefit from the circulation of money that they dig up.
将凯恩斯的观点简单概括一下：甚至连把钱放在瓶子里埋起来都是有意义的——这样矿工就能把这笔钱挖出来，从而用于流通；于是矿工本人、矿工的鹤嘴镐和工装裤的供应商、以及向这些供应商出售食物和材料的人都可以依次从这种流通中获益。
sell:出售
In the Depression of the 1930s, the biggest stimulus in any year of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal amounted to only about 1.5% of GDP.
而20世纪30年代的大萧条年份，在富兰克林·罗斯福的“新政”年间，最大的一笔刺激方案也只占当时GDP的约1.5%。
year:年份
In the last quarter of 2008, the final three months of the Bush era, the American economy contracted by an astonishing 8.9%.
在2008年最后一个季度，布什时代最后的三个月里，美国经济萎缩了8.9%，令人惊奇。
astonishing:惊奇
As a result, the Republicans triumphed at the mid-term vote and Mr Obama's ratings are now uncomfortably low as he struggles for re-election.
于是，共和党在中期选举投票中胜利了；而奥巴马力争连任，得票率却低的可怜。
triumphed:胜利
New energy projects, like job creation, should be left to the market, not picked by bureaucrats; school and health reform should be a matter for individual states.
他们认为新能源项目和创造就业左应当交给市场去引导，而不是由当局来推动；学校改革和卫生改革应当根据各个州的具体情况进行。
left:左
Mr Grunwald waxes on about the cleverness of Steven Chu, the president's energy secretary,and all the amazing things that his scientists think they can do with their oodles of new cash.
格伦沃尔德描述了奥巴马的能源部长——朱棣文的机智，也描述了这位总统手下的科学家——他们认为利用大笔新有资金可以做一些令人惊奇的事情。
amazing:令人惊奇
But there have also, as he admits, been many failures.
但格伦沃尔德承认，奥巴马政府也存在不少失败之在那儿。
there:在那儿
Governments make bad venture capitalists, as the book quotes Larry Summers, a key member of the president's original team, as saying.
本书引述了奥巴马早期团队重要成员劳伦斯·萨默斯的说：政府并不是好的风险投资家。
saying:说
“The New New Deal” is the most interesting book that has been published about the Obama administration.
在关于奥巴马政府的书中，《新“新政”》是最有趣的一本书。
book:书
His problem is not with the technology itself, but with the way it is deployed.
他的问题不是针对它本身而是它进行的方式。
it:它
Now Dr Dror and Greg Hampikian, a forensic biologist at Boise State University in Idaho, have published a study in Science & Justice that suggests all is not shipshape in the domain of the double helix either.
现在，Dror博士和博伊西的爱达荷州立大学的法医学生物学家Greg Hampikian在"科学与正义"上发表了一篇研究，表明所有的东西都不是井然有序的，在双螺旋线的科學里也不是。
Science:科學
Dr Dror's and Dr Hampikian's experiment presented data from a real case to 17 DNA examiners working in an accredited government laboratory in North America.
Dror博士和Dr Hampikian博士的实验提供一个真实案例的数据给17个在一家受认可的北美政府实验室里实验室的DNA鉴定员。
laboratory:实验室
The case involved a gang rape in the state of Georgia, in which one of the rapists testified against three other suspects in exchange for a lighter sentence, as part of a plea bargain.
这起案件涉及到一宗乔治亚州的轮奸案，其中一名强奸犯为了让自己获得轻判做了不利于其它三名嫌疑者的证言，作为认罪请求协议的一部分。
plea:请求
The case involved a gang rape in the state of Georgia, in which one of the rapists testified against three other suspects in exchange for a lighter sentence, as part of a plea bargain.
这起案件涉及到一宗乔治亚州的轮奸案，其中一名强奸犯为了让自己获得轻判做了不利于其它三名嫌疑者的证言，作为认罪辩诉交易的一部分。
bargain:交易
And their findings were crucial to the outcome because in Georgia, as in many other states, a plea bargain cannot be accepted without corroborating evidence.
而且他们的手指对于出来的结果是至关重要的，因为在乔治亚，同时也在很多其它州，认罪请求如果没有确实的证据是无法被接受的。
plea:请求
However, of the 17 examiners Dr Dror and Dr Hampikian approached—who, unlike the original two, knew nothing about the context of the crime—only one thought that the same suspect could not be excluded.
然而，在Dror博士和Hampikian接触的17个鉴定师中——他们不像开始两位鉴定师那样，对犯罪思索一无所知——只有一位认为一样的嫌疑不能被排除。
thought:思索
Dr Dror thinks that in about 25% of cases, tiny samples or the mixing of material from more than one person can lead to such ambiguity.
Dror博士认为在大约25%的案子里，小样本或者从不止一人身上取来的混合材料可能导致这样的二义性。
material:材料
Dr Dror thinks that in about 25% of cases, tiny samples or the mixing of material from more than one person can lead to such ambiguity.
Dror博士认为在大约25%的案子里，小样本或者从不止一人身上取来的混合物质可能人这样的二义性。
person:人
Moreover, such is DNA's reputation that, when faced with claims that the molecule puts a defendant in a place where a crime has been committed, that defendant will often agree to a plea-bargain he might otherwise not have accepted.
此外，DNA的好名声就是这样，当面临宣称用DNA分子证明被告所犯的罪的时候，被告通常会同意认罪请求，否则他也许不会接受。
plea:请求
According to Norah Rudin, a forensic-DNA consultant in Mountain View, California, forensic scientists are beginning to accept that cognitive bias exists, but there is still a lot of resistance to the idea, because examiners take the criticism personally and feel they are being accused of doing bad science.
根据一位加利福尼亚州芒廷维尤的法庭DNA顾问Norah Rudin，法庭科学家正在开始接受那种认知性偏差的存在，但仍然有很多阻力，因为鉴定师科学家会接受批评，觉得自己被谴责说自然科学学得差。
scientists:科学家
According to Dr Rudin, the attitude that cognitive bias can somehow be willed away, by education, training or good intentions, is still pervasive.
根据Rudin博士，态度偏差可以通过某种方式意识性去除的态度是普遍的，比如通过教育、训练或好意的方式。
attitude:态度
Medical researchers, by contrast, take great care to make drug trials "blind", so that neither the patient nor the administering doctor knows who is receiving the drug being tested, and who is getting a control drug or placebo.
相比之下，医学研究者非常注意使药物试验"不透明"，所以病人和安慰剂的医生都不知道接受药物测试的是谁，和控制药物和安慰剂的是谁。
placebo:安慰剂
Victims, families and survivors looked on from the public gallery, shaking their heads in disbelief as the man they blame for their persecution delivered this very personal character defense.
受害者、家属及幸存者从画廊上看着他，他们怀疑地摇着头看着这个被他们谴责为对自己施压迫害者的人发表这篇个人色彩很浓的辩护词。
gallery:画廊
Mr McKinnon who has a form of autism was considered to be a risk of killing himself if sent to the US for trial.
麦金农身患孤独症，据说如果被送往美国受审将有自杀风险。
risk:风险
Mr Pandit, an immigrant from the India took over the Citigroup at the end of 2007, within a few months the bank was fighting for survival it would eventually take a $45bn bailout from the US government.
潘伟迪是印度移民，2007年底开始接管花旗，随后几个月来，该银行一直在进行生存战斗，最终从美国政府那里得到450 亿美元的救助资金。
fighting:战斗
The massive earthquake and tsunami that struck North East Japan last year put that country on alert, says Keiko Tamura of Niigata University, she was visiting California for the shake out.
日本新泻大学的Keiko Tamura为了这次演习特意参观加利福尼亚州，她说，去年日本东北部的大地震和海啸让日本一直保持警惕。
visiting:参观
And if you think they sound strange, consider doughboy and GI Joe.
如果你考虑这些名称听上去很怪，那就想想步兵（doughboy）和特种部队（GI Joe）这两个名称。
consider:考虑
And if you think they sound strange, consider doughboy and GI Joe.
如果你认为这些名称听上去很怪，那就考虑步兵（doughboy）和特种部队（GI Joe）这两个名称。
consider:考虑
The American soldier was said to be like galvanized iron, a material produced for special strength.
美国士兵被说成是像白铁皮，这是一种用于特殊强度需求的材料。
material:材料
Among them is Guntram Wolff, Deputy Director of the Bruegel European Think Tank: “The real discussion we need to have now is about not just the “Banking Union”, but also about the fiscal resources that are needed at the Euro Zone level.”
这些专家就包括冈海姆·沃尔夫，他是布勒哲尔欧洲智库的副主任：“我们现在需要讨论的不仅仅是银行联盟，还包括我们需要的在欧元区一级的银行业资源。”
Banking:银行业
That means what is called Fiscal Union, a budget funded by Euro Zone countries to prop up troubled banks and governments as needed.
他是指由欧元区国家建立起一个资助的联盟，来帮助需要帮助的陷入困境的银行和政府。
funded:资助的
But he argued against allowing troubled countries to take on more debt to stimulate it. “There is nothing more antisocial than high levels of debt. Every Euro spent on the interest of debt is a Euro that is not going for public health, for education, for help to the most needed and not only for this generation, for the future.”
但是他反对那些处于困境的国家通过增加债务来刺激经济发展：“没有其他任何东西比高昂的债务对社会更加不利了，每一个用于支付债务利息的欧元都被浪费了，而我们本可以将其用于公共健康，教育，帮助那些最需要帮助的人，不仅可以帮助我们这一代人，还可以健康下一代。”
health:健康
The stakes were high with opinion polls showing the race was virtually tied.
民意调查结果显示，这场种族几乎是势均力敌，所以这次辩论非常重要。
race:种族
In his book Cosmos, the late scientist Carl Sagan talks about the way in which the earth is regularly struck by material from outer space.
已故科学家卡尔·萨根在书《宇宙》中叙述了外太空物体如何有规律和地球发生碰撞。
book:书
The Best Care Possible: A Physician's Quest to Transform Care Through the End of Life. By Ira Byock.
《可能是最好的医护手段：一位内科医生最佳改革生命尽头的医护方法》Ira Byock著作。
Best:最佳
They have a cultural expectation that whatever may be wrong with them, it can be fixed with the right treatment, and if the first doctor does not offer it they may seek a second, third or fourth opinion. Litigation is a constant threat, so even if a patient is very ill and likely to die, doctors and hospitals will still persist with aggressive treatment, paid for by the insurer or, for the elderly, by Medicare.
在他们的文化里，大家都觉得不管生了什么病，只要医治得当就能安然无恙；如果一个医生不行，他们就会去找第二个，第三个，第四个……他们还常常威胁着要起诉医生，所以就算有病入膏肓，行将就木，医院和医生也会坚持实施高强度治疗，反正年轻人有保险公司付账，老人也有医疗保险撑腰。
have:有
They find that average costs per patient during the last two years of life (when health spending is heaviest) in some regions can be almost twice as high as in others, yet patients in the high-spending areas do not survive any longer or enjoy better health as a result.
研究者发现，虽然在生命最后两年中（医疗支出最大），有些地区病人的平均支出可达其它地区的两倍，但是他们的寿命没有延长，健康状况也不比其它地方更好。
better:更好
His book is a plea for those near the end of their life to be treated more like individuals and less like medical cases on which all available technology must be let loose.
他在书中恳请人们把那些生命尽头的人当做“人”靠近看待，别把他们当成冷冰冰的医疗个案，也别把他们当成各种医疗措施的跑马场。
near:靠近
Yet hospice patients typically last only two or three weeks.
所以，大多数接受最后的病人往往只能生存两到三周。
last:最后
Nor is it easy to decide when to stop making every effort to save someone's life and allow them to die gently.
究竟何时可以不再停止一切努力挽救病人的生命，而是放手让他们从容走向死亡？
stop:停止
And the author gets rather messianic, advocating a more caring society that shows no sign of materialising.
作者也有些以救世主自居，在书里宣扬一个不太可能出现的更有关心的社会。
caring:关心
But he is surely right to suggest better management of a problem that can only get worse. As life expectancy keeps on rising, so will the proportion of old people in the population.
不过，他说要妥善处理一个必将越来越严重的问题，这是对的：随着期望值寿命不断提高，老年人口的比重也会越来越大。
expectancy:期望值
When a law firm gets into trouble, it can be hard to recover
律师事务所，一旦陷入困境就难以恢复
recover:恢复
THE chief benefit of the merger of Dewey Ballantine and LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae may have been a shorter name, the deal, in 2007, created Dewey & LeBoeuf, the world's 23rd-biggest law firm by revenue.
2007年，杜威律师事务所与路博律师事务所合并，带来的主要好处大概是新的律师事务所有了一个更简洁的名字——杜威.路博律师事务所，坚固收入全球排名第23位。
firm:坚固
If a public company gets into trouble, the price of its shares falls, giving investors an incentive to buy if they think the market undervalues it. In companies with physical assets, creditors can demand that they be sold to repay loans.
当一家上市公司陷入困境时，股价下跌，此时如果其市场价格被低估，可能会激励投资者进行收购；同时债权人可以要求出售公司实物资产来偿还债务。
price:价格
If a public company gets into trouble, the price of its shares falls, giving investors an incentive to buy if they think the market undervalues it. In companies with physical assets, creditors can demand that they be sold to repay loans.
当一家上市公司陷入困境时，股价下跌，此时如果其市场低值被低估，可能会激励投资者进行收购；同时债权人可以要求出售公司实物资产来偿还债务。
undervalues:低值
If a public company gets into trouble, the price of its shares falls, giving investors an incentive to buy if they think the market undervalues it. In companies with physical assets, creditors can demand that they be sold to repay loans.
当一家上市公司陷入困境时，股价下跌，此时如果其市场价值被低估，可能会激励投资者进行收购；同时债权人可以需求出售公司实物资产来偿还债务。
demand:需求
Worse, American lawyers (unlike their British cousins) typically take their clients with them.
更加更糟的是的是，美国的律师（这点不像其英国同行）离去时会带走相应的客户资源。
Worse:更糟的是
Firms with large debts are vulnerable if a big client leaves, a practice area sours or the economy weakens.
失去大客户，某一地区企业状况恶化或者经济疲软——这些都会使负担大量债务的公司变得十分脆弱。
Firms:企业
Other firms watch not with glee but with nervousness, knowing that a short run of bad luck could put them on the same wobbly precipice.
其他律师事务所也紧张的企业着事态发展，他们无法幸灾乐祸，——毕竟一次小小的不走运足以把他们也推向危机的边缘。
firms:企业
Police say at no time was the public in any danger. In fact in what was clearly a sting operation and FBI Agent posing as an al-Qaeda facilitator supplied him with what he thought were explosives.
警方称公众根本没有危险，事实上，这显然是一起卧底行动，联邦调查局特工假装是基地组织推动者，让他以为要提供他提供炸药。
supplied:提供
The cyclist has always denied doping, but last week said he would not contest dossier published by the US Anti-Doping Agency which accused him of cheating his way to the top.
阿姆斯特朗对此一直否认，但上周他说不会反驳美国反兴奋剂机构公布的指责他一路欺诈得到冠军的档案。
cheating:欺诈
The sportswear manufacturer had pledged to support Lance Armstrong, but it seems the weight of evidence supplied by US Anti-Doping Agency has convinced Nike to end its long standing relationship with the most successful cyclist in the history of the Tour de France.
这家运动装商家历史承诺支持兰斯•阿姆斯特朗，但美国反兴奋剂机构提供的有力证据使耐克结束与这位环法比赛史上最成功自行车手的长期合作。
history:历史
The Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has set out an ambitious negotiating position, a full fiscal union which would demand convention to be set up next year to change EU treaties.
财政部长萧伯乐制定了野心勃勃的谈判立场，这是一个全面的财政联盟，需求明年开会改变欧盟协议。
demand:需求
The Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has set out an ambitious negotiating position, a full fiscal union which would demand convention to be set up next year to change EU treaties.
财政部长萧伯乐制定了野心勃勃的谈判立场，这是一个全面的财政联盟，要求明年公约改变欧盟协议。
convention:公约
In a narrow vote the Uruguayan senate has approved legislation that allows women to have an abortion in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy.
乌拉圭参议院经过微弱优势已批准一项法案，允许妇女在怀孕的前12周堕胎。
approved:已批准
The measure was only approved after politicians reached a compromise criticized by pro-abortion campaigners.
这项政策是在政客们达成一项为支持堕胎人士批评的妥协后已批准的。
approved:已批准
The measure was only approved after politicians reached a compromise criticized by pro-abortion campaigners.
这项政策是在竞选者们达成一项为支持堕胎人士批评的妥协后通过的。
campaigners:竞选者
Turkish armed forces have returned fire across the border into Syria after a Syrian mortar shell landed just inside Turkish's Hatay province.
土耳其武装部队返回边境向叙利亚回击，此前叙利亚一枚追击炮落在土耳其哈塔伊省。
returned:返回
The governing body of European football has opened a disciplinary hearing into both the Serbian and English football associations following a chaotic Under-21 playoff match.
欧洲足球官方机构公开听审萨尔维亚和英国足球协会，此前它们进行了一场混乱的21岁以下淘汰赛者的加时赛。
playoff:淘汰赛
Google had intended to release its earnings report after the close of trading, but the report was putted out early by mistake, it showed that Google's earnings fell by around 20% in the third-quarter when compared to the same period a year ago, to just over $2bn.
谷歌曾想在交易接近时公布收益报告，但由于失误这份报告被提前公布，报告显示与一年前同期相比，谷歌第三季度的收益下跌了近20%，仅超过20 亿美元。
close:接近
As they gathered, the German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for the EU to have real rights to intervene in a national budget of member states, but the French President Francois Holland said it would be banking rather than the budget that would be discussed.
他们会和后，德国总理安吉拉•默克尔呼吁德语有权干预成员国的国家预算，但法国总统弗朗索瓦•奥朗德称要谈论的是银行业而非预算问题。
German:德语
The BBC didn't say who was thought was responsible, but earlier this month its satellite provider, Eutelsat, accused Iran of deliberately jamming signals.
BBC没有标明是谁所为，但本月初其卫星服务商欧洲信号组织指责伊朗故意阻扰信号。
signals:信号
"The young person is sort of primed to think they are ready to participate now, and this kind of a document mailed straight to them is exactly the kind of thing they are going to respond to," she said.
她说：“年轻人现在已经做好了参与的初始，我们把这些文件寄给他们，他们一定会有所反应。”
primed:初始
Ana Harvey of the U.S. Small Business Administration says women-owned businesses in the U.S. are flourishing.
而美国小商业管理局的安娜·哈维表示美国妇女拥有的商业已经蓬勃发展。
Business:商业
"I'm in the trucking industry and so I'm a novelty because this is traditionally a male-dominated industry," Ayers notes.
“我身在卡车卡车运输,所以我是个新鲜事物,因为在传统上这是男性主导的行业,”艾尔斯指出。
trucking:卡车运输
Yet only eighteen percent of the women earned degrees in computer and information sciences.
然而这些女性中只有18%的人获得的了计算机和信息科学的学位。
earned:获得的
Her goal is to get more girls interested in science and technology.
“据预测未来20年在科技相关科学将有大约140万个就业机会。
science:科学
And so we have an enormous gap." And she says the underrepresentation of women in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics, also known as STEM, is caused by a bigger societal issue.
”她说，女性在科学、技术、工程和数学（简称STEM）这些科学缺乏代表性是由一个巨大的社会问题造成的。
science:科学
And so we have an enormous gap." And she says the underrepresentation of women in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics, also known as STEM, is caused by a bigger societal issue.
”她说，女性在数学、技术、工程和数学（简称STEM）这些领域缺乏代表性是由一个巨大的社会问题造成的。
mathematics:数学
"Girls and boys perform about the same in math and science. So there's not an aptitude issue."
“男生和女生在数学和数学上表现并无差异，因此并不存在能力问题。”
math:数学
Google was the first business to invest in the group.
Google是第一家投资该组织的商务。
business:商务
Although scores of discount brokers and for-sale-by-owner websites have sprouted up, traditional full-service realtors have somehow maintained their market share of 80% without reducing fees.
虽然贴现经纪人人数和for -sale-by-owner网站的点击率不断蹿升，传统的全包式服务中介在不折扣佣金的情况下仍保持了80%的市场份额。
discount:折扣
In a typical area, a handful of brokers controlled a shared database of available homes, and limited their cheaper rivals' access to those listings.
在典型的地区，一群中介控制了闲置住房的清单，并避免出低价的对手得到这些数据。
listings:清单
But when financing dries up and volumes dip, sellers may need an agent's expertise and energetic marketing to find a buyer.
但是由于资金短缺，待售房音量减少，卖家可能需要中介的经验和充满活力的营销手段来找到买家。
volumes:音量
They may be reluctant to haggle with realtors to whom they have social ties.
他们可能也不愿意和与他们有人际交往的中介闪烁。
haggle:闪烁
They set high fees, which lure ever more people into the profession: between 1998 and 2005 the number of members of America's National Association of Realtors grew by 67%.
他们定高手续费，诱人更多的人进入该行业：在1998年到2005年之间，美国房产经纪人协会的成员数上涨了67%。
lure:诱人
Buyers' agents have an incentive only to show their clients homes whose sellers offer them a standard 3% commission.
当房屋卖家给他们提供3%的佣金时，买方的经纪人才向他们买家展示代售房屋。
Buyers:买家
That makes many buyers' agents steer their clients elsewhere-either in solidarity with full-service brokers or because they fear a discounter will leave them with the lion's share of the work.
这就使许多的买方中介把买家带到其他的地方看房子——或是与提供全包服务的中介团结一致，或是因为他们害怕贴现会给他们惹上大部分的交易工作。
buyers:买家
That makes many buyers' agents steer their clients elsewhere-either in solidarity with full-service brokers or because they fear a discounter will leave them with the lion's share of the work.
这就使许多的买方中介把客户带到其他的地方看房子——或是与提供全包服务的中介团结一致，或是因为他们害怕贴现会给他们惹上大部分的交易服务。
service:服务
Such stealth discrimination is hard to prove: buyers' agents can always say they ignored a listing because it did not meet their client's needs.
现在还很难证明这种隐形歧视的存在：买家的代理商可以永远称他们忽略财产清单是因为其并没有满足买家的需求。
buyers:买家
Such retaliation is hardly universal: Mr Sambrotto says it was a "regular exception rather than the rule" for his firm's clients in most markets.
这样的报复心理并不是普遍的：Sambrotto称对于他公司的各个市场的客户来说，与其说是普遍性，不如说是"正规的例外"。
universal:普遍性
But because discounters need to make up for lower commissions with higher volumes, even a small amount of discrimination is often enough to drive them out of business.
但是由于折现需要用更高的音量弥补较低的佣金，就算是小丁点的歧视都足以把他们赶出这个行业。
volumes:音量
The demise of the 6% commission may still be inevitable.
6%佣金时代的死亡可能仍是不可避免的。
demise:死亡
Visiting Tokyo, he was delighted when the prime minister congratulated him on his “erection”.
”参观东京时，他受用于首相对他“勃起”的祝贺。
Visiting:参观
Later on, it was sometimes hard to tell whether he was larking round or serious: as a narcoleptic, he would often lull journalists into a snooze and then snap to, razor-sharp, with the answer to their questions.
到了后来，有时很难区分他是随便野兔还是认真的：他经常像一个嗜眠患者那样把记者也搞得昏昏欲睡，然后又突然清醒犀利地回答他们的问题。
larking:野兔
He had also been brought up in a house that was both devout and cosmopolitan: encouraged to read European magazines, to devour Dickens and Dostoyevsky, to listen to Mozart and Janis Joplin, as well as to get involved in Nahdlatul Ulama (NU), the world's largest Muslim organisation, heavily rural and steeped in animist Javanese tradition, which his grandfather had founded and his father had run.
他成长于一个既虔诚又成立的的家庭：鼓励阅读欧洲杂志，大量阅读狄更斯和陀思妥耶夫斯基作品，听莫扎特和詹尼斯·乔普林，同时也鼓励加入伊斯兰教士联合会，该组织是世界上最大的穆斯林组织，具有浓重的乡土色彩并深植于爪哇万物有灵论的传统，该组织由他的祖父组织创建，他的父亲运营。
founded:成立的
He reformed it, as well as removing it, in 1984, from party politics, in order to focus its energies on raising the pesantren to the level of secular schools.
他改革了伊斯兰教士联合会，同时也于1984年从政党政治中移出了该聚会，为了使其更好地专注于将经学院提升为普通学校。
party:聚会
He reformed it, as well as removing it, in 1984, from party politics, in order to focus its energies on raising the pesantren to the level of secular schools.
他改革了伊斯兰教士联合会，同时也于1984年从政党政治中移出了该组织，为了使其更好地集中注意力于将经学院提升为普通学校。
focus:集中注意力
In 1999, in Indonesia's first (indirect) presidential election, Mr Wahid comprehensively outmanoeuvred Megawati Sukarnoputri, who had in fact done better than he had at the polls.
在1999年印尼第一次总统大选中，瓦希德挫败了梅加瓦蒂，虽然在选举上后者略胜一筹。
election:选举
In short order, he invited outlawed dissidents and communists to see him at the palace; removed the ban against Chinese culture and language; talked to, and tried to make peace with, Aceh and West Papua, as part of a devolution of power away from “corrupt” Jakarta; dismantled Suharto's press-curbing Ministry of Information, and the extortionist Ministry of Welfare; sacked General Wiranto, who had overseen atrocities in East Timor, and apologised to the East Timorese.
在很短的时间内，他就在总统府内召见了那些被宣告非法的异见人士和共产党人，取消了中国文化和语言的禁令；与游离于“腐败的”雅加达统治的亚齐省和西巴布亚对话并试图与他们和平相处，分解了苏哈托封锁言论的信息部和巧取豪夺的文化福利部；免除了曾在东帝汶施下暴行维兰托将军的职务，并向东帝汶人民道歉。
culture:文化
But he had at least set standards for government accountability and openness in Indonesia, which helped democracy to grow.
但他至少为印尼政府的责任和开放性树立了一个标杆，这有助于民主的发展。
accountability:责任
Almost immediately after yesterday's bombing in Beirut that has caused for the resignation of Lebanon's Prime Minister Najib Mikati over his government inability to respond in any meaningful way to the attack, that's because a number of key ministers in the coalition government ally to Syria, the very country that's been widely blamed for the outrage.
昨天在贝鲁特发生爆炸案后不久，黎巴嫩总理纳吉布•米卡提就因此辞职，政府对轰炸无能为力，因为联盟政府内部多名部长与叙利亚串通，人们普遍认为这起轰炸案的凶手就是叙利亚。
bombing:轰炸
There are conflicting reports from Libya about the possible arrest of one of the most wanted man in the country, Colonel Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim.
有关利比亚头号通缉犯之一可能逮捕的消息，各方面有相矛盾的报道，此人就是卡扎菲上校的前发言人穆萨•易卜拉欣。
arrest:逮捕
According to the Prime Minister's office, Mr. Ibrahim was quoted he tried to flee the city of Bani Walid, it's a former stronghold of the late Colonel and has been under siege by forces from the neighbouring city of Misrata in recent weeks.
据总理办公室称，报道称易卜拉欣试图逃跑巴尼瓦利德城，这里是已故上校曾经的据点，最近几周一直遭受邻近城市米苏拉塔军队的围攻。
flee:逃跑
In the violence of followed, 57 senior officers were killed and the mutiny spread across the country.
随后就发生了暴力事件，有57名高级军官被杀，叛乱席卷了全国。
mutiny:叛乱
Many analysts say the Afghan government is not ready to take over security now or even in 2014 when foreign combat troops are scheduled to leave. But Innocent says this doesn’t matter.
”许多分析人士说，阿富汗政府现在还不能接管安全，甚至在2014年当外国战斗部队预定的撤出时也还不能保证国家的安全。
scheduled:预定的
“I am a huge believer in ‘win the talent race, win the economic race.’
凯恩说：“我深信可以赢得人才种族和经济种族。
race:种族
“I am a huge believer in ‘win the talent race, win the economic race.’
凯恩说：“我深信可以赢得人才种族和经济种族。
race:种族
Education, workforce development and immigration reform are the core of winning the talent race,” said Kaine.
教育、员工发展和移民改革都是赢得人才种族的核心。”
race:种族
The focus of this year’s senate contest mirrors the presidential race, according to political analyst Phil Wallach.
政治分析分析家菲尔.沃拉克说，今年的参议员竞选之争是美国总统选举的投射。
analyst:分析家
Once confident of victory, Republican candidates like Todd Akin of Missouri and Richard Mourdock of Indiana have hurt their own chances by making widely-criticized comments on rape and abortion.
共和党候选人、密苏里州的托德.阿肯和印第安纳州的理查德.默多克，对强奸和堕胎议题的批评招致广泛批评，已经损害他们当选的机会。
criticized:批评
"First of all, the authors of the study used a line of rats that was genetically predisposed to form tumors in the first place.
“首先，这项研究的作者使用了一系列从遗传学上讲容易线肿瘤的老鼠。
line:线
Several French science academies said the release of a book and film about the work at the same time as the study raised ethical concerns.
一些法国科学学会表示，与这项研究同期书的就此问题的书籍和电影提出了伦理问题。
book:书
Well, before you start asking your dog why it can’t be more stoic like animals half its size, it’s probably worth considering each animal’s place in the food chain.
在你问“为什么狗不能比身材不及它一半的动物更坚强”之前，应该考虑一下狗在食物链中的位置。
considering:考虑
Since co-founding the firm in 1989, the tall Oklahoman has overseen the acquisition of vast tracts of land and found oodles of natural gas under it.
麦克兰登。自从1989年与合伙人一同创立该公司，这个高大的俄克拉荷马州人就一直监管土地收购坚固，使公司获得了大量土地并在地下发现了丰富油气资源。
firm:坚固
While remaining chief executive, Mr McClendon will give up the chair of Chesapeake to someone independent.
尽管保住了首席执行官的椅子，Mr McClendon还是要将董事长职位让位于某个独立的第三方。
chair:椅子
Mr McClendon will also negotiate the scrapping, by 2014, of a programme by which he was allowed to buy a 2.5% stake in every new well drilled by his company.
同时，Mr McClendon将商议于2014年废除一向（激励）项目，在该项目中Mr McClendon有权在公司开采的所有新油井中占有2.5%的赌注。
stake:赌注
For example, the board is looking into reports that Mr McClendon borrowed money from financial firms that had a business relationship with Chesapeake.
例如，董事会正在调查的一份报告指出：Mr McClendon从一些与切萨皮克公司有企业关系的金融公司借款。
firms:企业
On May 2nd, Mr McClendon complained that "a great deal of misinformation" has been published.
5月2日，McClendon对此表示不满，声称公开报道中含有"大量虚假错误信息"。
misinformation:错误信息
To have a boss with such big debts looks risky.
公司总裁债务，这看上去不妙。
debts:债务
As the forthcoming flotation of Facebook may show, investors are often willing to overlook weak corporate governance when offered the chance to buy shares in a newly listed firm run by a brilliant entrepreneur.
FACEBOOK上市前的一系列事件也许可以反映出投资者的误区——当一家由天才企业家经营的公司刚刚上市时，投资者在获得机会买该公司股票的同时却忽视了公司管理中的薄弱之处。
buy:买
A study just published in the British Medical Journal by Ola Andersson, an obstetrician at the Hospital of Halland in Halmstad, Sweden, suggests that a simple change of medical procedure when a child is born may bring a big reduction in anaemia.
儿童身体和智力的发育，都会受到铁元素匮乏的影响，因为除了在血液中的氧气带来分子——血红蛋白中发挥着众所周知的作用外，铁元素还在许多方面参与了大脑的发育。
bring:带来
But that is unproven, and would be a strike against evolution because, in nature, the umbilicus of a mammal usually does remain attached to the infant for some time after birth. Only the modern technology of clamps and sharp scissors permits the slithery tube to be dealt with at speed.
坚持快速钳住脐带（速钳法）的观点认为，让太多的血液从胎盘流向新生儿会带来其自身的问题，但这种观点其实从未留下证实，而且显然与进化论相抵触，因为在自然界中，哺乳动物的胎儿通常在出生后一段时间内仍然通过脐带与母体相连，只有钳子和剪子这种现代工具，才能迅速地处理光滑的脐带。
remain:留下
Those babies whose umbilical clamps had been applied after three minutes had, on average, iron levels 45% higher than those whose cords had been clamped immediately.
那些脐带在三分钟后才被钳住的婴儿，体内的铁元素平均水平要比采用速钳法的婴儿高出45%。
babies:婴儿
After a long period of relative calm, this is the first big bomb attack in the Lebanese capital in four years, but many had feared something like this would happen sooner or later, and that Lebanon would be inevitably dragged into the conflict in neighboring Syria.
经过长期的相对平静，这是四年来黎巴嫩发生的第一次大型爆炸袭击，但很多人害怕这样的袭击早晚还会发生，害怕黎巴嫩不可避免地被拖入邻国叙利亚的战乱中。
feared:害怕
The United Nations and the African Union are planning to open permanent offices in the Malian capital Bamako to coordinate actions in the north of the country which has been taken over by Islamist forces.
联合国和马里语计划在马里首都巴马科建立长期办公室，以协调在该国北部的行动，该国北部已被伊斯兰军队控制。
Malian:马里语
The announcement was made at a meeting in Bamako where international leaders are discussing the crisis.
这个宣布是在巴马科一场会议上做出的，各国领导人目前就在巴马科讨论危机问题。
announcement:宣布
But Mr. Mitchell has clearly decided his continuing presence is an embarrassment to the Prime Minister David Cameron.
但米切尔已断然认为，继续在职是会给首相戴维•卡梅隆带来羞辱。
embarrassment:羞辱
Police in Britain have widened their investigation into alleged child sexual abuse involving Jimmy Savile, one of the BBC's former star television presenters.
英国警方加大对涉及BBC前明星电视主播吉米•萨维尔涉及性侵儿童指控的调查。
involving:涉及
After two weeks of gathering information, officers now say they've identified more than 200 potential victims and 400 leads.
警方收集了两周的信息，称已已确定的有200多名潜在受害者和400名主要受害者。
identified:已确定的
In the first piracy trial in Germany for hundreds of years, a court in the northern city of Hamburg has convicted ten Somalians have attempting to hijack a German-flagged ship off the coast of Somalia two years ago.
德国进行400年来首次海盗审判，北部城市汉堡的法庭确认，两年前在索马里海上10名索马里人试劫持一艘插有德国国旗的船只。
trial:试
She says turnout among blacks so far is impressive. In the 1960s, during the earliest space flights, no one knew exactly how weightlessness would affect eating and drinking.
20世纪60年代，也就是人类最早开始太空飞行时，没人真正知道无重量会对饮食造成多大的影响。
weightlessness:无重量
The first astronauts ate rather unappealing food pastes squeezed directly into the mouth from toothpaste-like tubes.
第一批宇航员所吃的食物是一些非常难吃的糊如食物，这些食物通过牙膏如的小管被直接挤进宇航员的嘴中。
like:如
Containers of food have to be taped, magnetized, or velcroed to trays, and astronauts usually dine with foot restraints on-unless they feel like floating around!
装食物的容器必须要用胶带封住并被磁化，或者是用魔术贴贴于盘子中，宇航员通常在进餐时会蒙面住双脚，不然他们就会漂浮在空中。
velcroed:蒙面
More specifically, anabolism is responsible for an organism’s growth, its maintenance, and the repair of its tissues.
具体地说，合成代谢负责有机组织的数量增长，维护和维修。
maintenance:维修
This discovery led to two opposing theories as to why.
产生了两种截然不同理论来理论这一发现。
theories:理论
From nightclub bouncers to the squaddies at Abu Ghraib prison who tormented their prisoners for fun, little Hitlers plague the world.
从夜总会的保安到阿布扎比监狱里以折磨犯人有趣的狱警，这样的"小希特勒们"无处不在。
fun:有趣
Participants were then assigned either the role of "idea producer", a job that entailed generating and working with important ideas, or of "worker", a job that involved menial tasks like checking for typos.
一些试验对象被赋予的角色是"拿主意的"人－需要他们制定、实施重大决策，另一些人的角色是"劳动者"－做些类似校对、打印之类的日常事务的任务。
tasks:任务
They were also told that the partner did not have any such control over them.
他们同时被告知另一方则没有控制他们的控制。
control:控制
Unknown to the participants, Dr Halevy and Dr Galinsky had conducted an independent test, using 58 people not involved in the main study, to rate how demeaning, humiliating, degrading, embarrassing and uncomfortable each of the ten possible activities actually was.
测试对象所不知道的是，Dr Halevy and Dr Galinsky对另外没有参加上述测试的58个人进行了一项独立的测试，即，对这10项行为的贬抑、羞辱、跌份、尴尬、和难受的程度进行打分。
test:测试
The other five were not considered particularly demeaning. They included: "tell the experimenter a funny joke" and "clap your hands 50 times". Participants who had both status and power did not greatly demean their partners.
比如像"说5遍‘我是肮脏的'"和"学狗叫3次"，其它5项不被考虑是特别的丢脸，包括"讲一个笑话给对方"和"拍手50次"。
considered:考虑
But beyond the science, it has also been a public-relations hit.
在科学科学之外，它也同样是一个公众讨论的热点。
science:科学
The James Webb space telescope (JWST), as the new machine is called, is still in the workshop, and its launch date has been set back repeatedly (2018 is the latest official estimate). Its cost has gone up to $8.8 billion, a figure that, if history is any guide, could rise still further.
这台名为JWST的新机器仍然还在工房间，并且它的发射日期一再被推演（2018年是最新的官方估计），按照以往的经验推测，这笔预算还会继续增加。
workshop:工房
The James Webb space telescope (JWST), as the new machine is called, is still in the workshop, and its launch date has been set back repeatedly (2018 is the latest official estimate). Its cost has gone up to $8.8 billion, a figure that, if history is any guide, could rise still further.
这台名为JWST的新机器仍然还在工作间，并且它的发射日期一再被推演（2018年是最新的官方估计），按照以往的经验推测，这笔预算还会继续高。
up:高
The James Webb space telescope (JWST), as the new machine is called, is still in the workshop, and its launch date has been set back repeatedly (2018 is the latest official estimate). Its cost has gone up to $8.8 billion, a figure that, if history is any guide, could rise still further.
这台名为JWST的新机器仍然还在工作间，并且它的发射日期一再被推演（2018年是最新的官方估计），按照历史的经验推测，这笔预算还会继续增加。
history:历史
And they play on fears that America is in danger of losing its pre-eminence in high-budget "big science", following the closure earlier this year of the Illinois-based Tevatron, the second-most-powerful particle accelerator in the world.
随着今年早些时候，世界上第二给力的粒子加速器，伊利诺斯州的一万亿电子伏加速器的关闭，他们担忧美国正面临着失去它在以高预算为支撑的尖端科技科学领先地位的威胁。
science:科学
They clashed with police who fired tear gas and shot into the air.
他们与警察发生了冲突，警察动用了催泪弹，还向天空被开枪。
fired:被开枪
As today's funeral drew to a close, fired by the rhetoric of some speakers around 100 protesters marched on the government palace in Beirut demanding the resignation of Prime Minister, Najib Mikati.
今天的葬礼快接近时，受到演说家的感染，大约100名抗议者赶往贝鲁特政府大楼，要求总理纳吉布•米卡提辞职。
close:接近
President Ahmadinejad of Iran has been prevented from visiting notorious ever in prison in the north of the capital Tehran.
伊朗总统内贾德要求参观首都德黑兰北部臭名昭著的监狱，结果遭拒。
visiting:参观
A presidential visit to the prison, he added, will give a wrong impression of the priorities of Iran's top officials.
他说总统访问监狱参观让人认为伊朗的高级官员无法处理优先权的问题。
visit:参观
The episode shows the declining standing of President Ahmadinejad in Iran just eight months before the end of his term in office.
这段风波显示将于8月后离任的总统内贾德的站立在下降。
standing:站立
For decades the name of McGovern was synonymous with defeat, but in death that judgement has been revised.
几十年来，麦戈文的名字等同于失败，但是他死后对他的评价就死亡了。
death:死亡
“The landscape is really pretty and we usually are able to get our pumpkins right off the vine. We'll carve them up and put them on our front porch to decorate our house,” said Cosgrove.
她说：“这里风景真好，通常可以从藤上直接雕刻南瓜，回家以后刻出个样子来，放在家门前，点缀一下。”
carve:雕刻
Other fun activities include taking pony rides and eating ice cream.
其他一些好玩的，还包括波尼、吃冰激淋。
pony:波尼
Rosie: Li... She's an actress in a film, she can't hear you.
Li,她只是电影中的女演员，听不见你的。
actress:女演员
But if I'm really annoyed at one of my friends, I can tell them to shut up.
’。但是，如果我被我的朋友朋友惹恼了，我就可以告诉他们给我‘闭嘴’。
friends:朋友
By the end, 85% of duct tape patients saw their warts vanish completely, while only 65% of cryotherapy recipients had similar results.
在治疗结束同时，管状胶带治疗组中占85%的病人寻常疣完全消退；而冷冻疗法治疗组中只有65%的病人寻常疣完全消退。
while:同时
Wolves that have been raised by people should have had the same success at finding the sealed container, but they didn’t.
本以为一直受人抚养的狼也能准确发现，可是，狼却失败了。
finding:发现
Even nine-week old puppies found the food, suggesting the skill is there before training.
甚至是9周大的幼狗都能找到食物，说明这种能力并非后天受训。
puppies:幼狗
Fernandez said most of these new Latino voters overwhelmingly support Obama, in part because he endorses the so-called "Dream Act" to legalize the status of several million undocumented youth.
她说，绝大多数刚成为美国选民的拉美裔支持奥巴马总统，部分原因是奥巴马为所谓“梦想法案”背书，让数以百万计的无身份年轻人取得合法地位。
voters:选民
But if they already have in their minds that they are going to vote, they already know who they are voting for and they are enthusiastic about it,” said Fernandez.
反过来说，如果已经有了支持的投票，就会去投票，这些人热衷选情，知道自己要投给谁。”
vote:投票
But if they already have in their minds that they are going to vote, they already know who they are voting for and they are enthusiastic about it,” said Fernandez.
反过来说，如果已经有了支持的人选，就会去投票，这些人热衷投票，知道自己要投给谁。”
vote:投票
But if they already have in their minds that they are going to vote, they already know who they are voting for and they are enthusiastic about it,” said Fernandez.
反过来说，如果已经有了支持的投票，就会去投票，这些人热衷选情，知道自己要投给谁。”
voting:投票
But if they already have in their minds that they are going to vote, they already know who they are voting for and they are enthusiastic about it,” said Fernandez.
反过来说，如果已经有了支持的人选，就会去投票，这些人热衷投票，知道自己要投给谁。”
voting:投票
But at the heart of the case lies the thorny issue of whether copyright law applies to application programming interfaces, or APIs-the specifications that allow one piece of software to talk to another (in this case, allowing apps to run on Android).
但本案的核心在于，版权法对于应用程序编程接口（简称API）是否适用，这是个棘手的问题。API是允许软件不同片子进行通信的规范（本案中，API允许程序在安卓系统上运行）。
piece:片子
Oracle claims that Google used 37 Java APIs in Android without paying, and that the APIs are covered by copyright because they are the creative work of Java's developers.
甲骨文的索赔是，谷歌在安卓系统中使用了37个Java API，但没有支付费用，而且由于这些API是Java开发者们创造性的工作成果，所以它们是受版权保护的。
claims:索赔
The Russian state energy giant Rosneft has agreed an agreement to buy up the private owned joint energy venture TNK-BPwhich will make Rosneft the largest publicly-traded oil firm in the world.
俄罗期国家能源巨头Rosneft签署协议，同意买私人拥有的联合能源投资公司TNK -BP，这一买将使Rosneft成为世界上最大的上市进行交易的石油公司。
buy:买
BP has agreed to sale its half of TNK-BP to Rosneft for more than $70bn in cash. They will also receive Rosneft shares given it near 20% stake in the Russian oil giant as well as two seats on Rosneft's border directors.
BP公司同意以700多亿美元现金售出其1/ 2的TNK -BP公司，同时将接受Rosneft公司给予的近20%俄罗斯石油巨人的赌注，以及两个Rosneft公司董事会席位。
stake:赌注
The editor of the BBC's flagship television current affairs programmed News night has to step aside while an investigation is carried out into why he decided not to put on the air a reporting to child sex allegations.
BBC旗舰电视台时事栏目今夜报告编辑不得不进行回避，因为目前正在调查为什么这位编辑决定不报道几起儿童性侵犯指控。
reporting:报告
A BBC's statement said the editor, Peter Rippon had given an inaccurate and incomplete of explanation of his decision not to run the program.
BBC的一份解释称，PeterRippon编辑对其决定不播放那期节目的解释是：报道不够准确，也不够完整。
explanation:解释
The governing body of World Cycling has announced that it's stripping the American rider Lance Armstrong of what his titles and banning him for life.
世界自行车骑自行车管理机构宣布剥夺美国自行车骑自行车员兰斯•阿姆斯特朗所获荣誉称号，永远取消其比赛资格。
Cycling:骑自行车
The International Cycling Union said it had accepted the findings of the US Anti-Doping Agency which accused Armstrong of leading the most sophisticated doping program ever seen in sport.
国际自行车联盟称收到了美国反兴奋剂机构的测试结果，该机构指控阿姆斯特朗服用了所有骑自行车上所见最高级的兴奋剂。
Cycling:骑自行车
This is not the first time the cycling has reached a crossroads or that it has had to begin anew and to engage in the painful process of confronting its past.
这已经不是第一次，自行车骑自行车走到了十字路口，要么它必须重新开始，开始与自己的过去进行痛苦的斗争。
cycling:骑自行车
The head of Italy's main risk assessment agency has resigned after seven of his colleague were given prison sentences for underestimating the chances of a major earthquake just days before one struck the city of L'Aquila in 2009.
意大利主要风险评估机构主席辞职，原因在2009年拉奎拉地震发生之前是7名同事因低估了发生大地震的机会，因此被判徒刑。
chances:机会
The scientific committee has to give in its own judgment the advice, the advice may be wrong or may be imprecise, but if you have such heavy punishment to this, the committee will not act properly, the committee will tend to be always on the very very very conservative side.
科学委员会必须给出给出判断判断，这些建议可能是错误的，或者是不准确的，但如今遇到这么严重的惩罚，那就说明委员会未能适当地作出应对，委员会肯定一直是非常保守的。
judgment:判断
The lower house of Russian parliament has voted to widen the definition of high treason, it would be redefine to including giving financial, technical or other help to those seeking to damage Russia security.
俄罗斯议会下议院投票决定扩大对叛国罪的定义，将把叛国罪重新定义为包括向那些有意损害俄罗斯安全的人提供金融、它等支持的行为。
it:它
Under current Russian law, high treason largely refers to passing secret information to foreign governments.
根据目前的俄罗斯法，叛国罪一定是指向外国政府提供秘密秘密。
secret:秘密
The new bill will apply to international organizations too. Critics say the bill might make it easier to criminalize the sharing of information with human rights groups or to brand someone a traitor.
新的法案也将适用于国际组织，批评者称法案将使那些与人权组织提供信息的行为定义为犯罪，也很容易给某些人加上叛徒的叛徒。
traitor:叛徒
A businessman from Benin allegedly offered them $2m to carry out the attempted murder after his companies lost big government contracts.
据悉，来自贝宁的一名商人向他们提供200万美元来实施这次出去的谋杀，原因是他的公司失掉了政府的大订单。
out:出去
The mayor of the town of Gao who has fled to the capital Bamako, said the new arrivals included about a hundred Jihadists thought to be from Western Sahara and Algeria.
已逃离首都巴马科的加奥市长说，新来的人员包括据说来自西撒哈拉和阿尔及利亚的一百名圣战主义者。
fled:逃离
Addressing his supporters, the Prime Minister Viktor Orban criticized the European Union for putting pressure on Hungry to cut spending, saying he would not be dictated to by foreigners.
总理维克多•奥班在向支持者发表的说中批评欧盟向匈牙利施压要求削减开支，称他不会听人外国人指示。
saying:说
The woman was given a one-year suspended jail sentence and ordered to pay a fine for intentionally damaging the photographs after becoming annoyed that staff stopped to work to look at them.
由于工厂员工为了看照片而停止工作，这名女子很恼火，她因故意毁掉照片被判一年缓刑，并支付一笔好的。
fine:好的
High schools have also received money to start Chinese language training programs.
高中也收到的资金开设汉语培训课程。
received:收到的
Sharp words from a teacher, for example, can usually get a daydreaming student to put "both feet on the ground."
例如，老师的痛斥通常能将做白日梦的学生拉获得现实，让他脚踏实地（both feet on the ground）。
get:获得
I prefer letting it stay just like it is.
我更偏好原来的样子。
prefer:偏好
“I am willing right now, willing to give an additional amount of money to Medicare if I thought it was going to help those people that did not have enough money to bear the cost of what medical expenses are today, and as you know they are extremely high," she said.
“我现在就愿意,如果要帮助那些现今没有足够的钱来承担医疗费用费用的人,我愿意为医疗保险支付额外数量的金钱。而且如你所知这样的人真的非常多。”她说道。
expenses:费用
McNamara says being an independent voter, courted by various political candidates, gives her a chance to voice ideas for improving the nation's economy by bringing manufacturing jobs back to an area of the country that needs them.
麦克纳马拉表示作为独立选民会招致各种政治候选人,而这给了她一个说来表达想让制造业工作岗位重新返回一个国家需要的地方来改善国家的经济的想法。
says:说
McNamara says being an independent voter, courted by various political candidates, gives her a chance to voice ideas for improving the nation's economy by bringing manufacturing jobs back to an area of the country that needs them.
麦克纳马拉表示有礼貌独立选民会招致各种政治候选人,而这给了她一个机会来表达想让制造业工作岗位重新返回一个国家需要的地方来改善国家的经济的想法。
courted:有礼貌
If this is true, Asimov points out, then mind-reading would be a fact of nature.
如果真的是那样，艾萨克•阿西莫夫然后，那么读心术便是一种本性。
then:然后
One answer: Couzin found is that army ants follow a simple procedure: everybody coming home has the right-of-way.
Couzin发现有个原因能解释：军蚁行进的方式很简单，所有蚂蚁跟进都有“优先权”。
follow:跟进
But it does point to two other lessons about climate change: that hard data on the factors which affect it are sometimes difficult to come by; and that computer models of the climate can be quite impressive tools for working out what is going on.
但这项研究却让人们从气候变化中学到了其他两点：影响点的数据有时候很难得到；气候的电脑模型能够模拟出现在的气候状况，让人印象深刻。
point:点
The sun's activity waxes and wanes on an 11-year cycle, and over this cycle the amount of ultraviolet (UV) light the sun emits changes a lot more than does the total amount of energy.
太阳的活动年份是11年，在此年份内太阳散发出的紫外线总量的变化比太阳能总量的变化要大的多。
year:年份
In a paper just published in Nature Geoscience, Sarah Ineson of Britain's Meteorological Office and her colleagues compared the way that the Met Office's new and putatively improved climate model dealt with winters at times of high UV and at times of low UV, using data on the amount of ultraviolet the sun gives off that were collected by a satellite called SORCE.
刚刚在《自然-地球科学》杂志上发表的一篇论文中，英国气象办公室的沙哈.伊内森和她的同事用该气象办公室公认的新型气候改进模型，对其在冬天纪录的高紫外线和低紫外线数据进行比较，这些数据是由一架名叫SORCE的卫星数据太阳散发的紫外线量获得的。
data:数据
These conditions looked similar to those seen in the past two cold European winters-which occurred at a time of low solar activity.
这些状况和过去的两次发生在欧洲的严冬很相似——那两次严冬都发生在太阳活动频率很低的过去。
past:过去
Earlier modelling of a period of prolonged low solar activity in the 17th and 18th centuries showed similar patterns.
更早以前，对17、18世纪时太阳活动持续不活跃的那段几个世纪所做的模型也体现了同样的结构。
centuries:几个世纪
Earlier modelling of a period of prolonged low solar activity in the 17th and 18th centuries showed similar patterns.
更早以前，对17、18世纪时太阳活动持续不活跃的那段时期所做的模型也体现了同样的模式。
patterns:模式
That models of today's climate had not was, in part, because they used much lower estimates of the amount of UV variation over the solar cycle than those derived from the SORCE data, the most precise to be taken from a satellite looking at the sun.
但如今的气候模型却没有体现出来。部分原因是因为对太阳圈内紫外线变异量的估计比直接从SORCE中得来的要低的多，SORCE观察太阳所得出的数据，比其他的卫星更为精准。
variation:变异
That models of today's climate had not was, in part, because they used much lower estimates of the amount of UV variation over the solar cycle than those derived from the SORCE data, the most precise to be taken from a satellite looking at the sun.
但如今的气候模型却没有体现出来。以上原因是因为对太阳圈内紫外线变化量的估计比直接从SORCE中得来的要低的多，SORCE观察太阳所得出的数据，比其他的卫星更为精准。
over:以上
There are other theories around seeking to explain the recent cold winters, too.
还有其他一些理论也正寻求理论最近冷冬的原因。
theories:理论
There are other theories around seeking to explain the recent cold winters, too.
还有其他一些理论也正寻找解释最近冷冬的原因。
seeking:寻找
The aircrafts approached the factory from the east, the Sudanese information minister Ahmed Belal Osman told the reporters in Khartoum, blaming the attack on Israeli air force.
这几架飞机从东而接近，苏丹情报部长奥斯曼在喀土穆如是告诉记者，他谴责以色列空军实施了此次袭击。
approached:接近
The surprised announcement raises hopes of breakthrough in the 19 months old conflict.
这个突如其来的宣布让人们在这场长达19个月的冲突中看到了希望。
announcement:宣布
Mr. Brahimi told the council that the government had accepted the truce although a final announcement would be made on Thursday.
卜拉希米告诉委员会，政府已接受停战提议，尽管还需在周四签署最后宣布。
announcement:宣布
It was done with a reasonable efficiency and they caught the embryos they have obtained.
实验很有效果，他们获得的了这种胚胎。
obtained:获得的
His body was found in the burnt up wreckage along with arms and ammunition.
他的尸体是在燃烧的火烧中被发现的，同时还发现有武器和弹药。
burnt:火烧
The Africa Union has lifted Mali's suspension for the organization imposed following a coup in March.
非盟恢复马里的会员联盟，非盟是在三月份一场政变后取消其会员资格的。
Union:联盟
We have blankets, we have cots, to accommodate people when they come and make them in comfortable and sometimes we give them clothes, because sometimes they come in under wet and they do not have anything to put on so we provide clothes for them.
我们有毯子、有小屋，人们来了就可以提供他们提供住处，让他们舒舒服服，我们有时还提供人们衣服，因为有时人们来时衣服湿了，没有衣服穿，所以我们就提供他们衣服。
provide:提供
Pakistan said it would buy bullet-proof buses for visiting foreign cricket teams in an attempt to revive international matches at home.
巴基斯坦称将为来访的外国板球队买防弹车，以此来复苏该国国内的国际赛事。
buy:买
Pakistan said it would buy bullet-proof buses for visiting foreign cricket teams in an attempt to revive international matches at home.
巴基斯坦称将为参观的外国板球队购买防弹车，以此来复苏该国国内的国际赛事。
visiting:参观
The Pakistan cricket board said the authorities would also build a new high security stadium in the capital Islamabad to provide secure accommodation for visiting players.
巴基斯坦板球协会称政府还将在首都伊斯兰堡体育场新的高度安全的体育馆，为客队球员提供安全住处。
stadium:体育场
You use the phrase ‘things are looking up' when you want to suggest that conditions are getting better or more positive.
当你想要短语‘情况有所好转或是变得积极’这个意思时，你就会使用这个短语‘things are looking up(事情有所好转)’。
phrase:短语
You use the phrase ‘things are looking up' when you want to suggest that conditions are getting better or more positive.
当你想要表达‘情况有所更好或是变得积极’这个意思时，你就会使用这个短语‘things are looking up(事情有所更好)’。
better:更好
Things are finally looking up now that he's recovered from his illness.
他终于恢复了病魔，情况终于好转了。
recovered:恢复
Helen: So when Rosie told me that things were looking up, she meant that the weather has been getting better at the moment.
也就是说，当Rosie跟我说‘things are looking up’的时候，她的意思是，当下的天气在变得越来越更好。
better:更好
Instead, you could say: "It's taken a turn for the worse".
我们会说‘It' s taken a turn for the 更糟’——事情在恶化。
worse:更糟
Things really have taken a turn for the worse!
情况真是名副其实地变得更糟起来了！
worse:更糟
Public health officials say tobacco companies are avoiding a worldwide ban on advertising tobacco products to young people by using smartphone applications, or "apps."
公共健康官员说，烟草公司通过使用智能手机应用程序，避开向年轻人广告烟草产品的全球禁令。
advertising:广告
Public health officials say tobacco companies are avoiding a worldwide ban on advertising tobacco products to young people by using smartphone applications, or "apps."
公共健康官员说，烟草公司通过应用智能手机应用程序，避开向年轻人宣传烟草产品的全球禁令。
applications:应用
"I was taken aback by a game that is called ‘Puff, Puff, Pass,' which is (an) application that's a cartoon game where the user must click on game characters to order them to smoke and pass the cigarette to the other characters.
“我被‘Puff, Puff, Pass'这个游戏吓了一跳。这是一个卡通游戏应用程序，用户必须点击游戏角色命令他们香烟，并将香烟传递给其它游戏角色。
cigarette:香烟
Researchers in Australia searched the Apple and Android app stores using words like "smoke," "smoking," "cigar," "cigarette," and "tobacco." They found more than one hundred apps linked to those words.
澳大利亚的研究人员在苹果和安卓应用商店中搜索“烟”、“雪茄”、“雪茄”、“香烟”和“烟草”一类的字眼，发现了一百多个与此相关的应用程序。
cigar:雪茄
Researchers in Australia searched the Apple and Android app stores using words like "smoke," "smoking," "cigar," "cigarette," and "tobacco." They found more than one hundred apps linked to those words.
澳大利亚的研究人员在苹果和安卓应用商店中搜索“烟”、“香烟”、“雪茄”、“香烟”和“烟草”一类的字眼，发现了一百多个与此相关的应用程序。
cigarette:香烟
The convention bans all advertising and promotion of tobacco products in the media, in countries that have signed the treaty.
该公约禁止在已经签署该条约的国家的媒体上做任何烟草产品的广告或广告。
advertising:广告
The researchers say the app stores have a moral -- and possibly legal -- responsibility to honor the convention and other laws that ban the advertising of tobacco products to young people.
研究人员表示，应用程序商店有道义和潜在法律责任履行公约及其它禁止向青年人广告烟草产品的法律。
advertising:广告
They were in fact the same thing, it turned out, however, that Dr Gallo's virus had come from Dr Montagnier's laboratory. It was never conclusively proved how, though a contaminated sample may have been to blame.
事实上两者是同一种病毒，然而事实证明盖勒博士的病毒样本来源于蒙塔尼实验室，但为什么会这样却始终未得到证实，但受责备的也许是那例受感染的病毒样本。
blame:责备
Another source of conflict was whether HIV, as the virus eventually came to be known, was truly the cause of AIDS.
另一个争执来源是：在HIV病毒逐渐被公众熟知后，人们开始质疑HIV病毒是否真的是导致艾滋病的病因。
source:来源
He insisted-and still insists-that the weakening of the immune system characteristic of AIDS is caused by drug-taking (he blames both recreational drugs and AZT, one of the early anti-AIDS drugs), and that HIV is, indeed, a passenger.
无论过去和现在他都坚持认为具有艾滋病特征的免疫系统弱化是由于吸毒引起（他责备软性毒品和AZT（早期抗艾滋病药物之一）），认为HIV确实只是个搭载病毒。
blames:责备
And Nelson Mandela, the heroes' hero, also cleaved eventually to the path of righteousness, even while admitting he had not done enough to combat AIDS during his own presidency of South Africa.
纳尔逊·曼德拉（Nelson Mandela）可谓是英雄中的英雄，他始终坚守正义之路，甚至承认在任职南非总统期间自己在战斗艾滋病方面的工作还做的不够。
combat:战斗
Mr Gates and Mr Mandela are easy to admire.
盖茨和曼德拉是容易让人们赞赏的英雄。
admire:赞赏
PEPFAR is one of the two main organisations, along with the Global Fund, that dish out the cash that rich countries give poor ones to combat AIDS.
PEPFAR是全球两大主要基金组织之一，它与全球基金（Global Fund）一道将发达国家的大量资金拨调给贫穷国家以战斗艾滋病。
combat:战斗
Many activists may be reluctant to give Mr Bush credit.
也许众多艾滋病活动人士不愿意给小布什任何信用证。
credit:信用证
The ruling in Mayo v Prometheus was unequivocal. So was the horrified reaction from the biotechnology industry.
对梅奥医疗机构和普罗米修斯实验室的裁决是毫不含糊的，而这就引发了生物技术产业的恐慌。
ruling:裁决
Prometheus, a subsidiary of Nestlé, had patented a test to determine the correct dose of thiopurines, drugs that have long been used to treat gastrointestinal disorders.
隶属于雀巢公司的普罗米修斯实验室获得了一项专利，该专利包括附属公司医生测定巯基嘌呤药物剂量是否适当的血液测试，巯基嘌呤是治疗胃肠道功能紊乱的常用药物。
subsidiary:附属公司
Administering thiopurines, observing the body's reaction and offering dosing advice did not add up to a patentable process.
监管服用巯基嘌呤，观察身体的反应，并提供定量的建议并不能算整个审核专利的剂量。
dosing:剂量
The biotechnology industry did not expect the ruling. It is now in a minor panic.
生物它没有想到最高法院会来这一手，所以现在稍微有些恐慌。
It:它
A British doctor and science writer, he made his name in 2008 with “Bad Science”, in which he filleted the credulous coverage given in the popular press to the claims of homeopaths, reiki therapists, Hopi ear-candlers and other purveyors of ceremonious placebos.
而在新书中，他则将触角伸向危害更为严重的领域：一个拥有6千亿美元市场容量的行业——药业，在全球英国人，无数医生正开出他们研究生产的各种药物。
British:英国人
A British doctor and science writer, he made his name in 2008 with “Bad Science”, in which he filleted the credulous coverage given in the popular press to the claims of homeopaths, reiki therapists, Hopi ear-candlers and other purveyors of ceremonious placebos.
而在新书中，他则将触角伸向危害更为严重的科学：一个拥有6千亿美元市场容量的行业——药业，在全球各地，无数医生正开出他们研究生产的各种药物。
science:科学
A British doctor and science writer, he made his name in 2008 with “Bad Science”, in which he filleted the credulous coverage given in the popular press to the claims of homeopaths, reiki therapists, Hopi ear-candlers and other purveyors of ceremonious placebos.
而在新书中，他则将触角伸向危害更为严重的科學：一个拥有6千亿美元市场容量的行业——药业，在全球各地，无数医生正开出他们研究生产的各种药物。
Science:科學
So, for instance, pharmaceutical companies bury clinical trials which show bad results for a drug and publish only those that show a benefit.
比如，那些药企有选择性地埋葬一些临床试验，只公布其中具有正效应的结果。
bury:埋葬
Drug regulators, who do get access to some of the hidden results, often guard them jealously, even from academic researchers, seeming to serve the interests of the firms whose products they are supposed to police.
那些能接触到看起来藏匿结果的药物管理者，却总是偏袒维护那些药企。
seeming:看起来
But Dr Goldacre illustrates his points with a plethora of real-world stories and examples.
这类书在写作时容易陷入艰涩故事的抽象论述中。
stories:故事
And of course, the upshot of all this is anything but abstract: doctors are left ignorant about the drugs they are prescribing, and which will make their patients sick or get well, or even live or die.
所以最终的结论也就不难得出了，医生其实根本不了解他们开出的处方药，这些药能不能治好疾病，抑或活在伤口上撒盐，甚至是生死之别，这些都是未知数。
live:活
Carol Werner with the Environmental and Energy Study Institute says climate change scientists have long predicted that intense storms, droughts, and forest fires would result from the rising temperatures and sea levels caused by global warming.
环境和能源研究研究所的卡罗尔·沃纳称科学家早就预言气候变化，诸如强风暴、干旱和森林大火是由全球变暖引起的不断上升的气温和海平面所致。
Institute:研究所
Patrick Michaels with the Cato Institute says New York has just been unlucky.
卡托研究所的帕特里克·麦克尔斯表示纽约只是运气不佳而已。
Institute:研究所
“The best policy is not to do very much about it because technologies will change dramatically over the course of a century.
“最好的政策是尽量不涉及太多,因为它将在一个世纪内发生翻天覆地的变化。
it:它
Consider what it was like a century ago, you know.
考虑就像一个世纪以前,你知道。
Consider:考虑
In Syria's northern city of Aleppo, shelling and gunfire suggested that a truce was not the main concern among those fighting the war.
在叙利亚北部城市阿勒颇，不断的枪炮声表明休战并非战斗双方最关心的事。
fighting:战斗
A spokesman for the state government said more than a half the fatalities were women, and nearly 2,000 homes have been burnt down.
州政府发言人说一半以上的死亡事件是妇女，有近2000处房屋被烧毁。
fatalities:死亡事件
The United Nations says large numbers of people are fleeing the conflict heading for overcrowded camps where tens of thousands are still stranded after a wave of communal violence in June.
联合国称大批人逃避冲突前往过于拥挤的难民营，那里暂居着数万名因6月份社区暴力而逃跑的人。
fleeing:逃跑
United States military has said the two of its soldiers have been shot dead in Afghanistan by a man wearing Afghan police uniform. It's the latest in a series of insider attacks against international troops.
美国军方称两名士兵在阿富汗被一名身穿阿富汗警服的男子开枪打死，这是最近发生的针对国际军事的内部袭击。
military:军事
United States military has said the two of its soldiers have been shot dead in Afghanistan by a man wearing Afghan police uniform. It's the latest in a series of insider attacks against international troops.
美国军方称两名士兵在阿富汗被一名身穿阿富汗警服的男子开枪打死，这是最近发生的针对国际警察的内部袭击。
police:警察
United States military has said the two of its soldiers have been shot dead in Afghanistan by a man wearing Afghan police uniform. It's the latest in a series of insider attacks against international troops.
美国军方称两名士兵在阿富汗被一名制服阿富汗警服的男子开枪打死，这是最近发生的针对国际部队的内部袭击。
uniform:制服
A spokeswoman said it wasn't clear whether the attacker was a member of the Afghan police or had worn the uniform to get close to the Americans.
发言人称尚不清楚袭击者是阿富汗警官，还是为了接近美国人而制服制服的人。
uniform:制服
Detectives have said they've found details of more than 100 women on the computer of Gilberto Valle. In the event, no one was harmed.
侦探称在巴耶电脑里发现了100多名女性的详情，在这次事件中，无人遇害。
details:详情
He'd allegedly create records of at least 100 potential victims getting some of the information illegally from a Federal crime database.
据悉此人创立了至少100名潜在受害者的数据库，据说一些数据库是非法从联邦犯罪数据库里得到的。
database:数据库
You're listening to the latest World News from the BBC.
您正在收听的是最新BBC世界最新。
latest:最新
The latest study of fish in the sea around a wrecked nuclear power station of Fukushima in Japan suggested the radio activity is continuing to escape into the environment.
最近对日本福岛核电站毁坏周围鱼类的调查显示，核放射仍在向环境扩散。
wrecked:毁坏
Many people trying to escape conflict have moved there.
许多试图逃离冲突的人们已经试着了那里。
trying:试着
He now spends his nights in a house, instead of sleeping in the forest.
他现在晚上睡着在房间而不是森林里。
sleeping:睡着
What is this thing we have in our brains that makes us say “ha-ha” when someone slips on a banana?
当我们看到有踩到香蕉皮摔倒会“哈哈”大笑，那到底是什么让我们做出这样的反应呢？
have:有
He and his team had a number of volunteers watch an episode of Seinfeld while being monitored by an MRI –that’s a machine that allows researchers to see which parts of the brain are active at any given time.
他让许多志愿者观看了一集“宋飞正传”，同时监测他们的核磁共振MRI。这样研究人员就能看到任一特定时段大脑的哪个部分是活跃的。
MRI:MRI
They then synchronized the MRI data with the laugh track to see how the brain changes when it’s registering something funny.
然后研究远让磁共振数据与有趣的的轨迹同步，观察当有趣的事情发生时大脑的变化。
funny:有趣的
How to collect data on asthma while, at the same time, treating it
在处置哮喘的同时如何数据哮喘数据
data:数据
This is to use the asthma inhalers carried around routinely by patients to record the time and location of symptoms as they happen.
这个解决方案就是利用患者时间性随身携带的哮喘吸入器来记录他们的哮喘症状出现时的时间和位置。
time:时间
To develop his idea, Dr Van Sickle left CDC and founded a company, Asthmapolis, which is based in Madison, Wisconsin.
为了开发他的想法，凡?西克尔博士离开美国疾病控制和预防中心并成立了一家公司，公司名为Asthmapolis，总部左威斯康星州的麦迪逊市。
left:左
That is useful for the individuals involved, since it may illuminate patterns of which they were unaware (the proximity of a particular kind of crop, for example).
这对参与个人很有用，因为它可以阐释未明的诱发哮喘模式（例如接近特定种类的农作物）。
involved:参与
It could also help doctors identify those patients whose asthma is not under proper control.
它还可以帮助医生辨识那些哮喘无法适当控制的病人。
identify:辨识
The big public gain, though, will come from pooling all the data from the inhalers, once they have been suitably anonymised.
不过，最大公共收益将出自数据所有吸入器播报的数据，这些数据从前被适当地隐藏了。
data:数据
That will open the way for a much more detailed analysis of what is going on, and may allow the triggers to be identified and ranked in order of importance.
这将开辟一种对发生的事情进行更详细分析的方法，而且也可能让哮喘的诱因排序识别并按照重要性的顺序加以排列。过去三年来，凡?
ranked:排序
With nearly 500,000 asthma-related hospital admissions every year in America alone (often involving cases where the disease could have been properly controlled by drugs, but was not), the market could be large.
鉴于仅在美国每年就有近50万与哮喘涉及的病人入院治疗（通常涉及的病例是该病可用药物进行适当的控制，但不是所有病例），市场可能很大。
involving:涉及
Alternatively, Dr Van Sickle's old friends at the CDC or some other medical-research agency might think the data sufficiently valuable to buy and distribute the things themselves.
另外，在美国疾病控制和预防中心或其它医疗研究机构工作的凡?西克尔博士的老朋友们可能会觉得这些数据有足够的买价值，并把它们用到自身的研究上。
buy:买
Either way, the upshot would be better lives for patients in the short term and, if all went well, a true understanding of the triggers of this debilitating and occasionally life-threatening condition.
无论哪种方式，其结果都将会在短期内让患者的生活更好，且一切顺利期限，人们就会真正了解这种令人衰弱、有时危及生命的病症的诱因。
term:期限
It hopes to pull together two networks and shift more of America's booming oil and gas output.
美国国内的石油和天然气输出正快速增长，ETP希望通过合并两家公司的管网，以输送更多油气产品。
output:输出
It hopes to pull together two networks and shift more of America's booming oil and gas output.
美国国内的石油和天然气产量正快速增长，ETP希望通过合并两家公司的管网，以输送更多油气输出。
output:输出
The latest deal will make ETP the country's second-biggest pipeline firm, behind Kinder Morgan, after the latter's merger with El Paso is concluded later this year.
最新的收购将使ETP成为全美后者大油气管道公司，Kinder Morgan公司并购El Paso之后排名第一，其交易今年晚些时候完成。
latter:后者
Adding Sunoco's 6,000 miles, built to carry crude oil and refined products, will reduce ETP's reliance on gas.
加上Sunoco承载原油和精炼产品的6000英里管道，ETP对天然气输送业务的依赖程度将降低。
carry:承载
Adding Sunoco's 6,000 miles, built to carry crude oil and refined products, will reduce ETP's reliance on gas.
加上Sunoco运输原油和精炼产品的6000英里管道，ETP对天然气输送业务的依赖程度将减少。
reduce:减少
This changes the logistics of energy delivery, says Ronald J. Barone of UBS, a bank.
瑞士联合银行的Ronald J. Barone认为，能源交货的物流方式由此改变。
delivery:交货
Deliveries from gas basins in the south-west to the markets of the heavily populated Atlantic seaboard in the north-east are dwindling.
从西南天然气盆地到东北严重污染的大西洋沿岸，天然气货运正在缩减。
Deliveries:货运
Deliveries from gas basins in the south-west to the markets of the heavily populated Atlantic seaboard in the north-east are dwindling.
从西南天然气盆地到东北严重污染的大西洋海滨，天然气输送量正在缩减。
seaboard:海滨
Deliveries from gas basins in the south-west to the markets of the heavily populated Atlantic seaboard in the north-east are dwindling.
从西南天然气盆地到东北严重污染的大西洋沿岸，天然气输送量正在衰落。
dwindling:衰落
This has encouraged gas producers to scurry after oil in liquid-rich shale beds such as the Bakken in North Dakota.
受此刺激，天然气生产商闪烁的去含油丰富的页岩层里寻找石油，如北达科他的贝根页岩层。
scurry:闪烁的
Spillover: Animal Infections and the Next Human Pandemic. By David Quammen.
《溢出溢出：动物传染病和下一场人类流行病》，大卫·奎曼著。
Spillover:溢出
Within hours he was diagnosed with Crimean-Congo Haemorrhagic Fever, a virus nasty enough for him to be put onto a military transport aircraft for transfer to an isolation hospital in London.
几个小时以后他被诊断出患有克里米亚-刚果出血热——这种疾病的病毒特别危险，足以让他被送上一架军用运输机并转移到伦敦的一家孤立医院里。
isolation:孤立
Two recent books take very different approaches to the narrative of bacteria and viruses, prions and protists that humanity has known for centuries and the brand new bugs that, by opportunistic accident, hop between species and start a new evolutionary tussle.
最近有两本新书面世，采取了截然不同的方法来叙述人类发现于几个世纪以前的细菌、病毒、朊毒体和原生生物，两本书中还提到了一些全新的细菌——它们具有“机会致病性”，活跃在各个物种之间，并在进化方面引发了一场新的争论。
bacteria:细菌
Two recent books take very different approaches to the narrative of bacteria and viruses, prions and protists that humanity has known for centuries and the brand new bugs that, by opportunistic accident, hop between species and start a new evolutionary tussle.
最近有两本新书面世，采取了截然不同的方法来叙述人类发现于几个世纪以前的细菌、病毒、朊毒体和原生生物，两本书中还提到了一些全新的杀虫剂——它们具有“机会致病性”，活跃在各个物种之间，并在进化方面引发了一场新的争论。
protists:杀虫剂
A series of international conferences (and another bad bout of plague) finally gave birth to the first international health regulations in 1907 with the object of smoothing out commerce.
一系列国际会议（以及另一场瘟疫的猛烈侵袭）最终促使各国在1907年制定了出生国际卫生规程，旨在解决商业贸易难题。
birth:出生
For instance in the 2009 swine-flu pandemic, Russia, China and others banned pork imports from North America and Mexico despite protests by the World Trade Organisation and the European Union that there was no evidence the virus could travel in meat.
比如，2009年猪流感大范围肆虐的时候，俄罗斯、中国等国家曾经禁止从北美和墨西哥进口猪肉——尽管当时世界卫生组织和欧盟抗议称并没有证据表明猪流感病毒可以通过食用猪肉传播。
pork:猪肉
For instance in the 2009 swine-flu pandemic, Russia, China and others banned pork imports from North America and Mexico despite protests by the World Trade Organisation and the European Union that there was no evidence the virus could travel in meat.
比如，2009年猪流感大范围肆虐的时候，俄罗斯、中国等国家曾经禁止从北美和墨西哥进口猪肉——尽管当时世界卫生组织和欧盟抗议称并没有证据表明猪流感病毒可以通过肉类肉类传播。
meat:肉类
Mr Quammen's book, “Spillover”, is a scientific narrative rather than an historical one, focusing on zoonotic infections, those that pass from animals to humans.
奎曼的《溢出溢出》与其说是采取了历史性的叙述方式，不如说是从科学角度进行了描述，本书主要论述动物传染病在人类身上引发的感染。
Spillover:溢出
Familiar diseases are given a fresh gloss, while even the most devoted hypochondriac will find some new ones to worry about.
奎曼对人们熟知的疾病进行了全新的阐述，即使是最坚定的疑低冠状腺看了这本书之后也会产生另外的焦虑（听说过鹦鹉热吗？）
hypochondriac:低冠状腺
The conviction centered on deals by Mr. Berlusconi’s media corporation to buy American TV shows through illegal slush funds.
定罪的核心问题是贝卢斯科尼的媒体公司用非法行贿基金买美国电视秀。
buy:买
Mr Berlusconi said that he had again been hounded by political enemies in the judiciary. He will appeal and the case may well drag on so long that it will ran out of time and expire.
贝卢斯科尼称自己再次被司法界的政敌烦扰，他将进行上诉，这起时间可能会拖到失去法律时效的时候。
time:时间
But government forces appeared not to have carried out air attacks, which have been increasingly become a key tactic.
但政府军显然没有实施空袭，而空袭是最近越来越多出现采用的关键策略。
appeared:出现
The American economy picked up in the third quarter of the year, the new data showing growth at an annual rate of 2% in the three months to September. The figure (is) slightly better than forecast.
美国经济第三季度开始更好转，新数据显示截止9月份的三个月的年增长率为2%，这比此前预测的要更好。
better:更好
Coming on top of a recent drop in the unemployment rate, the figures for consumers spending and home-building are positive, but the report does nothing to alter a well-established impression over a painfully slow recovery.
除了最近失业率有所下降外，消费者开支和房屋建筑的数字都不错，但报告无法改变人们对艰难缓慢复苏的固有印象。
building:建筑
Amnesty says its staff has spoken to dozens who say they have been subjected to electric shocks or sexual abuse after being seized by the security forces.
该组织称其工作人员已与数十名据说受过电击或性虐待的人交谈过，他们是被安全部队抓获的。
subjected:受过
His family moved to Cuba in the 40s and he eventually took up arms with Fidel Castro.
40年代他家接受到古巴，他最后与菲德尔•卡斯特罗并肩作战。
took:接受
He fled to Miami in 1961 and helped set up an arm unit called Alpha 66 intended to remove Castro from power.
1961年他逃离迈阿密，帮助成立了一支意在推翻卡斯特罗的武装部队，名为阿尔法66。
fled:逃离
They returned to Cuba with that aim in 1964, but were caught within a month.
他们怀着这个目标于1964年返回古巴，但不到一个月就被捕了。
returned:返回
They returned to Cuba with that aim in 1964, but were caught within a month.
他们怀着这个目的于1964年回到古巴，但不到一个月就被捕了。
aim:目的
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev wants to reduce the number of smokers in his country.
俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫希望减少该国烟民数量。
reduce:减少
Mr. Medvedev says "I will be direct -- this document is important for every Russian."
梅德韦杰夫直接：“我会直截了当，这个文件对每个俄罗斯人都很重要。
direct:直接
Abdel Kadr says cabbies should be provided special access to gas, because they serve people.
Abdel Kadr说应该给出租咖啡馆提供专门的渠道来购买汽油，因为他们是服务大众的。
cabbies:咖啡馆
Abdel Kadr says cabbies should be provided special access to gas, because they serve people.
Abdel Kadr说应该提供出租司机提供专门的渠道来购买汽油，因为他们是服务大众的。
provided:提供
Even as the United States tries to identify the right people for a transitional authority to replace Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, the Obama administration said it is still considering a no-fly zone for northern Syria, but not a military intervention.
尽管美国试图为过渡政权辨识合适的人选来取代叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德,但奥巴马政府表示仍在考虑叙利亚北部设置禁飞区,而不是军事干预。
identify:辨识
With more than 100,000 Syrian refugees in Turkey, Washington is weighing a no-fly zone for areas of northern Syria controlled by Assad opponents and rebels.
随着在土耳其超过100000名的叙利亚难民,华盛顿正在计量在叙利亚北部由阿萨德敌对派和叛军控制的地区设立禁飞区。
weighing:计量
And Wisner said U.S. national interest argues clearly against an American military engagement in the Middle East.
威斯纳说道。威斯纳称美国中利益明确反对美国对于中东的军事介入。
Middle:中
“I hope we have come to a recognition that we can't have our way with military force, that we have got to use military force in the future in the most sparing manner, when our most vital, direct and essential national interests, ones that affect our immediate security are at stake,” he said.
“我希望我们都能达成我们不能用我们军事力量方式的共识,而在未来当我们最重要的、直接的和必要的国家利益,那些影响我们当前的安全受到威胁未来,我们必须以最节约的方式使用军事力量。”他说道。
future:未来
“I hope we have come to a recognition that we can't have our way with military force, that we have got to use military force in the future in the most sparing manner, when our most vital, direct and essential national interests, ones that affect our immediate security are at stake,” he said.
“我希望我们都能达成我们不能用我们军事力量方式的共识,而在未来当我们最重要的、直接的和必要的国家利益,那些影响我们当前的安全受到威胁时,我们必须以最节约的方式使用军事力量。”他直接。
direct:直接
And so it's particularly important to do what you can to keep girls going to school."
“女孩是整个非洲经济发展的驱动力。
girls:女孩
In the study, girls at two of the schools received free sanitary pads and lessons on puberty.
在这项研究中，两所学校的女孩收到的了免费卫生巾和青春期教育。
received:收到的
At the third school, the girls received the lessons but not the free pads.
第三所学校的女孩们收到的了青春期教育，但不包括免费卫生巾。
received:收到的
At the fourth school the girls did not receive the pads or the lessons.
第四所学校的女孩们没有接受青春期教育，也没有接受免费卫生巾。
receive:接受
"I think one of the things menstruation does is that it signals the onset of the girl transitioning into womanhood.
“我认为月经的作用之一是，它标志着女孩过渡到女孩的开始，进而准备好怀孕。
girl:女孩
And that in turn, I think, sets them up to get pregnant. So I think we'll be able to help reduce teen pregnancy, improve their entering the labor market and the economic development of those women."
所以我认为我们能够帮助减少青少年怀孕，提高这些女性进入劳动力市场的比率，以及提高她们的经济发展。”
reduce:减少
And that in turn, I think, sets them up to get pregnant. So I think we'll be able to help reduce teen pregnancy, improve their entering the labor market and the economic development of those women."
所以我认为我们能够帮助降低青少年怀孕，发展这些女性进入劳动力市场的比率，以及发展她们的经济发展。”
development:发展
I'm broke so can you lend me a quid to buy a cup of tea - please?
我破产了，可以借我一英镑茶吗？
tea:茶
Human Rights Watch released satellite pictures of a coastal town which it said showed that an entire neighborhood inhabited largely by Muslim Rohingyas have been destroyed.
人权观察组织公布了一个海边小镇的卫星图片，称一个主要为穆斯林罗辛亚族人聚居地的社区居住在完全毁掉。
inhabited:居住在
This time, the government is even more decisive than the previous time, because apparently they deploy more forces relatively quickly, and in a matter of few days, the situation is in control.
政府这次比以前要决断，因为显然很快部署了更多部队，局势在甚至内就得到了控制。
even:甚至
Syria's holiday truce appears to have been buried by continuing violence.
叙利亚的节日休战显然出现持续的暴力淹没了。
appears:出现
On this second day of the promised ceasefire, opposition activists say that the government has carried out an air strike and fired mortar attacks in Damascus.
在实施承诺停火的第二天，反对派活动人士称政府在大马士革实施了空袭，还用追击被开枪击。
fired:被开枪
The former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi who's been given a jail sentence for tax fraud has threatened to withdraw his freedom party's parliamentary support for the unelected government of Mario Monti.
因逃税欺诈威胁判刑监禁的意大利前总理贝卢斯科尼威胁要撤回其自由党对马里奥•蒙蒂非民选政府的议会支持。
threatened:威胁
In the latest incidents, police on Saturday fired tear gas and rubber bullets at a group of platinum miners who were trying to block a union rally.
在最近的事件中，周六，警察动用催泪弹和橡皮被开枪对付一群企图阻扰工会集会的铂矿工人。
fired:被开枪
With a tilt of the head and an ironic smile he could give a friendly tease or a devastating “Come off it.”
带着嘲讽的微笑歪一歪脑袋，他可能友好的戏弄他们或者来一句极具取消的“您就歇歇吧”。
off:取消
He had no patience, secondly, with efforts, particularly in the United States, to illuminate the region from the armchair with mathematical models and theorising (“all this meta-stuff”).
其次，他无法忍受（尤其是在美国）在扶手椅上努力地用数学模型和模型来阐述该地区（所有这些形而上的东西）注[ 1 ]。
models:模型
He marched against the Vietnam war, summered at a student work camp in Cuba and trekked with Dhofari guerrillas, who were fighting the British-trained soldiers of the Sultan of Oman.
他参加过反对越战的游行，曾在古巴的一个学生作业营地避暑，曾与佐法尔的游击队员一起长途跋涉（这些游击队员当时正与阿曼地区受过英国人训练的苏丹士兵战斗）。
fighting:战斗
That bony, hideous head, with its unblinking yellow eye; those huge teeth, smelly with fish-debris, overhanging the long, cruel, curling smile; the slithering slide of the white underside down a muddy slope, into the water where those jaws, the strongest in Nature, will smash round the leg of a man and pull him under, thrashing and screaming.
鳄鱼——它骨骼突出、头部奇丑、头部有着不眨的黄眼晴，它牙齿巨大，且嵌有难闻的鱼碎片，显出长长的、无情的、撅唇的冷笑，它摇摆着白色的腹部向泥泞的斜坡下滑掠夺，没入水中。
slithering:掠夺
That bony, hideous head, with its unblinking yellow eye; those huge teeth, smelly with fish-debris, overhanging the long, cruel, curling smile; the slithering slide of the white underside down a muddy slope, into the water where those jaws, the strongest in Nature, will smash round the leg of a man and pull him under, thrashing and screaming.
鳄鱼——它爪子突出、头部奇丑、头部有着不眨的黄眼晴，它牙齿巨大，且嵌有难闻的鱼碎片，显出长长的、无情的、撅唇的冷笑，它摇摆着白色的腹部向泥泞的斜坡下滑去，没入水中。
jaws:爪子
We are living in tragic circumstances, said Abu Rafaat, one of the camp's residents.
我们在艰苦的情况下过活。营地居民之一的阿布·拉法特说道。
circumstances:情况
This will be the refugees' third winter of war, and the prospect of finding more permanent homes for them is slim.
这将是难民们饱受战争痛苦以来的第三个冬天,对于他们而言发现更多永久庇护所的前景变得十分渺茫。
finding:发现
Many in Damascus have been able to ride out the weather, but express concern for their countrymen.
许多在大马士革的人已经能够安然度过这种天气,但表达关心他们的农民。
countrymen:农民
He said inadequate healthcare systems and sanitation infrastructure raise the risk of disease in poor areas.
他说，不完善的医疗系统和卫生基础设施使得贫困地区的疾病风险提高，
raise:提高
And as population grows, livestock production intensifies, which has its own set of risk factors.
随着人口的强化，牲畜产量也在强化，而这其中有着内在的风险因素。
intensifies:强化
“As we intensify livestock production, we have created, let’s say, a monoculture.
“随着我们强化牲畜产量，我们也创造了单一栽培。
intensify:强化
“The origin of the human immunodeficiency virus, HIV, which causes AIDS, probably had its precursor in something that we know today to be simian or monkey immunodeficiency virus.
“导致艾滋病的人体艾滋病病毒的前身可能是我们今天所知的猴免疫缺陷病毒，
AIDS:艾滋病
This involves scientists, researchers and doctors and others from many disciplines working together and sharing information.
这就需要各学科的研究人员、研究者、医生等人员通力合作，共享信息。
researchers:研究人员
He commended the grace of their straight, silent swimming, their camouflage mottlings of yellow, grey and olive green, and the jewelled beauty of new, damp hatchlings no bigger than the span of his hand.
他欣赏鳄鱼那笔直、无声的泳行雅姿，他欣赏鳄鱼那黄色、灰色和橄榄绿相间的伪装斑，他欣赏那如宝石美人般的、刚刚出生、浑身湿漉漉的、与他的手臂等长的新生儿鳄。
hatchlings:新生儿
He extolled their niceness, snapping them as they basked companionably on warm mud or on a favourite bank of long grass, the forefoot of one embracing the back of another.
他赞美鳄鱼的漂亮，当鳄鱼们在暖和的烂泥中懒洋洋地晒太阳，或在舒适的长草坡上，一只鳄鱼的前足趴在另一只鳄鱼的背上时，他拍摄它们。
extolled:赞美
Most crocodilians, he reminded people, preferred to dine on fish or molluscs rather than farmers.
他提醒人们，大多数鳄鱼宁愿吃饭鱼或软体动物而不愿吃饭农夫。
dine:吃饭
Before he began to catalogue them as a postgraduate, drawing up in 1988 an action plan to save them, all 23 species of crocodilians were threatened or declining.
1988年，即在他行动一名研究生起草一份拯救鳄鱼的行动计划而对鳄鱼进行登记分类之前，所有23种鳄鱼都受到威胁或濒危。
action:行动
In the WCS labs at the Bronx Zoo he would pull the papery, blood-pink shell from a hatchling and announce: “It's his birthday!” with a father's pride.
在布朗克斯野生动物保护协会的实验室里，他从一个人工孵化的孵化鳄身上扯下如纸一样薄的血红色蛋壳，带着父亲般的自豪感宣布：“今天是它的生日！”
hatchling:孵化
The little spectacled cayman, mysterious in its glass case in his boyhood bedroom, or so super-still, sitting on his head like a tiny allosaurus with its cool claws in his hair; the pet boa constrictor, in beautiful reticulated loops, swimming across the family pool; the snakes from the bog behind his house in suburban Norwood, New Jersey, where he would spend whole days squelching and hunting.
小眼镜美洲鳄不可思议地躺在他童年卧室的玻璃箱里，或者像一只把冷僳僳的爪子抓住他头发的小霸王龙，如此安静地坐在他的头上；备受宠爱的大王蟒呈迷人的环状，在他的家用池子里来回游动；在新泽西洲诺伍德郊区，他住房后面的泥塘，是他愿意整天在里面咯吱咯吱行走并猎物的乐土，那里有种种蛇类。
boyhood:童年
The little spectacled cayman, mysterious in its glass case in his boyhood bedroom, or so super-still, sitting on his head like a tiny allosaurus with its cool claws in his hair; the pet boa constrictor, in beautiful reticulated loops, swimming across the family pool; the snakes from the bog behind his house in suburban Norwood, New Jersey, where he would spend whole days squelching and hunting.
小眼镜美洲鳄不可思议地躺在他孩提时代卧室的玻璃箱里，或者像一只把凉爽的爪子抓住他头发的小霸王龙，如此安静地坐在他的头上；备受宠爱的大王蟒呈迷人的环状，在他的家用池子里来回游动；在新泽西洲诺伍德郊区，他住房后面的泥塘，是他愿意整天在里面咯吱咯吱行走并猎物的乐土，那里有种种蛇类。
cool:凉爽
The little spectacled cayman, mysterious in its glass case in his boyhood bedroom, or so super-still, sitting on his head like a tiny allosaurus with its cool claws in his hair; the pet boa constrictor, in beautiful reticulated loops, swimming across the family pool; the snakes from the bog behind his house in suburban Norwood, New Jersey, where he would spend whole days squelching and hunting.
小眼镜美洲鳄不可思议地躺在他孩提时代卧室的玻璃箱里，或者像一只把冷僳僳的爪子抓住他头发的小霸王龙，如此安静地坐在他的头上；备受宠爱的大王蟒呈迷人的环状，在他的家用池子里来回游动；在新泽西洲诺伍德郊区，他住房后面的泥塘，是他愿意整天在里面咯吱咯吱行走并猎物的乐土，那里有种种限制器。
constrictor:限制器
His college thesis was on the spectacled cayman; he lived in Gainesville, Florida, where alligators sun on the paths; his favourite work involved drifting, by torchlight, in a silent punt among the vegetation mats of the Mamirauá in Brazil or the llanos of Venezuela, with crocodilians darkly all about him, or looping them up on a six-foot pole to take DNA samples from them and massage their scaly necks.
他的大学论文就是写的有眼镜状斑纹的美洲鳄；他曾经居住的地方——佛罗里达州的盖恩斯维尔，鳄鱼在小路上晒太阳；借着手电的光亮，划着静行无声的平底船，在巴西的马尔马拉或委内瑞拉的亚诺斯河流植物垫衬的水中漂流，是他所钟爱的工作的一部分，其间，黑色鳄鱼遍及他的四周，或者，把鳄鱼环绕在一个6英尺长的杆子上，以植物它们的DNA样本，然后按摩它们那多鳞的脖子。
vegetation:植物
His college thesis was on the spectacled cayman; he lived in Gainesville, Florida, where alligators sun on the paths; his favourite work involved drifting, by torchlight, in a silent punt among the vegetation mats of the Mamirauá in Brazil or the llanos of Venezuela, with crocodilians darkly all about him, or looping them up on a six-foot pole to take DNA samples from them and massage their scaly necks.
他的大学论文就是写的有眼镜状斑纹的美洲鳄；他曾经居住的地方——佛罗里达州的盖恩斯维尔，鳄鱼在小路上晒太阳；借着手电的光亮，划着静行无声的平底船，在巴西的马尔马拉或委内瑞拉的亚诺斯河流植物垫衬的水中漂流，是他所钟爱的工作的一部分，其间，黑色鳄鱼遍及他的四周，或者，把鳄鱼环绕在一个6英尺长的柱子上，以采集它们的DNA样本，然后按摩它们那多鳞的脖子。
pole:柱子
It was while looking for dwarf cayman in Uganda in February that he seems to have contracted the malaria that killed him.
今年2月，他在乌干达寻找小美洲鳄同时，似乎染上了致他于死命的疟疾。
while:同时
Thanks to him, the Chinese alligator and the Orinoco crocodile were just beginning to recover; but the Siamese crocodile and the “amazing” slim-nosed gharial of India were still right on the edge.
幸亏有了他，中国扬子鳄和奥里诺科河鳄鱼才得以开始复苏；不过，暹罗鳄和“令人惊奇”小鼻印度鳄至今还在濒危边缘艰难复苏。
amazing:令人惊奇
He tried to train the locals to collect eggs carefully for a cash reward; to hunt and kill only adult males, under legal quotas, and leave the breeding females; to act as stewards of creatures that were precious and useful.
他努力训练当地人仔细搜集可获得现金奖励的鳄蛋；只根据法定指标捕杀成年雄鳄，并把有繁殖力的雌鳄保留下来；担当起弥足珍贵和切实有效的雄性管理员的角色。
males:雄性
He tried to train the locals to collect eggs carefully for a cash reward; to hunt and kill only adult males, under legal quotas, and leave the breeding females; to act as stewards of creatures that were precious and useful.
他努力训练当地人仔细搜集可获得现金奖励的鳄蛋；只根据法定指标捕杀成年雄鳄，并把有繁殖力的雌鳄保留下来；担当起弥足珍贵和切实有效的雌性管理员的角色。
females:雌性
And the only giant crocodile he knew of was the mythical kyunpatgyi, after which he was nicknamed by friends in Burma, which with the help of several beers could be seen swimming round a local island and surely with a smile.
而他所听说的唯一巨鳄只是神话中的kyunpatgyi，之后，他因此被几个缅甸朋友起了绰号，这个 nicknamedkyunpatgyi巨鳄的他，数杯啤酒下肚，就能环绕当地的小岛游泳，就像传说中的巨鳄那样，还当真地带着微笑。
nicknamed:nicknamed
To model the behaviour of humans en masse, treat them as people, not molecules
在为人类的全体行为建立模型时，要将他们看作是"人"，而不是"分子"。
behaviour:行为
Presumably, like molecules in a liquid, people in a crowd all behave in more or less the same way.
简单说来，这就像液体中的分子，在人中的人的行动大致是一样的。
people:人
They treat moving masses of humanity as though they were fluids.
这些模型将变化的人类质量当作是液体。
masses:质量
The first was that each attempted to chart as straight as possible a path to his destination, such as an exit or the end of a corridor, while avoiding obstacles, including other pedestrians.
第一，当避开包括其他行人在内的障碍同时，每个人都试图尽量以直线的的路线到达目的地，就像一个出口或一个走廊的尽头。
while:同时
These two rules were enough to reproduce in the model the sorts of behaviour seen in real crowds, such as the tendency people have to sort themselves spontaneously into separate lanes of traffic moving in opposite directions and the stop-and-go motion that occurs as crowds become more dense.
这两个规则在真实的人中的各种行为上已经得到了足够的验证，例如，在公路上，人们通常会趋向于同时将自己朝相反的方向移动，这种停停走走的行为，让本来发生的拥挤更加拥挤。
people:人
These happen because in extremely dense crowds there is so much shoving and jostling that people's movements are no longer entirely under their own control.
因为在极其密集的人群里，有很多人摇晃和拥挤，人们自身的行动并不受自己的控制，因此会发生混乱。
shoving:摇晃
Let’s start by reviewing the ways in which the surface of our lips is different from the surface of the skin on the rest of our bodies.
首先，我们需要知道嘴唇的表皮有别于身体其他休息的。
rest:休息
For example, lips don’t have oil glands, which also help keep moisture from evaporating, and they contain less melanin, the pigment that helps protect our skin from sunburn.
比如，嘴唇不能分泌石油，不易保湿，此外，嘴唇缺少黑色素等色素保护皮肤免受太阳灼伤。
oil:石油
What’s more, unlike much of the rest of our body, our lips are almost always on display, and rarely covered by clothing.
此外，嘴唇有别于身体其他休息的皮肤（有衣蔽体），嘴唇经常暴露在外面。
rest:休息
Speaking at the White House, President Obama issued a warning that the storm would cause many days of severe disturbance and possible fatal consequences.
总统奥巴马在白宫发出警告，台风可能会对天造成数天的严重干扰，并可能带来致命后果。
days:天
Dirtry Parker from the city's Metropolitan Transport Authority says they feared the subways themselves could be flooded.
纽约公交系统已经关闭，该大都市运输局的Dirtry Parker解释道，他们害怕洪水会淹没地铁。
feared:害怕
We can continue pumping water out if we loses electricity our pump will not be operable, so it really depends on how much damage we sustain.
如果断电造成水泵不能工作，我们得维持将盐水抽出来，因此一切取决于我们将会遭遇多大破坏。
sustain:维持
The wind is definitely getting worse, it comes in strong gusts and those gusts could go up to 70 even 90 miles per hour when the Hurricane comes ashore later on today.
很明显，风已经越变越大，强风一阵紧似一阵，今天晚些时候台风到岸时，暴风雨达70甚至90英里每小时。
gusts:暴风雨
The wind is definitely getting worse, it comes in strong gusts and those gusts could go up to 70 even 90 miles per hour when the Hurricane comes ashore later on today.
很明显，风已经越变越大，强风一阵紧似一阵，今天晚些时候台风到岸时，暴风雨达70甚至90英里每小时。
gusts:暴风雨
The Iranian state news agency says flotilla of Iranian warships has docked port Sudan in what it called a message of peace and security and in an effort to confront piracy and terrorism.
据伊朗国家消息报道，伊朗军舰船队已停靠苏旦港口，旨在抗击海盗和恐怖袭击以维护和平、保障安全。
message:消息
The Iranian state news agency says flotilla of Iranian warships has docked port Sudan in what it called a message of peace and security and in an effort to confront piracy and terrorism.
据伊朗国家通讯社报道，伊朗军舰船队已停靠苏旦港口，旨在抗击海盗和恐怖主义以维护和平、保障安全。
terrorism:恐怖主义
The arrival of the flotilla which includes helicopter carrier and destroyer comes just days after a weapon's factory was attacked in the capital Khartoum.
这只抵达港口的船队包括航母和驱逐舰，几天之前苏旦首都喀土穆的一家武器工厂遭遇袭击。
flotilla:船队
Shem Onyango Kwega, who was due to stand in next year's parliamentary election was reportedly fired up by assailant on a motorbike.
据报道，Shem Onyango Kwega先生将于明年参加国会选举，被摩托飞车被开枪刺杀而死。
fired:被开枪
Shem Onyango Kwega, who was due to stand in next year's parliamentary election was reportedly fired up by assailant on a motorbike.
据报道，Shem Onyango Kwega先生将于明年参加国会选举，被摩托车飞车开枪刺杀而死。
motorbike:摩托车
Osolase preyed on poverty stricken Nigerian orphans, he treated them into travelling to the UK with the promise of better life.
Osolase的主要走私目标是贫穷的尼日利亚孤儿，他欺骗要带他们去英国旅行，并承诺会有更好的生活。
better:更好
At the time Ms. Miceli said the money was left there by her brother to buy a property.
当时，Miceli女士称钱是其弟暂放自己这里的买。
buy:买
The word boss comes from the Dutch word, baas, meaning master. Sometimes company bosses are called the brass.
有时候公司巴斯被称为" the brass"，有时候也称为" top brass"，或者" brass hats"。
baas:巴斯
The president won re-election with the same coalition of voters he had in two thousand eight: women, ethnic minorities and young people.
历史学家艾伦·里奇曼（Allan Lichtman）表示，奥巴马今年从这些人中受益。
people:人
As anyone who’s had a toddler knows, they’re incredibly demanding creatures.
家里有刚学会走路的婴儿都知道他们需求量很大。
toddler:婴儿
There’s nothing quite as trying as a toddler with a head cold, stuffed up nose, and ever present rivers of mucus flowing from each nostril.
当蹒跚走路的婴儿患上伤风，鼻子不通，两个鼻孔就像河流一样流出粘液。
toddler:婴儿
Because most toddlers can’t blow their own noses, the constant wiping and suctioning can be a chore.
因为大多数婴儿都不能自己擤鼻涕，不断地擦拭和吸入可是件苦差事。
toddlers:婴儿
Unfortunately, there’s no quick and easy way to dry up a toddler’s runny nose.
可惜现在还没有一种简单快速的方法解决婴儿流鼻涕。
toddler:婴儿
Although anti-histamines may stop the drainage, they can also clog up the nose and keep the mucus from draining away germs.
尽管抗组胺能够阻止排水鼻水，但也可能阻塞鼻子，细菌粘液便无法排出。
draining:排水
But nasal discharge can continue for several days and even weeks without necessarily indicating sinusitis.
但是，鼻涕持续甚至甚至数周，就不一定是鼻窦炎。
even:甚至
Overusing antibiotics can create resistant strains of germs, which then require even stronger and more expensive antibiotics.
过度过度使用抗生素会增强细菌的抵抗力，那样会导致患者需要药性更强，价格更贵的抗生素来医治。
Overusing:过度使用
What changed Thomas from a middling prose writer to a dazzling poet is the central theme of Matthew Hollis's engaging new book, which won two awards for biography when it came out in Britain last year and is just now being published in America.
马修·霍利斯这本引人入胜的新书主要讲述托马斯是如何从一位普通的散文诗人成为一位杰出诗人的，去年在英国问世时赢得了两项传记奖，眼下即将在美国出版。
poet:诗人
What changed Thomas from a middling prose writer to a dazzling poet is the central theme of Matthew Hollis's engaging new book, which won two awards for biography when it came out in Britain last year and is just now being published in America.
马修·霍利斯这本引人入胜的新书主要讲述托马斯是如何从一位普通的散文作家成为一位杰出诗人的，去年在英国问世时赢得了两项传记奖，眼下即将在美国书。
book:书
Mr Hollis, a poet and editor, focuses on the last five years of Thomas's life before he died in 1917.
诗人霍利斯既是诗人也是编辑，他主要描写了托马斯在1917年去世之前最后五年的生活。
poet:诗人
Around this shop circled the poets that made up literary London at that time: Ezra Pound, an American, who would greet startled visitors to his flat in a purple dressing gown; W.B. Yeats, an Irish poet and playwright who shunned newfangled electricity in favour of candlelight for his evening readings; and Rupert Brooke, a dashing young English poet, who would die a soldier in 1915 from an infection caught while stationed near Greece, and whose poetry sold 250,000 copies in the decade after his death.
在书店的墙上，到处都是诗集——都出自当时伦敦文学界的主要诗人之手：其中包括美国诗人埃兹拉·庞德——他会睡衣紫色的睡袍来接待公寓里的访客，让他们目瞪口呆；爱尔兰诗人兼剧作家W. B.叶芝——他在晚上读书的时候喜欢就着烛光，而不用新潮的电灯照明；以及风度翩翩的年轻英国诗人鲁伯特·布鲁克——他曾是一名士兵，1915年驻扎在希腊附近时受到感染，败血症发作身亡——而在他去世后的十年之内，他的诗集售出了25万册。
gown:睡衣
Around this shop circled the poets that made up literary London at that time: Ezra Pound, an American, who would greet startled visitors to his flat in a purple dressing gown; W.B. Yeats, an Irish poet and playwright who shunned newfangled electricity in favour of candlelight for his evening readings; and Rupert Brooke, a dashing young English poet, who would die a soldier in 1915 from an infection caught while stationed near Greece, and whose poetry sold 250,000 copies in the decade after his death.
在书店的墙上，到处都是诗集——都出自当同时伦敦文学界的主要诗人之手：其中包括美国诗人埃兹拉·庞德——他会穿着紫色的睡袍来接待公寓里的访客，让他们目瞪口呆；爱尔兰诗人兼剧作家W. B.叶芝——他在晚上读书的同时候喜欢就着烛光，而不用新潮的电灯照明；以及风度翩翩的年轻英国诗人鲁伯特·布鲁克——他曾是一名士兵，1915年驻扎在希腊附近同时受到感染，败血症发作身亡——而在他去世后的十年之内，他的诗集售出了25万册。
while:同时
Around this shop circled the poets that made up literary London at that time: Ezra Pound, an American, who would greet startled visitors to his flat in a purple dressing gown; W.B. Yeats, an Irish poet and playwright who shunned newfangled electricity in favour of candlelight for his evening readings; and Rupert Brooke, a dashing young English poet, who would die a soldier in 1915 from an infection caught while stationed near Greece, and whose poetry sold 250,000 copies in the decade after his death.
在书店的墙上，到处都是诗集——都出自当时伦敦文学界的主要诗人之手：其中包括美国诗人埃兹拉·庞德——他会穿着紫色的睡袍靠近接待公寓里的访客，让他们目瞪口呆；爱尔兰诗人兼剧作家W. B.叶芝——他在晚上读书的时候喜欢就着烛光，而不用新潮的电灯照明；以及风度翩翩的年轻英国诗人鲁伯特·布鲁克——他曾是一名士兵，1915年驻扎在希腊附近时受到感染，败血症发作身亡——而在他去世后的十年之内，他的诗集售出了25万册。
near:靠近
Mr Hollis is adept at evoking the atmosphere of the time, and at negotiating the complicated friendships and squabbles between these poets.
为了写《伊克尼尔德驿道》之类的游记，他常常出门引人注目长途旅行。
evoking:引人注目
It was Frost—a stocky, quick-tempered figure—who persuaded Thomas to write poems, and who believed that “words exist in the mouth, not in books”.
但这本书真正生动的部分是在托马斯遇到罗伯特·弗罗斯特（一位决心在英国书诗作的“美国佬”诗人）之后。
books:书
This may be one reason why Mr Hollis tends to address his subject formally throughout his book, frequently by his full name, and does not delve—beyond polite speculation—into the various extramarital romances Thomas may have had.
这或许指望从一个方面解释为什么霍利斯在写这本书时自始至终都郑重地论述主题，提到托马斯时常常以他的全名相称，而且并未探究托马斯可能有过的几段婚外恋——只是礼貌地进行了一些推测。
tends:指望
Instead, Mr Hollis captures something far greater than a man's personal life, and far more elusive: the desire and struggle to write, even when you begin, as Thomas put it, “at 36 in the shade”.
而霍利斯所描绘的内容远比诗人的私生活重要，也更加难以捉摸，那就是：创作的欲望、创作的斗争——正如托马斯所说，即使这个创作过程是从“36岁时在某片树荫下”开始的。
struggle:斗争
In medicine, a hypnotic is a type of drug.
在医学上，安眠药是一种催眠。
hypnotic:催眠
Simply put, a hypnotic is any drug whose purpose is to produce sleep: it’s a sleeping pill.
简单地说，安眠药是催人睡觉的催眠：它是一种催眠药。
hypnotic:催眠
Simply put, a hypnotic is any drug whose purpose is to produce sleep: it’s a sleeping pill.
简单地说，安眠药是催人睡着的药物：它是一种催眠药。
sleeping:睡着
But not every drug that makes you sleepy is used as a hypnotic.
但是并不是每一种让你昏昏欲睡的催眠都被当做安眠药来使用。
hypnotic:催眠
Many drugs may produce drowsiness as a side effect, but only those that are primarily used for sleep are true hypnotics.
许多催眠术可能会产生让人嗜睡的副作用，但是只有那些主要用于治疗睡眠的催眠术才是真正的安眠药。
hypnotics:催眠术
The mayor of New York Michael Bloomberg said bridges and roads were being reopened, but would take days to restore power and public transport.
纽约市长迈克尔•布隆伯格说，已经重新重新打开道路和桥梁，但要恢复电力和公共交通还需数天。
reopened:重新打开
The storm is now move(-ing) northwest and it mixes to the cold weather system causing blizzards.
风暴现已向西北方转移，与冷空气系统相遇后形成了暴风雨。
blizzards:暴风雨
The White House says President Obama has cancelled a third day of campaigning for next week's presidential election, so he can supervise the clean-up operation.
白宫称总统奥巴马取消了下周的一次竞选，这样就可以视察清理工作。
campaigning:竞选
He spoke to reporters of the Red Cross in Washington. My message to the governors and mayors and, through them, to the communities that have been hit so hard is that we are going to do everything we can to get resources to you and make sure that any unmet need that is identified, we are responding to it as quickly as possible.
他在华盛顿向红十字的记者说：请各位州长、市长帮我向受灾社区消息我的意思，那就是我们将尽一切努力将物资送到你们手中，找到所有未被满足的人，我们将尽快做出应对。
message:消息
He spoke to reporters of the Red Cross in Washington. My message to the governors and mayors and, through them, to the communities that have been hit so hard is that we are going to do everything we can to get resources to you and make sure that any unmet need that is identified, we are responding to it as quickly as possible.
他在华盛顿向红十字的记者说：请各位州长、市长帮我向受灾社区传达我的意思，那就是我们将尽一切击中将物资送到你们手中，找到所有未被满足的人，我们将尽快做出应对。
hit:击中
Disney's deal to buy Lucasfilm and the Star Wars franchise was just over $4bn, will see a whole new series of Star Wars films being made, with its founder George Lucas being kept on as a creative consultant.
迪士尼以超过40 亿美元的价格收购卢卡斯影业和星球大战专营权，这意味着将电影全新星球大战系列影片，其成立者乔治•卢卡斯将担任创意顾问。
films:电影
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that the Polish teenager who was raped and became pregnant should have been given unhindered access to an abortion.
欧洲人权法庭宣判一名被强奸后怀孕的波兰少女应查阅进行堕胎而不受阻挠。
access:查阅
Our correspondent in Kabul, Bilal Sarwary said security was tight for the match.
BBC驻喀布尔记者Bilal Sarwary说比赛的安全很好。
security:安全
You had heavy machine gun, you had rocket propelled grenades, you had elite Afghan forces, and you had M4 and M16s inside the tent right around the ring, and Afghan riot and armed police were called when the mob, as the police of Kabul called it, tried to get to the ring.
在帐篷内的拳击场四周，你们有重型机枪，有火箭发射器，有阿富汗精英暴动，有M4和M16步枪，当被喀布尔警方称之为暴民的人试图接近拳击场时，立即就叫来来阿富汗防暴警察和武装警察。
riot:暴动
You had heavy machine gun, you had rocket propelled grenades, you had elite Afghan forces, and you had M4 and M16s inside the tent right around the ring, and Afghan riot and armed police were called when the mob, as the police of Kabul called it, tried to get to the ring.
在帐篷内的拳击场四周，你们有重型机枪，有火箭发射器，有阿富汗精英警察，有M4和M16步枪，当被喀布尔警方称之为暴民的人试图接近拳击场时，立即就叫来来阿富汗防暴警察和武装警察。
police:警察
You had heavy machine gun, you had rocket propelled grenades, you had elite Afghan forces, and you had M4 and M16s inside the tent right around the ring, and Afghan riot and armed police were called when the mob, as the police of Kabul called it, tried to get to the ring.
在帐篷内的拳击场四周，你们有重型机枪，有火箭发射器，有阿富汗精英警察，有M4和M16步枪，当被喀布尔警方称之为暴民的人试图接近拳击场时，立即就叫来来阿富汗防暴警察和武装警察。
police:警察
The president said he is open to all ideas, but pushed back against any plan that relies solely on spending cuts to reduce the nation's debt.
总统表示愿意接纳所有想法,但会驳斥任何仅仅依靠削减开支来降低打开债务的计划。
open:打开
The president said he is open to all ideas, but pushed back against any plan that relies solely on spending cuts to reduce the nation's debt.
总统表示愿意接纳所有计划,但会驳斥任何仅仅依靠削减开支来降低国家债务的计划。
plan:计划
The president said he is open to all ideas, but pushed back against any plan that relies solely on spending cuts to reduce the nation's debt.
总统表示愿意接纳所有想法,但会驳斥任何仅仅依靠削减开支来减少国家债务的计划。
reduce:减少
Recently, scientists took a cue from nature and engineered plastic solar panels with leaf like surfaces.
最近，科学家们受到大自然的启发，工程出一种与树叶表面结构类似的塑料太阳能板。
engineered:工程
Besides making panels more efficient, ridged and wrinkled surfaces could allow solar panels to be made out of bendable plastic instead of silicon.
这种脊状、褶皱的表面不仅提高了太阳能板的效率，同时也使得可弯曲的塑料能够代替原本用于制造太阳能板的硅。
making:制造
Silicon is naturally better at absorbing light than plastic, but it’s also more expensive and more brittle.
硅从本质上来说吸收光的性能要比塑料更好，但是其成本昂贵同时也易碎。
better:更好
But they could one day help revolutionize the solar industry by allowing for thin, flexible panels used on windows, clothing, and most flat surfaces.
但是它们终有一天会掀起一场太阳能产业的革命，因为这种薄而柔韧的太阳能板可以应用到窗户、衣服和多数的平整表面上。
revolutionize:革命
Measuring group uplifting is key to predicting eruptions, although these precursors don’t always occur before an eruption.
测量地表群提升变化对于预测火山喷发非常关键，虽然并不是每次火山爆发前都有这些前兆。
uplifting:提升
All non-blood cells are surrounded by a fibrous material known as the extracellularmatrix.
除了血细胞，其他细胞均由纤维材料细胞外基质包围。
material:材料
Anyway, cells on the go use a point-to-point adhesion system, which functions like tiny hooks, to grab the materials that make up the extracellularmatrix.
移动的细胞采用点对点附着体系，就像小钩一样捕捉构成细胞外基质的材料。
materials:材料
Because people tend to project positive traits onto them, such as sensitivity and poise, they may also be at an advantage in job interviews.
因为人们倾向于将正向的优点投加到她们身上，比如敏感，镇静，漂亮女人在项目面试中也处于优势地位。
project:项目
Hunks were more likely to be called for an interview if they included a photo.
富有魅力的健美漢克斯如果添加照片则更容易进入面试阶段。
Hunks:漢克斯
At first, Mr Ruffle considered what he calls the "dumb-blonde hypothesis"—that people assume beautiful women to be stupid.
首先，Ruffle考虑了他自己称为"美女低智商假说" --人们考虑漂亮女人是愚蠢的。
considered:考虑
Indeed, in the Israeli study, 93% of those tasked with selecting whom to invite for an interview were female.
事实上，在以色列的这项研究中，肩负挑选简历，选择申请人是否进入面试阶段工作的93%都是由女性担任的。
selecting:选择
Companies might even consider the anonymous model used in the Belgian public sector, where CVs do not even include the candidate's name.
多家公司甚至考虑，比利时公共部门招聘采取的匿名模式更好，那就是在简历中甚至连名字都不写。
consider:考虑
The union has made similar proposals at several firms, including JPMorgan Chase, whose boss AFSCME's president calls the "most dangerous man in America".
该联盟联合已在几家公司给出过类似的提案，包括摩根大通公司，而其老板被美国州县市雇员联盟董事长称之为"美国最危险的人"。
union:联合
Rupert Murdoch, the embattled chairman and chief executive of News Corporation, will face a motion that he surrender his chairmanship to someone independent.
新闻公司主席艰难的主席兼首席执行官鲁伯特?默多克将面对交出他的主席身份给独立人士的意向。
chairmanship:主席
He made the comment while on a visit to inspect some of the devastation in New Jersey cause by storm Sandy which has battered the northeastern United States.
他是在视察新泽西灾情同时表态的，飓风桑迪袭击了美国东北部，也包括新泽西。
while:同时
In New York city, trading resumed on the financial markets, and two airports have reopened.
在纽约市，金融市场的交易恢复了，两座机场重新重新打开。
reopened:重新打开
Many people's lives were turned upside down by the storm, and you have my word that everyone in city government at every level is working 24 hours a day to get the city back on track, including working with the MTA and Con Ed, to meet the two biggest challenges that we face: mass transit and electric power.
许多人的生活被这场风暴搞砸了，我向大家保证，市政府各部门的工作人员正在一天24小时不间断地工作，努力使纽约恢复正常，我们还与交通运输管理局和联合爱迪生公司合作应对我们上边的两大挑战：公共交通和电力。
upside:上边
Many people's lives were turned upside down by the storm, and you have my word that everyone in city government at every level is working 24 hours a day to get the city back on track, including working with the MTA and Con Ed, to meet the two biggest challenges that we face: mass transit and electric power.
许多人的生活被这场风暴搞砸了，我向大家保证，城市各部门的工作人员正在一天24小时不间断地工作，努力使纽约恢复正常，我们还与交通运输管理局和联合爱迪生公司合作应对我们面临的两大挑战：公共交通和电力。
city:城市
Many people's lives were turned upside down by the storm, and you have my word that everyone in city government at every level is working 24 hours a day to get the city back on track, including working with the MTA and Con Ed, to meet the two biggest challenges that we face: mass transit and electric power.
许多人的生活被这场风暴搞砸了，我向大家保证，城市各部门的工作人员正在一天24小时不间断地工作，努力使纽约恢复正常，我们还与交通运输管理局和联合爱迪生公司合作应对我们面临的两大挑战：公共交通和电力。
city:城市
Libya's parliament has approved a new cabinet put forward by the Prime Minister Ali Zidan after weeks of political wrangling which led the dismiss of his predecessor.
利比亚议会已批准总统阿里•宰丹提出的新内阁，此前已经进行了数周的政治角逐，并导致总理前任被解雇。
approved:已批准
A rebellion by MPs from the governing conservatives saw parliament vote for a cut to the EU's budget. The government had wanted parliament to approve a freeze in the budget ahead negotiations between Britain and other member states later this month.
执政的保守派议员投票削减欧盟预算，政府原希望议会批准冻结预算的提议，本月晚些时候，英国和其他成员国将进行协商。
approve:批准
The US secretary of state Hillary Clinton has called for major changes to the leadership of the Syrian opposition. Mrs Clinton said talks planned for next week in Qatar should ensure that those who were inside Syria fighting against President Assad's government were represented. She said many other leaders at the Syrian National Council hadn't been inside Syria for decades.
美国国务卿希拉里•克林顿呼吁对叙利亚反对派的领导层实施重大改革，克林顿说下周在卡塔尔的会谈将确保在叙利亚与总统阿萨德政府作战的反对派代表有代表参加，她说叙利亚全国委员会的许多其他领导人几十年来都不在叙利亚。
represented:代表
Last year, an Ecuadoran court ordered Chevron to pay $19 billion in damages.
去年，厄瓜多尔法院下令命令雪佛兰支付190 亿美元的赔偿。
ordered:命令
Last year, an Ecuadoran court ordered Chevron to pay $19 billion in damages.
去年，厄瓜多尔法院下令要求雪佛兰支付190 亿美元的损害。
damages:损害
Each government has its own requirements for military service after students graduate.
在毕业毕业后，每个国家政府有不同的军事服役要求。
graduate:毕业
The delays may be one reason why graduate school applications from international students have slowed for the third year.
国际毕业的研究生学校申请表被推迟到第三年的其中一个原因就是签证延迟。
graduate:毕业
Republicans must either adapt to the changing U.S demographics, or brace for more defeats. Says Analyst Thomas Mann of the Brookings Institutions:
共和党必须适应这个美国人口分布的适应，否则就的面对更多的失败，布鲁金斯研究院的分析师托马斯·曼说：
adapt:适应
The event, dubbed the “Cedar Revolution,” was seen as a main factor in the Syrian departure.
这次被 dubbed“雪松革命”的事件被视为叙利亚离开的一个主要因素。
dubbed:dubbed
But Lebanese schoolchildren may never read about it because a ministerial committee recently decided to eliminate the phrase “Cedar Revolution” from a national middle school history curriculum being developed.
但是黎巴嫩的学生们可能永远不会知晓雪松革命,因为一个部长级委员会最近决定从正在研讨中的中间中学历史课程中消除“雪松革命”这一短语。
middle:中间
Mr Bloomberg used to be a Republican, but sought reelection in 2009 as an independent.
布隆伯格以前是共和党人，但2009年以独立派身份再度再选。
reelection:再选
Mr Bloomberg said that the climate was changing and hurricane Sandy should compel all elected leaders to take immediate action.
布隆伯格说气候确实在变化，飓风桑迪迫使所有当选的领导人当选紧急措施。
elected:当选
Israelis were hoping that Abu Jihad was in charge of the uprising, they didn't understand that in fact this was a popular uprising, popular intifada.
以色列原来希望阿布•杰哈德来领导 intifada，其实他们并不知道这是一场巴勒斯坦民众 intifada。
intifada:intifada
The computer giant Apple has been ordered to rewrite a statement on its website relating to its dispute with its rival Samsung.
电脑巨头苹果公司被命令重新改写其网站上与对手三星有关的声明。
ordered:命令
The computer giant Apple has been ordered to rewrite a statement on its website relating to its dispute with its rival Samsung.
网站巨头苹果公司被要求重新改写其网站上与对手三星有关的声明。
website:网站
As part of the arrangement, prosecutors said they would not oppose his request to serve his sentence in Britain.
检察官称他们不反对他要求在英国服刑的请求，他的检察官说他此前因为有罪而认罪。
prosecutors:检察官
According to recent studies, a caterpillar can sense when a plant is about to unleash its chemical weapons and counter by producing anti-toxins to neutralize the plant’s attack.
据最新研究表明，毛毛虫可以感应植物何时准备解开“化学武器”，而分泌有毒物质抗体，与植物抗衡。
unleash:解开
And they've got problems and it takes forever to find the problems.
它导致了问题却又问题发现。
problems:问题
And they've got problems and it takes forever to find the problems.
它导致了问题却又问题发现。
problems:问题
It's lunchtime, and kebabs are on the grill at a newly-opened Kurdish restaurant in the Washington area.
现在是午饭时间,华盛顿地区新开的一家库尔德格里尔烧烤架上的肉串已经散发出诱人的香味。
grill:格里尔
But the U.S. invasion of Iraq, the Arab Spring revolts and other recent events in the Middle East have solidified their political ambitions.
作为中东最大的少数民族而没有一个中,库尔德人曾经一时间寄希望于武装叛乱。
Middle:中
"This is certainly a changing moment and an exciting moment for Kurds and those who study the Kurds because it appears as if those boundaries that were set at the state formation period seem to be breaking away."
华盛顿国防大学中东问题专家丹尼斯·娜塔莉如是说道:“对于库尔德人和那些库尔德研究者们来说这当然是一个不断变化且激动人心的时刻,因为似乎这些建立在国家形成时期的边界似乎正在出现打破。”
appears:出现
"This is certainly a changing moment and an exciting moment for Kurds and those who study the Kurds because it appears as if those boundaries that were set at the state formation period seem to be breaking away."
华盛顿国防大学中东问题专家丹尼斯·娜塔莉如是说道:“对于库尔德人和那些库尔德研究者们来说这当然是一个不断变化且激动人心的时刻,因为似乎这些建立在国家形成时期的边界似乎正在似乎打破。”
seem:似乎
In the middle of the 20th century Europe's two totalitarian empires, Nazi Germany and Stalin's Soviet Union, killed 14m non-combatants, in peacetime and in war.
在20世纪中期，欧洲大陆的两大集权帝国，纳粹德国和斯大林治下的苏联，在和平世纪和战争世纪杀死了1400万非战斗人员。
century:世纪
In the middle of the 20th century Europe's two totalitarian empires, Nazi Germany and Stalin's Soviet Union, killed 14m non-combatants, in peacetime and in war.
在20世纪中期，欧洲大陆的两大集权帝国，纳粹德国和斯大林治下的苏联，在和平和平时期和战争和平时期杀死了1400万非战斗人员。
peacetime:和平时期
The who, why, when, where and how of these mass murders is the subject of a gripping and comprehensive new book by Timothy Snyder of Yale University.
这些大屠杀所涉及的人，屠杀的原因、时间、地点以及过程就是耶鲁大学的Timothy Snyder的这本引人而主题全面的新书的主题。
subject:主题
The term coined in the book's title encapsulates the thesis.
本书题目中所造的期限是其主题的浓缩。
term:期限
For those who are wedded to the simplistic schoolbook notions that the Hitlerites were the mass murderers and the Soviets the liberators, or that the killing started in 1939 and ended in 1945, Mr Snyder's theses will be thought-provoking or shocking.
对于那些已经接受了单纯的教科书观点(即希特勒一方是大屠杀的凶手，苏联人是解放者，或者屠杀始于1939年，结束于1945年)的人来说，作者所述之事将是挑衅、震人心魄的。
provoking:挑衅
Even those who pride themselves on knowing their history will find themselves repeatedly brought up short by his insights, contrasts and comparisons.
就算那些以自己的历史知识为傲的读者也会一再地为作者的广博洞察、鲜明比照和比喻手法而受益匪浅。
insights:洞察
Mr Snyder's book weaves the stories together, explaining how the horrors interacted and reinforced each other.
本书将这些事穿插起来一起记述，解释了恐怖是如何相互影响和逐步扎根的。
horrors:恐怖
Mr Snyder shifts the usual geographical focus away from the perpetrator countries to the places where they first colluded and then collided.
作者将地理上的关注点从传统的两个罪恶国家，转移到了两国初次勾结而后又碰撞的地方（即波兰）。
collided:碰撞
The bestial treatment of slave labourers in concentration camps, and the use of gas chambers, are commonly seen as the epitomes of Nazi persecution.
在对纳粹迫害的记述概要中，经常可以看到集中营对奴隶劳工非人的迫害和毒气室的使用。
persecution:迫害
“Bloodlands” has aroused fierce criticism from those who believe that the Soviet Union, for all its flaws, cannot be compared to the Third Reich, which pioneered ethnic genocide.
“血染里希”已经激起了一些人的激烈批评，这些人认为苏联即使有千般缺点，也比不上第三帝国的罪恶，后者是种族屠杀的先锋。
Reich:里希
He does not challenge the Holocaust's central place in 20th-century history. Nor does he overlook Soviet suffering at the hands of Hitler or the heroism of the soldiers who destroyed the Third Reich.
他既没有挑战大屠杀在20世纪历史中的中心地位，也没有无视苏联在希特勒的铁蹄下所受的苦难，以及屠杀第三帝国的士兵们的英勇。
Holocaust:屠杀
He does not challenge the Holocaust's central place in 20th-century history. Nor does he overlook Soviet suffering at the hands of Hitler or the heroism of the soldiers who destroyed the Third Reich.
他既没有挑战大屠杀在20世纪历史中的中心地位，也没有无视苏联在希特勒的铁蹄下所受的苦难，以及摧毁第三帝国的士兵们的英雄主义。
heroism:英雄主义
Mr Snyder's scrupulous and nuanced book steers clear of the sterile, sloganising exchanges about whether Stalin was as bad as Hitler, or whether Soviet mass murder in Ukraine or elsewhere is a moral equivalent of the Nazis' extermination of the Jews.
Snyder先生的这本严谨而微妙的书，绕开了那些无意义的口号式的相互攻击，诸如斯大林是否和希特勒一样坏，或苏联在乌克兰或其他地方的大屠杀是不是和希特勒灭绝犹太人一样的道德犯罪。
book:书
At this point co-operation is withdrawn. Fool me once, in other words, shame on you.
用另外一种词汇说，就是"欺我一回，罪过在你，欺我二回，罪过在我。
words:词汇
Human societies, though, are more complex than mere dyads.
然而人类社会关系远比染色剂染色剂之间更为复杂。
dyads:染色剂
Dr Christakis arranged for a collaboration-testing game to be played over the web, with many participants.
Christakis博士在网上安排了一场多人参与的测试测试游戏。
testing:测试
During every round, players are given the opportunity to donate points to their neighbours.
在接下来每一轮游戏中，参与者都有机会赠送分数捐赠他的邻居。
donate:捐赠
At the game's end, the points are converted into real money, to ensure that proper incentives are in place.
为了保证适当的奖励到位，游戏后这些地点可以变换成钱。
place:地点
In the final version, one-third of the possible pairings between participants were chosen at random after each round (such pairs may or may not, therefore, have been dealing with each other in the previous round).
最后一种，每一轮后，三分之一的组合将被选中并随机重组（因此这些重组的组合中可能有在前面的游戏中已经合作过了。)。
have:有
One player from each pair was first told or reminded of how the other had behaved in the previous round, and was then asked whether he wanted to break his connection with that player, if he already had one, or form a new connection, if he had not.
组合中一人会被告知或提醒他的合作对象在前面一轮游戏中的表现，他可以选择是否解除和这个人的合作，如果他已经有一个合作对象形式；如果他没有合作对象，他则可以选择是否建立新的合作联系。
form:形式
When Dr Christakis and his team looked at how the relationships between players were evolving in this third version, they found that connections between two co-operators were much more likely to be maintained than links that involved a defector.
Christakis博士和他的团队观察第三种模式中参与者的关系如何演变时，他们发现没有参与过破坏者的组合更容易保持合作。
involved:参与
He was especially interested in developing more efficient housing; that is, a new way of constructing buildings so that they provide more housing space with the use of fewer resources.
他对开发更高效的住房特别有兴趣；那是一种住房房屋的新的方式，用更少的资源提供更多的住房空间。
housing:住房
He was especially interested in developing more efficient housing; that is, a new way of constructing buildings so that they provide more housing space with the use of fewer resources.
他对开发更高效的住房特别有兴趣；那是一种建筑物房屋的新的方式，用更少的资源提供更多的住房空间。
buildings:建筑物
He was especially interested in developing more efficient housing; that is, a new way of constructing buildings so that they provide more housing space with the use of fewer resources.
他对开发更高效的住房特别有兴趣；那是一种住房房屋的新的方式，用更少的资源提供更多的住房空间。
housing:住房
In other words, it uses fewer materials to create more housing space.
换句话说，就是用更少的材料住房更多住房空间。
housing:住房
He said he wouldn't rest until every American who wanted a job had one, and that today's better than expected figures, 171,000 new jobs created in October was the most for eight months.
奥巴马说除非每位需要工作的美国人都得到工作，否则自己不会休息的，他说如今的情况比此前预测的数据要更好，10月份创造了17.1万个新岗位，这是8个月来的最高数据。
better:更好
But Mitt Romney in Wisconsin, one another swing states said the slight rise in unemployment to 7.9% show the economy had stagnated.
但在另一个摇摆失业威斯康星，罗姆尼说失业率略微上涨到7.9%，这表明经济已经停滞，称自己可以使美国回到正轨上。
unemployment:失业
Five days after a huge storm wrecked parts of the United States northeastern seaboard, frustration is growing among the victims.
飓风袭击美国东北海滨5天后，受害者仍处于沮丧中。
seaboard:海滨
But there is a degree of anger from residents who really feel that the authorities in the city should have done more, sooner to help them.
但居民们感到很生气，他们认为城市应做更多，应该早点来帮助他们。
city:城市
Nobody, the storm was on Monday night, it's now Friday, I still have nobody here, somebody get here help us, please.
暴风是周一晚上来的，现在已经周五了，仍没有来，拜托有来帮帮我们吧！
have:有
A BBC correspondent in Kampala says Ugandan withdrawl would have serious implications for regional peacekeeping efforts.
驻坎帕拉的BBC记者称乌干达撤军与地区维和维持和平有重大关联。
peacekeeping:维持和平
A former minister in Britain's last Labour government is resigning as a member of parliament after he was found to have made false expenses claims.
英国上届工党政府的前部长辞职议会成员资格，原因是被曝虚报开支。
resigning:辞职
The Cambodian government has approved the building of a controversial hydroelectric dam on a tributary to the Mekong River.
柬埔寨政府批准在湄公河直流建筑一项有争议的水电站的方案。
building:建筑
The joint-venture involves Cambodian, Chinese and Vietinamese investment of nearly $800m.
该合资冒险涉及柬埔寨、中国和越南，投资额近8 亿美元。
venture:冒险
So, we wouldn't want animals to become too lean, so that might reduce marbling in the product, especially in the quality cuts where the profit is."
我们不希望动物太瘦，这样会减少肉类产品的纹路，特别是利润所在的高质量肉片。
reduce:减少
Their airways become obstructed various times while they’re sleeping, and each time this happens the snorerbriefly stops breathing.
睡觉时，他们的呼吸道同时受阻，而患者也暂时停止呼吸。
while:同时
They demonstrate difficulties with language and attentiveness, and they score lower on overall tests of intelligence.
据显示，儿童语言语言有障碍，注意力不易集中，整体智力测试得分更低。
language:语言
They demonstrate difficulties with language and attentiveness, and they score lower on overall tests of intelligence.
据显示，儿童语言沟通有障碍，注意不易集中，整体智力测试得分更低。
attentiveness:注意
If anyone wonders whether good jobs and better take-on payer out there, I've got a clear and unequivocal message for you, and that's: America is about to come roaring back.
如果有人在寻找能提供更好的工作和更高收入的地方，那么我可以明确告诉大家，美国即将回到快速复苏的路上来！
better:更好
If anyone wonders whether good jobs and better take-on payer out there, I've got a clear and unequivocal message for you, and that's: America is about to come roaring back.
如果有人在寻找能提供好的工作和更高接受的地方，那么我可以明确告诉大家，美国即将回到快速复苏的路上来！
take:接受
The governor of New York state has urged residents not to panic in the face of continuing shortage of fuel and electricity. Five days after storm Sandy struck the coast, Governor Andrew Cuomo said the Defense Department would set up mobile petrol stations to distribute free fuel.
纽约州长敦促民众面对持续的缺汽油和电力的情况下不要慌张，飓风桑斯袭击海岸的五天后，州长安德鲁•库奥默说，国防部将设置流动加油站来分配免费汽油。
petrol:汽油
Opposition parties say Malaysia's electoral system is fraudulent. They accused the governing coalition of manipulating the voter list and changing the boundaries of constituencies in order to retain the power they've held for the last 55 years.
反对党称马来西亚的选举制度有欺骗性，他们指责政府联盟操纵选民名单，改变宪法的范围，目的是维持他们已经保留55年的大权。
retain:保留
These findings are from the latest edition of the Open Doors Report. The report is a joint project of the State Department and the Institute of International Education, a non-profit educational and training organization.
这些结果来自最新的《门户开放报告》，该报告是美国国务院和国际教育研究所这家非盈利性教育和培训机构的一个联合项目。
Institute:研究所
That represents an increase of almost six percent compared to one year earlier.
与此相比，出国比较的美国学生人数增长了1%。
compared:比较
Peggy Blumenthal is an aide to the president of the Institute of International Education.
佩吉·布卢门撒尔（Peggy Blumenthal）是国际教育研究所总裁助理。
Institute:研究所
And for the most part, looking around the world, Chinese students still prefer to come to the United States as their destination of choice."
而且在多数情况下，放眼全球，中国学生还是偏好将美国作为首选目的地。
prefer:偏好
Foreign students represent less than four percent of the total student population in American higher education.
外国学生在美国高等教育学生总人数中占据的百分比不足4%。
percent:百分比
But any message carried by these signals would probably be lost because the receivers can’t pick up the modulation, or rapid variations, in the base signal.
但是任何携带信息的信号都可能丢失，因为接收者在信号基地不能收集到变调或快速变量的信号。
variations:变量
And any slow changes in the broadcast frequency would reveal information about the rotation and movement of the aliens’ planets.
广播频率的细微运动都会揭露外星人星球的旋转和运动情况。
movement:运动
The government would definitely allocate funds to building larger instruments capable of picking up signal modulations.
政府一定会拨款建筑更大的仪器，能够接受信号变调。
building:建筑
Adele smoked like a chimney, and would drift around in loose white gowns with a gold cigarette-holder.
阿黛尔吸烟，像个烟囱，而且，她会身吸烟白色宽松长衣，带吸烟金制烟斗四处游逸。
smoked:吸烟
Adele smoked like a chimney, and would drift around in loose white gowns with a gold cigarette-holder.
阿黛尔吸烟，像个烟囱，而且，她会睡衣白色宽松长衣，带着金制烟斗四处游逸。
gowns:睡衣
Adele smoked like a chimney, and would drift around in loose white gowns with a gold cigarette-holder.
阿黛尔香烟，像个烟囱，而且，她会身着白色宽松长衣，带着金制烟斗四处游逸。
cigarette:香烟
Four other Klimts also hung there. Three were landscapes: a beechwood, a dappled apple tree, houses by a river.
克里姆特的另四贴画也悬挂在该室内，其中有三幅是风景画，一幅是山毛举林，一幅是衰弱苹果树，一幅是河边房子。
dappled:衰弱
The other was a later painting of Adele, pale and strained, standing in a big hat with her arms loose amid fauve colours of red, mauve and green.
另一幅是关于阿黛尔后期的油画，[画中]阿黛尔显得苍白紧张、膀腕松弛，戴一大帽站立着，四周是红、莫夫和绿色映衬。
mauve:莫夫
The Nazis stole them in short order, as they also seized Ferdinand's entire art collection, his delicate porcelain and his sugar refinery.
就像纳粹被扣押费迪南德的全部艺术画、精美瓷器、制糖厂一样，不久，纳粹就把这些东西也偷走了。
seized:被扣押
Of course, she was too far away for many visits now. But Mrs Altmann could imagine her there, glowing and frail, wearing just the faintest aroma of those long-vanished cigarettes.
虽然，而今要常常拜见阿黛尔的话，自然是太远了点，但奥特曼尚能于此展开想像力，想像姨妈阿黛尔的热情洋溢、脆弱娇柔，想像从那已怅然远去的烟草中散发的闪烁芳香……﻿
glowing:闪烁
The mayor of the New York city, Michael Bloomberg put the figure at 30,000 to 40,000, but said there would be a problem in finding empty properties.
纽约市市长迈克尔•布隆伯格估计这个数字在3万到4万，称寻找空置房屋可能有问题。
problem:问题
We'll do anything we can to help the board of elections, the governor has tried the same thing, and this is a system that is not run by the state or by the city, they have real problems and we've got to make sure that everybody can vote.
我们将尽一切努力帮助选举板，州长也如此，这个系统不是纽约州或纽约市运行的，目前遇到了困难，我们要确保每个人都能投票。
board:板
We'll do anything we can to help the board of elections, the governor has tried the same thing, and this is a system that is not run by the state or by the city, they have real problems and we've got to make sure that everybody can vote.
我们将尽一切努力帮助选举委员会，州长也如此，这个系统不是纽约州或纽约市运行的，目前遇到了问题，我们要确保每个人都能投票。
problems:问题
President Obama and his Republican Challenger Mitt Romney are engaged in a further hectic burst of campaigning as time runs out for them to influence voters ahead of Tuesday's election.
周二选举即将来临，总统奥巴马和他的共和党对手米特•罗姆尼都用尽最后的竞选来动员选民。
campaigning:竞选
The cabinet has to be approved by parliament which may prove difficult as some of Somalia's clans feel they haven't been properly represented.
内阁必须已批准议会批准，索马里一些宗派认为自己在议会的席位不够多。
approved:已批准
Reports from the Russian capital Moscow say several people have been injured after violence broke out at the end of March by hardline nationalists.
来自俄罗斯首都莫斯科的报道称，在强硬派民族主义者的游行破裂时发生暴力行为，数人受伤。
broke:破裂
Marchers clashed with people who gathered for a counter demonstration. They said at least 100 people were involved in the fighting.
游行者与集会进行反游行的人战斗，称至少100人参与了战斗。
fighting:战斗
Mr Romney's team say he would extend his campaigning into polling day with additional appearances in Ohio and Pennsylvania.
罗姆尼总统竞选团队称罗姆尼还会出现在俄亥俄州和宾夕法尼亚州，把竞选延长到最后的投票日。
campaigning:竞选
Parliament is due to hold a debate in whether to repeal the legislation.
国会适时召开了是否废除这一立法的辩论。
debate:辩论
Stress, which can lead to depression, also modifies the immune system.
同样会导致抑郁的压力因素也会修改免疫系统。
modifies:修改
Vocational school teachers and administrators from Egypt can also receive professional development through the program.
来自埃及职业学校的教师和管理人员和可以通过该项目接受专业的发展。
receive:接受
Where students are placed depends on what they want to study.
学生取决于安排在何处取决于他们想学习的专业。
depends:取决于
For now, students from countries in the program should contact their local Fulbright committee or United States embassy.
目前，联合该项目的国家的学生可以咨询当地传尔布莱特法案基金委员会或美国大使馆。
United:联合
Scientists long to understand just how exactly the silkworm manages the process of silk weaving, so they can replicate the process in order to manufacture such things as high-strength and high-performance materials for sports and law enforcement.
长久以来，科学家想知道蚕如何产丝，然后仿效制丝过程，生产高强高性能的运动原材及执法丝绸。
silk:丝绸
As the water level continues to drop, the folded chains of silk push together more and more to form larger and larger gel-like structures.
水分继续流失，包裹在一起的蚕丝像滚雪球般形成凝胶如。
like:如
When you say you're finding your feet in English, it means you're becoming confident at something.
在英语中，如果你说你正在发现 your feet，意思其实是‘你正对某件事情变得自信起来’。
finding:发现
Helen: So if I say I'm still finding my feet, it means I'm still getting used to a new situation… which might not have anything to do with feet?
那，也就是说，如果我说I' m still 发现 my fee，我在表达的其实是，我正在逐渐适应某种现状咯……这跟双脚一点关系也没有？
finding:发现
Helen: So finding your feet has nothing to do with your actual feet – you can use it when you start a new job or when you're doing something new.
也就是说，发现 your feet跟我们的脚一点关系都没有咯——我们可以在开始从事一份新工作或者当时着手干某种新的事情时使用。
finding:发现
Helen: It looks like Rosie's doing more than finding her feet - she's finding other people's feet and stepping on them too!
看起来，Rosie不单只是在发现自己的脚，她还在发现别人的脚踩呢。
finding:发现
Helen: It looks like Rosie's doing more than finding her feet - she's finding other people's feet and stepping on them too!
看起来，Rosie不单只是在发现自己的脚，她还在发现别人的脚踩呢。
finding:发现
Votes have been cast across the United States in a tightly fought presidential election with campaigning continuing even on polling day itself.
美国各地已经开始投票，总统选举竞争非常激烈，竞选甚至持续到投票日当天。
campaigning:竞选
Votes have been cast across the United States in a tightly fought presidential election with campaigning continuing even on polling day itself.
美国各地已经开始投票，总统选举竞争非常激烈，竞选活动甚至持续到投票甚至当天。
even:甚至
We feel confident, we've got the votes to win, but it's going to depend ultimately on whether those votes turn out. And so I would encourage everybody on all sides just to make sure that you exercise this precious right that we have and that people fought so hard for us to have.
我们相信我们会在投票中取胜，但这最终要取决于选票依賴投出，所以我鼓励各位确保自己履行了这一宝贵的权利，这个权利是前人通过艰辛斗争为我们争取来的。
depend:依賴
The Ansar Dine group urged the Malian government and other armed movements to engage in political dialogue following talks with the regional mediator, President Blaise Compaore of Burkina Faso.
在与地区协调者布基纳法索总统布莱斯•孔波雷对话后，“伊斯兰后卫”组织敦促马里政府和其他武装运动组织进行政治对话。
dialogue:对话
Ansar Dine which controls the feeble town of Timbuktu, a large tracts of the Arab northern desert is thought to have stoned people to death and amputated the hands of thieves under a strict interpretation of Islamic law or Sharia.
“伊斯兰后卫”控制截肢小城廷巴克图，据悉在阿拉伯北部沙漠里一大片地区，根据对伊斯兰法律的严苛解释，这里允许用石头砸死人，并肢解盗贼的双手。
amputated:截肢
Ansar Dine which controls the feeble town of Timbuktu, a large tracts of the Arab northern desert is thought to have stoned people to death and amputated the hands of thieves under a strict interpretation of Islamic law or Sharia.
“伊斯兰后卫”控制着小城廷巴克图，据悉在阿拉伯北部沙漠里一大片地区，根据对伊斯兰沙里亚的严苛解释，这里允许用石头砸死人，并肢解盗贼的双手。
Sharia:沙里亚
But now it seems to be talking about peace. This apparent turnaround may be because of the very real threat of military intervention by international forces.
但目前似乎已经在进行和平谈判，之所以能暂时好转，可能是因为国际军事的军事干预构成的实在威胁。
military:军事
He's brought to heel Turkey's powerful military diminishing its ability to intervene in politics. To him it must feel as though there is little standing in his way to become a president and doing so obtaining more power.
他迫使土耳其强大的军队削弱其干预政治的能力，看来他似乎认为自己在成为总统已没有多少障碍了，这样做可以取得更大权力。
obtaining:取得
The announcement was made in Delhi by the visiting Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh.
加拿大总史蒂芬•哈珀来访印度期间与印度总理辛格在会谈期间发表了这个宣布。
announcement:宣布
The announcement was made in Delhi by the visiting Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh.
加拿大总史蒂芬•哈珀参观印度期间与印度总理辛格在会谈期间发表了这个声明。
visiting:参观
Spain's constitutional court has dismissed an appeal by the governing Popular Party challenging the legality of country's gay marriage law.
西班牙立宪法庭被解雇执政的人民党质疑该国同性恋法合法性的起诉。
dismissed:被解雇
The conservative Popular Party claimed that the law was against the constitution which, it said, recognised only the union of a man and a woman as marriage.
保守的人民党称该宪法违反宪宪法，称宪宪法只认可男女之间的婚姻。
constitution:宪法
Further research uncovered the relationship between her and General Petraeus.
进一步的研究发现了她和彼得雷乌斯将军的关系。
research:研究
The general had resigned from the military before joining the CIA.
彼得雷乌斯将军在加入中情局之前已经辞职了军职。
resigned:辞职
It was during his leadership of the agency that the affair started. It ended a few months ago.
这段婚外情开始于他领导中情局月，并于几个月前结束。
months:月
He also said he had not seen evidence that information harmful to national security was made public.
他还表示，没有证据表明有危害国家安全的证据被公开。
evidence:证据
He will remain as head of NATO forces in Afghanistan while the investigation continues.
调查期间他将继续继续北约驻阿富汗部队负责人。
continues:继续
On Tuesday, President Obama delayed the general's nomination to be NATO's top commander in Europe until the investigation is complete.
周二，奥马巴总统推迟了艾伦作为北约驻欧洲最高指挥官的提名，直到调查完成。
complete:完成
Mobile banking has proved to be profitable in the developing world, where many people still do not use banks.
发展中国家许多人尚未使用银行，移动银行已证明证实在这里有利可图。
proved:证明
They are in line with President Obama, who has vowed to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans as part of a budget deal needed to avoid the looming crisis.
他们与奥巴马总统一致,总统发誓要提高最富有的美国人的税收作为预算方案的一部分,以避免迫在眉睫的危机。
raise:提高
“I have outlined a framework for how both parties can work together to avert the fiscal cliff without raising tax rates," said Boehner.
“我已经列出了一个框架,双方可以在不提高利率的情况下一起工作以避免财政悬崖。”
rates:利率
“When I make a decision about whether or not I am going to hire people to help grow my business I make those decisions strictly on the basis of whether the company needs them, whether the customers demand them, whether doing so will grow the business.
“当我做出决定是否要雇佣帮助我的生意增长，我做出这些决定是严格根据该公司是否需要他们,客户是否需求,是否这样做将带来生意。
hire:雇佣
In terms of my own personal tax rates, that never factors in," he said.
从我自己的个人利率角度来讲,永远不会考虑这个因素。”
rates:利率
"The country's situation is getting worse, we can't sell our equipment, or send them out, sometimes the insurgents burn our vehicles," Ahmadzai said.
“这个国家的情况越来越更糟,我们的设备卖不出去,也送不出去,有时叛乱分子焚烧我们车辆,”阿玛艾说道。
worse:更糟
"We have been given assurance, people are hopeful, we are all hopeful in accordance with agreements we have with the donors that will carry us at least to 2020 even 2024," said Delawari.
“我们已经做出保证,人民充满希望,我们与捐助者们会引领我们至少到2020年甚至2024年的一致遵守充满希望，”德拉瓦莱说道。
accordance:遵守
"So with those negotiated or promised support to Afghanistan, I believe we can carry on our economic activities at the same level we have had as we have in the past few years.
“所以有了支持阿富汗的那些协商或承诺,我相信我们可以继续我们的经济支持，就像在过去的几年里那样在同一水平线上。
support:支持
"The majority of our economy is, unfortunately, illegal, and the forces of the mafia system and mafia economy are huge, and that creates enough difficulty for the legal economy, for the economic forces which were in the society," Farooqi noted.
“我们的大部分经济,不幸的是,都是非法的，而且黑手党经济和黑手党经济的力量是巨大的,这为社会法制经济,法制力量创造了足够的困难。”法罗奇指出。
economy:经济
"The majority of our economy is, unfortunately, illegal, and the forces of the mafia system and mafia economy are huge, and that creates enough difficulty for the legal economy, for the economic forces which were in the society," Farooqi noted.
“我们的大部分经济,不幸的是,都是非法的，而且黑手党经济和黑手党经济的力量是巨大的,这为社会法制经济,法制力量创造了足够的困难。”法罗奇指出。
economy:经济
"The majority of our economy is, unfortunately, illegal, and the forces of the mafia system and mafia economy are huge, and that creates enough difficulty for the legal economy, for the economic forces which were in the society," Farooqi noted.
“我们的大部分经济,不幸的是,都是非法的，而且黑手党经济和黑手党经济的力量是巨大的,这为社会法制经济,法制力量创造了足够的困难。”法罗奇指出。
economy:经济
Farooqi predicts even tougher economic times are ahead, if Afghanistan's government doesn't start working harder for its people.
法罗奇预测如果阿富汗政府不开始为其人民着手努力经济困难时间将会到来。
times:时间
Without enough blood, you can’t cool off. Pretty soon you overheat.
如果血容量不足，人体便无法冷下来，很快，就会过热让人受不了。
overheat:过热
Rosie's boss: Right, now Rosie is going to talk a bit about the project and its aims. Rosie: Yes. Well...
好了，现在Rosie会谈到一些跟本次它的有关的东西以及它的目标。
its:它的
Then, when the blood runs low on calcium, a signaling device called the parathyroid gland can activate a process by which calcium is taken from the skeleton and put back into the blood.
那么，当流动的血液中钙含量过低，一个叫做甲状旁腺的发信号装置就会过程一个流程，致使骨骼中的钙流失到血液里。
process:过程
I think it's time we broke for lunch… Court rulings depend partly on when the judge last had a snack
法庭裁决结果一定程度上取决于法官上一次吃点心的时间
rulings:裁决
AROUND the world, courthouses are adorned with a statue of a blindfolded woman holding a set of scales and a sword: Justice personified.
世界各地的法院都装饰有一尊女子的雕像，这个女人具有人格的蒙住双眼，手持一架天平和一把剑。她是正义的化身。
personified:具有人格的
Her sword stands for the power of the court, her scales for the competing claims of the petitioners.
剑代表着法庭的权力，而天平代表着上诉人的竞争性权利索赔。
claims:索赔
The approval rate shot back up to near its original value, before falling again as the day wore on.
批准率降落了接近于早晨的水平，并随着时间的消逝再次下跌。
falling:降落
To be sure, mealtimes were not the only thing that predicted the outcome of the rulings.
当然，用餐时间并非预测裁决结果的唯一因素。
rulings:裁决
Offenders who appeared prone to recidivism (in this case those with previous convictions) were more likely to be turned down, as were those who were not in a rehabilitation programme.
那些看起来容易再犯的犯人（有前科的）更可能出现拒，那些没有参与罪犯改過自新项目的也是一样。
appeared:出现
Happily, neither the sex nor the ethnicity of the prisoners seemed to matter to the judges, nor did the length of time the offenders had already spent in prison, nor even the severity of their crimes (as assessed by a separate panel of legal experts).
而令人高兴的是，据一个司法专家组成的独立小组评定，评估似乎不考虑罪犯的性别、种族、入狱时间长短甚至是他们罪行的严重程度。
assessed:评估
Two further findings buttress the idea that it is the psychological load of decision making which matters.
还有另外两个发现可以扶手这种精神负担作用的观点。
buttress:扶手
Written verdicts in favourable rulings averaged 90 words, compared with just 47 for unfavourable ones.
有利决定的书面判决通常有90个单词，而不利裁决只有47个单词。
rulings:裁决
Pilots, for instance, are given checklists to follow, partly in order to combat the effects of fatigue.
例如飞行员需要遵循一些检查清单，其部分原因是为了抵抗疲劳。
checklists:检查清单
Dr Danziger’s co-author, Jonathan Levav of Columbia University in New York, wonders whether the law should consider similar arrangements.
丹齐格教授的合著者哥伦比亚大学的乔奈森?勒瓦夫考虑司法界是否也能考虑作类似的安排。
consider:考虑
But when Mr Muller-Moore tried to copyright his slogan last summer, Chick-fil-A’s lawyers moved to block it.
然而，去年夏天当Muller -Moore准备将“Eat More Kale”申请著作权时，福来 Chick公司的律师出面阻止了他。
Chick:Chick
Their letter also alleged that Mr Muller-Moore’s “misappropriation of Chick-fil-A’s EAT MOR CHIKIN intellectual property…is likely to cause confusion.”
他们律师函中还提到，Muller -Moore使用福来 Chick公司（Chick -fil-A）口号：Eat Mor Chikin的行为是一种滥用行为，侵犯了其合法的知识产权，很可能会使消费者感到困惑。
Chick:Chick
In 2009 the company that makes Monster energy drinks demanded that Vermont's Rock Art Brewery stop calling its barley wine "Vermonster".
在2009年，生产怪物能量饮料的公司要求福蒙特州的啤酒厂Rock Art停止使用" Vermonster"作为其高酒啤酒的名称。
wine:酒
After boycotts and negative publicity, Monster's makers agreed to drop the matter provided that Rock Art did not start making energy drinks.
在收到抵制和负面的名声影响后，怪物饮料制造商同意撤销诉讼，条件是Rock Art不在制造能量饮料。
making:制造
President Obama guarantees his victory by winning nearly all the battleground states. He’s leading in Florida, the only state yet to declare.
总统奥巴马以赢得几乎所有战场宣布夺得了胜利，他在佛罗里达也处于领先地位，这是唯一还没有宣布结果的宣布。
declare:宣布
Because of the hostile stance towards immigration, Republicans have failed to win over the fastest-growing section of the American electorate—Hispanics.
由于共和党对移民持敌意立场，也就未能赢得美国选举团中增长最快的部分—拉美裔的支持。
stance:立场
Because of the hostile stance towards immigration, Republicans have failed to win over the fastest-growing section of the American electorate—Hispanics.
由于共和党对移民持敌意态度，也就未能赢得美国选举团中增长最快的以上—拉美裔的支持。
over:以上
Once again, trouble is broken out in Syntagma Square in the heart of Athens. Petrol bombs have been hurled at the riot police, who responded with volleys of tear gas.
雅典的宪法广场再度发生混乱，人们向防暴警察闪烁汽油弹，警察用催泪弹回应。
hurled:闪烁
Flares have been pummeled at security court around parliament, where MPs are debating a deeply unpopular package: A suspending cut and tax hikes.
议会附近的安全法庭群情激昂，议员们在激烈辩论不受欢迎的方案：削减开支和增税。
debating:辩论
Last year, an Ecuadorian court ordered Chevron to pay $19 bn in damages.
去年，厄瓜多尔法庭下令雪佛龙支付190 亿美元的损害。
damages:损害
Since Chevron has few assets in Ecuador, the plaintiffs are trying to get the ruling enforced abroad.
由于雪佛龙在厄瓜多尔几乎没有资产，原告试图使在国外实施该裁决。
ruling:裁决
The former US Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords has come face to face for the first time with a man who shot her through the head and killed six others in an attack last year.
前女议员加布里埃尔•吉福德斯以前的与去年开枪击中她头部的凶手面对面，在那次袭击中，此人还杀死了另外6人。
former:以前的
Mr Kelly told the accused Jared Lee Loughner: You may have put a bullet through her head, but you haven't put a dent in her commitment to make the world a better place.
凯利告诉被告贾里德•洛克耐尔：你可以将子弹打过她的头部，但你永远无法挫伤她为使世界更更好的意愿。
better:更好
The Defence Department said Iranian jets fired multiple rounds at the drone, it was not hit and returned to base safely.
国防部称伊朗的喷气机对无人机发动几番被开枪，无人机没有中弹，安全回到基地。
fired:被开枪
The Defence Department said Iranian jets fired multiple rounds at the drone, it was not hit and returned to base safely.
国防部称伊朗的喷气机对无人机发动几番射击，无人机没有中弹，安全返回基地。
returned:返回
Amid tight security over 2,000 delegates have gathered from around China, for a week of speeches and meetings that will end in unveiling of the country's new leadership.
在严密的安全保护下，2000名来自各地的代表齐聚这里，举行为期一周的讲话和会议，会议结束时将产生新的领导班子。
security:安全
West African heads of states are expected to meet on Sunday to adopt a plan for their troops to recapture northern Mali from militant Islamists.
西非国家元首将于周日举行会议，接受使军队从武装伊斯兰手中将马里北部地区夺回。
adopt:接受
One of the survivors described how three armed men approached the foreman at the farm in Antioquia province, and asked if the farm owner have been paying protection money, they then opened fire and killed nine men and one woman.
在奥基亚省省，一名幸存者称，三名持枪男子接近农场工头，问农场是否出了保护费，然后就开枪打死了9名男子和1名妇女。
approached:接近
In an interview with radio Free Europe, Mr Brammertz has said Tomislav Nikolic's statement contradicted the international court's ruling, the genocide had taken place in 1995.
在接受自由欧洲电台的采访中，布拉默茨称托米斯勒•尼科力克的说辞与国际法庭的裁决相冲突，即1995年确实发生了这场屠杀。
ruling:裁决
Jasmine Tyler, Director of National Affairs with the Drug Policy alliance, compares the marijuana ban to laws that prohibited alcohol use in the U.S in the 1920s: “I mean it’s the same as we saw with the, with the, you know, toppling of the alcohol prohibition as well. You know that people knew that prohibition itself caused more harm and was just ineffective.”
Jasmine Tyler是药物政策联盟的国内事务主任，她将当前禁止居民拥有大麻的禁止与1920年代美国禁止居民拥有酒精的禁止进行了对比：“我的意思是当前这种情况与以前酒精禁止禁止的取消情况一样，我们知道，当时人们发现酒精禁令导致的危害更多，而且该禁令根本没用。
prohibition:禁止
Jasmine Tyler, Director of National Affairs with the Drug Policy alliance, compares the marijuana ban to laws that prohibited alcohol use in the U.S in the 1920s: “I mean it’s the same as we saw with the, with the, you know, toppling of the alcohol prohibition as well. You know that people knew that prohibition itself caused more harm and was just ineffective.”
Jasmine Tyler是药物政策联盟的国内事务主任，她将当前禁止居民拥有大麻的禁止与1920年代美国禁止居民拥有酒精的禁止进行了对比：“我的意思是当前这种情况与以前酒精禁止禁止的取消情况一样，我们知道，当时人们发现酒精禁令导致的危害更多，而且该禁令根本没用。
prohibition:禁止
Again, Jasmine Tyler: “Polling numbers are as high as they have ever been and they have risen steadily over the last ten years and when you think about the polling numbers for medical marijuana and marijuana, taxing regulating, you can’t avoid them any more.”
当我们考虑到这些支持药物大麻和大麻合法化的投票数量，考虑到通过税收来对此进行管制的时候，我们就应该明白我们再也不能禁止大麻合法化了。”
regulating:管制
Early on a Sunday morning, anti-terror police surrounded Faraj's apartment, firing at the building and lobbing canisters of tear gas inside.
”早在一个星期天的早上,反恐警察们包围了法拉吉的公寓,对着建筑物射击并朝里面抢劫催泪瓦斯罐。
lobbing:抢劫
In October, it passed new anti-terrorism legislation, giving authorities more leeway to root out suspected terror cells.
10月份,这个国家通过了新的反恐立法,给予当局根除可疑的恐怖主义细胞更多的回旋余地。
terrorism:恐怖主义
Little Delaware is called the First State because it was the first state -- the first to approve the new United States Constitution.
（注：肉豆蔻是一种香料）特拉华州被称为第一州( First State)，因为它是美国第一个批准美国新宪法的州。
approve:批准
A new company in northern New York says it can increase that percentage.
纽约州北部一家新公司表示，它可以提高这一百分比。
percentage:百分比
It also says it can help the United States reduce the amount of oil it imports.
该公司还表示它可以帮助美国减少石油进口量。
reduce:减少
Mr. Bordyniuk uses a special chemical to turn the fluid into a vapor. This reduces the plastic to its most basic elements.
”Bordyniuk先生使用一种特殊化学品将熔化后的流体流体转变成蒸汽，这将塑料还原为其最基本的元素。
fluid:流体
And some question whether turning plastic into oil can even be considered "recycling."
也有人质疑将塑料转化为石油是否可以被考虑是“回收”。
considered:考虑
Carson Maxted is with the publication Resource Recycling, a magazine that reports on the plastic recycling industry.
Carson Maxted回收于《资源回收》杂志，这是一家报道塑料回收行业的出版物。
Recycling:回收
Carson Maxted is with the publication Resource Recycling, a magazine that reports on the plastic recycling industry.
Carson Maxted回收于《资源回收》杂志，这是一家报道塑料回收行业的出版物。
recycling:回收
In terms of evolution, there has to be a reason for barking, or it probably wouldn’t be there.
”从进化的角度来说，狗汪汪叫肯定是有理由的，要不这叫声肯定在漫长的进化进化中给淘汰掉了。
evolution:进化
Eight hundred years ago things were much the same. Only then, there was only one ruler: Genghis Khan.
早在800年前，阿富汗时局依旧，唯一不同的是只有一个汗：成吉思汗。
Khan:汗
Researcher Tatiana Zerjal, from the University of Oxford in England, and a team of geneticists took genetic samples of over twenty-one thousand men from all over Asia. They were looking for variations in certain genetic “markers,” or sequences of genes that tell you something about where people came from.
牛津大学研究人员Tatiana Zerjal和一组基因学者采集了亚洲21000以上基因样本，从中寻找某种基因“记号”或基因序列变化，基因序列可以识别出身。
over:以上
Researcher Tatiana Zerjal, from the University of Oxford in England, and a team of geneticists took genetic samples of over twenty-one thousand men from all over Asia. They were looking for variations in certain genetic “markers,” or sequences of genes that tell you something about where people came from.
牛津大学研究人员Tatiana Zerjal和一组基因学者采集了亚洲21000以上基因样本，从中寻找某种基因“记号”或基因序列变化，基因序列可以识别出身。
over:以上
Researcher Tatiana Zerjal, from the University of Oxford in England, and a team of geneticists took genetic samples of over twenty-one thousand men from all over Asia. They were looking for variations in certain genetic “markers,” or sequences of genes that tell you something about where people came from.
牛津大学研究人员Tatiana Zerjal和一组基因学者采集了亚洲21000份基因样本，从中寻找某种基因“记号”或基因序列变量，基因序列可以识别出身。
variations:变量
Researcher Tatiana Zerjal, from the University of Oxford in England, and a team of geneticists took genetic samples of over twenty-one thousand men from all over Asia. They were looking for variations in certain genetic “markers,” or sequences of genes that tell you something about where people came from.
牛津大学研究人员Tatiana Zerjal和一组基因学者采集了亚洲21000份基因样本，从中寻找某种基因“记号”或基因基因变化，基因基因可以识别出身。
genes:基因
And though his power is long faded, the genetic empire of the conqueror is going strong–in roughly one out of every two hundred men alive today.
虽然时至今日，成吉思汗的政权早已出去，但是成吉思汗的基因却留在人们的血液中，今天，大概每200人中可能就有一人有这种基因。
out:出去
The actual split between the two groups, though, had happened much earlier, during the Jurassic period (the first known bird is Archaeopteryx, from 150m years ago), and by the late Cretaceous there were many species of bird around.
尽管，这两种物种早在侏罗纪时期（已知的最早弓翼龍屬是始祖鸟，生活在一亿五千万年前）就已分道扬镳，而且，到了白垩纪后期，已出现了许多种的弓翼龍屬。
Archaeopteryx:弓翼龍屬
A fossil formed so long after birds emerged does not, in truth, shed much light on that debate.
事实上，一个在鸟类出现很久之后形成的化石并没有形成的这一论战明朗化。
formed:形成的
Tom Donilon, Obama's national security advisor, says the president believes engagement is the best way to encourage further reforms.
Tom Donilon是奥巴马的国家安全顾问，他说总统认为访问是更进一步进一步改革的最好办法。
further:更进一步
Donilon says the United States is encouraging Burmese authorities to collaborate further with both the international community and domestic civil society.
Donilon说美国更进一步缅甸当局与国际社会和国内民间团体合作，这是奥巴马政府所谓的“重新平衡亚太地区”的部分内容，从而使美国在亚洲拥有更强大的军事、外交和商业据点，这一点已经使中国感到不安。
further:更进一步
Experts say warming temperatures and rising oceans are contributing to the creation of larger, more destructive storms.
专家们称气候捐助暖和不断上升的海洋会创造更大的、更具有破坏性的飓风。
contributing:捐助
And it is really important that governments going into Doha recognize that and take that in with them, so they have a sense of urgency and focus,” said Davis.
而且在多哈的政府认识到这一点并与开始考虑真的很重要,所以他们有一种紧迫感和集中注意力感。”戴维斯说道。
focus:集中注意力
But it would not take so long to be able to get to a place where we began to deploy those technologies on an enormous scale," she said.
但不会需要很长时间才能到达一个我们以很大的规模开始实施这些它的地步,”她说道。
it:它
But, because of the economy, employers reduced the number of internships available by twenty-one percent.
但是，由于目前的经济实习，雇主将实习的职位减少了21%。
internships:实习
But, because of the economy, employers reduced the number of internships available by twenty-one percent.
但是，由于目前的经济形势，雇主将实习的实习减少了21%。
internships:实习
Bill Wright at the Department of Homeland Security says fewer than forty-five thousand applications for these visas had been received as of this week.
祖国安全部的Bill Wright说，截至到本周，这种类型签证的申请少于4.5万。
Homeland:祖国
She says foreign students who work for their school or at an internship probably have the best chance for a job after graduation.
她说，为他们学校工作或者实习过的外国学生毕业后找到工作的说最大。
says:说
She points out that many foreign graduates ask to stay for what is called optional practical training.
她指出，许多外国毕业生要求留校进行选择性实践训练。
graduates:毕业生
However, scientists who analyzed the results of many studies on this subject believe the susceptibility of adolescents to substance addiction also has to do with the state of development of a particular region in adolescent brains.
科学家分析了许多相关研究调查，他们认为青少年对物质成瘾的敏感性与大脑内部科学家特定区域的发展情况有关。
scientists:科学家
However, scientists who analyzed the results of many studies on this subject believe the susceptibility of adolescents to substance addiction also has to do with the state of development of a particular region in adolescent brains.
科学家分析了许多相关研究调查，他们认为青少年对主题成瘾的敏感性与大脑内部某特定区域的发展情况有关。
subject:主题
They interpreted that the region of the brain that monitors impulse and motivation isn’t fully formed in adolescence.
他们解释说大脑控制神经冲动和冲动的区域是在青春期形成的。
impulse:冲动
To do that you need offspring, and to get a lot of those you need to be attractive. The flashier the better.
要传递基因就得有后代，要有后代你就必须得有足够的吸引力，而且越光鲜闪亮越更好。
better:更好
There are, however, five drugs-known and approved-that can slow down the development of its symptoms.
然而，有五种已知并获批准的药物能慢其症状的恶化。
slow:慢
They made their discovery, just reported in the Journal of Proteome Research, by tapping into a long-term, continuing study that started in 1995 with 1,077 non-demented and otherwise healthy people aged between 60 and 90.
该发现刊登在了最新的《蛋白质人研究杂志》。这是一项始于1995年的长期且仍在持续的研究，共有1077名年龄在60至90岁的精神正常且身体健康的人参与。
people:人
At the beginning of the project, and subsequently during the periods 1997-99 and 2002-04, participants were brought in for a battery of neurological and cognitive investigations, physical examinations, brain imaging and blood tests.
调查初期，以及此后的1997-1999和2002-2004两个时间段内，参与者分别接受了一轮神经和认知系统测试、身体检查、大脑成像和血液检查。
investigations:调查
The reason for this curious result seems to be that the brain plaques associated with Alzheimer's disease are themselves turning out pregnancy zone protein.
出现这一结果的原因可能是，与阿尔茨海默氏症相关的大脑斑点自身分泌这一蛋白。
plaques:斑点
The reason for this curious result seems to be that the brain plaques associated with Alzheimer's disease are themselves turning out pregnancy zone protein.
出现这一结果的原因可能是，与阿尔茨海默氏症相关的大脑区域自身分泌这一蛋白。
zone:区域
Certainly, when Dr Luider applied a chemical stain specific to that protein to the plaques of dead Alzheimer's patients he found the protein present in them.
路德医生将针对该蛋白的特定化学染色剂注入死亡病人的大脑斑点中，从而证明了这一蛋白的存在。
plaques:斑点
Confusingly, though, it was there in the plaques of both sexes.
然而，令人不解的是，男女病患的大脑斑点中都有这一蛋白。
plaques:斑点
Presumably, female cells (and therefore the plaques of female brains) make more of it than male cells do.
据此推测，女性细胞（包括女性大脑中的斑点）比男性细胞分泌更多的妊娠带蛋白。
plaques:斑点
Whatever the reason, however, this result means that women, at least, may soon be able to tell whether and when they are at risk of Alzheimer's-and thus do something about it before they start losing their minds.
不论是什么原因，这项结果至少意味着女性能更早知晓自己是否有罹患阿尔茨海默氏症的风险，从而在丧失记忆之前尽快加以治疗。
risk:风险
Niko Waesche, the fund's creator, aims to double his investors' money.
基金创始人尼科?华思车的目标是使投资者的基金翻倍。
fund:基金
India's largest media firm, the Times Group (aka Bennett, Coleman & Co), which publishes papers such as the Times of India, also owns a media-for-equity firm called Brand Capital, with stakes in around 400 companies.
印度最大媒体公司时代集团在发行诸如印度时报之类的报纸的同时也拥有一家媒体换股权的公司，品牌品牌资金，该公司拥有大概400家公司的股份。
Brand:品牌
Setting the tone for talks with congressional leaders, Mr Obama said he was open to cooperation and compromise with Republicans.
奥巴马为与国会领导人的会谈定下了基调，他说愿意与共和党开诚布公地妥协和妥协。
compromise:妥协
In August, gunmen opened fired on an armoured car with diplomatic license plates.
8月份，枪手向一辆外交牌照的装甲车被开枪。
fired:被开枪
There has been a surge of killings in Sao Paulo’s poor neighborhoods over the past weeks as police battered a gang called itself the First Command of the Capital.
过去数周来，自从警方开始对名为“首都第一命令”的团伙展开被殴打以来，圣保罗的贫民区暴力不断。
battered:被殴打
One major supermarket chain claimed that customers hit by the rising cost of goods containing saturated fat such as cheese, pizzas and butter has started to shop in northern Germany in order to take advantage of lower prices.
一家大型连锁超市称，在德国北部，许多顾客因成本上涨而减少购买含有饱和脂肪的食物，诸如奶酪、披萨和黄油，但现在趁着价格低廉，他们又开始购买。
customers:顾客
The chain warned that it would start building stores across the border if the tax wasn't scrapped.
这家超市警告说，如果不取消这项税收，将准备跨境建筑超市。
building:建筑
Witnesses and relatives of Mrs Boiro said she was killed in a residential area of the capital Conakry. They said one of the attackers was wearing what appeared to be a military uniform.
目击者及Boiro的亲属称她是在首都科纳克里的住处出现杀，他们称一名袭击者穿的似乎是军装。
appeared:出现
Witnesses and relatives of Mrs Boiro said she was killed in a residential area of the capital Conakry. They said one of the attackers was wearing what appeared to be a military uniform.
目击者及Boiro的亲属称她是在首都科纳克里的住处被杀，他们称一名袭击者制服的似乎是军装。
uniform:制服
The BBC and its News Night program were already under scrutiny for dropping an investigation into child abuse by a former BBC staff Jimmy Savile.
因放弃对BBC前雇员萨维尔虐童案的检查，BBC及其夜间新闻栏目都受到审查。
scrutiny:检查
Defense cuts imposed as a part of government austerity program will affect pay and conditions of service.
国防预算是政府紧缩计划的重要剪切，将影响到军人的薪水和处境。
cuts:剪切
Tens of thousands of Mr Correa's supporters gathered at a stadium in the capital Quito for the announcement.
科雷亚的数万名支持者聚会在首都基多体育馆，等待这个宣布。
announcement:宣布
Women had to be back at their dorms by ten or eleven on school nights.
女同学在校晚上必须在10 点或11 点前回到宿舍。
nights:晚上
Finn: This is our word-tastic programme where you learn the latest English-tastic phrases.
本节目世界一流，大家可以在此学到最新最好的英语短语。
phrases:短语
The man named as the president of the new unified coalition is Ahmad Moaz al-Khatib. He is a moderate Islamist cleric, who left Damascus just three months ago and would therefore be considered an insider.
被提名当选为新的统一联盟总统的是Ahmad Moaz al -Khatib，他是温和派伊斯兰牧师，三个月前离开大马士革，因此被考虑权威者。
considered:考虑
The friends of the Syrian group led by the United States has pledged to recognize the new coalition officially as the sole legitimate representative of the Syrians. It may be allowed to take Syria's seat at the Arab League.
这个叙利亚联盟以美国为代表的友邦已承诺正式认可新联盟为叙利亚唯一的合法代表，或许还允许叙利亚在阿盟占有一席之地。
coalition:联盟
The friends of the Syrian group led by the United States has pledged to recognize the new coalition officially as the sole legitimate representative of the Syrians. It may be allowed to take Syria's seat at the Arab League.
这个叙利亚组织以美国为代表的友邦已承诺正式认可新联盟为叙利亚唯一的合法代表，或许还合法的叙利亚在阿盟占有一席之地。
legitimate:合法的
The Israeli military says it's fired warning shots into Syria after a mortar round from Syria hit an Israeli outpost in the Occupied Golan Heights.
伊斯兰军队称一枚被开枪炮从叙利亚境内发出，落在占领的戈兰高地上的以色列前哨，于是就鸣枪警告。
fired:被开枪
Islamist militants took control of northern Mali following a coup in March. They've imposed strict sharia law and have destroyed tombs in ancient towns like Timbuktu, hundreds of thousands of people have fled the area.
三月份政变后，伊斯兰武装分子夺去了马里北部，他们实施严厉的伊斯兰沙里亚，毁掉像廷巴克图这样古镇上的墓穴，已有数万人逃离该地区。
sharia:沙里亚
George Entwistle stepped down in the wake of a television report that wrongly implicated a former British political figure in child sex abuse.
一则电视报道错误英国人将英国一名前政客牵涉到儿童性侵案中，总裁乔治•恩特威斯尔因此辞职。
British:英国人
It must approve huge spending cuts if Greece is to receive the next installment of bailout funds from international creditors.
如果希腊想从国际贷方手中接受下一笔援助资金，就必须削减开支。
receive:接受
Police in the Egyptian capital Cairo say they've broken a ring of child traffickers who are believed to have sold 300 babies.
埃及首都开罗的警察称歼灭了一个婴儿团伙，据说他们卖出了300名婴儿。
babies:婴儿
Egyptian police have so far provided only sketchy details of the case they've built, but it seems that an extensive child trafficking ring has been disrupted.
埃及警察至今只透露了这起案件的少量细节，但看来这个大型贩婴团伙已似乎摧毁。
seems:似乎
Two nurses and a doctor from the same clinic in Cario are among five people of arrested so far, and police say they are still looking for the hospital manager.
到目前为止，被捕者中有来自开罗同一家诊所的两名护士和一名医生，警察称仍在追寻这家医院的经理。
manager:经理
It's claimed they performed Caesarean Operations on women carrying unwanted children and then sold the babies to childless couples.
据说他们为怀孕但不想要婴儿的妇女做剖腹产手术，然后将婴儿卖给没有婴儿的夫妇。
babies:婴儿
Having fewer children has long paid a so-called demographic dividend to rich countries in Europe and North America.
少生孩子支付的欧洲和北美的富裕国家长期带来了所谓的人口红利。
paid:支付的
"To be able to choose the number of children and when you start having children, so that has dramatically changed the way people live in many countries.
“活自主选择生育数量和生育时间，极大地改变了许多国家人民的生活方式。
live:活
They're able to live longer and healthier lives because of family planning, and it also has a positive multiplier effect on development because of the increased savings that are possible within the family and the investment in economic growth that brings about."
因为计划生育，他们活过上更长寿更健康的生活，由此带来的家庭储蓄可能的增长以及对经济增长的投入也会对发展产生积极的乘数效应。”
live:活
"Corn is our number one feed ingredient, and the drought has obviously increased the price of corn dramatically and, frankly, the fact that an ever-increasing amount of the corn crop is being diverted to ethanol production also has increased the cost of corn.
“玉米是我们喂养火鸡的头号饲料原料，很明显干旱显著提升了玉米的价格，同时坦率地说，偏向乙醇生产的玉米数量不断增加也提升了玉米的成本。
diverted:偏向
The Pilgrims' feast in sixteen twenty-one is often considered the nation's first Thanksgiving.
”1621年美国新移民的庆祝活动通常被考虑是美国第一个感恩节。
considered:考虑
He did not want to shorten the Christmas holiday shopping season in years when November has a fifth Thursday.
他不希望那些11月有第五个星期四的年份圣诞假期购物圣诞节有所缩短。
Christmas:圣诞节
While a bird’s respiratory system takes up about one fifth of its body, its lungs are relatively rigid and small, and don’t fully deflate.
当鸟呼吸系统占据它身体的五分之一期间，它的肺比较僵硬，也比较小，不会完全紧缩。
While:期间
When a bird inhales, the air goes into the rear air sacs, and when it exhales, that air moves forward to the lungs, where oxygen is exchanged for carbon dioxide waste.
鸟在吸气时，空气进入鸟肺泡的底部，而当呼吸时，空气就向肺的前面移动，在那里氧气被交换成二氧化碳废气。
exhales:呼吸
Then, when the bird inhales again, the air is pushed out of the lungs and into the front air sacs.
然后，鸟再次吸气，空气就从肺中进入肺泡。
air:空气
Then, when the bird inhales again, the air is pushed out of the lungs and into the front air sacs.
然后，鸟再次吸气，空气就从肺中进入肺泡。
air:空气
When it exhales a second time, the air leaves the body.
当第二次呼吸时，气体就从身体出来了。
exhales:呼吸
When it exhales a second time, the air leaves the body.
当第二次呼气时，空气就从身体出来了。
air:空气
Y: So it takes two breaths to process a packet of air.
所以鸟类需要呼吸两次才能处理空气了。
air:空气
The protests were sparked by a cut in subsidies, meant to forestall a fiscal crisis and comply with IMF loans. But it has unleashed resentment of what some call an absolute monarchy.
引发抗议的事件，是为阻止财政危机并遵守国际货币基金组织规定而进行的补贴削减，但这也使人们长久对专制政权的不满开始发泄。
subsidies:补贴
The protests were sparked by a cut in subsidies, meant to forestall a fiscal crisis and comply with IMF loans. But it has unleashed resentment of what some call an absolute monarchy.
引发抗议的事件，是为阻止财政危机并遵守国际货币基金组织规定而进行的补助金削减，但这也使人们长久对君主制政权的不满开始发泄。
monarchy:君主制
"Here the regime has no intention of of accepting people's demand for significant and serious reform because all powers are amassed in the hands of the king himself," said Kamhawi.
“当局无心接受人民需求进行重大严肃改革的需求，因为所有的权力都集中在国王一人手中。”
demand:需求
You see, supermarkets can get about a third of shoppers to switch from one brand to a second brand by introducing a third brand designed to draw attention to the target brand.
你知道，超市会通过介绍第三品牌来将大约1/ 3购物者对一种品牌的关注转移到其它目标品牌。
shoppers:购物者
So when this decoy brand shows up on the shelf, suddenly shoppers find themselves more attracted to a brand they had previouslyignored.
所以“诱饵”品牌上架了，也许购物者以前忽视某个目标品牌，会变得更关注该品牌。
shoppers:购物者
But that didn’t stop researchers from luring the birds toward less choice flowers.
但是，研究人员依然成功地引诱蜂鸟选择平时很少选择的花朵。
researchers:研究人员
Y: Not really. This technique could actually prove beneficial in conservation efforts to protect certain species of flowers, making them more attractive to pollinators such as hummingbirds.
Y:可别这样说，这种技术有利于保护一些花种，可以帮助它们吸引比如蜂鸟等的传粉者。
technique:技术
A trove of fossils sheds light on the evolution of feathers
珍贵羽毛化石的发现能够更好地阐释羽毛的进化进化
evolution:进化
The earliest known bird, Archaeopteryx, lived during the Jurassic, the period before the Cretaceous.
人类所熟知的最古老弓翼龍屬始祖鸟生活在白垩纪时期之前的侏罗纪时期。
Archaeopteryx:弓翼龍屬
The second picture shows one similar in shape to those sported by modern birds.
第二幅一个显示的羽毛形状与现代鸟类羽毛相似。
one:一个
But it is redheads who have long been the more feared, revered, loathed and loved; hence the rumour that it takes more than an average dose of anaesthetic to sedate a carrot-top.
但长期以来，人们又敬、又畏、又爱、又恨的却是红色头发的人，因此有传言说，给红头发的人进行麻醉都得多打一点麻醉剂。
anaesthetic:麻醉剂
As Sylvia Plath, herself a Titian tigress of sorts, once remarked, “Out of the ash I rise with my red hair, and eat men like air.”
西尔维娅·普拉斯本人就勉强算是一个长吃“提香式红发”的母老虎，她曾经写道：“我站起身来披吃红发走出灰烬我大啖人肉如同吞噬空气”。
eat:吃
As Sylvia Plath, herself a Titian tigress of sorts, once remarked, “Out of the ash I rise with my red hair, and eat men like air.”
西尔维娅·普拉斯本人就勉强算是一个长着“提香如红发”的母老虎，她曾经写道：“我站起身来披着红发走出灰烬我大啖人肉如同吞噬空气”。
like:如
Yves le Fur, curator of a new show about hair at the Quai Branly museum in Paris, is well aware that one of the earliest depictions of styled hair is a paleolithic figurine known as the Venus of Brassempouy, which was discovered in south-west France in 1894.
巴黎的凯布朗利博物馆举办了一场关于人类头发的新展览。展览负责人伊夫·乐福很清楚：对发型最早的刻画之一是1894年在法国西南部出土的旧石器时代雕像（被样式“布拉瑟普的维纳斯”）。
styled:样式
Middle age and chemotherapy are just two reasons why people lose their hair.
上了年纪和化学化疗仅仅是人类脱发的两个原因。
chemotherapy:化疗
But photographs of l'épuration, a grisly moment at the time of the liberation when the country rose up against those suspected of being collaborators, are still shocking.
但这里展出的关于大清洗的仍旧却更加令人震惊——恐怖的大清洗发生在法国解放前后，当时全国人民起身反抗那些有通敌嫌疑的人。
still:仍旧
It is easy, in these politically correct times, to forget that similar practices were just as common in Europe and America.
在这些政治立场正确的时间，我们很容易忘记一点：类似行为在欧美也是司空见惯的。
times:时间
The Quai Branly museum may be just six years old, but it is in its way old-fashioned, a throwback to a less timorous time when museums were proud to display human scalps and heads shrunken by Amazon tribes (pictured).
凯布朗利博物馆可能只有六年的历史，但它的展览方式却有些复古怀旧，回到了老那种较为大胆的时期：以展出人类的头皮和亚马逊部落缩制而成的头颅（如图）为荣。
old:老
The Quai Branly museum may be just six years old, but it is in its way old-fashioned, a throwback to a less timorous time when museums were proud to display human scalps and heads shrunken by Amazon tribes (pictured).
凯布朗利博物馆可能只有六年的历史，但它的展览方式却有些复古怀旧，回到了老那种较为大胆的时期：以展出人类的头皮和亚马逊部落缩制而成的头颅（如图）为荣。
old:老
Others who want to graduate in three years must pay for the same education as four-year students, but in a shorter period of time.
其他想在三年内毕业的毕业需要接受和四年制毕业同样的教育，但是在更短的时间内完成。
graduate:毕业
On Tuesday, President Obama announced a plan to invest twelve billion dollars in community colleges over the next ten years. The goal is to help an additional five million students earn degrees or certificates.
周二，奥巴马总统宣布了一项计划，在未来的十年之内向社区大学投资120 亿美元，目标是帮助额外的500万名学生挣钱学位或资格证书。
earn:挣钱
The president said jobs requiring at least an associate degree are expected to grow twice as fast in the coming years as jobs requiring no college experience.
奥巴马总统表示，在未来的几年，要求肄业证书的工作增长速度将是不要求大学经验的工作增长速度的两倍。
experience:经验
The State Department says it is working to reduce visa delays that have affected foreign science students and researchers over the past year.
美国国务院表示，他们已经减少了在过去几年影响理科学生和研究人员的签证延迟。
reduce:减少
To reduce costs, you might look into online classes or a foreign campus of an American school.
为了减少费用，你可以上网络课堂查询或到美国学校国外分校了解。
reduce:减少
Y: Well, like glasses, contact lenses work by bending light rays just the right amount to make the object come into focus on the retina at the back of the eye.
Y:和框架眼镜原理一样，隐形眼镜调节适量的射线进入眼睛，在眼睛后的视网膜上聚焦成像。
rays:射线
Sometimes the eye’s natural lens has an imperfection or may not be shaped properly, which can make your vision blurry or distorted.
有时候，眼睛晶状体老化或不完善都将有形视力模糊或扭曲。
shaped:有形
Depending on your vision, the right kind of lens helps your eye focus light properly and project a clear image onto the retina.
适合你视力的隐形眼镜纠正视力，辅助眼睛屈光，在视网膜上清楚视觉。
vision:视觉
A lion will expend a lot of energy running down a zebra because, once it is caught, the calories contained in the meal far outweigh those expended in the chase.
一头狮子可以耗掉大量的体力去追捕一匹斑马，那是因为一旦抓住了那匹斑马，它能摄入的斑马肉里的能量大大比重了他在追捕过程中消耗的能量。
outweigh:比重
The amount of energy expended in building a space program, fueling rockets, to say nothing of getting from one star to another, would be huge.
建筑一个空间计划，制造燃料火箭都需要消耗很多能量，更不用说从一个星球飞至另一个星球需要消耗更多的能量！
building:建筑
For any realistic technology it would far outweigh the benefit of just munching on people.
与其猎食人类，还不如将那些能量用于更有实际意义的它。
it:它
Most adults who have mild or moderate asthma are told to use their inhalers twice daily, even if they don't have symptoms.
有轻度或中度哮喘的大多数温和即使没有病症，也被叮嘱每天要使用呼吸器2次。
moderate:温和
The medicine in those compressed-air inhalers are corticosteroids, which open a person's airways and decrease mucus so it's easier to breathe.
那些压缩空气呼吸器中的药物是皮质类固醇,它会打开一个人的肺空气并减少粘液,使人更容易呼吸。
air:空气
That can be triggered by a wide range of factors, some genetic, some environmental.
这可以由各种各样的因素因素,比如基因,环境因素等。
factors:因素
Falling autumn leaves and other seasonal changes that put fine debris in the air can also trigger an attack.
而秋天落叶和其他秋天更替使空气中布满颗粒也可以引起发作。
autumn:秋天
That was before Grizzaffi participated in a study that involved ten academic centers and more than 300 adults with mild to moderate asthma.
这是格里萨法立参加一项涉及10个学术中心，超过患有轻度至中度哮喘300名温和在内参加的研究之前曾说过的话。
moderate:温和
It also resulted in a reduction in exacerbation in the autumn, a time when exacerbation are typically high and it also resulted in a reduction in absenteeism from school or work,” Calhoun said.
它还导致在秋天恶化的减少,而秋天这一秋天通常病发很高而且还导致学校或工作旷工的减少。”卡尔霍恩说道。
autumn:秋天
Under his doctor's care, Frank Grizzaffi no longer follows his old regimen.
在他医生的护理下,弗兰克·格里萨法立不再遵从他的旧政权。
regimen:政权
The radical Muslim cleric Abu Qatada is to be released on bail after winning his latest appeal against deportation from Britain to his homeland Jordan where he was convicted in his absence of plotting bomb attacks.
穆斯林激进分子Abu Qatada最近就英国将其驱逐回祖国约旦的决定上诉上诉并胜诉，将被保释出狱，此前，他被定罪为在不在场的情况下策划爆炸袭击。
appeal:上诉
Theresa May said the court had applied the wrong legal text, she will ask the court of appeal to consider the issue again.
特雷莎•梅认为法庭运用了错误的法律文本，她上诉上诉法庭重新考虑这一案件。
appeal:上诉
Theresa May said the court had applied the wrong legal text, she will ask the court of appeal to consider the issue again.
特雷莎•梅考虑法庭运用了错误的法律文本，她要求上诉法庭重新考虑这一案件。
consider:考虑
Official recognition of this sort by the nations which support the Syrian opposition was part of the deal they offered to persuade the different factions to shelf their differences and create a unified leadership structure.
架子反对派的各国认为这一官方认可是他们计划的一部分，他们劝说不同的派别搁置争议，创造一个统一的领导结构。
shelf:架子
The coalition's new leader Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib is in Cario to talk to the Arab League where Qatar and other supporters will be pushing for full Arab recognition of this new group.
联盟的新领导目前正在开罗与阿拉伯联盟进行会谈，与此同时，卡塔尔和其他支持国家将推进阿拉伯世界对这一新的联盟的认可。
coalition:联盟
The coalition's new leader Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib is in Cario to talk to the Arab League where Qatar and other supporters will be pushing for full Arab recognition of this new group.
联盟的新领导目前正在开罗与阿拉伯联盟进行会谈，与此同时，卡塔尔和其他支持国家将推力阿拉伯世界对这一新的组织的认可。
pushing:推力
Israel has fired tank shells at a Syrian army artillery unit after mortar shells fell near an Israeli army post in the occupied Golan Heights.
在位于以色列占领区格兰高地的一座军事基地附近落下叙利亚的迫击炮弹后，以色列用坦克炮向叙利亚部队的炮兵单位被开枪。
fired:被开枪
Israel has again warned Syira that it will make a tougher response to any more shelling.
以色列再次警告，如还有炮弹事件答复，则将采取更强硬的对抗行动。
response:答复
Members of parliament in Britain have been calling on the BBC to reconsider the $715,000 payoff promised to its former director general.
BBC将回报给辞职的前总裁71.5万美元，英国国会议员们要求BBC对此予以重新考虑。
payoff:回报
George Entwistle resigned on Saturday following a television report wrongly accusing a former British Conservative politician of child sexual abuse.
紧接着电视报道错误英国人指控前英国保守党成员性骚扰儿童，BBC总裁恩特威斯尔于周六辞职。
British:英国人
The payoff to the former director general George Entwistle is proving to be yet another political and public relations disaster for the BBC.
事实证明，这一支回报前任总裁恩特威斯尔的酬金，将使BBC与政界及公众的关系陷入新一轮灾难之中。
payoff:回报
The companies all report European sales through their headquarters in other EU countries allowing them to take advantage of lower tax rates there.
这三家公司均通过设在欧盟以外的总部报告了其在欧洲的销售情况，这一做法利用了那些国家的低利率优势。
rates:利率
According to the Supreme Court, he sets up the illegal scheme that used public funds to pay politicians from coalition parties to approve government proposals.
最高法院公布，他策划了一起非法阴谋，即利用公共资金支付联合的各党派，以批准政府方案。
approve:批准
I'm not prepared to listen either to answer the United Nations or to any of the world powers and the truth is also the rapid report does make this point.
我不准备听联合国或任何强国所说的话，也不会作出回答，真话是，这篇匆忙作出的报告并没提到这一点。
truth:真话
The Franch President Francois Hollande said his country considered the coalition to be the legitimate representative of the Syrian people.
法国总统弗朗索瓦•奥朗德称法国考虑该联盟是代表叙利亚人民的合法代表。
considered:考虑
Mr Hollande's announcement is a clear sign that West is now pinning its hopes on the Syrian opposition finally being able to offer a united and effective alternative to President Assad.
奥朗德的宣布清楚表明，西方现在将希望放在叙利亚反对派身上，希望他们能作为统一并有效的组织代替总统阿萨德。
announcement:宣布
The Pentagon is reviewing tens of thousands of documents emailed by the General to Jill Kelley, a friend of his and of David Petraeus, the former General, who resigned as head of the CIA on Friday following revelations of an affair.
国防部正在审查将军与吉尔•凯利多达数万页的通讯记录，吉尔•凯利是他和前将军大卫•彼得雷乌斯共同的朋友，彼得雷乌斯在绯闻曝光后已于周五辞职中情局局长一职。
resigned:辞职
The United State treasury has posted a sharp rise in the federal budget deficit, they said the gap between the government income and spending widened by 22% in October compared with the same month last year.
美国财政部称联邦预算赤字急剧上升，与去年同期相比，称10月份政府收入和开支之间的差距扩大了22%。
widened:扩大
Jayhawkers were free-state guerrilla fighters opposed to the pro-slavery fighters in the years before the Civil War.
Jayhawkers是指“自由州”游击游击队，他们在美国南北战争前的那些年抗击亲奴隶制游击队。
guerrilla:游击队
This has, to some extent, been expected after militant fired hundreds of rockets from Gaza at the weekend.
在一定范围上，自从周末加沙的武装分子发射来数百发炮弹以后，就一直准备这么做。
extent:范围
Calling the targeted killing of Jabari a clear message to Hamas, Israel says its intention is for the violence in and around the Gaza Strip to end.
以色列称有针对性地杀死贾巴里是在向哈马斯明确表示，一定要意图加沙地带内部及其附近的暴力活动。
intention:意图
The report concludes that the UN failed at every level to do so in Sri Lanka, pointing out its reluctance to publish casualty figures, its decision to withdraw staff from the war zone and its failure to report evidence of widespread government shelling.
这份报告称从各个方面上讲，联合国在斯里兰卡都出去做到这一点，称联合国不愿公布伤亡人数，并决定从战区撤回人员，且出去报道有关政府大规模轰击的证据。
out:出去
Agricultural laborers on vineyards and fruit farms in the fertile region around Cape Town blocked roads, set field alight, overturned the vehicles and destroyed the equipment.
在开普顿肥沃地区的葡萄园和果园农场的农业工人封锁了道路，推翻汽车，还毁坏设备。
farms:农场
On Wednesday, Egypt's President Mohamed Morsi earned international praise for helping negotiate a cease-fire in Gaza.
本周三，埃及总统穆罕默德·穆尔西（Mohamed Morsi）协助加沙停火谈判赢得国际上的赞扬。
praise:赞扬
He barred the courts from taking any action to dissolve the upper house of parliament or the assembly writing a new constitution.
他禁止法院采取任何行动解散议会上院，禁止法院编写新宪法。
courts:法院
Those new trials could include a retrial for Hosni Mubarak.
这些新重审可能包括重审穆巴拉克。
retrial:重审
The cease-fire between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza halted the most serious Israeli-Palestinian fighting in four years.
以色列和加沙哈马斯武装人员之间的停顿火使四年以来最严重的以巴冲突停顿了下来。
halted:停顿
The cease-fire between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza halted the most serious Israeli-Palestinian fighting in four years.
以色列和加沙哈马斯武装人员之间的停火使四年以来最严重的以巴战斗停了下来。
fighting:战斗
Israel and Hamas traded rocket fire for eight days after an Israeli missile strike killed the Hamas military chief in Gaza City.
在以色列的导弹袭击杀死了加沙城的哈马斯军事首领后，以色列和哈马斯互射了8天导弹。
missile:导弹
Israel and Hamas traded rocket fire for eight days after an Israeli missile strike killed the Hamas military chief in Gaza City.
在以色列的导弹袭击杀死了加沙城的哈马斯军事酋长后，以色列和哈马斯互射了8天火箭弹。
chief:酋长
Protests in support of Gaza broke out across Egypt after the conflict intensified.
矛盾激发之后，支持加沙的抗议支持在埃及各地爆发。
support:支持
But few Egyptians want to see large numbers of poor and often militant Palestinians cross the border from Gaza into the Egyptian Sinai.
但几乎没有埃及人希望看到大量希望还往往激进的巴勒斯坦人从加沙越过边境进入埃及的西奈。
want:希望
“When she asked me, I felt I had the skills to help her with the treatment until she gets better,” Nambuli said.
“当她问及我的时候,我觉得自己有能力帮助她的治疗,直到她更好起来。”
better:更好
The MSF program was launched in 2008 with the idea that if the sick can't travel to treatment, then treatment must be brought to them.
楠布利说道。无国界医生组织在2008年推出这样一种程序,如果病人不能自己动身前往治疗,那么治疗就必须带给他们。
program:程序
The MSF program was launched in 2008 with the idea that if the sick can't travel to treatment, then treatment must be brought to them.
楠布利说道。无国界医生组织在2008年推出这样一种想法,如果病人不能自己旅行治疗,那么治疗就必须带给他们。
travel:旅行
I mean the benefits I've seen in the support groups, more people actually are getting better,” Sidumo said.
我的意思是我所见到的益处在于团队的支持,很多人实际上境况正在变更好。”
better:更好
Remember that kid in your grade school class who stuttered?
还记得小学时班上那个 stuttered结巴的孩子吗？
stuttered:stuttered
The first tests look promising: many of the volunteers who had a stutter found that their problem was helped by wearing such an electronic earpiece.
第一批测试看起来效果不错：很多参与测试的口吃志愿者都发现，佩戴上这种电子耳机后，口吃情况有所好转。
tests:测试
Vesta’s surface has a coating of pyroxine and olivine, two minerals that are actually also spewed up by volcanoes here on earth.
在灶神星的表面覆盖了厚厚的一层玄武岩和橄榄石，这两种橄榄油都是由此处的火上喷发而出的。
olivine:橄榄油
On February 22nd one pharmaceutical firm, Vivus, took a small step towards this goal.
2月22日，Vivus制药公司朝着这个目标接受了一步。
took:接受
A committee advising America's Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recommended that it approve Vivus's diet drug, Qnexa.
给美国食品药物食品药品监督管理局做咨询的一家委员会推荐，Vivus公司的减肥药Qnexa。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
Allergan, best known for selling Botox, has tried to use its Lap-Band to tap the obesity market.
Allergan公司以销售肉毒杆菌而出名，最好的用产品Lap -Band打入减肥市场。
best:最好的
Last year the FDA approved the Lap-Band's use in patients who are only slightly overweight, but insurers have refused to pay.
去年，美国食品药物食品药品监督管理局同意，微超重病人使用Lap -Band，但是保险公司却拒绝付款。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
It has been 13 years since the FDA approved a prescription diet pill.
从美国食品药物食品药品监督管理局批准减肥药为处方药到如今已经过了十三年。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
The FDA rejected Vivus's Qnexa in 2010 over concerns for the safety of pregnant women and the quickening of patients' heart rates.
美国食品药物食品药品监督管理局于2010年拒绝批准Vivus公司的Qnexa，因为担心该药对孕妇的安全造成伤害，担心该药会加快患者的心率。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
Vivus's new data apparently satisfied the FDA's advisory committee.
Vivus公司新的数据显然让食品药品监督管理局的咨询委员会满意。
FDA:食品药品监督管理局
Even if Qnexa is approved, it is unclear that patients will buy it.
就算Qnexa获得批准，患者会不会买仍不明了。
buy:买
It is the largest single criminal fine in US history, $1.25bn just part of the $4bn criminal settlement that BP has made with the American Department of Justice.
这是美国历史上最大金额的单一刑事犯罪好的，好的为12 亿美元，这是BP与美国司法部达成的刑事和解中规定的40 亿美元的一部分。
fine:好的
The BBC has agreed to pay nearly $300,000 in damages to a former senior British political figure, Lord McAlpine, after broadcasting a report which resulted in him being wrongly identified as a child abuser.
BBC同意向英国一名前自身政治人物McAlpine勋爵支付近30万美元的损害，原因是BBC的一篇报道导致他被错误地被视为虐童者。
damages:损害
The United Nations accuses Rwanda and Uganda of backing the rebels, allegations they both deny.
联合国指控卢旺达和乌干达支持叛军，两国都对此否认。
allegations:指控
West African leaders are still hoping peace talks can be held with the Islamist militants who control northern Mali, but dialogue seems unlikely to succeed, and there are plans for more 3,000 West African soldiers to be deployed to oust the militants.
西非领导人仍希望与占据马里北部的伊斯兰武装分子谈话和平事宜，但对话看似仍不可能，因此计划派出另外3000名非洲士兵驱逐这些武装分子。
talks:谈话
The Palestinian Group Hamas said it was aimed at the Israel’s parliament-the Knesset.
巴勒斯坦哈马斯组织称袭击目标是以色列國會。
Knesset:國會
I watched as it rips deeply into dusk, heading northeast, towards the place both Israelis and Palestinians regarded as their capital.
我看到导弹朝着以色列和巴勒斯坦都被视为首都的地方，一路向东北方飞去，最后在黄昏的背景下爆炸开来。
regarded:被视为
President Obama has met congressional leaders to try to avert a budget crisis that could tip the United States back into recession unless he can reach a deal with his Republican opponents by the end of the year.
总统奥巴马与国会议长举行会谈，努力避免发生可能导致美国再度回到衰退的预算危机，除非他能与共和党同僚在尖端之前达成协议，这个危险很有可能发生。
tip:尖端
Paulo Maluf, who's a member of congress, one of Brazil’s richest men, was ordered by a court in Jersey to pay back more than $10m plus interests to the Sao Paulo city authorities.
国会议员Paulo Maluf是巴西首富，泽西岛法庭命令他将1000多万美元的本金和利息交回圣保罗城市。
city:城市
Clashes broke out between the Tuareg MNLA and Islamist militants in the region of Gao. The fighting is taking place as plans by West African states for military intervention in northern Mali gather pace.
图阿雷格部族阿扎瓦德民族解放运动( MNLA)与伊斯兰武装分子在加奥地区战斗，战斗发生时，西非国家对马里北部的干涉计划正在快速实施。
fighting:战斗
The Obama administration is launching a national competition called Race to the Top.
奥巴马政府在全国范围内发起叫做“冲顶赛跑”( Race to the Top)的种族。
Race:种族
The president wants the United States to regain the world's highest college graduation rates, especially in math and science.
奥巴马总统希望美国能够重新恢复世界最高的高等教育毕业率，尤其是数学和科学方面。
regain:恢复
The president wants the United States to regain the world's highest college graduation rates, especially in math and science.
奥巴马总统希望美国能够重新获得世界最高的高等教育毕业率，尤其是数学和数学方面。
math:数学
That requirement could make it difficult for several states to receive money from the fund.
这个要求会使得几个州很难接受该基金。
receive:接受
Finally, it helps produce a chemical that kills disease-causing bacteria.
再来就是，这种细菌还有助于一种能杀死致病细菌的化学物质的生成。
bacteria:细菌
The sun’s upper layers will expand and lose material, and eventually the core will cool enough to become a white dwarf star, and finally a black dwarf.
太阳的上层也将扩大，失去材料重量，最后中心冷却到一定程度就成了白矮星，最终成黑矮星。
material:材料
People who believe in a just world are expressing acceptance of society and its institutions.
信仰公平的人相信这个社会以及其所有的制度。
believe:相信
Over the years, various aristocrats, cousins and horse-racing grandees have been more or less plausibly identified as her friends.
许多年来，各种伟大的人物，皇亲国戚，参加赛马的显贵们都或多或少地证实了哪些为女王的朋友。
grandees:伟大的人物
Even among such intimates, boundaries are observed, for fear of crossing an unseen line and triggering a stare of blank, silent rebuke.
即使在和这些密友相处的过程中，也有界线需要遵守，亲属们害怕越过无形的界线会使女王受惊，从而招致无声的指责。
intimates:亲属
She only returned to London after pleas from her new, young prime minister, Tony Blair (and lynch-mob demands to “Show Us You Care” from the tabloids).
在当时新上任的年轻的首相托尼·布莱尔的恳请下，女王才返回了伦敦。（一些愤怒的群众在小报上叫嚣“拿出你关心的证据”）
returned:返回
Including Mr Marr's book, five new biographies have been prepared for 2012, the queen's diamond jubilee year.
2012年，在女王登基60周年之际，纪念包括马尔这本书在内的五本新传记都将书。
book:书
Including Mr Marr's book, five new biographies have been prepared for 2012, the queen's diamond jubilee year.
2012年，在女王登基60结婚纪念日之际，纪念包括马尔这本书在内的五本新传记都将出版。
jubilee:结婚纪念日
Robert Hardman, a royal correspondent for the Daily Mail, offers a convincing tour of the British monarchy as an institution, apeing the vantage point of the fly-on-the-wall documentary.
罗伯特·哈德曼是《每日邮报》的一名王室事务记者，他猴子电视真人秀的纪实特点，展现了英国女王的生活中很重要的部分。
apeing:猴子
Sally Bedell Smith, an American society biographer, offers her readers the illusion of knowing the queen as a friend.
美国的社会传记传记家莎莉·贝德尔·史密斯向读者描述了女王作为朋友的一面。
biographer:传记家
A witness describes how a puppy defecated in front of the queen during a visit to a Kentucky horse-breeder, breaking the ice.
一个目击者描述，在女王去肯塔基州一户养马人家时，一只狗仔当着女王的大便，这打破了沉默的气氛。
puppy:狗仔
It is reported that the queen likes a travel rug round her knees and used to wear a hard hat when watching stallions cover her mares (now she stands on a viewing platform, after health and safety advice).
据报道，女王喜欢在膝盖上裹一条毯子，在看她的马匹和母马交配时喜欢戴一顶安全帽（出于卫生和安全考虑，现在她站在一个观景平台上观看）。
mares:马匹
It is an admiring portrait, of an unfashionably dutiful monarch who in her weekly audiences offers prime ministers what he calls “a kind of higher therapy”—a chance to share anxieties or explanations which will never leak, with someone who has read almost every state secret of the past 60 years (and so has heard worse before).
这是一本令人钦佩的传记，它记述了一位守旧、尽职的女王每周会见首相时提供的“高级疗法”—用马尔的话来说—这是首相和女王分担焦虑、共谋计策的过去，这些谈话的内容永远不会泄露出去，在过去的六十年，女王几乎知晓所有的国家机密(之前听过更糟糕的消息)。
past:过去
It is an admiring portrait, of an unfashionably dutiful monarch who in her weekly audiences offers prime ministers what he calls “a kind of higher therapy”—a chance to share anxieties or explanations which will never leak, with someone who has read almost every state secret of the past 60 years (and so has heard worse before).
这是一本令人钦佩的传记，它记述了一位守旧、尽职的女王每周会见首相时提供的“高级疗法”—用马尔的话来说—这是首相和女王分担焦虑、共谋计策的时刻，这些谈话的内容永远不会泄露出去，在过去的六十年，女王几乎知晓所有的国家机密(之前听过更更糟的消息)。
worse:更糟
In perhaps a claim too far, Mr Marr emphasises the comfort offered by the queen as a symbol of the continuing British state.
马尔强调了女王继续大英帝国延续的标志给人们带来的慰藉，这一点可能说的有些过头了。
continuing:继续
To adapt the queen's one-liner: for all that the spectacle and unattainable glamour of royalty still fascinates (and helps sell books), for Britain's jubilee monarch the show is a means to an end.
为了改编了女王一脉相承的生活：所有的规模宏大的庆典和难以企及的皇室魅力仍然散发着强大的吸引力（这也有助于图书的出售），对于已经登基了六十周年的英国女王来说这场秀可能是一个结束。
sell:出售
This book reintroduces us to Ernst “Putzi” Hanfstaengl, a backslapping German-American graduate of Harvard, who positioned himself between Hitler and the foreign press and who fancied himself the Führer’s bridge to America itself.
本书让我们重新认识了恩斯特·普希·汉夫施滕格尔，他是德裔美国人，哈佛大学的毕业生，喜好相互吹捧，定位希特勒和外国记者之间，自诩为元首与美国本身的桥梁。
positioned:定位
Hanfstaengl eventually fell out of favour, and narrowly escaped being tossed out of a plane (with a parachute) over Republican-held territory in Spain.
汉夫施滕格尔最终不再受青睐，在西班牙，当飞机逃脱共和党控制的领土上空时险遭被逼跳机（背着降落伞）的命运。
escaped:逃脱
A veteran journalist, formerly with Newsweek, Mr Nagorski seems most interested in the stories of diplomats and fellow hacks.
作为《新闻周刊》的前资深记者，纳戈尔斯基似乎对外交官和雇佣记者的故事最感兴趣。
journalist:记者
They come off a bit better than their sightseeing countrymen, even if their early views were wide of the mark.
即使他们早期的观点有些离谱，也比来观光的同胞稍更好一点。
better:更好
They come off a bit better than their sightseeing countrymen, even if their early views were wide of the mark.
即使他们早期的观点有些离谱，也比来观光的农民稍好一点。
countrymen:农民
Dorothy Thompson, celebrity journalist and wife of the novelist Sinclair Lewis, published a 1932 book called “I Saw Hitler!”.
知名记者桃乐茜·汤普森是小说家辛克莱·刘易斯的妻子，她1932年书了一本书，名为《我看到了希特勒！
book:书
“A little man has taken the measure of still smaller men,” observed Edgar Mowrer, who won the Pulitzer prize for the Chicago Daily News.
为《芝加哥每日新闻每日》赢得过普利策奖的埃德加·莫勒评论说，“一个小个子采取了更小人的手段。”
Daily:每日
On the whole, Americans in pre-war Berlin had the wit to sense what was coming, and thus helped prepare their countrymen for “the years of bloodshed and struggle ahead”.
基本上，战前柏林的美国人警觉到了即将发生什么，从而帮着他们的农民为“多年的流血抗争”提前做好准备。
countrymen:农民
An Israeli army spokesman told the BBC, the troops were ready to invade, but so far there has been no decision by the government.
以色列军方发言人告诉BBC，军队已做好入侵的准备，但目前为止政府尚未作出决定。
invade:入侵
According to the local governor, the Congolese army retreated because the insurgences were backed by Rwandan troops that something Kigali has denied.
据当地官员称，刚果部队之所以撤军，是因为暴动得到卢旺达军队的支持，而基加利对此表示否认。
insurgences:暴动
Known for his fiery rhetoric, Bal Thackeray gained national and international notoriety when he was blamed for inciting tensions between Hindu and Muslims communities during the 1993 Mumbai riots.
拜•萨克雷煽动激昂的言辞著称，他被指控在1993年孟买暴乱中煽动印度教和穆斯林社会之间的紧张局势，煽动此在国内外臭名昭著。
inciting:煽动
We are heading on with the plans of our operation until we'll reach the goal of defending Israel.
我们将实施操作，知道实现捍卫以色列的目标。
operation:操作
At least six people have been killed and dozens injured in the Kenyan capital Nairobi by an explosion on a crowded minibus.
肯尼亚首都内罗毕一辆拥挤的小小型巴士发生爆炸，至少6人死亡，十几人受伤。
minibus:小型巴士
The roof insides the vehicle were ripped off by the force of the blast. Police said the grenade was thrown into the bus in the Eastleigh suburb which has a large Somali population.
车顶内部被炸裂，警方称这枚榴弹被扔在有大量索马里人居住的伊斯特利郊区。
grenade:榴弹
So far this year, its sales there have increased by 80%, and it now sells more cars in China than in either the UK or North America.
到目前为止，该公司在中国的出售已增加了80%，在中国的出售超过了英国及北美。
sells:出售
When production begins in 2015, it will be the first time that the company will have made the vehicles outside the UK, although it does have a factory in India which assembles cars from kits put together in this country.
新的工厂将于2015年投产，这将是捷豹路虎首次在英国之外制造汽车，当然该公司在印度也有工厂，不过只是在印度集装外面。
outside:外面
A spokesman for the company said any cars produce by the new venture would be an addition to existing output and had no intention of moving its manufacturing base out of Britain.
公司发言人称新工厂制造的任何汽车都只是现有输出的补充，无意将制造总部设在英国之外。
output:输出
Laennec named his invention the stethoscope, from the Greek words for “chest” and “to view,” because it opened a new window into what was happening in the heart and lungs.
莱纳克将这一发明命名为听诊器，这一名称取自希腊语中的“胸部”及“观察”两个词，因为这一发明为心肺诊断它开辟了一种新的方法。
it:它
He said until now, Tokelau has been one hundred percent dependent on diesel for producing electricity.
他说，在此之前托克劳一直完全依赖柴油发电，这生产该国背负了沉重的经济和环境成本。
producing:生产
One project coordinator said Tokelau would now be able to spend more on social programs to help its citizens.
一位项目协调员表示，托克劳现在将能够在社会事业上投入更多资金以帮助其公民。
citizens:公民
Aid workers are asking that question as this year's emergency eases.
当今年的紧急情况缓解时，援助人员就一直在思考这个问题。
emergency:紧急情况
For example, he says there is a practice in many communities across the Sahel to give water to babies under six months of age because of the heat.
例如，他说萨赫勒地区很多国家因为酷热有给6个月以下婴儿喝水的习俗。
babies:婴儿
David Gressly says aid agencies in Chad have been building dams to store water during the rainy season.
格雷斯利表示，乍得的援助机构一直在建筑大坝以便雨季期间储水。
building:建筑
David Gressly says aid agencies in Chad have been building dams to store water during the rainy season.
格雷斯利表示，乍得的援助机构一直在修建大坝以便雨季季节储水。
season:季节
Ivan Marquez said all fighters had been ordered to stop all offensive military operation and acts of sabotage from midnight on Monday.
马奎斯称已命令全部战士从周一半夜起，停止一切进攻性武装进攻性和破坏进攻性。
offensive:进攻性
And ancient rock carvings created by native Americans have been hacked away by thieves using power saws.
美国土著人创造的岩画面被小偷用电锯黑客下偷走。
hacked:黑客
Conference president, Sheikh Abdullah Bin Hama Al-Attiyah, reminded delegates in the cavernous Doha National Convention Center that the agenda for the two-week meeting is ambitious and challenging.
公约主席谢赫·阿卜杜拉·本·哈玛·阿提亚提醒在多哈国家公约中心的代表们,为期两周的公约议程既充满了雄心壮志又充满了挑战。
Convention:公约
Conference president, Sheikh Abdullah Bin Hama Al-Attiyah, reminded delegates in the cavernous Doha National Convention Center that the agenda for the two-week meeting is ambitious and challenging.
会议主席谢赫·阿卜杜拉·本·哈玛·阿提亚提醒在多哈中心会议中心的代表们,为期两周的会议议程既充满了雄心壮志又充满了挑战。
Center:中心
The protocol identified increased atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases, such as industrial CO2 emissions, as a major factor in climate change, and it set emission- reduction goals for industrialized countries.
该协议已确定的大气中温室气体增加的含量,如工业二氧化碳排放,这是气候变化的一个主要因素并且这份协议为工业化国家制订了减排目标。
identified:已确定的
The protocol identified increased atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases, such as industrial CO2 emissions, as a major factor in climate change, and it set emission- reduction goals for industrialized countries.
该协议确定大气中温室气体增加的目标,如工业二氧化碳排放,这是气候变化的一个主要因素并且这份协议为工业化国家制订了减排目标。
goals:目标
Filmed during the recent cross-border violence between Israel and Gaza, this video shows a missile fired from Israel intercepting a rocket launched in Gaza.
这部视频是在最近以色列和加沙跨境冲突时拍摄的，显示以色列发射的导弹拦截加沙发射的导弹。
missile:导弹
The missile was projected by Israel’s Iron Dome that autonomously senses threats and sends a warning to an operator who then gives the commands to fire.
该导弹是由以色列的铁穹系统投射的，该系统能自动感知威胁信号，并将警告传给操作人员，由操作人员给出发射信号进行发射。
threats:威胁
The U.S relies heavily on its growing arsenal of unmanned aerial vehicles or drones.
美国在很大程度上依靠着不断发展的无人驾驶飞行器，也被叫做无人驾驶飞机无人飞机。
drones:无人驾驶飞机
They provide surveillance, identify targets, and can deliver lethal forces but only if an operator gives the goal ahead.
这些飞机提供监视、目标识别服务，还能够运输致命武器，但是必须要有专人提供具体的目标任务。
provide:提供
WHETHER James Murdoch can ever succeed his father, Rupert, at the helm of News Corporation after resigning on February 29th as head of its scandal-ridden newspaper arm, News International, is not clear.
2月29日，詹姆斯辞去了深陷丑闻的新闻国际公司首席运营官一职，他是否能继承他的父亲，鲁伯特.默多克成为新闻集团，即新闻国际公司的父亲的掌舵人，目前还尚不清楚。
father:父亲
WHETHER James Murdoch can ever succeed his father, Rupert, at the helm of News Corporation after resigning on February 29th as head of its scandal-ridden newspaper arm, News International, is not clear.
2月29日，詹姆斯辞职了深陷丑闻的新闻国际公司首席运营官一职，他是否能继承他的父亲，鲁伯特.默多克成为新闻集团，即新闻国际公司的母公司的掌舵人，目前还尚不清楚。
resigning:辞职
The firm, of course, is depicting the change as almost trivial: he will still be deputy chief operating officer of News Corp and overseer of its international businesses, and it was first announced nearly a year ago that he would move to New York.
新闻集团称这次只是一个小小的人事变动：他将仍然是新闻集团的副首席运营官以及其国际坚固的监督人。况且，早在近一年以前，已经有消息称他要搬到纽约。
firm:坚固
When Rupert Murdoch appeared in London in February to launch the Sun on Sunday, it was without James but with his elder son, Lachlan, prompting speculation that the latter, formerly out of favour, is back in the running to take over.
尽管如此，詹姆斯.默多克出现记得最多的将是，他关闭了英国最大的周日报，并且宣称他本人并不知道该报有多腐败，虽然下属曾经提醒过他。
appeared:出现
In 2010, the last year News Corp reported earnings separately for the papers (plus some online-information services), they brought in less than a fifth of the company's revenue and only an eighth of its profits.
2010年，也就是新闻集团单独公布报纸盈利(包括一些网络服务的盈利)的最后一年，所公布的利润还不足新闻集团盈利的五分之一，其利润也仅仅占了八分之一。
profits:利润
THE world's busiest train route, and one of the busiest air routes, is between Tokyo and Osaka, Japan's two biggest metropolitan areas.
世界上最繁忙的铁路线和最繁忙的路线之一连接着日本最大的两个大都市区——东京和大阪。
route:路线
THE world's busiest train route, and one of the busiest air routes, is between Tokyo and Osaka, Japan's two biggest metropolitan areas.
世界上最繁忙的铁路线和最繁忙的路线之一连接着日本最大的两个大都市区——东京和大阪。
routes:路线
Peach, which started flying in March, and Air Asia Japan, which starts in August, are part-owned by ANA, one of Japan's two main carriers.
分别于3月份和8月份营业的Peach和飞行 Asia Japan的股东中均有ANA（日本最大的两家运输公司之一）的影子。
flying:飞行
Third, it will be hard to convince finicky Japanese passengers that low fares make up for the lack of comfort and convenience they are used to.
第三，推行低廉票价难免降低早已被日本民众所习惯的乘坐方便和便利程度，然而说服这些挑剔的乘客接受这一点却并不容易。
convenience:方便
Peach and Air Asia Japan have their sights not only on domestic flights but also on the route between Tokyo and Seoul, the nearest foreign capital.
Peach和Air Asia Japan的业务不仅涉及日本国内航空，还包括一条东京到首尔（离东京最近的外国首都）的路线。
route:路线
Ichthyosaurs, indeed, looked somewhat like dolphins, though plesiosaurs—with their long necks and diamond-shaped paddles—were unlike anything now alive.
鱼龙看上去的确有点象海豚，但拥有长颈和菱形鳍如前肢的蛇颈龙却与现存的任何动物不相类似。
like:如
Ichthyosaurs also resembled cetaceans in another way: unlike most living reptiles, which lay eggs, they gave birth to live young.
鱼龙与鲸年轻还有另一点相似之处：大多数现存的爬行动物靠产卵繁殖，而鱼龙是通过怀胎产子的。
young:年轻
What is more, all the baby bones come from a single individual, estimated to have been 1.5 metres long.
此外，所有幼蛇颈龙的骨骼皆来自于单一的有，身长估计有1.5米。
have:有
Had it survived to birth it would have been about 1.8 metres in length, and about one and a half times as heavy (relative to parental weight) as the offspring of other viviparous species of the time.
如真能够成功分娩，幼蛇颈龙的身长可能为1.8米左右，体重大约是同时间其它胎生物种后代的1.5倍（相对于父母的重量）。
times:时间
Having one child at a time is the ultimate expression of quality.
每次只生育一胎是追求最后的的最终体现。
ultimate:最后的
But it is far-fetched to describe it as a holocaust, as Paul Preston does in his latest book.
但是在保罗·普雷斯顿( Paul Preston)最新书中将其描述成大屠杀有些过于牵强。
book:书
Thankfully he exercises better judgment within the covers of this meticulous and well-argued book.
他之前的判断（说反犹主义）有误，更好这本书的内容还算合情合理。
better:更好
Victims in the Republican zone were documented by the state investigation set up in 1940.
共和党区的受害者信息有文件的于1940年建立的国家调查组的文献中。
documented:有文件的
He was ultimately absolved of this charge, but in another case last month the conservative judiciary barred Mr Garzón from the bench for 11 years, thus ending his career.
他最后还是在这次控告中得到了赦免，但是上个月的另一个案子中，保守的司法禁止法官加尔松11年内不得再入法官席，因此就这样最后了他的职业生涯。
last:最后
He was ultimately absolved of this charge, but in another case last month the conservative judiciary barred Mr Garzón from the bench for 11 years, thus ending his career.
他最后还是在这次控告中得到了赦免，但是上个月的另一个案子中，保守的司法禁止法官加尔松11年内不得再入法官凳子，因此就这样结束了他的职业生涯。
bench:凳子
Despite the growing clamour of voices saying a ceasefire is imminent. The noise in Gaza today continues to be that of war.
尽管即将停火的流言四起，但今天加沙传来的噪音表明战争仍在继续。
noise:噪音
When I came out and felt the rain, I thought showers of blessing, but actually no, tears from God, tears at the decision we've just made.
我来了出来时感到下雨了，我想到了恩雨大降，但事实上不是如此，上帝对我们的决定流下了眼泪。
came:来了
United Nations says there has been a dramatic fall in the rates of HIV infections in many countries while more people are receiving treatment than ever before.
联合国称许多国家艾滋病感染者的比率大幅下降，与以前相比，更多人可以接收治疗。
receiving:接收
Police said the 35-year-old was found of taken(taking) data files containing Greek tax numbers, vehicle license, plate numbers and home addresses.
警方称发现这名45岁的男子获得了包含希腊税号、机动车牌号和家庭住址的资料文件。
containing:包含
It is a treacherous cowardly aggression against our people in Gaza that an initiated they did, a response and reaction for that, and eight days later, the God has forced the [homes] of [desire less] to [saw/sew] pity of our people in Gaza and they has submitted it to the conditions of the resistance and affections.
这是对我们加沙人民卑鄙懦弱的侵略，对方先动手，我方才开始反应和应对，8天过后，上帝迫使...，对方最终在我方抵抗和影响下屈服。
initiated:开始
The European space agency has secured $12bn budget over three years to fund projects seen as vital to maintain its competitiveness and space technology and exploration.
欧洲太空局经过三年终获得120 亿美元的三年预算，来为其项目提供资金，这被视对该机构维持其竞争力、空间它的和探索方面具有重大意义。
its:它的
The agency will build the module that come to propel the American's Orion astronaut capsule. It will have its first flight around the moon in 2017.
该机构将建造用于推动美国“猎户座”太空意志航天意志，将于2017年首次实现环月飞行。
will:意志
The agency will build the module that come to propel the American's Orion astronaut capsule. It will have its first flight around the moon in 2017.
该机构将建造用于推动美国“猎户座”太空意志航天意志，将于2017年首次实现环月飞行。
will:意志
In Indonesia, a moratorium on new forest development appears to have little effect as farmers and large companies continue cutting down trees for timber, then burning off the land to create palm oil plantations.
在印尼，一项有关新森林发展的禁令没有见效，因为农场主和大公司继续砍伐树木来获得木材，然后一把火烧了种植园棕榈油种植园。
plantations:种植园
It’s going to take a lot of financial and intellectual investment," said Boltz. Democrats and republicans insist bi-partisanship is not dead as potentially devastating austerity measures loom.
”民主党和共和党人表示，虽然潜在的毁灭性投资紧缩政策即将来临，但是美国的两党制政体仍将解决这一问题。
investment:投资
“We don’t understand why raising tax rates is the solution if you want to see people get back to work.”
“我们不能理解的是，如果我们想看到更多的工作机会，那么利率怎么能解决问题呢？
rates:利率
And many democrats reject republican calls to extract savings from programs that provide income and health care for retirees.
”共和党人呼吁将用于提供退休人员提供收入和医疗保健的项目缩减费用，而许多民主党人不同意。
provide:提供
Less than sixty percent of students now entering four-year American colleges are likely to graduate.
现在，就读美国四年制大学的毕业仅有不到60%可能毕业。
graduate:毕业
There were times when I was lonely and felt like I didn't fit in."
我也经历了孤单，绝望的时间，我曾经以为我无法生存下去。”
times:时间
On Sunday, on the CBS program "Face the Nation," Education Secretary Arne Duncan said thirty percent of students do not graduate from high school.
周日，CBS的“Face the Nation”节目中，美国教育部长邓肯( Arne Duncan)称，大约30%的毕业未从高中毕业。
graduate:毕业
It suggested that students "Write letters to themselves about what they can do to help the president."
该帮助建议学生“给自己写封信，看一下自己可以怎样帮助总统”。
help:帮助
ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER: "Starting this fall with high school math and science, we will be the first state in the nation -- the first state in the nation -- to provide schools with a state-approved list of digital textbooks."
阿诺德-施瓦辛格：“从今年秋天高中的数学和数学开始，我们将成为全国第一个为学校提供州政府通过的数字化教材列表的州。”
math:数学
ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER: "Starting this fall with high school math and science, we will be the first state in the nation -- the first state in the nation -- to provide schools with a state-approved list of digital textbooks."
阿诺德-施瓦辛格：“从今年秋天高中的数学和科学开始，我们将成为全国第一个为学校提供州政府已批准的数字化教材列表的州。”
approved:已批准
He listed reasons why he thinks digital textbooks make sense.
他列举了数字化教材行得通的为什么?。
why:为什么?
Earlier this year, California invited content developers to offer digital math and science materials for high schools.
今年年初，加利福尼亚邀请内容设定专家为高中的数学和数学电子教材提供材料。
math:数学
Specially trained teachers examined sixteen textbooks and approved ten of them.
经过特殊训练的教师对16本训练进行了审核，最终通过了10本。
trained:训练
Specially trained teachers examined sixteen textbooks and approved ten of them.
经过特殊训练的教师对16本教材进行了审核，最终已批准了10本。
approved:已批准
Co-founder Neeru Khosla says the nonprofit group had been developing digital science and math books for about two years.
该基金组织联合创办人Neeru Khosla称，该非营利性机构大约两年来一直致力于开发数学和数学电子教材。
math:数学
According to evolutionary anthropologists, babies of the earliest humans had a fifty-fifty chance of coming out facing backwards.
D:根据人类进化学家，人类早期时候的婴儿生出来是有二分之一的机会是面向后面的。
chance:机会
D: Well,you know,Yeal.Some of the earliest humans learned to compensate for the difficulty of giving birth by receiving assistance during childbirth, which made a huge difference in terms of survival.
D:你知道吗？最早时期的人类学会弥补出生的困难，他们通过在出生是接受援助，这在生存方面起了非常重要的作用。
childbirth:出生
D: Some anthropologists certainly think so and conjecture that human females who gave birth to backwards-facing babies, and females who had assistance because they felt particularly anxious about the birth, ended up doing better than females who didn’t.
D:一些人类学家当然也这么想过，并且他们推测那些女性生下面向后面的婴儿，和在生育时得到帮助的女性比没有援助的生育女性生产更更好。
better:更好
If you’re planning a trip to Greece in the future, you’ll want to schedule a visit to the temple of Apollo at Delphi.
如果有一天，你打算去希腊旅游，你可能参观将特尔斐的阿波罗神庙列入行程单。
visit:参观
Around 1900, excavations at Delphi revealed no chasm or escaping gases, and so the ancient accounts were discredited.
直到公元1900年，科学家挖掘遗址，并未发现所谓的深坑，也没有飘散的气体，证实前人的帐户并非属实。
accounts:帐户
Tests have shown that when administered in proper dosage, ethylene can result in a trance state. Those affected are conscious, able to sit upright, can answer questions, and afterwards experience amnesia.
测试显示，适当剂量的乙烯使人精神恍惚，但是神志清醒，可以笔直地坐着，可以回答问题，但是可能很健忘。
Tests:测试
But once again, science gives at least partial credence to something that was once considered only a myth.
至少，曾经我们对曾认为是神话的最小有所了解了。
least:最小
But once again, science gives at least partial credence to something that was once considered only a myth.
至少，曾经我们对曾考虑是神话的事情有所了解了。
considered:考虑
Over that period investment banks have evolved from staid partnerships into huge, publicly traded conglomerates before stumbling, and in some cases collapsing, last year.
在这年份，在去年投行业受挫，甚至彻底崩溃之前，他们从一种稳健的伙伴发展成为巨大的，公开交易的混业经营体。
year:年份
Mr Milken’s belief that a small bank with great ideas could shake the establishment made an impression on the young Mr Moelis, despite Drexel’s subsequent collapse.
尽管德雷克塞尔后来倒闭了，但是米尔肯认为有着好印象的小银行能够撼动大机构的观点，给年轻的莫里斯留下了深刻的印象。
impression:印象
A day after opening Moelis & Company he won the job of advising Hilton Hotels on a $26 billion takeover bid from Blackstone Group—one of the biggest deals of the buy-out boom.
在开业后的第一天，莫里斯赢得了希尔顿酒店从黑石集团260 亿美元的收购要约——买热潮中最大的一笔交易。
buy:买
At the time, rather than wait for M&A deals to return, he decided to build expertise in loan restructuring, to win business advising the many firms that were struggling with their debts.
当时，与其干等着并购收购交易回暖，莫里斯决定在贷款重组领域建立专家团队，通过为众多受困于贷款的公司咨询来赢得生意。
loan:贷款
At the time, rather than wait for M&A deals to return, he decided to build expertise in loan restructuring, to win business advising the many firms that were struggling with their debts.
当时，与其干等着并购收购交易回暖，莫里斯决定在债务重组领域建立专家团队，通过为众多受困于债务的公司咨询来赢得企业。
firms:企业
Mr Moelis knows he will have to remain nimble while expanding his firm’s offerings.
莫里斯深知在扩张坚固的同时一定要保持机敏。
firm:坚固
This week Moelis & Company announced the opening of an Australian office that will focus on Asian deals.
这周莫里斯公司宣布在澳大利亚开设一家集中注意力于亚洲业务的分支机构。
focus:集中注意力
Just as the crisis provided an opportunity, the recovery is posing a threat as big banks recapitalize and prepare to wrest business back from the boutiques.
正如危机提供了机会，复苏也提供小投行带来威胁，那些大投行们重组资产后准备从小投行那里抢回生意。
provided:提供
Worse, talented bankers from fallen giants such as Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns are now setting up their own boutiques, further stiffening the competition.
更更糟的是的是，那些倒下的投行如雷曼兄弟和贝尔斯登里银行家们现在也在创办自己的小型投行，这更加剧了竞争。
Worse:更糟的是
He’s issued a decree preventing the courts from dissolving the constitutional assembly, something they have already done on one previous occasion.
他发布一项法令，阻止法院撤销立宪法院，这种情况以前出现过。
courts:法院
The ICC arrest warrant describes Simone Gbagbo as her husband’s alter ego, exercising power and taking state decisions.
国际刑事法庭的逮捕称西蒙•巴博是其丈夫的知己，她行使权并为国家做出决定。
arrest:逮捕
A former owner of an ice cream parlor in Vienna has been found guilty of killing two men, chopping up their bodies and burying them in the concrete floor of her shop.
维也纳一家冰淇淋前店主承认杀死两名男子，剪切尸体，然后埋藏在店内水泥地板下。
chopping:剪切
The Egyptian President Mohammed Mursi has delivered a defiant speech to supporters outside his palace in Cairo, pledging to protect the country's revolution and lead Egypt to freedom and democracy.
埃及总统穆罕默德•穆尔西在开罗官邸向支持者发表挑衅性讲话，承诺捍卫埃及革命，领导埃及走向自由和民主。
pledging:承诺
Mr Koroma won on his record of building roads across the country, attracting foreign investment and improving, albeit, only slightly the main electricity supply.
Korom再度当选要归功于其在全国建筑道路、吸引外资和略微改善重要电力供应的政绩。
building:建筑
Speaking in Geneva, the spokesman for the UN refugee agency Adrian Edward said thousands of displaced people were receiving no help because of the violence.
联合国援助机构发言人埃德伍德在日内瓦说，成千上万流离失所的人民因为暴力无法接收援助。
receiving:接收
But sanctions against Burmese jade and rubies, considered the world's finest, are still in place.
”但对缅甸翡翠、红宝石的制裁仍未取消，这两样产品被考虑是全世界的极品。
considered:考虑
Gem mine owner and dealer Aung Kyaw Zin claims labor abuses are a thing of the past and argues U.S. restrictions fail to curb the trade in jade while unfairly hurting family-owned businesses like his.
玉石矿主兼交易商Aung Kyaw Zin称劳工虐待已是历史，称美国的限制未能控制翡翠贸易，这样就不公平地伤害了像自己这样的家庭生意。
dealer:交易商
The profit from gems, like ruby and sapphire, selling are less than 5 percent [of the precious stone total]. Therefore, sanctions only affect gem & colored stone dealers.
不到5%的利润来自像红宝石和蓝宝石这样的玉石，因此，制裁只能影响到玉石和彩玉交易商。”
dealers:交易商
The person who gets the drug, sells the drug and uses the drug are the boys of the footpath.
手中握有毒品,出售毒品及使用毒品的人是小路上的男孩子们。
sells:出售
"These are available like peanuts; you are sitting in your office, you are sitting in your bedroom, you are sitting in your living room, you can call a person and he will drop the drug at your doorstep," said Azam.
“这些就像花生一般，无论你是在办公室,卧室还是卧室,你都可以给一个人打电话,他会在你家门口放下毒品。”阿萨姆说道。
bedroom:卧室
Ultimately, the extent of Pakistan's drug problem will be determined by what happens next door in Afghanistan.
布法特说道。最终,巴基斯坦的毒品问题范围将取决于邻近的阿富汗下一步会发生什么。
extent:范围
A few hours down the road, across the border, Syrian Kurds seized control of their region from Syrian government forces earlier this year.
今年早些时候，几个小时路程的边境之外的叙利亚库尔德人从叙利亚政府军手中夺取了他们区域地区的控制权。
region:区域
He called it a terrorist demand of the Kurdish rebel group PKK.
他称这是库尔德反叛组织库尔德工人党（PKK）的恐怖主义需求。
demand:需求
The latest offenses that Diyarbakir's mayor is accused of include publishing children's books in Kurdish.
迪亚巴克尔市的市长最近被指控的罪行包括书库尔德语儿童读物。
books:书
The 46-year-old artist has never had a solo retrospective in a modern-art museum.
这位46岁的艺术家从来没在一家现代艺术博物馆举办老个人回顾展。
old:老
The 46-year-old artist has never had a solo retrospective in a modern-art museum.
这位46岁的艺术家从来没在一家现代艺术博物馆举办过现代回顾展。
modern:现代
Many prefer a more beautiful work with a similar theme that he made a few months later, titled “In and Out of Love”.
许多人更偏好几个月后他制作的类似主题更出色的作品，题目为《爱生爱灭》。
prefer:偏好
This installation consists of two rooms, one in which live butterflies hatch from pupae embedded in white paintings, and another in which dead butterflies are pressed onto the surfaces of brightly coloured canvasses.
这件组装品包括两个空间，一个放着由嵌在白色油漆中的蛹羽化而成的活蝴蝶，另一个放着包括压在鲜艳画布表面上的死蝴蝶。
consists:包括
This installation consists of two rooms, one in which live butterflies hatch from pupae embedded in white paintings, and another in which dead butterflies are pressed onto the surfaces of brightly coloured canvasses.
这件组装品包括两个空间，一个放着由嵌在白色油漆中的蛹羽化而成的活蝴蝶，另一个放着活压在鲜艳画布表面上的死蝴蝶。
live:活
The skull will be dramatically spot-lit in a dark room, much like jewellery at an auction preview.
这副头骨会在黑暗的展室里放出引人注目的斑点光芒，更象是拍卖预展上的珠宝。
spot:斑点
He has lent two pieces to the Tate, including an important precursor to the shark, “Isolated Elements Swimming in the Same Direction for the Purpose of Understanding (right)”.
他借出了两件作品给泰特美术馆，包括鲨鱼的一件重要前驱作品《以（正确）理解为目的同向游泳的隔离他》。
He:他
Last year total auction turnover in Hirst works was a mere $29.6m, placing him well behind artists such as Gerhard Richter, whose work earned almost $200m in auction sales, and Zeng Fanzhi, a Chinese painter who is probably the richest artist in the world.
去年赫斯特作品拍卖的成交总额只有两千九百六十万，远远落后于格哈德·里希特和曾梵志等画家，里希特的作品在拍卖会上赚了近两亿美元，而中国画家曾梵志可能是世届上最富有的画家。
painter:画家
One thing that does ground old aircraft is the impending failure of their aluminium structure from metal fatigue.
让老旧飞机搁浅的一件事就是飞机铝构造因为铝疲劳产生的故障隐患。
aluminium:铝
This begins in parts that are subjected to repeated strains, such as where the wings join the fuselage.
这种故障始于承受反复拉紧的部位，象机翼与机身的加入。
join:加入
Aircraft engineers know a lot about how these cracks progress and keep an eye on them in routine overhauls.
飞机工程师们对这些裂纹如何进展以及在例行检修中如何注意这些裂纹所知甚详。
progress:进展
A number of animals, including honeybees and butterflies, use sunlight’s polarization in their navigations, but the dung beetle is the first animal ever discovered to use moonlight’s polarization to guide its travels.
很多的动物都根据阳光的自然偏振作用来为自己寻找导航，这些动物甚至包括蜂鸟和蝴蝶。然而，大千世界无奇不有，科学家们发现屎壳郎很不一样——它们依靠月光的偏振来完成它们的“旅行”。
navigations:导航
It’s been known for some time that the eyes of some insects are sensitive to polarized sunlight, but what is remarkable about the dung beetle is that moonlight is one millionth the strength of sunlight and requires a good deal more of a pair of eyes.
人们很早就发现了一点：动物的眼睛很是敏感，它们能够感受到阳光的偏振。这就不足为奇了，屎壳郎最值得让我们去注意的是——月阳光的强度仅仅是阳阳光强度的百万分之一，必须要多很多对眼睛才能够感受得到。
sunlight:阳光
It’s been known for some time that the eyes of some insects are sensitive to polarized sunlight, but what is remarkable about the dung beetle is that moonlight is one millionth the strength of sunlight and requires a good deal more of a pair of eyes.
人们很早就发现了一点：动物的眼睛很是敏感，它们能够感受到月光的偏振。这就不足为奇了，屎壳郎最值得让我们去注意的是——月月光的强度仅仅是阳月光强度的百万分之一，必须要多很多对眼睛才能够感受得到。
moonlight:月光
It’s been known for some time that the eyes of some insects are sensitive to polarized sunlight, but what is remarkable about the dung beetle is that moonlight is one millionth the strength of sunlight and requires a good deal more of a pair of eyes.
人们很早就发现了一点：动物的眼睛很是敏感，它们能够感受到阳光的偏振。这就不足为奇了，屎壳郎最值得让我们去注意的是——月阳光的强度仅仅是阳阳光强度的百万分之一，必须要多很多对眼睛才能够感受得到。
sunlight:阳光
To be sure the beetles were indeed using the moon’s polarization and not the moon itself, the researchers used a filter that changed the pattern of the polarized moonlight by 90 degrees. The beetles responded by changing their course by 90 degrees.
为了确定屎壳郎是凭借着月光的偏振作用而不是月光来看路，研究者们使用了一个滤光器，这个滤光器将月光的偏振极化了90度，这个时候他们发现，屎壳郎的路线也随之极化了90度。
polarized:极化
Immediately after molting, the hydrostatic pressure inside crabs jumps significantly higher, allowing the crabs to use this pressure to move their muscles.
青蟹刚刚褪壳的时候，体内的铃静压力陡然飚到很高，这使得青蟹可以利用压力来使肌肉使用。
use:使用
Finally, in the 1950s, the Australians resorted to chemical warfare, injecting several rabbits with myxoma, an experimental virus known to target and kill rabbits.
到后来的20世纪50年代，澳大利亚人终将化学药物投入了人兔大战中，人们将粘液瘤注入兔子体内，粘液瘤是一种避难来杀兔子的实验避难病毒。
resorted:避难
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says wider public acceptance of HIV testing could lead to earlier treatment of cases, and further slow the spread of AIDS.
美国预防服务工作组表示，公众更广泛地接受艾滋病毒检测能够引导患者进行早期治疗，进一步慢艾滋病的传播。
slow:慢
"People are less likely to progress to disease and also, as importantly, is people are less likely to transmit to others.
“（如果早期发现和治疗艾滋病毒）人们更不容易进展成艾滋病，同样重要的是，人们也更不容易传播给他人。
progress:进展
The latest United Nations AIDS report says twenty-five low- to middle-income countries have cut their rate of new infections in half since two thousand one.
最新的联合国艾滋病报告表示，自2001年以来，25%的中低收入中间已经将其新感染率削减了一半。
middle:中间
These urge local officials to balance to risk of flu in their communities with the problems that school dismissals could cause.
这迫使当地政府必须在猪流感在社区引起的风险和学校免职将引起的问题之间取得平衡。
risk:风险
Courts and prosecutors had to suspend their work in protest. Egypt’s ousted attorney general, Abdel Maguid Mahmoud, appeared at a packed meeting of judges and lawyers, his first public appearance since President Mursi's decree.
法庭和检察官必须罢工抗议，埃及被废除的司法部长阿卜杜勒出席了法官和检察官会议，这是他自总统穆尔西颁布法令以来首次露面。
prosecutors:检察官
Courts and prosecutors had to suspend their work in protest. Egypt’s ousted attorney general, Abdel Maguid Mahmoud, appeared at a packed meeting of judges and lawyers, his first public appearance since President Mursi's decree.
法庭和检察官必须罢工抗议，埃及出现废除的司法部长阿卜杜勒出席了法官和律师会议，这是他自总统穆尔西颁布法令以来首次露面。
appeared:出现
The foster parents with almost seven years’ experience say a social worker came to tell them the children were being removed because the couple were members of the UK Independence Party.
这对有着7年抚养经验的养父母称，有社会工作者告诉他们，因为他们是英国独立党的成员，因此要将孩子接来了。
came:来了
You’re listening to the latest world news from the BBC.
您正在收听的是BBC最新世界最新。
latest:最新
The editor of an Irish newspaper has resigned following its publication of photographs showing Prince William’s wife Catherine sunbathing topless. Mike O'Kane was suspended from his post at the Irish Daily Star in September.
爱尔兰一家报纸的编辑因该报刊登威廉王子妻子凯特做日光浴时半裸图片而辞职，9月份被停其在《爱尔兰每日星报》的邮寄。
post:邮寄
The editor of an Irish newspaper has resigned following its publication of photographs showing Prince William’s wife Catherine sunbathing topless. Mike O'Kane was suspended from his post at the Irish Daily Star in September.
爱尔兰一家每日的编辑因该报刊登威廉王子妻子凯特做日光浴时半裸图片而辞职，9月份被停其在《爱尔兰每日星报》的职务。
Daily:每日
But even though the fighting has ended, and the dead have been buried, insecurity is expected to remain a challenge.
尽管战斗已经结束,死者已经留下埋葬,不安全感将仍然是一个挑战。
remain:留下
Sipha, whose husband is in the army, says she has not heard from him since the troops fled the city.
苏菲亚的丈夫在军中军队,她表示自从军队逃离后没有听到过丈夫的消息。
army:军队
Grace Tang, who is with the medical aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres, or Doctors Without Borders. “We're able to provide basic medical care, but, on a longer term basis, this isn't sustainable, and we're very concerned about the situation for people."
无国界医生组织医疗援助人的格蕾丝·唐说道:“我们能提供基本医疗服务,但是,从长远角度来讲,这不是长久之计,我们非常关心目前人们的形势。”
people:人
Djalal is president of the Muslim Women's Association in Washington and rallied fellow ambassadors' spouses and diplomats.
她说道。德加莱是华盛顿穆斯林妇女协会的主席,她号召大使的配偶和大使们。
ambassadors:大使
Guests paid $50 to attend the lunchtime benefit at the Indonesian ambassador's residence.
客人们需要收益50美元出席印尼大使官邸的午餐筹款会。
benefit:收益
All proceeds went to the American Red Cross, where Raquel Mata works.
所有收益都捐给美国红十字会,而拉克尔·马塔就在那里工作。
proceeds:收益
In the nineteen forties, he began preparing students for the Scholastic Aptitude Test, now just called the SAT.
上世纪40年代，他开始指导学者准备学术能力倾向测验( scholastic aptitude test)，简称SAT。
Scholastic:学者
Then, after college, there are graduate admissions tests to prepare for.
大学毕业后，还要准备研究生入学。
admissions:入学
The research company Outsell puts the amount at two and a half billion.
研究公司Outsell公布的数字为25 亿美元。
research:研究
It might help some get into a top college, but only if they have above-average scores in the first place.
这些项目或许可以帮助一些学生进入一流大学，但是首先他们的地点必须超过平均分。
place:地点
It found no misuse of public money to support the speech.
调查发现，政府并未滥用任何公共资金来支持这次讲话。
misuse:滥用
Counselors at the One-Stop Career Center in Hackensack have found jobs for a few hundred young people this summer.
今年夏天，哈肯萨克市一站式職業中心的顾问已为几百名年轻人找到工作。
Career:職業
DESIRAE SOMERVILLE: "I'd probably be home now sleeping, or looking for another job."
Desirae Somerville ：“可能在家睡着，或者寻找另外一份工作。
sleeping:睡着
Six activities produced seventy percent of all injuries: running, basketball, football, volleyball, soccer and gymnastics.
6项活动造成的受伤在所有受伤事件中占据70%的百分比，分别是：跑步，篮球，足球，排球，橄榄球和体操。
percent:百分比
Six activities produced seventy percent of all injuries: running, basketball, football, volleyball, soccer and gymnastics.
6项活动造成的受伤在所有受伤事件中占据70%的比例，分别是：跑步，篮球，足球，排球，足球和体操。
soccer:足球
When a gun fired far away, he could see the flash of gunshot long before he heard the report.
远处发生被开枪时，他看到枪的火花的时间远早于才听到枪响的时间。
fired:被开枪
Votes are being counted in the Spanish region of Catalonia after an election that's called into question the unity of Spain.
西班牙加泰罗尼亚进行有关西班牙统一问题的公投，目前选举正在清点中。
election:选举
His critics say he is trying to exploit the economic crisis, but his supporters say the demand for independence in Catalonia can no longer be ignored.
他的批评者称他试图利用经济危机做文章，但其支持者称加泰罗尼亚需求独立的需求不能忽略。
demand:需求
Official said the system, known as David's Sling, shot down its first missile in a test last week. It will become part of a multi-tiered missile shield that includes the Iron Dome, which the Israeli Defence Ministry says shot down hundreds of rockets fired from Gaza during the recent conflict.
官方称这个名为“大卫投石索”的系统上周击落了第一枚导弹，这是包括“铁穹”反导弹系统在内的多层导弹防御系统的一部分，以色列国防部长称在最近的冲突中，这个系统击落了来自加沙的数百发导弹。
missile:导弹
Official said the system, known as David's Sling, shot down its first missile in a test last week. It will become part of a multi-tiered missile shield that includes the Iron Dome, which the Israeli Defence Ministry says shot down hundreds of rockets fired from Gaza during the recent conflict.
官方称这个名为“大卫投石索”的系统上周击落了第一枚导弹，这是包括“铁穹”反导弹系统在内的多层导弹防御系统的一部分，以色列国防部长称在最近的冲突中，这个系统击落了来自加沙的数百发导弹。
missile:导弹
Official said the system, known as David's Sling, shot down its first missile in a test last week. It will become part of a multi-tiered missile shield that includes the Iron Dome, which the Israeli Defence Ministry says shot down hundreds of rockets fired from Gaza during the recent conflict.
官方称这个名为“大卫投石索”的系统上周被开枪了第一枚导弹，这是包括“铁穹”反火箭弹系统在内的多层导弹防御系统的一部分，以色列国防部长称在最近的冲突中，这个系统被开枪了来自加沙的数百发火箭弹。
fired:被开枪
Motor racing in Sebastian Vettel drove his way from the back of the field to win the world Formula One championship in the final race of the season in Brazil.
赛巴斯蒂安•维泰尔赢得在巴西举行的本赛季的一级方程式世界锦标赛最后一场种族。
race:种族
Massa finishes third. But with sixth place, Sebastian Vettel is the 2012 F1 world champion. He is the youngest ever three times world champion and only the third driver in history who have taken three titles in a row.
阿朗索第二名，马萨第三，赛巴斯蒂安•维泰尔是2012年F1世界冠军，他是三次夺冠的最年轻冠军，是历史上接连三次赢得冠军的三位冠军之一。
champion:冠军
Massa finishes third. But with sixth place, Sebastian Vettel is the 2012 F1 world champion. He is the youngest ever three times world champion and only the third driver in history who have taken three titles in a row.
阿朗索第二名，马萨第三，赛巴斯蒂安•维泰尔是2012年F1世界冠军，他是三次夺冠的最年轻冠军，是历史上接连三次赢得冠军的三位冠军之一。
champion:冠军
They said 11 of the bodies have probably been buried two years ago, while the remaining eight appeared to have been tortured and killed only days ago.
他们称其中11具尸体可能是两年前剩余埋的，其他8具似乎是一年前剩余拷打后杀死。
remaining:剩余
They said 11 of the bodies have probably been buried two years ago, while the remaining eight appeared to have been tortured and killed only days ago.
他们称其中11具尸体可能是两年前出现埋的，其他8具似乎是一年前出现拷打后杀死。
appeared:出现
FILMS like "Captain America", "Tron Legacy" and "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" have shown that it is possible to use computer-generated imagery (CGI) to make actors look younger, older or wimpier than they actually are, in a surprisingly realistic manner.
巴顿奇事》表明计算机图像生成它能以惊人的逼真手法使演员看上去比实际更年轻、老态或懦弱。
it:它
The reason is that, whereas it is possible to simulate realistically the forces which make virtual skin and fabric hang, bend, flap and stretch, recreating the subtle ways they reflect light has so far proved extremely tricky.
原因在于尽管计算机能够真实地模拟使虚拟皮肤及面料产生悬挂、弯曲、飘动和拉伸的外力，但迄今为止想要找到方法反射光的精妙方法仍是极为困难的事情。
ways:方法
The reason is that, whereas it is possible to simulate realistically the forces which make virtual skin and fabric hang, bend, flap and stretch, recreating the subtle ways they reflect light has so far proved extremely tricky.
原因在于尽管计算机证明真实地模拟使虚拟皮肤及面料产生悬挂、弯曲、飘动和拉伸的外力，但迄今为止想要找到构建反射光的精妙方法仍是极为困难的事情。
proved:证明
That, allied to the laws of optics and some heavy-duty computer power, seems to do the trick.
结合光学定律和强大的计算机处理能力，这种方法似乎似乎达到理想效果。
seems:似乎
Employing doses of X-rays many times stronger than those used to study people, they obtained high-resolution information about small pieces of fabric.
使用比人体研究高数倍的X射线剂量，他们获得的了小块面料的高分辨率信息。
obtained:获得的
But because the internal structure of each bit of the garment matches that of a real piece of cloth, the way light will play on it can be calculated far more realistically than if it were just a computer model of what the interior of cloth is thought to look like.
但是因为这件服装每片面料的内部结构都与真实布料匹配，因此与仅是看上去象布料的计算机衣服模型相比，匹配在其上的表现效果能够更加逼真。
matches:匹配
Moreover, their renderings remain realistic even when viewed close up.
此外，他们的效果图即使留下放大观看依然很逼真。
remain:留下
But once the rendering technique has been speeded up (at the moment it is still a bit slow and clunky), the swish of a virtual cloak or the doffing of a computerised hat should look far more realistic than it does now.
但是一旦绘图它突飞猛进（目前它仍有些缓慢和粗陋），虚拟斗篷的抖动或电脑生成帽子的脱落动作会比现在看上去更为逼真。
it:它
But once the rendering technique has been speeded up (at the moment it is still a bit slow and clunky), the swish of a virtual cloak or the doffing of a computerised hat should look far more realistic than it does now.
但是一旦绘图它突飞猛进（目前它仍有些缓慢和粗陋），虚拟斗篷的抖动或电脑生成帽子的脱落动作会比现在看上去更为逼真。
it:它
In the meantime, according to Dr Marschner's colleague Kavita Bala, the technology might have an application in online retailing.
同时，马施纳博士的同事卡维塔?巴拉表示这项技术可能会在网上零售业得到技术。
technology:技术
At the moment, people buying clothes over the internet have only standard photographs to help them choose their purchases.
目前，人们在网上购买衣服仅能通过浏览标准图片帮助选购。
clothes:衣服
Firefighters in Southern Germany say 14 people have died in a blaze at a workshop for disabled people.
德国南部的消防员报告说，有14人死于一家残疾人工厂发生的火焰。
blaze:火焰
The Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina has told parliament that the garment factory fire on Saturday in which more than 100 people were killed was not an accident but preplanned.
孟加拉国总理谢赫•哈西娜告诉国会，周六造成100多人死亡的衣服火灾不是一起事故而是有预谋的。
garment:衣服
She said CCTV footage of a different factory taken on Sunday night showed a woman deliberately starting a fire.
她说CCTV对工厂不同位置录像的录像脚本上显示一名妇女在蓄意放火。
footage:录像
After all, it was that generation which's credited with liberating Albania from the Ottoman Empire, even the country's King Zog who ruled from the 1920s with well known for a neat little moustache.
毕竟，那是光荣帝國将阿尔巴尼亚从奥斯曼帝国解放出来的一代人，即使众所周知上世纪20年代的国王索格一世几乎没留任何胡须。
Empire:帝國
The Leica M3D one of the only four ever made belong to David Douglas Duncan, who made his name documenting conflicts such as the Korean war.
这款Leica M3D曾经制造的四款相机中的一款，属于英国摄影大家大卫•道格拉斯•邓肯，邓肯的赫赫大名来源于他对许多战争冲突进行了实况文件，如朝鲜战争。
documenting:文件
But he says that is expected to reach ten to fifteen percent by two thousand twelve.
但是他说，预期到2012年，百分比将占到10%至15%。
percent:百分比
He thinks growth will come when more digital books include video, activities, games and other ways to interact with the information.
他认为，如果更多的数字化教材包含视频，游戏，游戏和其他信息互动方式，电子教材将会发展起来。
games:游戏
That's a real asset for a secretary of state, because when she interacts with foreign leaders, foreign diplomats, they know it is likely there is very little daylight between her and the president.”
这是相互作用国务卿一笔真正的财产,因为当她与外国领导人们、外国外交官们接触时,他们知道她和总统之间可能很少有差距存在。”
interacts:相互作用
Mr. Obama took his campaign to a toy factory near Philadelphia on Friday, asking middle class workers and business leaders to press republican lawmakers to pass his tax plan:
周五，奥巴马将其活动安排在费城附近的玩具厂，要求中产阶级工人和商界议员对共和党议员施压，并通过他的税收计划：
lawmakers:议员
President Obama met with congressional leaders on the issue only once on November 16th. And the deal he recently proposed to congress did not include any concessions to republicans.
奥巴马总统只是在11月16日与国会领袖们关于此问题进行了一次会谈，而他最近提交给国会的提议问题并没有包括任何对共和党人的让步。
issue:问题
"You know it goes with either a fine or imprisonment or both.
“你知道这符合好的，监禁或并处。
fine:好的
"You know it goes with either a fine or imprisonment or both.
“你知道这符合监禁，监禁或并处。
imprisonment:监禁
The objective is incident-free election so people can exercise their franchise in an atmosphere devoid of intimidation ”
我们的目的是无事故的选举,以便人们可以在没有恐吓的氛围中尽情履行自己的选举权。”
objective:目的
“The EC," he said, "must ensure that they put in a fair system, the votes are counted, collated properly, the results are declared at the polling station.
“选举委员会,”他宣布,“必须确保他们是在一个公平的系统中,选票统计、整理得当,在投票站宣布结果。
declared:宣布
Election observers will include a coalition from Ghana, the regional bloc ECOWAS and the United Nations.
”选举观察员们将包括一个来自加纳,西非国家经济共同体区域集团及联合国的单元。
bloc:单元
The European Union says it will not be part of the monitoring process because Ghana is capable of organizing free, fair, transparent and credible elections without the involvement of the international community.
欧盟表示将不会监控其过程，因为加纳有能力在没有国际社会的参与情况下联盟自由、公平、透明、可信的选举。
Union:联盟
Is it possible that a little old beetle, an insect, can bear more weight than, say, an elephant?
这么丁点大的小蜜蜂可以负重超过大象吗？
beetle:蜜蜂
Of course not, but when it comes to proportional strength, the rhinoceros beetle is second to none.
当然不能，但是，如果是按体重和负重量的比例来算，犀牛蜜蜂可是当之无愧的冠军呢！
beetle:蜜蜂
Elephants, after all, can only carry around 25% of their own weight. The rhino beetle can carry a whopping 850 times its own weight on its back.
毕竟，就算是大象也只能载动自身体重的四分之一左右，而我们小小的犀牛蜜蜂却能载动超过体重八百五十倍的东西呢！
beetle:蜜蜂
First, these beetles are nearly an inch long and packed with powerful muscles.
首先，这种蜜蜂体短，只有一英寸长，但却浑身是强健的肌肉。
beetles:蜜蜂
Since they live in tropical jungles along the equator, rhino beetles have to be strong to forage through the jungle floor.
因为犀牛蜜蜂生活在赤道附近的热带丛林，因此，它不得不足够强壮才能在炽热的地表搜寻到食物。
beetles:蜜蜂
Named for the rhinoceros-like horn on its head, the rhino beetle uses its horn and proportional strength to move aside branches and other debris in search of food.
正因为犀牛蜜蜂的角酷似犀牛角，所以它才叫做犀牛蜜蜂，犀牛蜜蜂利用自己的角和力量来移开树枝和其它障碍物来搜寻食物。
beetle:蜜蜂
This includes excessivelicking, but also tail chasing, chewing with an empty mouth, and barking repetitively without any change in volume or intonation.
其中包括嗜舔、追踪、空口吮吸、同声调或同音量的重复犬吠。千万别忽视！
chasing:追踪
Instead she took a two-foot-long, fully erect, fully veined and muscled phallus, which she had made of latex and plaster.
而她却选了一个两英尺长，完全直立的，充满纹理和肌肉感的阳具，这是她自己用乳胶和石膏站起来的。
erect:站起来
A beautiful white marble piece called “Cumul I” (1969) which seemed to show a cluster of eyes, or yet more phalluses, emerging from sheets, was about huddling together, she said; or just a collection of clouds.
一件似乎“累积1号”（1969）的美丽白色大理石作品看上去像是展现一簇目光，或者更多的阳具，从一堆床单中涌出来，混杂在一起，她说；或者就是一团云彩。
seemed:似乎
A beautiful white marble piece called “Cumul I” (1969) which seemed to show a cluster of eyes, or yet more phalluses, emerging from sheets, was about huddling together, she said; or just a collection of clouds.
一件叫做“累积1号”（1969）的美丽白色大理石作品看上去像是展现杂交目光，或者更多的阳具，从一堆床单中涌出来，混杂在一起，她说；或者就是一团云彩。
huddling:杂交
Her father, handsome and philandering, was someone she longed to please; yet in 1974 an enormous tableau in plaster and latex, “The Destruction of the Father”, showed huge mammary forms round a table in a red-glowing cave on which the hated paterfamilias was torn up and devoured.
他的父亲，帅气而风流，是她试图取悦的对象；而在1974年名为“父亲的毁灭”的巨型橡胶和石膏人物场景作品，展示了一个泛着红色闪烁的山洞中，很多乳房形状围绕在一张桌子旁边，可恶的一家之主被撕成碎片并被生吞活剥。
glowing:闪烁
The twisting of the wet tapestries, lugged from the tannin-filled river, made Ms Bourgeois dream of twisting the neck of the plump English girl who had been her father's mistress. Her childhood task in the workshop was to draw cartoons of the missing feet of figures; her mother, with delicate scissors, would snip out the genitals from tapestries destined for the puritan American market.
拧那些从充满丹宁的河里捞出来的湿漉漉的织锦，让路易丝梦见了拧断父亲那个丰满的英国情妇的脖子；她小时候在车间里的任务是为雕塑缺掉的脚画草图；她的妈妈，用精致的剪刀，从那些准备销往美国清教徒市场的织锦上剪掉生殖器。
task:任务
The twisting of the wet tapestries, lugged from the tannin-filled river, made Ms Bourgeois dream of twisting the neck of the plump English girl who had been her father's mistress. Her childhood task in the workshop was to draw cartoons of the missing feet of figures; her mother, with delicate scissors, would snip out the genitals from tapestries destined for the puritan American market.
拧那些从充满丹宁的河里捞出来的湿漉漉的织锦，让路易丝梦见了拧断父亲那个丰满的英国情妇的脖子；她小时候在车间里的工房是为雕塑缺掉的脚画草图；她的妈妈，用精致的剪刀，从那些准备销往美国清教徒市场的织锦上剪掉生殖器。
workshop:工房
Faced with a solid block—even the lovely curve of white marble that went to make “The Sail” in 1988—she needed to hack it to pieces, then rebuild it as she wanted.
面对坚硬的摩尔——即便是用来完成1988年“航行”的美丽白色大理石曲线——她需要把它劈成碎片，然后重建成她想要的样子。
marble:摩尔
Through the day protesters have been streaming flooding into Tahrir Square. One of the first group was lawyers, some still in their official robes.
尽管今天抗议者蜂拥进入塔里尔广场，其中一个群体是律师团，有的人甚至还穿着律师。
lawyers:律师
Mr Chavez was re-elected for a third term in October, his last session of radiation treatment ended six months ago.
十月份查韦斯获得第三个任期，六个月前他最后了上一阶段的放疗。
last:最后
The allegation is that they promised in return to suppress news report about the group's alleged to links to a high-profile corruption scandal, involving the allocations of coal mining concessions.
两名记者被指控向金德尔集团要求1800万的报，指控称他们承诺帮助压制该公司颇受涉及的腐败丑闻，涉及煤矿授权的分配问题。
involving:涉及
The officials say they secretly filmed the meetings and have made the footage public.
官方称他们秘密拍摄的了会议现场，并已公布视频。
filmed:拍摄的
The people's daily published a 55-page photo spread of Kim Jong Un on its website after the American satirical magazine, The Onion, hailed him as every women's dream come true. It quoted The Onion that praising the North Korean leader as A heart-throb with an air of power that masked a cute, cuddly side.
人民日报在其官网上转载了美国讽刺性每日《洋葱》上55页有关金正恩图片，称赞他为女性梦寐以求的人，还引用该报的说法，称他英俊无比，圆圆的脸庞，散发出孩子般迷人的魅力，加上他强健的体格，是女性的梦中人。
daily:每日
"I have outlined a framework for how both parties can work together to avert the fiscal cliff without raising tax rates."
“我已经提出了一个框架，让两党在不提高利率的情况下共同努力避免财政悬崖。
rates:利率
In terms of my own personal tax rates, that never factors in."
我自己的个人所得税利率从来不是考虑因素。
rates:利率
If you visit the western mountain and plains state of Montana you will know why it is known as Big Sky Country.
如果你游览一下西部的高山和平原之州蒙大拿，你就参观明白它为什么被叫做“长空之乡”。
visit:参观
"The voting has been completed. Please lock the machines...(applause)."
表决完成后纽约联合国总部里很是热闹。
completed:完成
"We did not come here seeking to delegitimize a state established years ago, and that is Israel. Rather we came to affirm the legitimacy of a state that must now achieve its independence, and that is Palestine."
“我们来这里不是为了寻找剥夺多年前建立的一个国家的合法地位，这个国家指的是以色列；而是为了承认眼下必须获得独立的一个国家的合法地位，这个国家就是巴勒斯坦。
seeking:寻找
Y:Did you know that infants prefer their mothers’ voices to that of other females?
Y ：你知道吗？比起其他女性的声音，胎儿更偏好自己妈妈的声音。
prefer:偏好
Y: What is the experience in the womb seems to affect newborn preferences and behavior.
Y:这说明，胎儿在母体中的生活会影响新生儿的选择和行为。
newborn:新生儿
But just because we can protect ourselves from these rays doesn’t mean that they don’t still exist–they exist, and are targeting the most vulnerable marine mammal, the whale.
但只是因为我们有办法保护自己并不意味瞄准紫外线就不存在了，它们确实存在，并且正在伤害瞄准地球上最脆弱的海洋哺乳动物---鲸鱼。
targeting:瞄准
Could whales adapt to this increased UV radiation by perhaps, getting “suntans”?
鲸鱼是否辐射通过皮肤变黑来抵御日渐强烈的紫外线呢？
radiation:辐射
A new drugs manager may change the way Americans pop their pills
全新的药物经理可能改变美国人购买药品的方式
manager:经理
The two firms are America's second-biggest and biggest pharmacy-benefit managers.
两家公司合并后将成为美国第二大药品公司以及最大的药品福利经理。
managers:经理
Despite an intolerably dull title, pharmacy-benefit managers (PBMs) are important.
尽管头衔无聊的令人无法忍受，但是药品福利管理者（PBMs）十分重要。
title:头衔
Despite an intolerably dull title, pharmacy-benefit managers (PBMs) are important.
尽管标题无聊的令人无法忍受，但是药品福利经理（PBMs）十分重要。
managers:经理
With scale would come the power to negotiate fatter discounts on drugs, lowering costs for employers and insurers.
大规模将在药品折扣问题的商讨上占有更大的优势，并折扣雇佣者和保险公司的成本。
discounts:折扣
Worse, PBMs will demand that drugmakers give them exclusive deals for new, complex medicines.
更更糟的是的是，药品福利管理者要求药品制造上对于新药和合成药给与特别的折扣。
Worse:更糟的是
Worse, PBMs will demand that drugmakers give them exclusive deals for new, complex medicines.
更糟糕的是，药品福利管理者需求药品制造上对于新药和合成药给与特别的折扣。
demand:需求
Most intriguingly, the new Express Scripts could push Americans to buy the right medicines and take them at the right time.
最有趣的是新的快捷药方公司可以推动美国人在正确的时间买正确的药物。
buy:买
For years PBMs have tested ways to urge consumers to buy cheaper, effective drugs. For example, if a patient wants a branded pill rather than a generic, he must pay for more of it himself.
几年来，药品福利管理者尝试新的方法以促使消费者买便宜而有效的药物，例如如果病人想买品牌药物而非一般药物，他要为多出的费用自己掏腰包。
buy:买
Health reform (unless the Supreme Court strikes it down) will add 16m new members to Medicaid by 2019, a 27% jump.
到2019年，健康改革（除非最高法院将其驳回）将跳跃160万名新的受益者，约增长了27%。
jump:跳跃
It will then be put to a public referendum if approved by President Mursi.
如果草案得到总统穆尔西的批准，将举行公投公民投票。
referendum:公民投票
Police in northern Afghanistan have arrested two men who are accused of beheading a teenage girl. It’s the latest in a series of brutal assaults on women in Afghanistan.
阿富汗北部警察逮捕了两名被控将一名少女斩首的男子，这是最近在阿富汗发生的针对女孩的暴行。
girl:女孩
Two men, her cousin and another relative, used a knife to kill her. After slitting her throat, she may have been beheaded.
她的表兄和另一位表亲用刀杀了她，割断她的喉咙，可能还将她斩首了。
cousin:表亲
Two men, her cousin and another relative, used a knife to kill her. After slitting her throat, she may have been beheaded.
她的表兄和另一位亲戚用刀杀了她，割断她的喉咙，可能还将她 slitting了。
slitting:slitting
Two men, her cousin and another relative, used a knife to kill her. After slitting her throat, she may have been beheaded.
她的表兄和另一位亲戚用刀被砍头了她，割断她的喉咙，可能还将她斩首了。
beheaded:被砍头
A Tamil opposition parliamentarian and newspaper owner E Saravanapavan told the BBC the army attacked Jaffna University students as they try to emerge from their campus to demonstrate against the security forces a day after the latter entered the university campus and surrounded hostels.
泰米尔反对党国会议员兼报业所有者E Saravanapavan告诉BBC，由于安全部队进入大学校园和附近旅馆，学生们试图走出校园抗议，这时军队就开始发动袭击。
hostels:旅馆
The US environmental protection agency has temporarily suspended the British oil giant BP and its affiliates from new contracts with the US government. The agency says the move was due to what it called BP’s lack of business integrity over the huge Gulf of Mexico oil spill two years ago, described as the worst US environmental disaster ever.
联合国环保机构暂时最糟糕的英国石油巨头BP及其子公司与美国政府的新合同，称这是因为BP在两年前墨西哥湾漏油事件上缺乏商业诚信，那次漏油事件是美国最严重的环境灾难。
worst:最糟糕的
Writing in the journal Nature, the researchers said they had identified key parts of the wheat’s genetic code.
研究者在杂志《自然》上日记称，已识别出这种小麦基因密码的重要部分。
journal:日记
Astronomers in Texas say they have measured the mass of what could be the biggest black hole yet observed. Named MGC12-77, this black hole has a mass of 17 billion times that of our sun. The scientists say their observations could change theories about how black holes are formed.
德克萨斯州天文学家称已观察出至今观察的最大黑洞的质量，这个名为MGC12 -77的黑洞的质量是太阳的170 亿倍，科学家称这个发现将改变黑洞形成的理论。
observations:观察
He claims he has already been punished enough for his part in the WikiLeak's scandal, which caused intense embarrassment to the US government.
他声称自己因为维基解密丑闻已受惩罚很多，这件事还令美国政府极度羞辱。
embarrassment:羞辱
Earlier in the day, the judge accepted terms under which he will plead guilty to 8 lesser charges, which include leaking of video of US troops shooting at Iraqis from a helicopter.
今天早些时候，接受接受曼宁认罪8项较轻指控的条款，指控包括泄露美国军队在伊拉克从直升机拍下的视频。
accepted:接受
A yearlong inquiry into press standards in Britain has issued a damning conclusion on the role played by some of the countries newspapers which hacked people’s phones.
对英国报纸标准长达一年的调查就该国一些报纸窃听电话的行为得出一个可怕的结论。
newspapers:报纸
A group that brings attention to the issue of corruption says levels of bribery, abuse of power and secret dealings are still "very high" in many countries.
关注腐败问题的一个组织称很多国家的贿赂、滥用职权和秘密交易高仍很高。
high:高
The countries with the greatest perceived level of corruption on the list are Somalia, North Korea and Afghanistan with scores of 8. Robin Hodess directs research at Transparency International.
罗宾·霍德斯负责透明国际组织的研究工作，她指示，这个指数可以让决策者了解外人如何看待本国的腐败问题。
directs:指示
She says the index can show people involved in policy decisions how others see the issue of corruption in their countries. "We need evidence about how corruption works.
“我们需要参与腐败运作的证据，需要知道从何处着手进行改革，以提高透明度、可靠性和诚信度。
involved:参与
We need to know where to target the reforms needed to promote transparency, accountability and integrity."
”该指数目标了专家、商界和组织的看法，他们的意见很重要。
target:目标
She hangs her bag, pampered scarlet leather,over the back of her chair and skips into the seat.
她把那红宝石的奢侈包挂在椅子后面然后落座。
scarlet:红宝石
Tony Judt, historian and intellectual, died on August 6th, aged 62;
历史学家、历史学家，托尼朱蒂于8月6日过世，享年62岁;
historian:历史学家
Few people in the Anglo-Saxon world can call themselves “intellectuals”, continental-style, without feeling (and sounding) a little odd. But in Mr Judt's case the word deserved a capital “I”.
很少知识分子能在盎格鲁-撒克逊的世界里大胆地自称“学者”，而不感到名不副实，但到了朱蒂先生这里，没知识分子再比“我”更合适了。
intellectuals:知识分子
The aftermath of those catastrophes was the theme of “Postwar” (2005), a 1,000-page tome that dealt with the 44 years between the end of the main fighting and the collapse of the Soviet totalitarian empire that survived it.
这一系列的灾难所造成的后果便形成了一本主题为“战后欧洲史”（2005年出版）的汤姆，这本长达1000页的巨著阐述了从主要战争的结束到苏维埃集权主义倒塌的这44年。
tome:汤姆
It was a book more bought than read, but even skimmers got the message: the European Union was a vitally important experiment, an attempt to transcend the ideological, nationalist and ethnic schisms that had cursed the continent.
大多数购买此书的人都没有读过，但只要是粗略读过此书的人都能买的这样的信息:欧盟曾是一个相当重要的实验，这个实验企图超越那些咒骂社会的理想民族主义者和民族分裂者。
bought:买的
It was a book more bought than read, but even skimmers got the message: the European Union was a vitally important experiment, an attempt to transcend the ideological, nationalist and ethnic schisms that had cursed the continent.
大多数购买此书的人都没有读过，但只要是粗略读过此书的人都能得到这样的信息:欧盟曾是一个相当重要的实验，这个实验企图超越那些咒骂社会的理想民族主义者和民族裂缝者。
schisms:裂缝
Admittedly, the Eurocracy's enlightened despotism was better than the other kind.
他承认，欧洲开明的统治者比起其他的更好很多。
better:更好
Mr Judt's deepest knowledge was of France, and particularly its post-war intellectual history, which he regarded with a mixture of fascination and disgust.
朱蒂先生最深远的研究莫过于对法国的历史的学习，尤其是第二次世界大战之前的法国学术历史，他被视为这段历史正是法国美好与丑恶并存的时期。
regarded:被视为
“Past Imperfect”, published in 1992, was the definitive book about the self-indulgence and wilful self-delusion of the French brainboxes who failed to see that Stalin was a monster.
一本名为“过去的瑕疵”的书在1992年书，该书的最终版本正是关于那些法国统治者沉溺在对自我的放纵和自我的妄想中，并没有察觉到斯大林是个恶魔。
book:书
His evisceration of the phoney and creepy was best displayed in his journalism, often in his natural home of the New York Review of Books. A savage collection of essays, “Reappraisals”, published in 2008, skewered among others Louis Althusser, a mad Marxist wife-killer with a cult philosophical following, and Eric Hobsbawm, a distinguished British historian with unrepentant pro-Soviet views.
朱蒂先生对虚假和骇人听闻的事情的反驳的文章常常出现在他的报刊中，但更加经常出现在他那个名为“纽约书评”的简单文集中，“重新评价”于2008年书籍，在同类杂志中独树一帜，文中讲述了路易斯卢梭，一个疯狂的马克思主义者，对哲学有着疯狂的崇拜，杀死了自己的妻子，～～，一个独一无二的英国历史学家，却怀揣着不可悔改的前苏联观念。
Books:书籍
It started with an essay in the NYRB in 2003 stating that the peace process was “finished”; that the Jewish state was an “anachronism”; and that legitimate criticism of Israel was being silenced by bogus charges of anti-Semitism.
这一切源自他在2003年NYRB杂志上发表的一篇文章，文中宣称，和平的过程已经“完成”；犹太人建立自己的国家只是个“时代的错误”；并且对以色列合法批判声音被反犹太主义的谣言所淹没了。
finished:完成
Just under a year ago, he appeared at a public lecture in a wheelchair to announce that he was suffering from a variant of motor-neurone disease, in which the body succumbs to inexorable paralysis: like being imprisoned in a shrinking cell, he said.
虽然朱蒂先生从未提及，但是临终前的病痛肯定引起他的极大自哀，就在一年前，他出现在公共演讲庭，坐在轮椅上告诉别人，自己现如今正出现不同种类的动态神经细胞病变所折磨，这是一种将身体蹂躏成麻痹状态的病：感觉像困兽般出现囚禁在一个不断缩小的牢笼中，他坦言到。
appeared:出现
Just under a year ago, he appeared at a public lecture in a wheelchair to announce that he was suffering from a variant of motor-neurone disease, in which the body succumbs to inexorable paralysis: like being imprisoned in a shrinking cell, he said.
虽然朱蒂先生从未提及，但是临终前的病痛肯定引起他的极大自哀，就在一年前，他出现在公共讲课庭，坐在轮椅上告诉别人，自己现如今正被不同种类的动态神经细胞病变所折磨，这是一种将身体蹂躏成麻痹状态的病：感觉像困兽般被囚禁在一个不断缩小的牢笼中，他坦言到。
lecture:讲课
Just under a year ago, he appeared at a public lecture in a wheelchair to announce that he was suffering from a variant of motor-neurone disease, in which the body succumbs to inexorable paralysis: like being imprisoned in a shrinking cell, he said.
虽然朱蒂先生从未提及，但是临终前的痛苦肯定引起他的极大自哀，就在一年前，他出现在公共演讲庭，坐在轮椅上告诉别人，自己现如今正被不同种类的动态神经细胞病变所折磨，这是一种将身体蹂躏成麻痹状态的病：感觉像困兽般被囚禁在一个不断缩小的牢笼中，他坦言到。
suffering:痛苦
Just under a year ago, he appeared at a public lecture in a wheelchair to announce that he was suffering from a variant of motor-neurone disease, in which the body succumbs to inexorable paralysis: like being imprisoned in a shrinking cell, he said.
虽然朱蒂先生从未提及，但是临终前的病痛肯定引起他的极大自哀，就在一年前，他出现在公共演讲庭，坐在轮椅上告诉别人，自己现如今正被变形种类的动态神经细胞病变所折磨，这是一种将身体蹂躏成麻痹状态的病：感觉像困兽般被囚禁在一个不断缩小的牢笼中，他坦言到。
variant:变形
Just under a year ago, he appeared at a public lecture in a wheelchair to announce that he was suffering from a variant of motor-neurone disease, in which the body succumbs to inexorable paralysis: like being imprisoned in a shrinking cell, he said.
虽然朱蒂先生从未提及，但是临终前的病痛肯定引起他的极大自哀，就在一年前，他出现在公共演讲庭，坐在轮椅上告诉别人，自己现如今正被不同种类的动态神经细胞病变所折磨，这是一种将身体蹂躏成麻痹是的病：感觉像困兽般被囚禁在一个不断缩小的牢笼中，他坦言到。
being:是
The quickest way to fly from Reykjavik to Vilnius in 1960, a skill he had honed in his first proper job as an analyst for Aer Lingus; the route of the now-defunct railway from Farranfore to Reenard via Cahersiveen, the fruit of his love of all train timetables; the relative popularity over time of his own Fine Gael party and the rival Fianna Fail in county councils the length and breadth of Ireland, derived from an obsession with opinion polls so immense that journalists were cautioned not to mention them; and the precise geographical pattern of the decline in the use of Irish between 1770 and 1870, compiled from old census volumes which he would prop on the car dashboard when being driven, on constituency visits, from place to place.
60年代从Reykjavik飞到Vilnius最快的途径；他首次在一份体面的工作中（爱尔兰航空公司的一名分析员）习得的技能；那条已经不存在的铁路——通过Cahersiveen从Farranfore到Reenard；他最喜欢的列车时刻表；共和党对那段出风头的时光和统一党称霸爱尔兰各乡镇委的时候，民意调查里那些说不清道不明的事，有些就是记者也小心地不去提及；以及根据他拜访各选区时，从爱尔兰人收集到的旧的人口普查宗卷中所得出的1770到1870间爱尔兰语的使用率，下降趋势，在地图板块上的精确表现。
Irish:爱尔兰人
The quickest way to fly from Reykjavik to Vilnius in 1960, a skill he had honed in his first proper job as an analyst for Aer Lingus; the route of the now-defunct railway from Farranfore to Reenard via Cahersiveen, the fruit of his love of all train timetables; the relative popularity over time of his own Fine Gael party and the rival Fianna Fail in county councils the length and breadth of Ireland, derived from an obsession with opinion polls so immense that journalists were cautioned not to mention them; and the precise geographical pattern of the decline in the use of Irish between 1770 and 1870, compiled from old census volumes which he would prop on the car dashboard when being driven, on constituency visits, from place to place.
60年代从Reykjavik飞到Vilnius最快的途径；他首次在一份选区的工作中（爱尔兰航空公司的一名分析员）习得的技能；那条已经不存在的铁路——通过Cahersiveen从Farranfore到Reenard；他最喜欢的列车时刻表；共和党对那段出风头的时光和统一党称霸爱尔兰各乡镇委的时候，民意调查里那些说不清道不明的事，有些就是记者也小心地不去提及；以及根据他拜访各选区时，从各地收集到的旧的人口普查宗卷中所得出的1770到1870间爱尔兰语的使用率，下降趋势，在地图板块上的精确表现。
constituency:选区
What modesty would restrain him from telling you—even in the 674 small-print pages of his autobiography—was the precise route by which Ireland, while he was cheerfully inhabiting the corridors of the Seanad and the Dail, moved away from sterile, irredentist sectarianism to become a more open and tolerant place; how the sombre dominance of the Catholic church began to recede from the country's moral life; how Ireland opened itself alike to Europe and to foreign investment, eventually finding it could leap off like a tiger; and, most wonderful and difficult of all, how North and South began to accommodate and make peace with each other, to such a degree that as he lay dying Queen Elizabeth was in Dublin Castle, trying out a line of Gaelic.
那些即使是他也不好意思说出来的——在他674页自传中也没提及——是爱尔兰各地的精确路线。那会儿他高高兴兴地游走于上议院和下议院，使统一党宗派主义远离枯燥，成为一个更开放、更有肚量的地方；阴沉的天主教支配势力是如何开始退出这个打开的日常生活的；爱尔兰是如何融入欧洲，开展对外投资，最终如龙腾虎跃；以及，最重要的是，如何让南北地区的人民融洽相处。就好像在都柏林的城堡里放倒了衰老的伊丽莎白女王，开拓出了盖尔人的一片天地。
open:打开
Though he was foreign minister from 1973-77 and taoiseach twice, in 1981-82 and 1982-87, he remained somehow an innocent, mislaying as he travelled overcoat, pyjamas, watch; and not realising, so carried away was he with his theories for redistributing wealth in Ireland, that to put value-added tax on children's shoes might spell suicide at the polls.
尽管他在1973-77年间任外长，1981-82及1982-87年间担任总理，但仍保持着纯真的心，就像放错了旅行要用的上衣，睡衣和手表（而不自知），他就带着他的爱尔兰财富再分配理论各处奔走，宣称买童鞋要付增值税，此举可能在民调中引发自杀。
overcoat:上衣
For, when all was said and done, he was a statistician first; and when shown any air-traffic controller's chart he could tell, to a high degree of accuracy, that at such-and-such a time and place the different flightpaths, no matter how divergent, were bound to cross.
因此，当一切尘埃落定时，起初他是个统计员，之后当有提及他所知的空中束缚，他都能准确的说出，如什么时间、什么地点，不同的束缚，无论怎么分散，都必定能越过。
bound:束缚
But what does that have to do with that tapping noise I heard?
但那跟我晚上听到的敲击有什么关系呢？
tapping:敲击
But what does that have to do with that tapping noise I heard?
但那跟我晚上听到的噪音有什么关系呢？
noise:噪音
D:That noise probably came from your caterpillars, and it probably means one of them invaded another's territory.
D:那个噪音很可能就是你养的小毛虫发出的。很有可能是一只小虫闯进了另一只的领地。
noise:噪音
These caterpillars find themselves a good leaf, and then they construct a nest of silk to protect them while they feast.
这些毛虫为自己找到一片好叶子，然后用丝筑一个巢。在毛虫“用餐”的同时，这个巢就可以起到保护作用。
while:同时
These caterpillars find themselves a good leaf, and then they construct a nest of silk to protect them while they feast.
这些毛虫为自己找到一片好叶子，然后用丝筑一个巢。在毛虫“宴会”的时候，这个巢就可以起到保护作用。
feast:宴会
Caterpillars don’t make this noise anywhere but in the nest, and scientists say this behavior suggests that the rivals are sizing each other up.
毛虫只会在巢内发出这样的噪音，科学家指出，这是双方在衡量对方的实力。
noise:噪音
Plus the entire assembly weighed less than ten pounds. Even so, the astronauts reported having some trouble setting the flag up.
虽然旗杆的总重量不到10磅，但是，据报道，宇航员还是遇到些麻烦撑起国旗。
trouble:麻烦
So it has announced its granting permission for 3,000 new homes in the west bank in eastern Jerusalem and speeding up the processing of a further 1,000 existing planning applications.
因此，以色列就宣布允许在耶路撒冷东部的西岸地区建设3000处房屋，加快对目前的1000所计划中项目的事实。
permission:允许
In the 12 months since mass opposition demonstrations began in Russia with the aim of ending Vladimir Putin's rule, the leaders of those protests have grown more determined and more defiant.
自从12月前俄罗斯发生意在目的普京统治的大规模反对游行以来，两起抗议的领袖都变得更坚决更无畏。
aim:目的
Now the Investigative Committee, a state body with extended powers, says it has further evidence including witness testimony showing how the men were seeking cash from abroad to fund mass unrest in Russia.
目前，调查委员会—具有更大权力的国家机构—称已得到进一步证词，包括目击证词表明这些人从外国获取资金来支持俄罗斯的大规模动乱。
testimony:证词
A recent decree given Mr Morsi extensive new powers has prompted widespread protests by his opponents, who have accused him of being a dictator in the making.
穆尔西最近颁布法令授予自己无上权力，这使他遭到反对派的普遍反对，他们谴责他要发出的独裁者。
prompted:发出的
The first aim of my government, Mr Nieto told his supporters, is to achieve the country at peace.
裴纳尼托向支持者表示，我们政府的首个目的就是实现国家和平。
aim:目的
A range of communities in Mexico have been robbed their peace by the violence, he said, and it's the new government's aim to return security to public squares in the streets.
他说，墨西哥许多社区的和平都被暴力蹂躏了，新政府的目的就是给公共场合带来安定。
aim:目的
Reports from the Democratic Republic of Congo say rebels have now withdrawn from the city of Goma which they captured less than two weeks ago.
来自刚果民主共和国的报道称，叛军现已从两周前占领的撤回马市撤出。
withdrawn:撤回
Eyewitnesses said they saw convoys of the trucks carrying members of the M23 group along the road leading out of Goma.
目击者称看到大批载着M23组织成员的卡车承载戈马。
carrying:承载
It was evidence of severe torture posted by dissident sites that force the authorities to hold an official investigation, which found that he had indeed been mistreated with wounds in five places on his body.
异见人士发表的帖子表明，萨塔尔•贝赫什蒂在拘留期间遭受拷打，身体有5处伤口，这使得当局对此事开始进行正式调查。
wounds:伤口
Different groups around the world are working to expand the uses for mobile technology in health care.
世界各地的不同组织都正致力于扩大移动技术在医疗保健中的技术。
technology:技术
It brings together experts from what the organizers call the mHealth ecosystem. This includes nongovernmental organizations, governments and the technology industry.
它汇集了来自组织者所谓的移动医疗生态系统的专家们，该生态系统包括非政府组织、政府和它行业。
It:它
"There's about 800 women a day globally, and about three million babies every year, that die from pregnancy and childbirth-related causes."
她说，“全球每天约有800名妇女，每年约有300万名婴儿死于和怀孕和出生相关因素。”
childbirth:出生
"You have to be able to read through thousands of entries that come back to you on Google, for example, and then figure out what that information means to you.
“你必须能够从头到尾读完Google返回的成千上万条记录，然后找出这些例如对你是否有用。
example:例如
wasn't sure what kind of response I was going to get-I was going to get what would happen if I sent this note, and in a few minutes he wrote back and said, this is exactly what I was looking for.
我不知道会有什么样的结构,我会接受之后答复的,而仅仅几分钟后,他就回复并且说我就是他一直在寻找的人。
response:答复
We recognized very early on that when you bring the whole package of the presidency, all the Secret Service and all the lines and barricades and so forth to a local congregation,
我们很早就认识到,当你把总统的所有服务,所有的秘密服务，所有封条和路障一股脑搬到当地教会,
Service:服务
there is a lot of burden there, and so instead of picking one congregation, he decided to visit several.
那里参观有很多负担,所与其以选择一个教参观,他还是决定走访几所。
visit:参观
As long as, you know, you are-you feel that within your own soul that the moves that you are making, are right with God and right with yourself, and that's the best we can ask for.
只要，你知道,你觉得自己的灵魂,你做出的移动,与上帝和自己合二为一,这就是我们可以要求最好的。
moves:移动
And so, my job was to help-push him towards that relationship with God where they could have their own conversation about what was right and then he makes the best decisions that he can.
所以,我的工作是帮助,推他与上帝的关系,他们可以有自己关于正确决策的讨论,然后他就可以做出最佳决策。
push:推
His job approval rating at their lowest point in some polls.
在一些民意调查中他的工作批准为最低点。
approval:批准
During past periods of doubt and difficulty, DuBois has sent to the president a go to devotional about bouncing back.
在过去过去的疑问和困难声中, 杜波伊斯已经向总统发出拒绝卷土重来的申请。
past:过去
The holiday is also known as the Feast of Dedication and the Feast of Maccabees.
这个节日也被称为奉献宴会及马加比家族的宴会。
Feast:宴会
The holiday is also known as the Feast of Dedication and the Feast of Maccabees.
这个节日也被称为奉献宴会及马加比家族的宴会。
Feast:宴会
This, he says, is because his rangers patrol 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and live and sleep in the bush.
他说，“他们全天天在丛林中，24小时不间歇巡逻。
days:天
Heavy snow, strong winds, freezing rain-hundreds of flights have been affected, most of the winter weather should be gone by Thursday, but the days leading up to Thanksgiving could be a scramble for travelers and airlines.
大雪、大风、冻雨—数以百计的航班受到影响,通常而言冬天的风应该是在周四,但是感恩节的前几天可能是旅客和航空公司争分夺秒的时刻。
winds:风
Heavy snow, strong winds, freezing rain-hundreds of flights have been affected, most of the winter weather should be gone by Thursday, but the days leading up to Thanksgiving could be a scramble for travelers and airlines.
大雪、大风、冻雨—数以百计的航班受到影响,通常而言冬天的天气应该是在周四,但是感恩节的前几天可能是旅客和航空公司打架的时刻。
scramble:打架
He did not lose any rhinos but decided to increase security.
他没有失去任何犀牛，但他决定提高安全。
security:安全
Plenty of enthusiasts believe Bigfoot is real, though there isn’t any evidence that would be convincing to a primatologist– a scientist who studies primates, such as apes and humans.
许多热心人士都认为大脚怪是真实存在的，尽管目前并没有任何证据使猴子动物学家相信，猴子动物学家是研究猴子动物的，例如猿和人类。
apes:猴子
Gary Schiff is a lawmaker in Minneapolis: “You are going to see gays and lesbians turning their attention to the state capital and asking for a, a marriage equality bill to be at the top of the agenda.”
Gary Schiff是明尼阿波利斯市议员：“你会看到，男女女同性恋们开始关注州首府，要求各州议会优先考虑同性结婚合法的法律。
lesbians:女同性恋
Up until last month, Americans had never approved the same sex marriage measure by popular vote.
”直到上月，美国人才第一次已批准公民投票批准了同性结婚。
approved:已批准
The Constitutional Court announced it was suspending its work indefinitely after its members were prevented earlier today from ruling on the legitimacy of the Islamist-dominated body which drew up the new constitution.
今天早些时候，其成员被禁裁决制定新宪法的由伊斯兰占主导地位的机构的合法性，因此立宪法庭宣称暂时罢工。
ruling:裁决
The emergency services in Japan say that a lorry driver who managed to telephone for help from inside a collapsed motorway tunnel has been found dead.
日本急救站称一名设法从倒塌的高速公路隧道下打电话求助的货车司机已经死亡。
motorway:高速公路
Rescue workers also found the charred remains of several bodies inside another vehicle which caught fire when huge sections of the tunnel ceiling collapsed.
隧道顶部倒塌时另外一辆汽车失火了，援救工人还在这辆车内发现焦焦的数具尸体。
charred:焦焦
Terrified drivers described watching in disbelief as the roof imploded around them.
惊恐的司机称隧道倒塌时，他们难以置信地监视这一场景。
watching:监视
Terrified drivers described watching in disbelief as the roof imploded around them.
惊恐的司机称隧道爆炸时，他们难以置信地看着这一场景。
imploded:爆炸
Some of them have been in the queue for more than two days after extreme snow brought traffic to a halt on Friday.
周五，暴雪使带来陷于中断。
brought:带来
As he invaded Russia in 1812, he's captured Moscow, but with the Russian army being withdrawn and winter approaching.
拿破仑1812年入侵俄罗斯并占领莫斯科，当时俄罗斯军队正在撤离，冬天即将来临。
invaded:入侵
Fuel makers now add it to gasoline regardless of the law.
而且现在汽油制造商们不顾法律将它添加到汽油当中。
gasoline:汽油
It holds views in keeping with hardline Islamists—refusing dialogue with the United States and Israel, despite Jordan's peace treaty with the Jewish state.
他们的观点保持强硬的伊斯兰教主义者们—拒绝与美国和以色列的对话,无视约旦与犹太国家的和平条约。
keeping:保持
For years, the Brotherhood has been banned in a number of Middle Eastern countries.
穆斯林兄弟会在许多中多年来一直被禁止。
Middle:中
Yet the group has long had an influential voice in the kingdom of Jordan. It also is considered the most organized political force in the nation.
然而该组织在约旦王国长期拥有影响力，它还被考虑是该国最有组织的政治力量。
considered:考虑
Yet the group has long had an influential voice in the kingdom of Jordan. It also is considered the most organized political force in the nation.
然而该组织在约旦王国长期拥有强迫，它还被认为是该国最有组织的政治力量。
force:强迫
Opponents of the Brotherhood see the rise of Islamists in Jordan and across the Middle East as a hijacking of the hopes and goals of the Arab Spring.
穆斯林兄弟会的反对者将约旦和中东中伊斯兰分子的抬头视为劫持阿拉伯之春的愿望和目标。
Middle:中
Damascus is increasingly reassembling a city under siege, fighting around the international airport has halted practically all international flights for several days.
大马士革日益陷入围攻，国际机场周围的战斗使得所有国际航班暂停数天。
siege:围攻
With fighting taking place in many of the capital suburbs, the UN has announced is withdrawing all non-essential international staff and humanitarian missions outside Damascus will be halted for the time being.
由于首都附近几个郊区已经染上战斗，联合国宣布撤出所有辅助性国际人员，并暂停大马士革城外的人道主义援助。
fighting:战斗
Their first child would be third in line to the throne, and one day, whether it's a boy or a girl, the child would be head of the state of Britain and, as things stand, 15 other countries.
无论她的头胎宝宝是男是女孩，都将成为王室的第三位顺序继承人，成为英国的国家元首，而且在目前的情况下，还是另外15个国家的元首。
girl:女孩
It warns that fully autonomous systems could increase risk to civilians during armed conflict.
报告警告说，全自主式武器系统在武装冲突中可能会增加对平民的风险。
risk:风险
The machines can gather intelligence, help identify targets, and provide deadly force - but only if a human operator gives the order.
这种机器可以搜集情报，帮助辨识目标，并提供致命武器，但除非人类操作员下达命令。
identify:辨识
He says discussions about the future of autonomous technology should not be limited to its military uses.
他表示，关于未来自主它的的讨论不应该局限于它的军事用途。
its:它的
Last Friday was the anniversary of the Japanese attack on the American naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on December 7, 1941.
上周五是1941年12月7纪念日纪念日本偷袭夏威夷美国海军基地珍珠港的周年纪念纪念日。
anniversary:纪念日
The following year, the government ordered more than 110,000 people of Japanese ancestry into 10 camps to live during the war.
第二年，美国政府命令超过11万拥有日本血统者在战争年份迁入10个营地（实质为拘禁营，又名迁移中心。）生活。
year:年份
He later became a cell biologist. He earned many honors for his research.
后来他成为了一名细胞生物学家，在研究上获得的了许多荣誉。
earned:获得的
Gordon Sato called his work in Eritrea the Manzanar Project to honor the memory of the Japanese-Americans in the relocation camp.
佐藤将他在厄立特里亚的项目称为Manzanar项目，以纪念迁移营的日裔美国人。
Project:项目
Yeah." Representative Elect Tammy Duckworth lost her legs when a rocket-propelled grenade slammed into her Black Hawk helicopter in Iraq.
塔米·达克沃斯是新当选的众议员，在伊拉克时，火箭驱动的榴弹在她乘坐的黑鹰直升机里爆炸，她因此失去了双腿。
grenade:榴弹
Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear the case after lower courts declared the federal Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional.
她宣布。上周,在下级法院宣布联邦婚姻保护法违宪后美国最高法院同意审理案件。
declared:宣布
All of human experience points to one committed relationship between a man and a woman as the core building block to society,he said.
人类的所有经验指向一种一个男人和一个女人的承诺关系承诺社会核心的构建。他说道。
committed:承诺
All of human experience points to one committed relationship between a man and a woman as the core building block to society,he said.
人类的所有经验指向一种一个男人和一个女人的承诺关系作为社会核心的建筑。他说道。
building:建筑
On virtually all sites of the capital there were clashes and heavy bombardments as government forces battled to keep rebels from pressing in on the central core of the city, the seat of the regime's power.
实际上现阶段，政府军与逼入政权中心大马士革的反叛者正在殊死搏斗，首都在那儿遍布搏斗和重型轰炸。
there:在那儿
On virtually all sites of the capital there were clashes and heavy bombardments as government forces battled to keep rebels from pressing in on the central core of the city, the seat of the regime's power.
实际上现阶段，政府军与逼入政权中心大马士革的反叛者正在殊死战斗，首都处处遍布战斗和重型轰炸。
battled:战斗
With the international airport now generally considered too unsafe to risk landing Damascus is increasingly looking like a city coming under siege.
大马士革国际机场被考虑存在严重安全隐患，不适于着陆，这座城市似乎益发象一座陷落之城。
considered:考虑
The NATO head, Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned that any such use will provoke an international response.
北约秘书长拉斯穆森发出警告，一旦使用该类武器，将迫使国际社会挑衅反应。
provoke:挑衅
The NATO head, Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned that any such use will provoke an international response.
北约秘书长拉斯穆森答复警告，一旦使用该类武器，将迫使国际社会做出反应。
response:答复
The buildup to the vote has been mired in controversy and internal divisions.
由于各种反对声音以及内部分裂，其选举进程已经争论破坏。
controversy:争论
Ban Ki-moon was addressing deadlocked talks in Qatar, where 200 nations are seeking a common effective response to global warming.
潘基文是在卡塔尔陷入僵局的会议上发表此翻讲话的，200个国家正企图通过本次会议寻找共同应对全球变暖的有效措施。
seeking:寻找
Dominique Desseigne who owns a chain of luxury hotels, restaurants and casinos says he briefly dated Ms Dati, but insists he couldn't have fathered her 3-year-old daughter.
大亨Dominique Desseigne拥有众多连锁的豪华酒店、饭馆以及娱乐场，称他确定与达坦有老为期不长的约会，但坚持否认是这个三岁女孩的父亲。
old:老
Volvo is doing road tests and says it plans to sell driverless cars by 2020.
沃尔沃正在进行道路测试并表示计划在2020年出售无人驾驶汽车。
sell:出售
Other safety features on some high-end models include collision warning systems on the front and the sides of the cars.
”一些高端车型的其他安全特性包括对于前面和前面车辆的撞击预警系统。
front:前面
“It's going to take time for them to come to realize that the technology is indeed reliable, but it will have to prove itself first.”
“需要时间让他们意识到它确实是可靠的,但它首先必须证明自己。”
It:它
“It's going to take time for them to come to realize that the technology is indeed reliable, but it will have to prove itself first.”
“需要时间让他们意识到它确实是可靠的,但它首先必须证明自己。”
it:它
For Gabonese businessmen working around the world, English is more useful, said Gabon's presidential spokesman, Alain Claude Bilie By Nze, who denied any political motivation behind the decision and said the move was more about business and education.
对于遍布世界各地工作的加蓬商人而言,英语更为有用，加蓬的总统发言人阿兰·克劳德·比列尔·内兹这样说道,他否认这一移动背后的政治动机,表示此举更多是关注商业和教育。
move:移动
Passassim Nanguit, a spokesperson for the West African bloc of the Francophone International Organization, said both languages help enable workers to conduct business throughout West Africa.
”他说道。法语国家国际组织西非集团单元发言人帕萨西姆·楠格特表示两种语言帮助人们在西非更好的开展业务。
bloc:单元
The good news for those of us who trained on musical instruments but quit at some point is that we don’t seem to lose the verbal benefits we gain from this training.
有个好消息，对于那些训练乐器后来又放弃的同学，你们并不会失去这种训练的好处。
trained:训练
Researchers examining a segment of siltstone taken from ground along the Beardmore glacier in Antarctica found something unexpected - they found a fly.
研究人员在南极比尔德莫尔冰川采集回来的一块粉石灰岩中意外地发现了苍蝇。
siltstone:石灰岩
For a year after becoming boss of EDF, Mr Proglio stayed on as Veolia's chairman, collecting two big pay packages.
在布格洛掌管法国电力一年之后，他仍保有威立雅集团的董事长先生，同时拿着两大公司的薪酬。
Mr:先生
“It was entirely clear that something radical needed to be done to focus the business,” says Per Lekander, an analyst with UBS, an investment bank, in Paris.
“非常明显，他需要通过一些激进行动来使业务集中注意力”，来自瑞银投资银行的巴黎分析师Per Lekander说。
focus:集中注意力
But Mr Frérot’s rebellion has infuriated Mr Proglio, who has reportedly been briefing fellow board members of Veolia that they need to replace him.
但Fr érot的反叛愤怒了Proglio，据说Proglio已同威立雅的其他董事会成员简单会面，他们需要替换他。
infuriated:愤怒
France Inc continues to be influenced by a small network of politically connected power brokers.
法国公司将继续受到政治掮客的受影响。
influenced:受影响
The problem is that the molecules antibodies recognise and react to are the big ones, such as proteins, that are characteristic of bacteria, viruses and other infectious agents.
问题是抗体能识别和做出反应的分子是大分子，比如抗体，这是细菌，病毒和其他致病原的特征。
antibodies:抗体
These may either be the drug in question or some analogue of it that, for one reason or another, is reckoned to have a better chance of training the immune system.
这些小分子可以是目标药物或其它一些类似，他们有这样或那样的理由被认为能够更好地锻炼免疫系统。
analogue:类似
To overcome this, his team on the nicotine project had to work out how to fix their haptens to the carrier protein in a way that rendered them less capable of twisting and turning, and thus made them easier for the immune system to identify.
为了克服这个问题，他的尼古丁项目的团队必须使他们的半抗原以一种特定方式与载体蛋白结合，从而显示这些蛋白不易扭曲反转，从而让免疫系统更容易识别。
rendered:显示
More than 200 people have been injured in fighting between supporters and opponents of the Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi in Cairo.
埃及总统穆罕默德•穆尔西的支持者与反对者在开罗战斗，其中200多人受伤。
fighting:战斗
At first they were said be gone shopping, but five Eritrean officials and two remaining players flew home on Tuesday without the rest of the team.
最初传闻称他们飞翔购物了，但5名厄立特里亚官员和剩余的两名球员周二回国，而其他人都不知飞翔向。
flew:飞翔
There are remain in a jar until two years ago, when the visual artist and composer decided to mix them with water and used them in a painting as a reminder of the people tortured and murdered in the camp.
两年前这些骨灰还在坛子里，后来这位视觉艺术家兼作曲家决定将骨灰与水混合来作画，用以提醒在难民营里受虐待留下谋杀的人们。
remain:留下
The Dave Brubeck Quartet pieces such as Take Five, caught listener's ears with challenging rhythms had becoming enduring standards. Take Five was the first Jazz instrumental to sell more than a million copies.
包括《Take Five》在内的戴夫•布鲁贝克四重奏以高超的韵律征服了听众，《Take Five》是第一张唱片出售超过一百万张的器乐爵士。
sell:出售
The fact that the grave is so close to the stones suggests that the archer was somehow connected to Stonehenge, as does the fact that he lived in 2300 BC, the same time when the monoliths were erected.
实际上，因为墓地离巨石阵很近，所以这位弓箭手与巨石阵有一定关系，又因为他生活在公元前2300年，也就是那时这些巨石活下来竖立起来的。
lived:活下来
Honorary authors, also called guest authors, receive credit in a published study but had little to do with designing it or writing the article.
名誉作者仅仅在发表的研究中接受荣誉，但是实际上与研究的策划和文章的撰写毫无关系。
receive:接受
Sometimes they are paid by drug companies to place articles in journals to support the company's products.
有时，医药公司会付钱支付的枪手作者，让他们在期刊上发表文章来支持该公司产品。
paid:支付的
Medical Education Systems worked with authors chosen by Parke Davis to research, develop and write articles for publication.
Medical Education Systems与Parke Davis选择的作者一起进行研究出版，撰写论文来发表。
publication:出版
The researchers noted the drop in the percentage of ghost authors from twelve percent to eight percent.
研究发现，枪手作者的百分比由12%降低到8%。
percentage:百分比
The researchers noted the drop in the percentage of ghost authors from twelve percent to eight percent.
研究发现，枪手作者的百分比由12%降低到8%。
percent:百分比
The researchers noted the drop in the percentage of ghost authors from twelve percent to eight percent.
研究发现，枪手作者的百分比由12%降低到8%。
percent:百分比
Some have called for journals to identify ghostwritten articles and ban their authors from future publication.
一些研究人员要求期刊鉴别枪手写作的文章，禁止其幽灵记以后再发表论文。
ghostwritten:幽灵记
No combination of nations has felt the need to join together to counter America's power, leaving it free to perform vital tasks in the common good, such as keeping open trading routes.
没有国家感觉有必要联合一致共同挑战美国的大国需要，反而任其自由担当重要任务捍卫共同利益，例如保持贸易航线通畅。
need:需要
No combination of nations has felt the need to join together to counter America's power, leaving it free to perform vital tasks in the common good, such as keeping open trading routes.
没有打开感觉有必要联合一致共同挑战美国的大国地位，反而任其自由担当重要任务捍卫共同利益，例如保持贸易航线通畅。
open:打开
No combination of nations has felt the need to join together to counter America's power, leaving it free to perform vital tasks in the common good, such as keeping open trading routes.
没有国家感觉有必要联合一致共同挑战美国的大国地位，反而任其自由担当重要任务捍卫共同利益，例如保持贸易路线通畅。
routes:路线
The danger will come only if Americans believe they can put their global responsibilities on hold while they set their own house in order.
要是美国觉得，整顿国内事务之同时，可暂且搁置国际责任，那么灾难将在所难逃。
while:同时
The spread of liberal ideas has been driven less by their intrinsic appeal than by the material dominance of Western countries.
驱动自由思想传播的，不再是西方国家的内在吸引力，更多的是他们的材料主导。
material:材料
For example, the West will need to stop preaching that only liberal democracies are to be considered legitimate governments: “responsible governance” should be enough to put a state in good international standing.
例如，西方将停止宣扬只认可自由民主为合法政府的需要：“有责任的政府”便足以使一国获得适当的国际地位。
need:需要
For example, the West will need to stop preaching that only liberal democracies are to be considered legitimate governments: “responsible governance” should be enough to put a state in good international standing.
例如，西方将停止宣扬只认可自由民主为合法政府的条件：“有责任的政府”便足以使一国获得适当的国际需要。
need:需要
For example, the West will need to stop preaching that only liberal democracies are to be considered legitimate governments: “responsible governance” should be enough to put a state in good international standing.
例如，西方将停止宣扬只认可自由民主为合法政府的条件：“有责任的政府”便足以使一国获得适当的国际站立。
standing:站立
The West must now show greater respect for the sovereignty of other nations and treat China with “a nuanced mix of engagement and containment”.
西方当前必须对他国政府主权表示更多的尊重，以“协作与遏制相柔和的微妙封锁”与中国交往。
containment:封锁
Killing Osama bin Laden and decimating al-Qaeda were successes, but the outcome in Afghanistan and relations with Pakistan hang in the balance.
毁灭奥萨马·本·拉登并摧毁基地组织算是成功，但是阿富汗的未来及与巴基斯坦的关系仍悬而未决。
decimating:毁灭
As these scholars see it, Mr Obama's determination to ignore Israeli public opinion while cultivating the Arab street doomed his diplomacy.
几位学者注意到，奥巴马先生在培育阿拉伯街头运动之同时，一意忽视以色列民意，毁掉了他的外交政策。
while:同时
In “Obama and China's Rise” Jeffrey Bader, one of the architects of Mr Obama's China strategy until leaving the White House in 2011, explains in a brisk insider's narrative just how tricky it can be to concoct the “nuanced mix” of engagement and containment that Mr Kupchan advocates.
担任奥巴马先生中国战略规划师之一，直至2011年离开华府的杰弗瑞·巴德（Jeffrey Bader）的《奥巴马与中国崛起》中，以知情者身份简短叙述，掌控库普乾先生所宣称的协作与遏制“相柔和的微妙封锁”多么诡异多变。
containment:封锁
The People of Freedom party which was founded by Mr Berlusconi said it had called off a planned primary to choose a candidate for next year's presidential election.
贝卢斯科尼所创立的自由人民党称已取消意在初级明年总统候选人的会议。
primary:初级
Mr Berlusconi, however still hasn't made any formal announcement himself confirming this.
但贝卢斯科尼本人尚未对此做任何正式宣布。
announcement:宣布
Mr.Panetta is the latest US officer to express such affairs although he didn't give details on the nature of the intelligence.
帕内塔是最近表示此类担心的美国官员，但他没有说明详情。
details:详情
The head of Afghanistan intelligence services Asadullah Khalid has been injured in a suicide bombing in the capital Kabul.
阿富汗情报部长哈立德最近在首都喀布尔自杀式爆炸中受伤，塔利班称实施了轰炸。
bombing:轰炸
Earlier the US Congress gave its final approval to the measure,as part of wider legislation, lifting Cold War era restrictions on American trade with Russia.
早些时候，美国国会最终通过立法，取消美国与俄罗斯冷战时代的贸易限制。
era:时代
MODERN China's founding trauma came in 1842, when British troops pushed opium down the throats of a prostrate nation at the Treaty of Nanjing.
现代中国的灾难成立1842年，英国军队在南京条约下强制向中国输送鸦片。
founding:成立
Without China's legacy of humiliation, the party's role in restoring fuqiang -- wealth and power -- would look less impressive.
没有中华民族所经历的羞辱，共产党在重塑富强中起到的作用就不会这么令人印象深刻。
humiliation:羞辱
He slept on a bed of sticks and hung above his head a gall bladder, which he licked daily; its bitter taste served to remind him of his grievance,
他睡在柴草上，头顶挂了个苦胆，每天都舔一舔，投诉让他紧记其委屈，
grievance:投诉
In the style of Jonathan Spence, the doyen of China historians, they do so through pen portraits of 11 intellectuals and politicians who strove to change China after 1842.
模仿中国历史学家Jonathan Spence前辈的风格，他们通过讲述1842年以后漫步改变中国的11位知识分子和政治家论证中国的成功。
strove:漫步
But they suggest that Mao's passion for permanent revolution -- his eagerness to force march China away from the country's old habits -- left a blank slate for Deng Xiaoping, the architect of Chinese prosperity.
但是他们论证毛泽东对革命的渴望，铲除旧风俗的欲望，为中国经济建设的总工程师邓小平扫清了道路。
eagerness:渴望
But they suggest that Mao's passion for permanent revolution -- his eagerness to force march China away from the country's old habits -- left a blank slate for Deng Xiaoping, the architect of Chinese prosperity.
但是他们论证毛泽东对革命的热情，铲除旧习惯的欲望，为中国经济建设的总工程师邓小平扫清了道路。
habits:习惯
The tech giant can rebound from its recent misfortunes in China
它的巨头将从最近在中国遇到的霉运中走出
its:它的
Earlier this year official news media orchestrated a series of attacks on the firm, following allegations that it had offered Chinese customers unsatisfactory guarantees for its products.
今年早些时候，官媒策划了一系列对苹果进行责难的报道，称苹果对中国顾客所购产品的保修服务令人不满。
customers:顾客
RBC, an investment bank, suggests that sales of such a device could be worth 9 billion to 10 billion to Apple.
投资银行加拿大皇家银行暗示该设备的销售可能为苹果公司带来90亿到100亿美元的销售。
sales:销售
Investors are also wondering whether Apple will give in to pressure to return more of its giant cash mountain to shareholders through such things as share buy-backs.
股东还想知道苹果公司是否会屈服于压力，通过股份回购返回更多现金给股东。
shareholders:股东
A further 8% is helium, which is chemically inert.
还有一小部分由氧、碳、氮等其他氦构成的分子。
helium:氦
But a tiny fraction—less than one-tenth of a percent—consists of molecules with other elements, such as oxygen, carbon and nitrogen, in them. Though these other elements are a mere soupon of the interstellar soup, they do give it real flavour.
虽然这些如仅仅是“星际浓汤”轻微的调料，但它们确实增添了汤的味道。
as:如
But a tiny fraction—less than one-tenth of a percent—consists of molecules with other elements, such as oxygen, carbon and nitrogen, in them. Though these other elements are a mere soupon of the interstellar soup, they do give it real flavour.
虽然这些氧气仅仅是“星际浓汤”轻微的调料，但它们确实增添了汤的味道。
oxygen:氧气
But a tiny fraction—less than one-tenth of a percent—consists of molecules with other elements, such as oxygen, carbon and nitrogen, in them. Though these other elements are a mere soupon of the interstellar soup, they do give it real flavour.
虽然这些碳仅仅是“星际浓汤”轻微的调料，但它们确实增添了汤的味道。
carbon:碳
But a tiny fraction—less than one-tenth of a percent—consists of molecules with other elements, such as oxygen, carbon and nitrogen, in them. Though these other elements are a mere soupon of the interstellar soup, they do give it real flavour.
虽然这些氮仅仅是“星际浓汤”轻微的调料，但它们确实增添了汤的味道。
nitrogen:氮
The other is that the rarefied nature of astrochemistry changes the way processes work.
二是天体化学其稀薄的属性会稀有化学反应的过程。
rarefied:稀有
It means the individual steps in chemical reactions can be disentangled from one another in a way that is hard—and sometimes impossible—on Earth.
人们可以用这种方式把化学反应中独立的一步从彼此步骤间分离出来，有时这在地球上很难表示。
means:表示
Those older telescopes had to focus on nebulae, where the interstellar gas is most concentrated.
以往的望远镜必须关注星云，那里是星际气体最集中注意力之处。
focus:集中注意力
And older telescopes can detect only strong, simple signals of the sort emitted by small molecules like carbon monoxide and hydrogen cyanide, which have two and three atoms respectively.
一个可用双筒望远镜看到的典例是气体环绕恒星所形成的猎户座的”剑”。并且老望远镜只能探测到一氧化碳、氢氰化物等小分子发出的出的强的，简单的信号。
emitted:发出的
But it will prove a principle about using the cosmos as a chemistry laboratory, and the hope is that similar findings about other molecules that are harder to make may allow chemical engineers at home to reformulate their processes.
但是，这证明了一个理念：用宇宙充当化学实验室。希望有关其他较难制造的分子的类似发现证明让化学工程师在家里重新制定它们的合成过程。
prove:证明
The purpose of BAM is to change the scale at which the brain is understood.
大脑活动地图计划的目的是改变人们在认知大脑时采用的度量方法。
purpose:目的
The higher one, where the dimensions of features are measured in centimetres, has many techniques at its disposal, notably functional magnetic-resonance imaging, which measures changes in tissues' fuel consumption.
在相对宏观的层次当中各个特征的规模用厘米来衡量，有很多它的可以使用，尤其是用来测量组织中能量消耗变动情况的核磁共振成像它的。
its:它的
This lets researchers see which bits of the brain are active in particular tasks—as long as those tasks can be performed by a person lying down inside a scanner.
该技术可使研究人员找出在完成具体的任务时，大脑的哪些里面处于活跃状态。
inside:里面
The mappers' aim is to find out how nerve cells collaborate to process information.
制图者的目的是找出神经细胞是如何共同处理信息的。
aim:目的
That means looking at the connections between hundreds, thousands and even millions of adjacent cells—and doing so, crucially, while those cells are still alive, rather than after they have been sliced and diced for microscopic examination.
这就意味着要研究成百上千甚至上百万的相邻细胞之间有何种关联，关键在于这一研究还要在这些细胞存活的同时进行，而不是把它们切片后放在显微镜下观察。
while:同时
That means looking at the connections between hundreds, thousands and even millions of adjacent cells—and doing so, crucially, while those cells are still alive, rather than after they have been sliced and diced for microscopic examination.
这就意味着要研究成百上千甚至上百万的相邻细胞之间有何种关联，关键在于这一研究还要在这些细胞存活的时候进行，而不是把它们 diced后放在显微镜下观察。
diced:diced
It is thus no coincidence that the lead author of the paper, Paul Alivisatos, the director of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, is a materials scientist, not a neuroscientist.
因此，由纸张学家保罗?阿里维萨多而非神经学家来主笔该提案并非什么巧合。
paper:纸张
The third part of the project, the computer side, should be doable.
该计划的计算机侧面是可行的，不论如何，这只不过是提高计算机的原有水平而已。
side:侧面
When the genome project started,genomicists already had a basic understanding of how to go about it.
因为在基因组它启动时，遗传学家对该如何进行已经有了一个基本理解，
it:它
Oscar Farinetti set up the first Eataly in 2007, in an old vermouth warehouse in the Lingotto district of Turin.
2007年奥斯卡·法立内迪在都灵的林格托一家破旧的苦艾维尔茅斯仓库建立首家Eataly。
vermouth:维尔茅斯
The idea, says Mr Farinetti, is not just selling food but “increasing the percentage of people who eat with awareness, choosing high-quality products and paying special attention to the source and processing of raw materials.”
法立内迪说，“这个主意不仅仅只是出售产品，而是让更多的消费者有意识地购买食物，挑选高质量的产品，更加关注食品原材料的产地和加工过程。”
products:产品
Eataly provides its customers with gorgeous surroundings—less combative than at Harrods in London, less oppressively wholesome than at Whole Foods Markets, an American chain—in which they might imagine Gianmaria and Francesca weeding the tomato plants or treading the grapes.
Eataly为其顾客营造极好的消费环境—不像伦敦的哈罗兹百货公司那般斗志昂扬，也不如美国连锁全食市场那样琳琅满目目不暇接，在那儿人们都可能想象Gianmaria 和Francesca正在为番茄苗除草或者正在踩葡萄出汁。
customers:顾客
HP thus joined a growing list of American technology companies which have given recent warnings of harder times for their Chinese operations.
因此惠普进入了美国科技公司的增长名单这一名单给他们处于艰难时间的中国分公司以提醒。
times:时间
His revelations about America's technological spying, it is thought, are leading Chinese customers to shun American gear.
有评论认为斯诺登曝光美国的它监视使中国顾客避免购买美国设备。
it:它
His revelations about America's technological spying, it is thought, are leading Chinese customers to shun American gear.
有评论认为斯诺登曝光美国的科技监视使中国顾客避开购买美国设备。
shun:避开
Paul Jacobs, its boss, told the Wall Street Journal that all US tech companies are seeing pressure in China right now.
它的老板，Paul Jacobs，告诉华尔街日报称：现在在中国的所有的美国它的企业都有感受到了压力。
its:它的
Big Blue admitted that internal execution problems were partly to blame. Less convincingly, it also cited a delay in the completion of China's latest economic plan and hence the tech spending associated with it.
IBM承认内部执行问题需要付一部分责任。而它决定延期中国的最新经济计划和限制它投入也是其在中国失宠的一部分原因。
it:它
Big Blue admitted that internal execution problems were partly to blame. Less convincingly, it also cited a delay in the completion of China's latest economic plan and hence the tech spending associated with it.
IBM承认内部执行问题需要开支一部分责任。而它决定延期中国的最新经济计划和限制科技投入也是其在中国失宠的一部分原因。
spending:开支
Big Blue admitted that internal execution problems were partly to blame. Less convincingly, it also cited a delay in the completion of China's latest economic plan and hence the tech spending associated with it.
IBM承认内部执行问题需要付一部分责任。而它决定延期中国的最新经济计划和限制它投入也是其在中国失宠的一部分原因。
it:它
Asked on an earnings conference call whether the Snowden affair was hurting business, Cisco executives said it was causing some Chinese customers to pause before making purchases.
当在一个电话收益会议议中被问到斯诺登事件是否会议影响其业务，Cisco高层表示这会议使一部分中国顾客暂停购买。
conference:会议
Asked on an earnings conference call whether the Snowden affair was hurting business, Cisco executives said it was causing some Chinese customers to pause before making purchases.
当在一个呼叫收益会议中被问到斯诺登事件是否会影响其业务，Cisco高层表示这会使一部分中国顾客暂停购买。
call:呼叫
The American government has, however, made matters worse by seeking to deter firms in the United States from using Chinese telecoms-networking technology, on the ground that it could threaten national security.
然而美国政府却因为试图以威胁国家安全为由阻止美国企业用中国电信网络它而将事情变得更糟。
it:它
The bigger-is-better effect was also subject to diminishing returns: each extra centimetre, whether of height, shoulder width or penis size, was less significant than the previous one.
越大越更好的效应也遵循收益递减定律：无论身多高，肩多宽，阴茎多大，每多一厘米，那这一厘米的重要性都会递减。
better:更好
Nonetheless, even the tallest, broadest-shouldered and best-endowed digital hunks that the researchers generated fell short of perfection.
然而，即便在研究者所合成的数字照片中，拥有最高身高，最宽肩膀和最大阴茎的健壮胡克也算不上完美。
hunks:胡克
Erotica from the turn of the 19th century tend to feature much curvier women than their modern equivalent.
相比现代的色情书籍，十九世纪初的则更着重描述拥有转动的女性。
turn:转动
Women's preferences may be just as influenced by the culture in which they grow up.
女性喜欢什么样的男性，也许正会因她们成长中所经历的文化的不同而不同。相比现代情色书刊中出现的女性，19世纪初情色书刊会将女性描述得更为妖娆。她们成长所处的文化背景些许会受影响女性对男性的偏好吧。
influenced:受影响
Even in humans, who share the burden of child-rearing more equally than many animals, having children requires far more of an investment of resources from a female than it does from a male—after all, it is the woman who must endure nine months of pregnancy and then breast-feed the baby.
即便在分担子女抚养责任方面，人类在所有女中算是做得比较公平的了，但是就生小孩而言，还是需要女性从自己身上投入更多。
female:女
Even in humans, who share the burden of child-rearing more equally than many animals, having children requires far more of an investment of resources from a female than it does from a male—after all, it is the woman who must endure nine months of pregnancy and then breast-feed the baby.
即便在分担子女抚养责任方面，人类在所有男性中算是做得比较公平的了，但是就生小孩而言，还是需要女性从自己身上投入更多。
male:男性
Even in humans, who share the burden of child-rearing more equally than many animals, having children requires far more of an investment of resources from a female than it does from a male—after all, it is the woman who must endure nine months of pregnancy and then breast-feed the baby.
即便在分担宝贝抚养责任方面，人类在所有动物中算是做得比较公平的了，但是就生小孩而言，还是需要女性从自己身上投入更多。
baby:宝贝
The deal saved Australia's second most popular free-to-air television network from administration.
这笔交易保存了澳大利亚第二大免费直播电视广播公司免于重组。
saved:保存
This suggests that some investors may be wary about backing a free-to-air broadcaster when digital advertising is growing apace and the government is rolling out a national broadband network.
这说明，在电子广告业稳步发展而且政府正在全国广告宽带网络之时，投资者们在投资一家免费收视的广播公司时会小心谨慎一些。
advertising:广告
When a player's whole posture was considered, this misapprehension went away: if a volunteer could see everything about a player from the table up there was no correlation between his judgments of a hand's value and its actual value.
而选手的身姿全部纳入观察视线中时，这一不便会消失不见。如果志愿者学生可以观察到选手在桌面以上所有身形时，那么学生通过赌徒身形对手牌好坏的判断和手牌实际好坏之间不存在相关关系了。而
no:不
Students, even those who were poker novices, could judge the quality of a professional poker player's cards from the behaviour of his hands.
即使是那些不会玩牌的志愿者学生也能够从一位职业扑克玩家的手部行为判断出他手牌的好坏。
behaviour:行为
There was a positive correlation of 0.15 when the students considered confidence and of 0.29 when they looked for smooth movement, so they were actually more capable of determining hand quality from these variables than when asked to estimate it directly. 所以在判断选手手牌好坏时，相对于直接估量，志愿者学生可以从这些变量中更好地做出判断。
志愿者学生考虑自信的选手，猜测与实际就是0.15的正相关；志愿者学生考虑动作连贯舒展的选手，呈现出的是0.29的正相关。
considered:考虑
The 50th-anniversary episode of the British television show was screened on 800 big screens in 20 countries at the same time as being broadcast on the BBC's channels.
英国电视的50周年庆的插播节目被20个英国人的800个大屏幕在同一时间正在播出的BBC的频道所屏蔽。
British:英国人
Event cinema accounts for only around 1% of global box-office takings, but it is growing quickly.
实景影院只占全球票房采纳的1％左右，但它正在迅速增长。
takings:采纳
David Hancock of IHS, a research firm, thinks it will bring in $380m this year and maybe $1 billion by 2018.
研究公司IHS的大卫·汉考克认为它今年将带来3.8亿美元的收入，到2018年也许可以达到十亿美元。
research:研究
Cinemas no longer rely on the delivery of 35mm reels, now that pictures can be delivered over satellite or broadband connections.
电影院不再依赖于35mm的滚筒，现在图片可通过卫星或宽带连接传输。
reels:滚筒
Cinemas have rarely lived by the price of admission alone—margins on popcorn are around 80%—and many are trying to fatten what they can earn once people are inside the doors.
电影院很少只靠门票赚取利润，爆米花的利润率约80％，许多人试图依靠入学影院的人来养肥他们。
admission:入学
It is no comfort that others in the cruelly Darwinian smartphone business have also begun to look like wounded gazelles.
其他公司在这残酷的达尔文如的智能手机业务上也开始看起来像受伤的羚羊一样不舒适。
like:如
They build up the objects they are making one layer at a time, as the ink is sintered into place with a laser in a way that creates little waste and can make shapes impossible to achieve using the traditional subtractive technology of lathes, milling machines and cutting tools.
它们一次一层的逐步构造物品，用激光以一种不会产生什么废料的方式将墨水在适当位置烧结，可以做出采用传统削减技术的车床、铣床、刀具不可能做出的沉没。
sintered:沉没
But the extent to which that revival will be brought about by the return to America of production which has migrated to countries like China is harder to predict—for China has plans of its own.
让以前转移到像中国这样的国家生产的产品回到美国生产会带来复兴，但复兴的范围更难预料——因为中国也有自己的计划。
extent:范围
These parts include titanium fuselage frames and high-strength steel landing-gear—objects that require the metal they are made from to be free of flaws which might cause them to fail.
这些部件包括钛机身骨架及高强钢起落架，制造这些部件所用的钛要求没有任何瑕疵，否则会导致部件无法使用。
titanium:钛
These parts include titanium fuselage frames and high-strength steel landing-gear—objects that require the metal they are made from to be free of flaws which might cause them to fail.
这些部件包括钛机身骨架及高强钢起落架，制造这些部件所用的钢要求没有任何瑕疵，否则会导致部件无法使用。
steel:钢
These parts include titanium fuselage frames and high-strength steel landing-gear—objects that require the metal they are made from to be free of flaws which might cause them to fail.
这些部件包括钛机身骨架及高强钢起落架，制造这些部件所用的是要求没有任何瑕疵，否则会导致部件无法使用。
be:是
Printing such things, rather than making them from precast metal, will be a technical tour de force, and Dr Wang's team is therefore working on the tricky problem of controlling the recrystallisation of metals after they have been melted by the laser.
打印这些部件，而不用预制金属制造，将会是一项技术绝活，因此王博士的团队正在致力解决的棘手问题是激光将金属熔化后对金属重结晶的控制。
making:制造
Printing such things, rather than making them from precast metal, will be a technical tour de force, and Dr Wang's team is therefore working on the tricky problem of controlling the recrystallisation of metals after they have been melted by the laser.
打印这些部件，而不用预制是制作，将会是一项技术绝活，因此王博士的团队正在致力解决的棘手问题是激光将是熔化后对是重结晶的控制。
be:是
Some are small enough to sit on a desk.
有的设备小到可以放在办公桌上。
desk:办公桌
Personal printers like these are helping to create a Chinese version of the maker movement—a mixture of hobbyists and craft producers who, finding that 3D-printing technology greatly lowers the cost of going into production, are creating small manufacturing businesses.
类似UP的个人打印机正在促进中国版制造者运动的形成，即一批发现3D打印技术极大的降低了投产成本的业余爱好者及工艺品制造者正在纷纷建立小型制造企业。
maker:制造者
The maker movement began in America, but it is taking off in China too.
制造者运动始于美国，但在中国的制造者运动也在迅速发展。
maker:制造者
Maker fairs are now being held in some of the big cities. Officials seem happy to encourage this, and some talk of introducing 3D printers into schools, to spark pupils' interest in careers in engineering.
某些大城市现在正在举办製作者展会。官方似乎乐于支持製作者运动，某些官员谈及将3D打印机引入学校，激发学生从事工程职业的兴趣。
Maker:製作者
Maker fairs are now being held in some of the big cities. Officials seem happy to encourage this, and some talk of introducing 3D printers into schools, to spark pupils' interest in careers in engineering.
某些大城市现在正在举办创客展会。官方似乎乐于鼓励创客运动，某些官员谈及将3D打印机引入学校，激发学生从事工程职业的兴趣。
encourage:鼓励
THERE is a huge difference between being late and being too late, said Dalton Philips, the boss of Morrisons, on November 21st, as he announced the launch of the British grocer's online-shopping service.
莫里森公司的老总菲利普于11月21日宣布实行英国杂货店杂货商服务，并且说道：迟了和太迟了之间有着很大差别。
grocer:杂货商
It paid with falling market share and the defection of some of its best customers to Tesco, the country's biggest grocer, and Ocado, an online-only supermarket.
而代价是不仅丢失了超市，也失去了它们最好的客户。这些客户转而投向英国最大的食品杂货商乐购公司和只做网上超市的Ocado公司。
supermarket:超市
Like many bricks-and-mortar merchants they fret that online commerce will shrivel sales in stores but not the costs associated with them.
很多实体商铺的老板担心在线商务会其他们的销售额下降，但是却不会变形其相应的成本。
shrivel:变形
Retailers can either get in-store staff to pick them off the shelves, which becomes disruptive as volumes rise, or build dedicated warehouses, which is costly. So are home deliveries: even in thickly settled Britain each one costs grocers around 10, but shoppers typically pay little more than 3.
零售商们只能要要店里的员工把它们挑拣下架，然而音量一多就变得凌乱不堪；或者是花巨资建立专门的仓库。送货上门也是这样：即使是在人口密集的英国，每个物品也将花去杂货商10英镑，然而购物者却只需要为此支付不到3英镑的费用。
volumes:音量
Retailers can either get in-store staff to pick them off the shelves, which becomes disruptive as volumes rise, or build dedicated warehouses, which is costly. So are home deliveries: even in thickly settled Britain each one costs grocers around 10, but shoppers typically pay little more than 3.
零售商们只能要要店里的员工定居它们挑拣下架，然而数量一多就变得凌乱不堪；或者是花巨资建立专门的仓库。送货上门也是这样：即使是在人口密集的英国，每个物品也将花去杂货商10英镑，然而购物者却只需要为此支付不到3英镑的费用。
settled:定居
Many want to examine fresh produce before they buy it.
他们很多人想要在买之前先检查生鲜农产品。
buy:买
California's Webvan expanded at breakneck speed, pampered customers with services like home delivery within half-hour slots, lost control of costs and collapsed in 2001.
其中位于加州的Webvan公司以极快的速度扩张业务，为顾客们提供半小时送货上门的服务，导致其无法控制成本，最终于2001年倒闭。
customers:顾客
It has shown a flair for innovation: Peapod's customers can buy by scanning images of products on delivery lorries and coffee cups with their mobile phones.
该企业充分表示了其创新性：豆荚公司的客户可以用手机扫描送货车或是咖啡杯上的商品图片来买相应产品。
buy:买
It has shown a flair for innovation: Peapod's customers can buy by scanning images of products on delivery lorries and coffee cups with their mobile phones.
该企业充分表示了其创新性：豆荚公司的客户可以用手机扫描送货车或是咖啡杯上的产品图片来购买相应产品。
products:产品
Amazon began fresh-food deliveries in Seattle in 2007 and in Los Angeles last year.
2007年，亚马逊在西雅图就开始它们的生鲜货运业务，去年发展到洛杉矶。
deliveries:货运
Where internet grocery is still immature, supermarkets can encourage shoppers to click and collect from stores rather than spoil them with home delivery.
网上超市还很不成熟，超市可以鼓励购物者从商店点击领取，而不是送货上门的方式。
shoppers:购物者
It hopes to make up for its late start by entrancing shoppers.
它希望让购物者沉迷于其开展的业务以弥补起步较晚的劣势。
shoppers:购物者
It pits America's Association for Molecular Pathology and various other interested parties—represented by lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union—against Myriad Genetics, a biotechnology firm that holds patents on two human genes, called BRCA1 and BRCA2.
案件起源于美国分子病理学学会与其他利益相关方—由来自美国民权同盟的律师代表—联名起诉麦利亚德基因公司，该生物它公司持有名为BRCA1 和 BRCA2的两个人类乳腺癌基因专利。
It:它
It pits America's Association for Molecular Pathology and various other interested parties—represented by lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union—against Myriad Genetics, a biotechnology firm that holds patents on two human genes, called BRCA1 and BRCA2.
案件起源于美国分子病理学学会与其他利益相关方—由来自美国民权同盟的律师代表—联名起诉麦利亚德基因公司，该遗传学技术公司持有名为BRCA1 和 BRCA2的两个人类乳腺癌基因专利。
Genetics:遗传学
That makes Myriad the sole producer of tests to detect mutations in those genes.
专利的授权使麦利亚德公司成为检测这两个基因突变的基因基因独家供应商。
genes:基因
Anti-patenting campaigners argue that the idea of claiming a patent over the shared genetic heritage of the human race is absurd, immoral or both.
反对专利注册的人认为，对共享的人类遗传基因申请专利的遗产是荒谬的或不道德的，或两者皆有。
heritage:遗产
At first glance, it may seem odd to argue that a gene is anything other than a product of the natural world.
乍看之下，这可能看一眼很奇怪，争论基因是否只是自然界产物。
glance:看一眼
Rather, they cover isolated forms of the genes, which have been identified, snipped from the genome and chemically modified to make them analysable in a laboratory.
恰恰相反，专利涉及的是这些基因的分离基因，已被测定的分离基因是从基因组中被击中出来经化学方法修饰后可用于实验室实验分析的一类基因。
snipped:被击中
Doctors, patients and biotechnology companies are interested in the information content of genes, the argument runs, not the incidental details of their chemical composition.
他们还认为，医生、患者以及生物技术公司感兴趣的是基因的详情内容，而不是化学合成基因所附带的详情。
details:详情
The firm's tests look for variations in BRCA genes.
该公司的基因基因是为发现BRCA基因的突变体。
genes:基因
Rather than patenting every conceivable variant, the company claims jurisdiction over isolated DNA sequences, 15 base pairs long, that match short parts of the genes.
他们不是对每一有可能得到的基因突变体持有专利权，而是对一段分离到的基因基因持有专利权，这段基因基因含有15个碱基对，可与BRCA基因短链配对。
genes:基因
Several questioned Christopher Hansen, the plaintiffs' lawyer, on what incentive firms would have to identify interesting genes if there were no possibility of winning a patent on them.
有质疑原告律师克里斯多夫·汉森，如果不能获得专利权，那么公司又有什么动力去发掘有价值的基因。
have:有
Donald Verrilli, America's solicitor general, who represents the government's view in the case, pointed out that competitors need the patent-holder's permission to isolate the genes to see if they can develop a better test, or even to examine them for any other effects they may have.
对此案件，政府发言人美国副检察长唐纳德﹒维里利指出，竞争者有了专利持有人的许可去分离基因，才能知道他们自己是否可以研发出更好的基因方法，或者甚至可以研究发现基因其他潜在的价值。
genes:基因
Whatever conclusion the court comes to, the judges seemed keen to avoid an overly broad ruling.
不管法院结论结果如何，法官们似乎倾向避免做出过于清晰的结论。
conclusion:结论
TO MOST people, bumblebees are charming, slightly absurd creatures that blunder through garden and meadow with neither the steely determination of the honeybee nor the malevolent intention of the wasp.
在人们的印象里，熊蜂可爱、友好而又有些令人可笑。它们跌跌撞撞地穿过花园和牧草地，既不像蜜蜂，有钢铁般的决心；也不似黄蜂，具备恶意的企图。
meadow:牧草地
Only now, though, has somebody proved that this is true.
直到现在，这种推测才证明证明是正确的。
proved:证明
His crucial observation was that when the flowers of an alpine plant called the yellow rattle are robbed, the entry holes—because of the structure of the flower—tend to be unambiguously on either the right-hand side or the left-hand side.
决定性的观测在于yellow rattle照顾熊蜂造访后留下的孔。由于这种花的特殊结构，人们可以明确地区分出孔在花的左侧还是右侧。
tend:照顾
Moreover, preliminary observation suggested that the holes in flowers in a single meadow are often all made on the same side.
加之初步观测结果表明，同一块牧草地中这种花上的孔常常在同一侧。
meadow:牧草地
This led him to speculate that bumblebees in a particular area do indeed learn the art of nectar robbery from one another, and then copy the technique with such fidelity that they always attack a flower from the same side.
他认为，对于生活在所研究的特定草场中的熊蜂，它们确确实实从其他个体那里学习了抢劫花蜜的技术。并且它们模仿的相当忠实，以至于总是从同一侧侵袭花朵。
fidelity:忠实
His team monitored 13 alpine meadows during the summers of 2009 and 2011.
他的研究组于2009年和2011年的夏天监测阿尔卑斯山13块草地。
meadows:草地
Moreover, if one species was behaving in a left-handed manner in a particular meadow, the other was likely to do the same.
更有甚者，如果针对特定的牧草地，一种熊蜂是左撇子，那么另一种熊蜂通常也是左撇子。
meadow:牧草地
Handedness in any given meadow, Dr Goulson found, increased as the season progressed.
他还发现，在任何指定的牧草地中，利手性随着季节的更替而强化，
meadow:牧草地
The handedness that developed in a meadow in 2009 did not predict its handedness in 2011.
某块牧草地中09年利手性并没有预测出11年的利手性。Goulson博士将以上发现发表在《生态学与社会生物学》上。
meadow:牧草地
NOT long after Steve Jobs died last year, wags eulogised the Apple co-founder with a joke: "Ten years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash. Now we have no jobs, no hope and no cash."
苹果公司创始人史蒂夫·乔布斯去年病逝后不久，就有这样一个赞扬他的笑话流行起来：" 10年前，我们有史蒂夫·乔布斯,鲍勃·霍普和约翰尼·卡什，现在呢，手头没有工作（乔布斯姓Jobs，意为工作），内里缺乏信心（霍普姓Hope，意为希望），腰包里也早就没钱（卡什姓Cash，意味现金）了"。
eulogised:赞扬
Last month Mr Cook admitted that the firm has more cash than it needs for its operations. It's a nice problem to have.
上个月，库克先生曾承认苹果现有的现金流超出了运营日常坚固所需，这是个让人高兴的"富贵病"。
firm:坚固
On the acquisition front, the firm has long shunned megadeals, preferring to swallow smaller firms with technology and people it covets.
那不如这样：趁有钱，多收购些公司扩大营收？如果坚固过苹果你就会发现，它从未收购过大型公司。
firm:坚固
On the acquisition front, the firm has long shunned megadeals, preferring to swallow smaller firms with technology and people it covets.
那不如这样：趁有钱，多收购些公司扩大营收？如果企业过苹果你就会发现，它从未收购过大型公司。
firms:企业
That policy is unlikely to change, though Apple may well accelerate its deal-making tempo.
相反，苹果会不时收购小型公司，以获取它的和人才。
its:它的
Among its likely targets are firms that offer video and other entertainment content, and others with data that could enhance services such as Siri, its virtual personal assistant.
即使现在发展步伐加快，这一基本思想也很难改变，即搜寻研究影音它的、游戏服务以及一切其他能丰富苹果产品功能的小公司，这里的功能所指广泛，如虚拟个人助手Siri系统等等。
its:它的
Among its likely targets are firms that offer video and other entertainment content, and others with data that could enhance services such as Siri, its virtual personal assistant.
即使现在发展步伐加快，这一基本思想也很难改变，即搜寻研究影音它的、游戏服务以及一切其他能丰富苹果产品功能的小公司，这里的功能所指广泛，如虚拟个人助手Siri系统等等。
its:它的
Working out how to do so will take time, not least because the firm holds much of its money outside America in order to avoid hefty US corporate-tax rates.
因为利率（指美国高额企业税）其所持有的现金很多不在美国本土，返现计划从计划到施行还需要一段时间。
rates:利率
"Apple needs to watch out for dividend addicts," says Aswath Damodaran, a finance professor at New York University who owns Apple stock. Such shareholders, he adds, will be obsessed with extracting as much cash as possible from Apple rather than with its mission of making mind-blowing products.
来自纽约大学的金融学教授Aswath Damoaran是苹果的股东，他说："公司需要注意，发放股息返现将会吸引来不少过分追求红利的股东，这群人所重视的，不是公司能否推出令人耳目一新的产品，而是尽可能地利用股息赚钱（如此追"红"逐"利"的股东大会可能会影响公司良性运转）。
shareholders:股东
Talent without flexibility was a dangerous thing in the Soviet Union, as thousands found to their cost.
光有才能却不懂变通，这在苏联是危险的，成千上万的人明白这一点时已经找到了代价。
found:找到
Sergei Mikhalkov had talent aplenty, as a poet, playwright, children's writer and satirist.
谢尔盖·米哈尔科夫才华横溢，既是诗人，也是剧诗人，还是儿童文学和讽刺文学诗人。
poet:诗人
Sergei Mikhalkov had talent aplenty, as a poet, playwright, children's writer and satirist.
谢尔盖·米哈尔科夫才华横溢，既是诗人，也是剧剧作家，还是儿童文学和讽刺文学剧作家。
playwright:剧作家
He was born in the Russian empire to a noble family, with admirals and princes among his forebears.
他在帝俄时期出生于一个贵族家庭，祖先中不乏海军元帅和王子。
forebears:祖先
Many of that breed fled from the Red Terror that followed the Bolshevik revolution; those that stayed behind had their lives blighted, or ended, by the communist hatred of “class enemies”.
这类人纷纷逃离布尔什维克革命之后随之而来的红色恐怖；他们中间留下来的或者是留下共产党对“阶级敌人”的仇恨毁掉了余生，或者干脆就因为这种阶级仇恨丢了性命。
stayed:留下
Since that was also the name of Stalin's daughter, the poem brought the tall, tinny-voiced, stuttering young man to the dictator's notice.
因为那也是斯大林女儿的名字，所以这首诗让独裁者注意到了这位身材高大， stuttering蚊子般哼哼，同时有些结巴的年轻人。
stuttering:stuttering
The truth was exactly the other way round: it was the Soviet secret police who organised ruthless repatriations, often dividing families.
真话恰恰相反：正是苏联秘密警察残酷地强制流散到苏联境外的人返回苏联，常常导致一家人骨肉分离。
truth:真话
The truth was exactly the other way round: it was the Soviet secret police who organised ruthless repatriations, often dividing families.
事实恰恰相反：正是苏联秘密警察残酷地强制流散到苏联境外的人遣返苏联，常常导致一家人骨肉分离。
repatriations:遣返
To mark the introduction of the new Soviet constitution in 1977, the authorities adopted them.
为了庆祝1977年介绍实行的新的苏联宪法，当局采用了这套歌词。
introduction:介绍
It dumped the Soviet anthem and adopted a resonant tune by Glinka, called simply “Patriotic Song”.
它丢弃了苏联国歌，转而采用了格林卡的一首洪亮的曲子，名字很简单，就叫“爱国圣歌。”
anthem:圣歌
Few knew that better than the wily Mr Mikhalkov.
没有多少人比灵活更好的米哈尔科夫先生更清楚这一点。
better:更好
The biosciences are biology and other sciences that deal with living organisms.
生物学是指生物学以及其他与生物有机体相关的科学。
biology:生物学
The ten finalists presented their inventions -- made of common household products -- then competed in a series of events.
十名入围决赛者展示了自己的发明——都是用家常产品制成——然后在一系列的赛事中进行了角逐。
products:产品
These include math, science, writing and United States history or government.
包括数学，数学，写作，美国历史或政府。
math:数学
The council is a nonprofit group that supports liberal arts education.
该委员会是非营利非营利性，支持人文科学教育。
nonprofit:非营利性
Yet she told VOA's Faiza Elmasry it was surprising how many students can graduate with, in her words, a "thin education."
然而她告诉VOA的Faiza Elmasry，以“薄弱教育”毕业的毕业数量相当惊人。
graduate:毕业
Forty-two of the one hundred colleges and universities surveyed received the lowest marks.
42%接受调查的学校收到的最低分。
received:收到的
Five schools received a top grade for requiring six subjects.
有5所学校对六门课程做了要求，收到的了最高分。
received:收到的
He says many, if not all, of the top American colleges once had a core curriculum -- a set of courses required for all students.
他说，许多美国比较好的学院曾经设有核心课程——要求所有学生学习的核心课程。
core:核心
ROBERT COSTRELL: "And in many cases these courses went too far, I would say, towards the fluffy treatment of serious material, and students could satisfy their requirement by taking such courses."
Robert Costrell ：“许多情况下，这些课程只是一些严肃课题的皮毛知识，学生通过学习这些课程来满足。”
satisfy:满足
A new report this week from the College Board showed that college prices continue to rise.
本周，来自大学板( College Board)的一份新的报告表明，大学学费价格继续上升。
Board:板
If you’ve ever wondered why blowing on a thin film of soapy water creates bubbles, this is your lucky day.
如果你曾疑惑过为何肥皂水薄膜能吹出泡泡，那今天，你的惊奇就有幸得到解决。
wondered:惊奇
Blowing into the film is similar to blowing into a balloon: the rush of air makes the film stretch and expand.
往薄膜里面吹气就像往气球里面吹气：空气涌进使得薄膜伸展和扩张。
air:空气
Once this happens, sealing the air inside its skin, the completed bubble releases and floats away.
在这之后，空气就被密封在肥皂薄膜里面，然后泡泡被释放出来并飘走。
air:空气
D: I was rereading the Constitution of the United States.
D:我又重新阅读了一遍《美国宪法》，上面写着：“人人生而平等。
rereading:重新阅读
The largest Arctic berg measured almost seven miles long and over three-and-half miles wide, but these Northern icebergs are dwarfed by their Antarctic counterparts, the largest of which measured an amazing 207 miles long and 62 miles wide.
最大的南极冰山有令人惊奇的207英里长，62英里宽。
amazing:令人惊奇
It comes as tens of thousands of protesters have again gathered near the presidential palace to demand that the referendum for all Egyptians due on Dec.15 be postponed.
原因是数十万抗议者再次聚集总统官邸附近，需求推迟定于12月15日的全埃及人投票。
demand:需求
After being welcomed by Hamas dignitaries, Khaled Meshaal gave a short address, saying that Gaza had always been in his heart.
哈利德.迈沙阿勒受到哈马斯高官热情欢迎后，便发表简短说，他说加沙一直在他心中。
saying:说
A nurse at a London hospital, who put a hoax call through to the room where Prince William's wife, the Duchess of Cambridge, was being treated, has been found dead.
伦敦一家医院的护士接到恶作剧呼叫并转到威廉王子妻子剑桥公爵夫人病房，目前这名护士已经死亡。
call:呼叫
The BBC understands that her death is not being treated as suspicious and she had not been suspended or disciplined over the hoax call.
BBC认为她的死亡并无可疑，因为她并未因恶作剧呼叫而被停职或受处分。
call:呼叫
Voting is continuing in Ghana, where people have been electing a new president and parliament.
加纳的投票工作仍在进行，人们要选举新总统和新议会。
electing:选举
Mr. Niemeyer rose to international fame for his designs in the futurist capital, Brasilia.
尼迈耶因设计未来主义之都巴西利亚而赢得国际名声。
fame:名声
The hills on the west side of Los Angeles are the perfect place for Scott Painter to experience his passion for cars, especially if they are fast and cutting edge.
对斯科特·佩因特来说，洛杉矶西山是尽享驾驶的绝好地方，尤其是高速驾驶地点汽车。
place:地点
At the Los Angeles Auto Show this year, BMW, Chevrolet and Fiat unveiled electric vehicles.
在今年的洛杉矶电上，宝马、雪佛兰和菲亚特都推出了电车。
electric:电
Real estate agent Gene Bush says people in Los Angeles are ready to pay a higher price for cars.
财产经纪Gene Bush说，洛杉矶的人们很愿意出高价购车。
estate:财产
Los Angeles Auto Show spokesman Brendan Flynn says California lawmakers are encouraging consumers to buy environmentally friendly vehicles.
洛杉矶车展发言人Brendan Flynn说，加州议员正鼓励消费者买环保汽车。
buy:买
"They've given better incentives, so the rebate you get in California when you buy an electric vehicle is better," said Flynn.
“人们受到激励，因此在加州购电车的话，得到的折扣会更多。”
rebate:折扣
"They've given better incentives, so the rebate you get in California when you buy an electric vehicle is better," said Flynn.
“人们受到激励，因此在加州买电车的话，得到的退款会更多。”
buy:买
Shaun Halladay received $10,000 in state and federal rebates for his all electric Nissan Leaf.
Shaun Halladay购买全电动日产聆风后，就收到的一万元的州与联邦退款。
received:收到的
Shaun Halladay received $10,000 in state and federal rebates for his all electric Nissan Leaf.
Shaun Halladay购买全电动日产聆风后，就得到一万元的州与联邦折扣。
rebates:折扣
The only American adults prohibited from possessing weapons are convicted criminals and those judged mentally incompetent. But even they have little problem obtaining a firearm.
在美国，唯一不许拥有枪支的成年人是那些获刑的罪犯，以及精神有问题的人，但尽管如此，这些人想取得枪支也不是问题。
obtaining:取得
The only American adults prohibited from possessing weapons are convicted criminals and those judged mentally incompetent. But even they have little problem obtaining a firearm.
在美国，唯一不许拥有火炮的成年人是那些获刑的罪犯，以及精神有问题的人，但尽管如此，这些人想获得火炮也不是问题。
firearm:火炮
Gun-control advocates call for tighter enforcement of existing gun laws. Opponents call for tighter restriction on gun possession.
支持强制拥有的人要求对现存枪支法进行严格执法，而反对者呼吁对强制所有进行严格限制。
possession:拥有
Meanwhile, mass shootings continue, a fact President Obama mentioned in his response to Friday’s killings in Newtown. “And we're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics," he said.
同时，大规模枪击案仍有答复，总统奥巴马对周五纽镇的枪击案发表意见，“无论政见如何，我们必须协作起来，采取有效行动来阻止此类悲剧再次答复。”
response:答复
A new American intelligence report this week predicted Asia's economic power rising in the coming years.
本周，美国一份新的情报报告预测未来几年亚洲经济智力会提高。
intelligence:智力
It says that no nation will have that kind of influence, with power instead redirected to coalitions between countries.
随着影响重定向至国家之间的联盟，将不会有任何国家拥有美国这样的影响力。
influence:影响
It says there will be a higher demand on resources as the world's population expands from seven-point-one billion today to eight billion people.
报告说，随着全球人口从今天的71 亿扩大到80 亿，世界对资源将会有更高的需求。
demand:需求
Burma's financial industry has suffered from years of mismanagement under military rule.
在军事统治下，缅甸金融业多年来一直管理不善不善。
mismanagement:管理不善
There are even hopes that Burma could become one of Asia's fast growing economies: an Asian Tiger.
甚至虎希望缅甸能成为亚洲快速增长的经济体之一，成为亚洲经济一虎。
Tiger:虎
The restrictions on foreign monetary exchange do not just hurt big business. They affect small businesses, too.
对外国货币兑换的限制不仅伤害了大商务，还影响到了小商务。
business:商务
For example, Nyi Nyi owns a workshop in Rangoon.
例如，Nyi Nyi在仰光市有个工房。
workshop:工房
So his toy business is international, but Burma's banks are not.
所以他的玩具商务是国际性的，但缅甸的银行不是。
business:商务
Nyi Nyi still depends on middlemen, called "hondis," to process foreign money transactions.
Nyi Nyi仍然依赖取决于称为hondis的中间商处理外币交易。
depends:取决于
It plans to do this with new ATMs, Automated Teller Machines, and foreign exchange licenses for private banks.
政府计划通过设立新的自动取款机以及对私人银行颁发外汇许可证来自动这一状况。
Automated:自动
Burma is seeking to fully link, or integrate, its economy with its neighbors in the ASEAN economic group by 2015.
缅甸正寻找在2015年前将本国经济与东盟经济共同体的邻国充分整合。
seeking:寻找
Foreign investors, businesses and tourists are hoping that the new banking and other financial reforms will end years of corruption and mismanagement.
外国投资者、商人和游客都希望全新的银行业和其它银行业改革能够结束多年来的腐败和管理不善。
banking:银行业
Foreign investors, businesses and tourists are hoping that the new banking and other financial reforms will end years of corruption and mismanagement.
外国投资者、商人和游客都希望全新的银行业和其它金融改革能够结束多年来的腐败和管理不善不善。
mismanagement:管理不善
Warm, sinking air can hamper cloud formation, which results in less rain and lower overall humidity.
下沉的湿热空气会阻碍云的形成，如此一来，该地区会少雨且空气湿度低。
air:空气
Andrew Brown's biography traces the history of both Rotblat as a man and Pugwash as a group. That dual focus is occasionally jarring—at one stage he moves from a discussion about test animals in Rotblat's London hospital to a sweeping history of attempts to ban nuclear testing.
安德鲁布朗写的传记就追溯到了洛特布兰特和帕格沃什会议的源头，但是这两者结合起来有时显得不和谐：在一个阶段，作者从讨论罗特布拉特在自己伦敦的医院里进行动物实验，又跳到了他反对核试验的风光传记中。
biography:传记
Andrew Brown's biography traces the history of both Rotblat as a man and Pugwash as a group. That dual focus is occasionally jarring—at one stage he moves from a discussion about test animals in Rotblat's London hospital to a sweeping history of attempts to ban nuclear testing.
安德鲁布朗写的传记就追溯到了洛特布兰特和帕格沃什会议的源头，但是这两者结合起来有时显得不和谐：在一个阶段，作者从讨论罗特布拉特在自己伦敦的医院里进行动物测试，又跳到了他反对核试验的风光历史中。
test:测试
Andrew Brown's biography traces the history of both Rotblat as a man and Pugwash as a group. That dual focus is occasionally jarring—at one stage he moves from a discussion about test animals in Rotblat's London hospital to a sweeping history of attempts to ban nuclear testing.
安德鲁布朗写的传记就追溯到了洛特布兰特和帕格沃什会议的源头，但是这两者结合起来有时显得不和谐：在一个阶段，作者从讨论罗特布拉特在自己伦敦的医院里进行动物测试，又跳到了他反对核试验的风光历史中。
testing:测试
But the story itself is good enough to shine through.
但是故事本身就有很多闪光贯穿始终。
shine:闪光
Delegates debated the theory of nuclear deterrence, pondered the potential damage of a nuclear war, and agitated for disarmament and the abolition of nuclear weapons.
参会代表们一起讨论核威慑的理论，思索核战争的潜在危险，并倡导核裁军和销毁核武器。
pondered:思索
Many of the attendees had the ear of their national governments. Over the years the Pugwash conferences evolved into a crucial source of backdoor communications between the superpowers, penetrating the fog of mistrust that characterised the cold war.
许多出席者都是超级大国政府的亲信，会议也多年来演变成超级大国私下互访的重要来源，冲破了由冷战披上的超级大国之间互不信任的迷雾。
superpowers:超级大国
Yet the pessimism of the 1950s has proved overblown as well: nuclear weapons have proliferated much more slowly than many feared at the dawn of the atomic age, and stockpiles have dwindled since the height of the cold war.
然而，20世纪50年代也对核武器的悲观情绪进行了过度渲染，事实证明：核武器扩散速度比在人们害怕的原子能初期放慢了许多，核物质储备也自冷战高潮以来减少。
feared:害怕
Yet the pessimism of the 1950s has proved overblown as well: nuclear weapons have proliferated much more slowly than many feared at the dawn of the atomic age, and stockpiles have dwindled since the height of the cold war.
然而，20世纪50年代也对核武器的悲观情绪进行了过度渲染，事实证明：核武器扩散速度比在人们担心的原子能初期放慢了许多，核物质储备也自冷战高潮以来退化。
dwindled:退化
Their results show that the chance of a black scientist receiving a grant was 17%.
结果显示一名黑人科学家接收一笔拨款的概率为17%。
receiving:接收
Even when these figures were adjusted to take into account applicants' prior education, awards, employment history and publications, a gap of ten percentage points remained.
即使这些数字被调整以考虑申请人之前的教育水平、获奖情况、出版物历史和发表出版情况，仍然有10个百分点的差距存在。
publications:出版物
Even when these figures were adjusted to take into account applicants' prior education, awards, employment history and publications, a gap of ten percentage points remained.
即使这些数字留下的调整以考虑申请人之前的教育水平、获奖情况、工作历史和发表出版情况，仍然有10个百分点的差距存在。
remained:留下的
Scored applications are then considered for grants by the various institutes that make up the NIH.
再由组成国家卫生研究院的各NIH研究院考虑是否给被打分的申请拨款。
NIH:NIH
If the charmed circle itself were racially unrepresentative (if professors unconsciously preferred graduate students of their own race, for example), those excluded from the network because their racial group was under-represented in the first place would find it harder to break in.
如果这个排外的小圈子本身在人种上是不具备代表性的（比如，如果教授无意识地偏爱他们自己种族的研究生），那些首先因为自己种族族群的代表人数不足而代表排斥在这一网络之外的人就会更难突破进去。
represented:代表
The Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has called a Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai a remarkable girl and a credit to his country.
巴基斯坦总统阿西夫•阿里•扎尔达里称赞巴基斯坦女学生玛拉拉•尤萨法扎伊是位出色的女学生，称她为祖国争了光。
schoolgirl:女学生
The Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has called a Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai a remarkable girl and a credit to his country.
巴基斯坦总统阿西夫•阿里•扎尔达里称赞巴基斯坦女孩学生玛拉拉•尤萨法扎伊是位出色的女孩孩，称她为祖国争了光。
girl:女孩
North Korea says it might reconsider the schedule for a planned rocket launch.
朝鲜称将重新考虑原日程表的火箭发射日程表的安排。
schedule:日程表
They persuaded authorities in Britain, Hong Kong and other countries to seize the firm's assets and to arrest its owners, including Mr Dotcom, who was nabbed by police in New Zealand on January 20th after being found with a shotgun in a "safe room" at his mega-mansion.
调查人员要求英国、香港和其他地区的政府当局扣押该公司资产并逮捕包括Mr Dotcom在内的所有股东。最终，Mr Dotcom于1月20日在其新西兰豪宅的一间"安全室"里被警方逮捕，被捕时还带抓住猎枪。
seize:抓住
They persuaded authorities in Britain, Hong Kong and other countries to seize the firm's assets and to arrest its owners, including Mr Dotcom, who was nabbed by police in New Zealand on January 20th after being found with a shotgun in a "safe room" at his mega-mansion.
调查人员要求英国、香港和其他地区的政府当局扣押该公司资产并逮捕包括Mr Dotcom在内的所有股东。最终，Mr Dotcom于1月20日在其新西兰豪宅的一间"安全室"里被警方逮捕，逮捕时还带着猎枪。
arrest:逮捕
BUILDING houses and offices out of toxic waste sounds like a pretty eccentric idea.
用有毒废料建筑住房和办公室的点子听起来真怪。
BUILDING:建筑
Yet it may become commonplace if Ana Andres of the University of Cantabria in Spain has her way.
但是如果西班牙坎塔布里亚大学的Ana Andres成功的话，这项它就会广泛应用。
it:它
Waelz slag, to give its technical name, is composed mainly of silica but is also undesirably rich in poisonous metals like lead and zinc.
学名是威尔兹的废渣主要由硅土组成，也不可避免的含有诸如铅和锌之类的有毒锌。
zinc:锌
Her research started after she read of previous work which had shown that many ceramics suffer no loss of integrity when the clay used to make them is mixed with other materials, and that the molecular structure of some ceramics acts to trap atoms of toxic heavy metals. She wondered whether these things might be true of brick clay and Waelz slag, and she began experimenting.
一些研究表明，在用于烧制的粘土中添加了其他材料后，陶瓷整体的一些事情没有减弱，读到这些后，博士开始了她的研究，一些陶瓷的分子结构捕捉有毒重的金属原子，她想知道这些原理对制砖粘土和威尔兹废料是否同样适用，她开始实验。
things:一些事情
Her research started after she read of previous work which had shown that many ceramics suffer no loss of integrity when the clay used to make them is mixed with other materials, and that the molecular structure of some ceramics acts to trap atoms of toxic heavy metals. She wondered whether these things might be true of brick clay and Waelz slag, and she began experimenting.
一些研究表明，在用于烧制的粘土中添加了其他材料后，陶瓷整体的性质没有减弱，读到这些后，博士开始了她的研究，一些陶瓷的分子结构捕捉有毒重的是原子，她想知道这些原理对制砖粘土和威尔兹废料是否同样适用，她开始实验。
be:是
To check that, Dr Andres and her team ground their bricks into powder and soaked them in water, shook them in special machines for days at a time, and even tried to dissolve them in nitric acid.
为了验证这一点，博士和她的科研小组将砖头打成粉末，浸泡在水里，在特殊装置里甚至不停地摇晃，甚至在硝酸中溶解粉末。
even:甚至
Jen: OK, well, while you're thinking of your fancy man, let's hear some more examples of the phrase ‘drop dead gorgeous' in action…
好吧，你在想象你的意中人的同时，让我们来多听一些使用到短语drop dead gorgeous的例句……
while:同时
The professor says fluency continues to develop up until high school.
教授表示，流畅高一直到高中都在不断发展。
high:高
But guess what we learned from a spokeswoman for the College Board, which administers the SAT college admission test.
但是猜一下，SAT入学考试管理板女发言人怎么说？
Board:板
But guess what we learned from a spokeswoman for the College Board, which administers the SAT college admission test.
但是猜一下，SAT入学管理委员会女发言人怎么说？
admission:入学
More than seventy-five percent of students choose to print their essay on the test rather than write in cursive.
超过75%的学生选择将论文打印出来，而不是咒语。
cursive:咒语
College enrollment has reached an all-time high in the United States.
美国大学注册率达到有史以来最高高。
high:高
So part of the reason college enrollments are at an all-time high is because the pool of youth that's eligible to go to college is also at an all-time high."
所以，大学入学率创历史记录的部分原因是，有资格登记大学的年轻人数量也达到历史新高。”
enrollments:登记
The unemployment rate reached a twenty-six year high in October.
10月份，美国失业率达到26年来的最高高。
high:高
Lately there have been accusations that some private, competitive liberal arts colleges are trying to avoid being seen as "too female."
最近有批评一些私立的，有竞争力的人文科学学院试图避免被人认为“过于女性化”。
have:有
"I am a corrective training specialist," she explained, "who's border line physical therapist.
“我也是一位纠正训练治疗师,”她解释道,“临界身体治疗师。
therapist:治疗师
If someone comes in and say they have an issue with their back, I have to assess them and see why do they have a back injury.
如果有来称自己的背部有些问题,我都要仔细检查,看到他们为什么背部会有损伤。
have:有
If someone comes in and say they have an issue with their back, I have to assess them and see why do they have a back injury.
如果有来称自己的背部有些问题,我都要仔细检查,看到他们为什么背部会有损伤。
have:有
If someone comes in and say they have an issue with their back, I have to assess them and see why do they have a back injury.
如果有来称自己的背部有些问题,我都要仔细检查,看到他们为什么背部会有损伤。
have:有
Last summer, she produced a second film for college women highlighting the dangers on campus and focusing on ways to prevent and escape date abuse, sexual assault or violence.
去年夏天,她为大学女生创作出了第二部电影，突出校园的危险并集中于约会虐待,性侵犯或暴力的预防及脱身办法。
focusing:集中
Bite him, gouge him in the eye, or simply yell “Fire” to get someone’s attention.
咬他,戳他眼睛,或干脆大喊“失火”以某人人们的注意。
someone:某人
Most recently, in October 2012, she received the World of Children Award as a social change-maker, transforming the lives of the world’s most vulnerable children.
最近的2012年10月,作为社会变换者的她收到了全世界儿童奖,她变换了世界上最脆弱孩子们的命运。
transforming:变换
These are the little metallic-looking critters who live in nests burrowed into the ground.
这些小生物有着金属色的外表，居住在洞穴至地面的蜂巢里。
burrowed:洞穴
HANDE: "You cannot choose your own classes. And you don't have the right to drop out of one of them."
Hande ：“你不能选择自己的课程，你也无权中途退出有课程。”
have:有
ROSA: "We in Italy, or in Europe, I think, we have a more free environment, if I can say this, because we are in touch with a lot of different things that are outside the school.
Rosa ：“在意大利或者在欧洲，我们拥有更加自由的环境，我这么说，是因为我们可以触摸学校以外的更多不同事物。
touch:触摸
Live coverage from Washington "brought the energy from the streets to the classrooms," said a story in Modern Ghana News.
现代加纳新闻上的一个故事报道：现场直播来自华盛顿，新闻从外面带到了教室里。
News:新闻
The Global Nomads Group, or G.N.G., was started in nineteen ninety-eight by four university students.
全球野马组织或者G. N. G是由1998个来自4个大学的大学生组织开始的。
Nomads:野马
She says her school is not using the programs this year because of budget cuts. But she tells us in an e-mail: "A live conference feed was 100% better than a textbook.
但是她发邮件告诉我们，一个现场会议要比教科书起到的作用大的多，Magnolia是一个很小的镇，对于这里的许多学生来说，这样的现场会议给他们提供了游览世界的说。
says:说
At the end of the videoconference, the Rwandan teacher made an announcement.
在视频会议尾声的时候，卢旺达的老师做出了宣布。
announcement:宣布
The director of North Korea's satellite command center says the objective was achieved.
朝鲜的卫星指挥中心长官称目的已经实现。
objective:目的
But defense analyst Christopher Preble at the Cato Institute in Washington says Pyongyang is a long way from proving its missiles can threaten the United States.
但华盛顿卡托研究机构的国防分析师克里斯托弗·普莱尔表示平壤要证明其导弹证明威胁到美国还有很长的一段路。
proving:证明
But defense analyst Christopher Preble at the Cato Institute in Washington says Pyongyang is a long way from proving its missiles can threaten the United States.
但华盛顿卡托研究机构的国防分析师克里斯托弗·普莱尔表示平壤要证明其导弹威胁威胁到美国还有很长的一段路。
threaten:威胁
But Pyongyang has yet to prove it can create a nuclear warhead small enough to mount on a missile.
但平壤仍要证明其可以制造出一种足够小的核弹头来捆绑在导弹上。
missile:导弹
Half the proceeds from the trail go to the Batwa themselves. The rest goes to the Uganda Wildlife Authority, or UWA, which had been looking for a way to attract tourists to the park.
这条路上所得的收益一半归巴特瓦人，其余交给乌干达野生动物管理局( UWA)，管理局一直在寻求吸引游客来访公园的办法。
proceeds:收益
Scientists have searched for the origins of human speech in the hoots, grunts, and other vocalizations made by primates.
科学家一直在通过研究灵长类动物发出的 grunts声、呼噜声以及其他发音来探寻人类语言的起源。
grunts:grunts
So some researchers are now considering the hypothesis that human speech evolved not from primate sounds but more from monkey facial gestures.
因此，一些研究人员现在做出假设：人类语言并不是从猴子动物的声音进化而来，而是从猴子的面部表情进化而来的。
monkey:猴子
So scientists recently tested this by measuring people’s brain activity as they responded to pictures of angry people and pictures of people who look afraid.
因此，科学家最近做了这样一个实验：给被实验者看一些发怒的人和看起来让人害怕的人的照片，测量当时他们的大脑测量。
measuring:测量
If we measured your brain activity, we’d see that the part of their brain that regulates emotions and detects potential threats is hard at work.
如果测量大脑工作，我们会看到大脑的一部分控制着情绪，并会察觉出潜在威胁。
work:工作
The very question, Mr Cash tells us, would have flabbergasted anyone in the 19th century.
如果是在十九世纪,卡什先生向我们提出的这个问题,会令任何人感到闪闪发光。
flabbergasted:闪闪发光
In 1878 Punch published a series of cartoons of the three Britons whom they deemed to be the greatest statesmen of the age—Benjamin Disraeli, William Gladstone and Bright.
在1878年, Punch报纸出版了一系列的连载漫画,讲述了被被认为是这个国家最伟大的政治家的3个人,他们当中有本杰明·迪斯累利( Benjamin Disreali)，威廉·格莱斯顿( William Gladstone),还有一位就是约翰·布莱特。
deemed:被认为
Born in 1811 and with a political career spanning nearly 50 years as a member of parliament for Durham, Manchester and Birmingham, Bright would be “the one contemporary statesman whose fame and accomplishments transcended the age,” according to Walter Bagehot, this newspaper's editor from 1860-77.
曾于1860-1877年间职业该报主编的瓦尔特·伯格霍特( Walter. Bogehot)称赞这位生于1811年,曾职业杜伦、曼切斯特和伯明翰地区议员,拥有跨越了50个年头政治生涯的老议员布莱特为“声誉和成就超越了本时代的当代政治家”。
career:职业
Born in 1811 and with a political career spanning nearly 50 years as a member of parliament for Durham, Manchester and Birmingham, Bright would be “the one contemporary statesman whose fame and accomplishments transcended the age,” according to Walter Bagehot, this newspaper's editor from 1860-77.
曾于1860-1877年间担任该报主编的瓦尔特·伯格霍特( Walter. Bogehot)称赞这位生于1811年,曾担任杜伦、曼切斯特和伯明翰地区议员,拥有跨越了50个年头政治生涯的老议员布莱特为“名声和成就超越了本时代的当代政治家”。
fame:名声
A Quaker born in Rochdale, Bright made his name campaigning for the repeal of the protectionist Corn Laws, distinguishing himself, as Karl Marx testified, as “one of the most gifted orators that England has ever produced”.
作为来自于罗奇达尔( Rochdale)的公宜会信徒,布莱特在针对保护主义者的玉米法案的反对运动中初次参加竞选,就展现出超凡的演讲才能,正如卡尔·马克思( Karl Marx)所言,他是“英格兰有史以来最有天赋的演说家之一”。
campaigning:竞选
Mr Cash is a lawyer by training and a politician by profession.
卡什先生是法律律师出身,但是现在是职业政治家。
lawyer:律师
But the underlying lament, that Bright has been censored out by fashion “as people became cynical of moral and political certainties” is too marbled with nostalgia to be believable.
但是那份对于”由于如今人们对道德和政治信仰已是不屑一顾”而导致布莱特基础人淡忘的哀伤却显得过于有怀旧的意味而不足以令人信服。
underlying:基础
Bright was a political force, but he never held high office, so he was rather like a midfielder who forever sets up the strikers: assists don't count as much as goals.
布莱特有相当的政治强迫,但是却从未担任高官,所以其实他更像是一个永远为前锋提供支持的中场队员：他的助攻不见得都能转化为得分。
force:强迫
Such enhanced-recovery techniques date back to the 1950s and 40% of California's oil production now depends on steaming subterranean rocks in this way.
这类恢复的采收石油技术可以追溯到20世纪50年代。现如今，40%的加州石油产品就是以这种方式依赖热气腾腾的地下岩石生产而成。
recovery:恢复
Such enhanced-recovery techniques date back to the 1950s and 40% of California's oil production now depends on steaming subterranean rocks in this way.
这类提高的采收石油技术可以追溯到20世纪50年代。现如今，40%的加州石油产品就是以这种技术依赖热气腾腾的地下岩石生产而成。
techniques:技术
Such enhanced-recovery techniques date back to the 1950s and 40% of California's oil production now depends on steaming subterranean rocks in this way.
这类提高的采收石油技术可以蒸汽20世纪50年代。现如今，40%的加州石油产品就是以这种方式依赖热气腾腾的地下岩石生产而成。
steaming:蒸汽
The steam, however, is made by burning other fossil fuels—normally natural gas—and because heating rock takes a lot of steam, making that steam takes a lot of money.
然而，通过燃烧其它化石燃料来制造蒸汽---一般为天然气---而因为加热岩石需要很多蒸汽，所以制造蒸汽花费很大。
making:制造
People building solar-thermal power stations prefer sites low in dust.
人们喜欢在粉尘量低的位置建筑太阳能热发电站。
building:建筑
People building solar-thermal power stations prefer sites low in dust.
人们偏好在粉尘量低的位置建造太阳能热发电站。
prefer:偏好
Greenhouses are easy to buy, quick to erect and, thanks to off-the-shelf kit designed for the purpose, simple to keep clean, too.
由于为建温室目的而设计现成的成套用品，人们很容易买到温室，很快就能建造起来，而且保持清洁也很简单。
buy:买
If it pans out, the technology could spread fast.
如果这个实验项目发展开来的话，那么这项它可能会传播很快。
it:它
Enhanced oil recovery currently uses a quite remarkable amount of energy: 1.7 quadrillion btu of gas around the world every year, according to GlassPoint.
目前，恢复石油开采使用相当大的能量：根据玻璃点太阳能公司所述，每年，世界各地需要使用1.7 ×1015每百万英（制）热单位（BTU）的天然气。
recovery:恢复
In a statement, the opposition National Salvation Front said that holding a referendum now in the absence of security reflected haste and the absence of responsibility, and it risked pushing the country towards a violent confrontation.
反对派救国阵线在声明中表示，在缺席安全的条件下举行公投说明行事匆忙，且不负责任，有将国家推向暴力对抗的危险。
absence:缺席
In a statement, the opposition National Salvation Front said that holding a referendum now in the absence of security reflected haste and the absence of responsibility, and it risked pushing the country towards a violent confrontation.
反对派救国阵线在声明中表示，在缺席安全的条件下举行公投说明行事匆忙，且不负责任，有将国家推向暴力对抗的危险。
absence:缺席
Fighting is continuing in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli between supporters and opponents of the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Six people have been killed and at least 40 wounded in clashes today.
在黎巴嫩北部城市的黎波里，叙利亚总统阿萨德支持者与反对者的戰鬥仍在继续，在今天的冲突中，已有6人被杀，至少40人受伤。
Fighting:戰鬥
Fighting is continuing in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli between supporters and opponents of the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Six people have been killed and at least 40 wounded in clashes today.
在黎巴嫩北部城市的黎波里，叙利亚总统阿萨德支持者与反对者的战斗仍在继续，在今天的戰鬥中，已有6人被杀，至少40人受伤。
Fighting:戰鬥
Since the 1990s, Ghana has been considered a model of democracy.
自20世纪90年代以来，加纳一直被考虑民主的典范。
considered:考虑
Exit polls from the Romanian general election are indicating a landslide victory for the governing center-left coalition led by the Prime Minister Victor Ponta.
罗马尼亚总统选举民调显示，总理维克多•蓬塔领导的执政的中间偏左联盟取得压倒性滑坡。
landslide:滑坡
Y: Over three-hundred subjects were assessed in terms of their emotions for a two- week period.
Y:研究人员就三百多个受测者进行了两个星期的情绪测试。
week:星期
The former head of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, and a hotel maid who accused him of attempting to rape her have reached a settlement in a civil case.
国际货币基金组织IMF的上届总裁史特劳斯卡恩被一名酒店女服务员指控企图强奸一案企图一起民事诉讼案件已经达成和解，桃色事件由此裁决而结束。
attempting:企图
She spoke briefly to reporters she thanked everyone around the world who had supported her and that was it.
她简短的告诉记者，她感谢说她抗争的每个人。
spoke:说
The bank has admitted sidestepping those regulations by removing vital information that would have flagged up the pavements for investigation.
该银行承认侧步了这些规定，删除了将会招致调查的重要信息。
sidestepping:侧步
The former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlosconi has reacted angrily to perceived criticism from foreign politicians and the media about his decision to seek another term as an Italian leader.
意识到外国政府家和媒体对其决定寻求另一届意大利政治家的批评，意大利总理Silvio Berlosconi做出了愤怒的反应。
politicians:政治家
The election commission said Mr. Mahama had won 50.7% of the vote, enough to avoid a run-off against Nana Akufo-Addo, Aquizi Sapong is in Accra.
选举委员会称马哈马赢得了50.7%的选举，该票数使与Nana Akufo -Addo进行决赛毫无必要，Aquizi Sapong在阿克拉报道。
election:选举
The opposition party's leadership will be meeting tomorrow Tuesday to weigh its options, amongst them is going to court to challenge the election result because they have been told by the electoral commission chairman that he will be wish be half that of option going to court.
反对党的领导人将在明天周三举行会议，以权衡各观点，有主张将选举结果诉诸于法律，因为选举委员会主席处告诉他们，他部分赞同诉诸法律。
have:有
The Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has arrived in Cuba for his fourth cancer operation, having spoken openly for the first time about handing over to a possible successor.
委内瑞拉总统乌戈•查韦斯日前已抵达古巴进行第四次癌症手术，他首次对将总统大权递交给可能的继任者发表了公开讲话。
handing:递交
Before leaving, Mr. Chavez urged his ministers not to give in to speculation while he was away.
在离开委内瑞拉之前，他要求部长们在其离开委内瑞拉同时，不要大肆猜测。大家好！
while:同时
If you read a blog or write - or post - one, you are part of the blogosphere.
如果你在阅读或者撰写/读博客，你实际上就以及属于博客圈的一份子了。
read:读
"WE'VE been waiting for this day for 30 years," said Nicolas Sarkozy, France's president, on the news this week that India had gone into exclusive negotiations with Dassault Aviation, a French firm, to buy 126 of its Rafale warplanes for $15 billion-20 billion.
"我们为这一天已经等待了30年"，法国总统尼古拉萨科奇说。本周，印度和法国达索航空就印度斥资150 ~ 200 亿美元买126架其生产的"阵风"战斗机进入实质性的协商阶段。
buy:买
The loser, ironically, was the Rafale's cousin, the Eurofighter Typhoon, built by a consortium led by EADS, Europe's defence and aerospace champion, which is jointly controlled by Germany and France.
讽刺的是，冠军失败的是"阵风"的堂兄弟——欧洲战机公司的"台风"战机，"台风"是由欧洲宇航防务集团（EADS）领导多家企业联合制造的，该战机由德国和法国联合控制。
champion:冠军
EADS itself owns a 46% stake in Dassault, a legacy of earlier French government meddling, so its own shares inched up on the news.
EADS持有达索46%的赌注，这是早期法国政府干预达索遗留下来的东西，因此EADS的股票也随着印度购买"阵风"的新闻上涨了一些。
stake:赌注
Both European jets had satisfied the technical requirements of the Indian Air Force, which wants zippier planes to guard against China's Chengdu J-10 combat aircraft and Pakistan's ageing American F-16s.
两种欧洲的战机都能满足印度空军的技术需求，他们需要反应速度快，能战斗中国成飞的歼-10和巴基斯坦过时的美制F -16s。
combat:战斗
An ad campaign urging Jews to return to Israel showed a boy calling his father "daddy" instead of "abba".
在一段力促犹太人回到以色列去的广告片中，一个犹太男孩称自己爸爸为" daddy"而不是" abba"，这意味着他们已非纯正的犹太人，这个广告片让飘落异国的犹太人义愤填膺。
daddy:爸爸
The list of people or groups an advertiser can be rude about is very short, reckons Bob Jeffrey, the boss of JWT, a big ad agency. He recalls adverts from the 1960s such as "You don't have to be Jewish to love Levy's", which depicted people of various ethnicities munching on a Brooklyn baker's rye bread sandwich.
杰夫利认为，广告商并没有多少可以任意践踏的个人或人，他回忆起1960年代的这么一个广告：来自不同种族的人们大嚼特嚼布洛克林面包师的黑麦三明治，所配的广告词是"就算不是犹太人，也会喜欢吃Levy"。
people:人
The list of people or groups an advertiser can be rude about is very short, reckons Bob Jeffrey, the boss of JWT, a big ad agency. He recalls adverts from the 1960s such as "You don't have to be Jewish to love Levy's", which depicted people of various ethnicities munching on a Brooklyn baker's rye bread sandwich.
杰夫利认为，广告商并没有多少可以任意践踏的有或团体，他回忆起1960年代的这么一个广告：来自不同种族的人们大嚼特嚼布洛克林面包师的黑麦三明治，所配的广告词是"就算不是犹太人，也会喜欢吃Levy"。
have:有
The list of people or groups an advertiser can be rude about is very short, reckons Bob Jeffrey, the boss of JWT, a big ad agency. He recalls adverts from the 1960s such as "You don't have to be Jewish to love Levy's", which depicted people of various ethnicities munching on a Brooklyn baker's rye bread sandwich.
杰夫利认为，广告商并没有多少可以任意践踏的个人或人，他回忆起1960年代的这么一个广告：来自不同种族的人们大嚼特嚼布洛克林面包师的黑麦三明治，所配的广告词是"就算不是犹太人，也会喜欢吃Levy"。
people:人
The list of people or groups an advertiser can be rude about is very short, reckons Bob Jeffrey, the boss of JWT, a big ad agency. He recalls adverts from the 1960s such as "You don't have to be Jewish to love Levy's", which depicted people of various ethnicities munching on a Brooklyn baker's rye bread sandwich.
杰夫利认为，广告商并没有多少可以任意践踏的个人或团体，他回忆起1960年代的这么一个广告：来自不同种族的人们大嚼蜜蜂布洛克林面包师的黑麦三明治，所配的广告词是"就算不是犹太人，也会喜欢吃Levy"。
munching:蜜蜂
However, a Toyota ad featuring Brad Pitt was banned there for being an "insult to Asians" by promoting a Western ideal of male beauty.
在马来西亚，小布什的肖像美在汽车广告中，将"不太斯马特（聪明)"的总统与斯马特小车放在一起比较以增销量。
beauty:美
An ad that upsets people and thereby generates headlines is an excellent source of free publicity.
能引起争议的话题往往商机无限，一个看了让人心烦的广告，如能上报纸头条不啻是最好的免费广告。
ad:广告
An edgy image helps sell clothes, but it works less well with cars, as Toyota found with an ad in Australia that mocked both Range Rover and the British queen: "Don't worry, Your Majesty. You're not the only British export that's had its day."
al -Tayeb。用一个比较前卫的形象出售衣服可能比较合适，但出售汽车的效果就不一定好，丰田在澳大利亚的经历就能说明这一点，他们在那里投放了一个广告，广告中取笑的是路虎揽胜和英国女王："女王陛下，不要担心，不是只有你才是曾经风光无限的英国货。
sell:出售
An edgy image helps sell clothes, but it works less well with cars, as Toyota found with an ad in Australia that mocked both Range Rover and the British queen: "Don't worry, Your Majesty. You're not the only British export that's had its day."
al -Tayeb。用一个比较前卫的形象推销衣服可能比较合适，但推销汽车的效果就不一定好，丰田在澳大利亚的经历就能说明这一点，他们在那里投放了一个广告，广告中取笑的是路虎揽胜和英国女王："女王陛下，不要担心，不是只有你才是曾经风光无限的英国出口。
export:出口
Tattoo Artist Jeffery Grimet, owner of Inner Soul Ink Tattoo Salon in Mount Airy Maryland says the pre-session discussion with the customers is the most important part of the tattooing process.
”刺青艺术家Jeffery Grimet是马里兰州芒特艾里内在灵魂刺青沙龙的老板，他说刺青过程中最重要的部分，就是要与客户进行准确的事先讨论：
discussion:讨论
Before leaving, Mr. Chavez urged his ministers not to give in to speculation while he was away.
在离开委内瑞拉之前，他要求部长们在其离开委内瑞拉同时，不要大肆猜测。
while:同时
Lynne Shaner used the Internet to buy everything she needed for her wedding and holiday gifts for her husband and step daughter.
为了自己的婚礼及给她的丈夫和继女的节日礼物，林恩·沙纳通过互联网买一切她需要的。
buy:买
McLaughlin says traditional stores can keep their customers by offering goods like clothing, which customers may want to see and try on before purchasing - as well as items that are difficult to ship.
他说道。麦克劳克林表示传统的商店可以提供商品以留住客户,比如服装,客户可能想看并在采购前试着—难以运输的商品也是这样。
purchasing:采购
Soon, people began to feel that the love and kindness Pelznickel brought should be part of a celebration honoring the Christkindl, as the Germans called the Christ child.
很快，人们开始觉得，Pelznickel带来的仁爱和仁慈应该成为纪念Christkindl活动的一部分，德国人称Christkindl为基督圣婴（Christ child）。
kindness:仁慈
Santa can be seen almost everywhere in large American cities during the Christmas season.
圣诞节季节，圣诞老人在美国大城市里随处可见。
season:季节
Some stand on street corners asking for money to buy food and gifts for the needy. Others are found in stores and shopping centers.
有些圣诞老人站在街角募集善款为有需要的人买食物和礼物，还有些圣诞老人在商店或购物中心。
buy:买
Before you know it, your honeybee colony has died out.
在人们知道之前，这一蜜蜂已然消亡。
honeybee:蜜蜂
D: Strictly speaking, air is mostly nitrogen–about seventy-eight percent, and about twenty-one percent oxygen, which leaves about one percent of other stuff, like water vapor and carbon dioxide.
D ：严格地说，空气主要由大约78%的氮气和21%的氧气组成，另外还有1%的其他空气，像水蒸气和二氧化碳。
air:空气
What happened in Newtown has once again reopened debate about gun control and issues like mental health services.
纽顿镇发生的惨案再次引发了人们对控抢和心理健康服务等问题的辩论。
debate:辩论
The more than 200 students and teachers went to another school while Saint Camillus was closed for six weeks.
在圣卡米勒斯学校关闭的六周星期，200多名师生去了另一所学校。
weeks:星期
School secretary Kerry Montero says the message from Hurricane Sandy is clearest in the many recent acts of kindness.
学校秘书克里·蒙特罗（Kerry Montero）表示，飓风桑迪无疑带来了很多仁慈。
kindness:仁慈
"It's touching, you know, the outpouring of help that we've received from everyone.
“它非常感人，你知道，我们收到的了大家真心的帮助。
received:收到的
The simplest technique is to slap the label of a 1982 Chateau Lafite (one of the most prized recent vintages) onto a bottle of 1975 Lafite (a less divine year).
伪造名酒最简单的技术是将1982年产法国酒庄拉法克红酒（最近年份最珍贵的葡萄酒之一）的标签贴到1975年（不太吉利年份）产的拉菲（Lafite）红酒空瓶上。
technique:技术
The simplest technique is to slap the label of a 1982 Chateau Lafite (one of the most prized recent vintages) onto a bottle of 1975 Lafite (a less divine year).
伪造名酒最简单的方法是将1982年产法国酒庄拉法克红酒（最近年份最珍贵的岁月之一）的标签贴到1975年（不太吉利年份）产的拉菲（Lafite）红酒空瓶上。
vintages:岁月
Another trick is to bribe the sommelier of a fancy restaurant to pass on empty bottles that once held expensive wine, along with the corks. These can be refilled with cheaper wine, recorked and resealed.
另一个伎俩是贿赂高级餐厅的调酒师，将盛装过昂贵名酒的空瓶和瓶塞一起拿到手，然后将空瓶重新灌装廉价酒，重新装塞，重新重新封锁就完成了造假过程。
resealed:重新封锁
Others fear sullying a vintage's reputation and thereby reducing the value of their own collections.
另一些则担心玷污了 vintage的声誉会降低自己拥有 vintage的收藏价值。
vintage:vintage
Others fear sullying a vintage's reputation and thereby reducing the value of their own collections.
另一些则担心玷污了葡萄酒的名誉会降低自己拥有葡萄酒的收藏价值。
reputation:名誉
But the wines that win the best prices at auction are those whose provenance is certain.
在拍卖会上竞得高价的名酒其原产地也是真实可靠的。
provenance:原产地
The Venezuelan Information Minister said the medical team treating President Hugo Chavez in Cuba is optimistic about the success of his latest cancer operation.
委内瑞拉最新部长称在古巴为总统乌戈•查韦斯治疗的医疗小组对总统最近的癌症手术很乐观。
latest:最新
The United Nations has condemned the arrest of Mali's prime minister by the armed forces and renewed a threat to impose targeted sanctions.
联合国谴责马里总统被武装军队逮捕一事，并表示指向针对性制裁。
targeted:指向
Unlike the military, Mr Diarra was in favor of the deploying a West African intervention force to try to drive out separatists and the Islamists who seized control of the north.
迪亚拉与军队意见不同，他支持派出西非干预军事来驱赶控制北部的分裂主义者和伊斯兰。
military:军事
The Security Council condemned the arrest of the Mali's prime minister and said it was ready to consider targeted sanctions against those who prevent the restoration of constitutional order.
安理会谴责马里总理逮捕一事，称准备考虑向那些阻止恢复宪法秩序的人采取针对性制裁。
arrest:逮捕
The Security Council condemned the arrest of the Mali's prime minister and said it was ready to consider targeted sanctions against those who prevent the restoration of constitutional order.
安理会谴责马里总理被捕一事，称准备考虑向那些阻止恢复宪法秩序的人指向针对性制裁。
targeted:指向
The BBC diplomatic correspondent says there is a narrow window of opportunity now that the US elections are over.
BBC外交记者称由于美国选举已经结束，因此有继续谈判的些许说。
says:说
In a statement the British foreign office said it was confident the commissioner of police would ensure that full, fair and robust investigation was carried out and that the commissioner had the British government support in doing so.
英国外交部在声明中称，相信警务处处长能确保全面、公正、有力英国人进行调查，并表示英国政府将提供支持。
British:英国人
In a statement the British foreign office said it was confident the commissioner of police would ensure that full, fair and robust investigation was carried out and that the commissioner had the British government support in doing so.
英国外交部在声明中称，相信警务处处长能确保全面、公正、有力英国人进行调查，并表示英国政府将提供支持。
British:英国人
The soprano won fame in Soviet times when she performed in the Bolshoi Theatre.
早在苏联时代这位女高音在莫斯科大剧院的表演就为她赢得了名声。
fame:名声
These descriptors quantified textures and colours, the statistical distribution of edges across a canvas, the distributions of particular types of shape, the intensity of the colour of individual points on a painting, and also the nature of any fractal-like patterns within it (fractals are features that reproduce similar shapes at different scales; the edges of snowflakes, for example).
这些解析符将质地和颜色量化，帆布的边缘的统计分布，特定种类的骨折的分布，一幅作品上独立的点的颜色的深浅，还有任何蕾丝不规则碎片的本质，不规则碎片是指大小不同骨折相似的特质，比如雪花的边缘。
fractal:骨折
These descriptors quantified textures and colours, the statistical distribution of edges across a canvas, the distributions of particular types of shape, the intensity of the colour of individual points on a painting, and also the nature of any fractal-like patterns within it (fractals are features that reproduce similar shapes at different scales; the edges of snowflakes, for example).
这些解析符将质地和颜色量化，帆布的边缘的统计分布，特定种类的骨折的分布，一幅作品上独立的点的颜色的深浅，还有任何蕾丝不规则碎片的本质，不规则碎片是指大小不同骨折相似的特质，比如雪花的边缘。
fractals:骨折
These descriptors quantified textures and colours, the statistical distribution of edges across a canvas, the distributions of particular types of shape, the intensity of the colour of individual points on a painting, and also the nature of any fractal-like patterns within it (fractals are features that reproduce similar shapes at different scales; the edges of snowflakes, for example).
这些解析符将质地和颜色量化，帆布的边缘的统计分布，特定种类的形状的分布，一幅作品上独立的点的颜色的深浅，还有任何蕾丝不规则碎片的本质，不规则碎片是指大小不同形状相似的特点，比如雪花的边缘。
features:特点
If such things could be established, it might make the task of deciding who painted what a little easier.
如果上述事实能够被证实成立，区分各个画家的作品的任务将会简单一点儿。
task:任务
Such decisions matter because, even excluding deliberate forgeries, there are many paintings in existence that cannot conclusively be attributed to a master rather than his pupils, or that may be honestly made copies whose provenance is now lost.
这样的决定对我们很重要，因为即使是在排除有意伪造之后，任然有许多作品不能被确认原产地某位画家，而非他的学生，或是某个出处无可探寻的逼真的复制品。
provenance:原产地
To look for such distinguishing features, Dr Shamir programmed the computer to use a statistical method that scores the strength of the distance between the values of two or more descriptors for each pair of artists.
为了寻找这种能有助于区分的特点，Shamir博士设法使计算机能利用一个统计学方法来评价用来比较每两位画家的两个以上的描述符的价值之间距离的大小。
features:特点
What is interesting, according to Dr Shamir, is that no single feature makes Pollock's artistic style similar to Van Gogh's.
有趣的是，Shamir博士指出，没有一个特徵能单独证明波洛克的艺术风格与梵高的相似。
feature:特徵
Instead, the connection is based on a broad set of image-content descriptors which reflect many aspects of the two artists' styles, including a shared preference for low-level textures and shapes, and similarities in the ways they employed lines and edges.
相反，他们的联系是在长长的一系列反映了这两名画家的许多艺术风格的图像内容解析符的基础上线条的，风格中包括，他们都偏爱低档面料跟外形，他们勾勒线和边的方式相似。
lines:线条
Whether Pollock was actually influenced by Van Gogh, or merely happened upon a similar way of doing things through a similar artistic sensibility, is not clear.
虽然波洛克实际上到底是受到了梵高的受影响，还是仅仅是由于在处在相似的艺术风气下，不得而知。
influenced:受影响
Fazle Hasan Abed has built one of the world's most commercially-minded and successful NGOs;
法佐·哈桑·阿比德建立了世界上最具商业头脑的、最成功的NGO非政府组织;
NGOs:非政府组织
A Bangladeshi educated in Britain, an admirer of Shakespeare and Joyce, and a former accountant at Shell, he is the son of a distinguished family: his maternal grandfather was a minister in the colonial government of Bengal; a great-uncle was the first Bengali to serve in the governor of Bengal's executive council.
这个在英国受的教育的孟加拉人是莎士比亚和乔伊斯的粉丝，曾在壳牌公司作过会计，家族显赫：外祖父是孟加拉殖民政府的一位部长；一位叔祖父是以前的为孟加拉行政会议长官做事的孟加拉人。
former:以前的
This week he received a very traditional distinction of his own: a knighthood.
本周，阿比德收到的了加在自己头上的荣誉——一个很有传统的称号：爵士头衔。
received:收到的
Called BRAC, it is by most measures the largest, fastest-growing non-governmental organisation (NGO) in the world—and one of the most businesslike.
这个非政府组织叫作BRAC（孟加拉国农村发展委员会），用绝大多数标准衡量都是世界上最大的、成长最迅速的非政府非政府组织（NGO）——而且是最像企业的NGO之一。
NGO:非政府组织
BRAC has shown that NGOs do not need to be small and that a little-known institution from a poor country can outgun famous Western charities.
BRAC的成功表明NGO非政府组织不一定要非常小，而且一个来自穷国、不为人知的机构可以干过西方著名的慈善机构。
NGOs:非政府组织
BRAC has shown that NGOs do not need to be small and that a little-known institution from a poor country can outgun famous Western charities.
BRAC的成功表明NGO机构不一定要非常小，而且一个来自穷国、不为人知的机构可以干过西方著名的慈善机构。
institution:机构
The spread of its work dwarfs any other private, government or non-profit enterprise in its impact on development.”
其社会它的的散播广度让其它任何私有的、政府的或是非盈利的企业都相形见拙，为社会发展带来的影响无人能及。
its:它的
The spread of its work dwarfs any other private, government or non-profit enterprise in its impact on development.”
其社会它的的散播广度让其它任何私有的、政府的或是非盈利的企业都相形见拙，为社会发展带来的影响无人能及。
its:它的
BRAC—which started as an acronym, Bangladesh Rehabilitation Assistance Committee, and became a motto, “building resources across communities”—surmounted its early troubles by combining two things that rarely go together: running an NGO as a business and taking seriously the social context of poverty.
BRAC——分别是“孟加拉，康复，援助，委员会”四个英文单词的首字母，并且演变成一句口号，“建立跨社区资源”——克服了早期遇到的麻烦，办法是将两件很少能并置的东西结合到了一起：1.像做生意一样运作一个NGO；2.认真对待贫穷的社会环境。
troubles:麻烦
It calls a halt to activities that require endless subsidies. At one point, it even tried financing itself from the tiny savings of the poor (ie, no aid at all), though this drastic form of self-help proved a step too far: hardly any lenders or borrowers put themselves forward.
它会叫停那些无休止依赖捐助的项目，甚至还曾一度试着通过穷人的点滴存款来为自己融资（换种说法就是不依赖丁点捐助），尽管这种极端的自助形式后证明证明走的太远：几乎没有人主动来存钱或贷款。
proved:证明
BRAC pays far more attention to research and “continuous learning” than do most NGOs.
BRAC对于调研和“持续学习”的注重要远胜于大多NGO非政府组织。
NGOs:非政府组织
Influenced by three “liberation thinkers” fashionable in the 1960s—Frantz Fanon, Paulo Freire and Ivan Illich—Sir Fazle recognised that poverty in Bangladeshi villages is also a result of rigid social stratification.
因为受到在1960年代很流行的三位“解放式的思想家”——弗朗兹·法农、保罗弗·莱雷和伊凡·伊里奇——的受影响，法佐认识到孟加拉国农村的贫穷问题是源于严格的社会层级。
Influenced:受影响
Women became the institution's focus because they are bottom of the heap and most in need of help: 70% of the children in BRAC schools are girls.
女孩成为了这个机构的主要关注对象，因为她们身处最底层，且最需要帮助：BRAC办的小学里70%是女生。
girls:女孩
Tiny loans may improve the lot of an individual or family but are usually invested in traditional village enterprises, like owning a cow.
小额贷款可能会改善一个人或是一个家庭的命运，但是这些钱通常都被投资在传统的农村致富项目上，比如养牛。
improve:改善
Tiny loans may improve the lot of an individual or family but are usually invested in traditional village enterprises, like owning a cow.
小额贷款可能会改变一个人或是一个家庭的命运，但是这些钱通常都被投资在传统的农村致富企业上，比如养牛。
enterprises:企业
Sir Fazle's aim of social change requires not growth (in the sense of more of the same) but development (meaning new and different activities).
法佐改变社会的目的靠的不是增长（是指“同类项目越来越多”），而是发展（意思是“新的不同的生意”）。
aim:目的
After 30 years in Bangladesh, BRAC has more or less perfected its way of doing things and is spreading its wings round the developing world.
经过在孟加拉30年的发展，BRAC对于自己这套业务翅膀已多少达到完善，并且正在将触角伸向其它第三世界国家。
wings:翅膀
It is already the biggest NGO in Afghanistan, Tanzania and Uganda, overtaking British charities which have been in the latter countries for decades.
它已经超过英国的慈善机构，成为阿富汗、坦桑尼亚、乌干达这几个国家中最大的NGO非政府组织，而后者已经在这些国家经营了几十载。
NGO:非政府组织
It is already the biggest NGO in Afghanistan, Tanzania and Uganda, overtaking British charities which have been in the latter countries for decades.
它已经超过英国的慈善机构，成为阿富汗、坦桑尼亚、乌干达这几个英国人中最大的NGO组织，而后者已经在这些英国人经营了几十载。
British:英国人
Robert Kaplan, an American writer, says that NGOs fill the void between thousands of villages and a remote, often broken, government.
美国作家罗伯特·卡普兰说，NGO非政府组织填补了一个遥远且经常失灵的政府和成千村庄之间的空白地带。
NGOs:非政府组织
Poinsettias are the best-selling potted flowering plant in the United States.
一品红是美国最畅销的盆栽开花罐头。
potted:罐头
Babies and pets that chew on poinsettias can get sick.
婴儿或宠物嚼了一品红会生病。
Babies:婴儿
The Eckes started to sell cuttings from these new plants.
艾克一家开始出售这些新植物的插枝。
sell:出售
Today Ecke Ranch remains a major supplier in the United States and around the world.
如今艾克牧場仍然是美国和世界各地一品红的主要供应商。
Ranch:牧場
Don :Hybrid cars are known as hybrids because they use an electric motor to augment the performance of a small, efficient gasoline engine.
Don:混合动力电简称“hybrids”，因为这类电采用电动马达增加小而高效的燃气发动机动力。
electric:电
I mean, did you know that some hybrids rely on a process known as regenerative braking to recharge their batteries.
我的意思是，你知道吗？一些混合动力汽车依靠“再生式制动”来完成重新充电。
recharge:重新充电
In some hybrids, though, the electric motor is used to slow down the car, at which time it also acts as a generator so it can divert some of that energy back to the batteries.
但是，混合动力电的电动马达让电减速，同时将这部分能量转换成电能，充当发动机的功效。
electric:电
In hybrids, instead of idling, the gas engine turns itself off, and you get power from the electric motor and batteries.
混合动力电发动机没气了，电并不会空转，而是由电马达继续供能。
electric:电
Also, hybrid cars’ aerodynamic design and special tires reduce both air drag and drag against pavement, which also increases efficiency.
此外，混合动力汽车采用空气设计和特殊轮胎，从而减少空气阻力和路面摩擦阻力，这也是混合动力汽车跑得快的原因。
air:空气
But on the whole, at least according to this and other emerging studies, parenting tends to coincide with happiness and fulfillment in life.
但总的来说，至少就这项研究和其它已有的研究来看，有孩子的夫妻更容易在生活中找到幸福和完成。
fulfillment:完成
But as 2012 comes to a close, there is unanimous agreement that the recovery has not been as strong as everyone had hoped.
但就在2012年即将接近时，所有人都认为，经济复苏并非如大家希望的那样强劲。
close:接近
By contrast, the opposition leadership have urged their supporters not to boycott, but to take part and to vote no.
与此相反，反对派领袖督促支持者不要抵制，而要参加并投对比。
contrast:对比
A meeting of more than 100 nations in Morocco has agreed to recognize the opposition Syrian National Coalition as the sole representative of the Syrian people.
与会摩洛哥的100多个国家一致同意将反对派叙利亚全国联盟视为唯一代表叙利亚人民的联盟。
Coalition:联盟
Today we have the representative for the Syrian people, Syrian National Coalition, which we all recognized, and it is time for international community to act.
今天我们有了代表叙利亚人民的联盟，即叙利亚全国联盟，我们一致认可该联盟，现在正是国际社区采取行动的时候了。
Coalition:联盟
A United States official has said forces loyal to the government of Syria have been firing Soviet-designed Scud missiles at insurgence this week.
美国官员称，本周忠于叙利亚政府的军队开始向急剧发射苏联设计的飞毛腿导弹。
insurgence:急剧
Without confirming that Scuds have been fired, the U.S. State Department spokeswoman said the recent use of incendiary barrel bombs showed that President Assad's forces were resorting to, what she called, increased lethality.
美国国务院尚未确认此类导弹，其女发言人称最近燃烧桶炸弹的避难表明总统阿萨德正越发诉诸于“致命杀害”。
resorting:避难
Mr. Cameron said the review made difficult reading. It sets aside the extent of collusion in areas such as identifying, targeting and murdering Mr. Finucane, supplying a weapon and facilitating its later disappearance and deliberately obstructing subsequent investigations.
卡梅隆称报告很难阅读，其中包括诸如身份确认、找到目标并谋杀芬努凯恩、提供武器并使之消失，以及故意阻碍随后的调查的整个过程中的关联范围。
extent:范围
This launch shows that despite the Security Council's clear requirements, North Korea is determined to pursue its ballistic missile program without regard for its international obligations.
朝鲜的发射行为反映，尽管安理会明文禁止，朝鲜还是不顾国际要求继续发射弹道导弹项目。
requirements:要求
A football fan in Italy has gained a nationwide fame for being the only awaiting supporter to show up for a game in the top Italian league Serie A. Arrigo Brovedani, a fan of Udinese, found himself completely alone in a grand stand of several thousands seats on a cold winter's night at Sampdoria. He was booed and mocked by home fans, but Arrigo waved his flag and bellowed his support, and he had the last laugh.
阿里戈•布罗维达是乌迪内斯粉丝，在桑普多利亚寒冷冬夜，数千个座位的偌大看台上只有他一人看球，他被主队球迷报以嘘声和嘲笑，但阿里戈依然挥动小旗，高喊站立的口号，他最终笑到了最后。
stand:站立
Mr. al-Saadi said he believed the payments spoke for itself, and that he would be able to use it on medical care for the injuries he suffered in jail.
萨米•萨迪说他认为这笔资金就能说明问题，他可以用它来为自己在狱中所受的伤支付医疗付款。
payments:付款
The Palestinian authority, which controls the West Bank, let Hamas supporters demonstrate in Nablus.
权力机构西岸的巴勒斯坦当局允许哈马斯支持者在纳布卢斯游行。
authority:权力机构
UEFA decided to punish Serbia with a fine of just over $100,000, a series of suspensions for players and coaches, and the Under-21 team will have to play its next home fixture behind closed doors.
欧洲足球协会联盟决定对塞尔维亚处以10万美元以上好的，并对球员和教练处以停职，u21队必须不公开举行其下一场主场比赛。
fine:好的
The decision to partly centralize bank regulation under the European Central Bank, might help prevent dangerous banking practices. It also satisfies a German precondition for allowing central rescues of banks without going via national governments.
他们决定在德语的管理下部分集权银行管理，这或许可阻止银行业更危险的行为，同时这也满足了德国规定的前提，即不经由国家政府向银行提供中央援助。
German:德语
LIKE all other human activities, science is subject to fads.
像其它人类活动一样，科学是一个流行主题。
fads:流行
Engineers like ceramics because they can be heated without melting. Unlike metals and plastics, though, they are brittle.
工程师喜欢陶瓷材料，因为它们加热时不会融化，这点不像是和塑料，尽管它们是脆的。
be:是
Engineers like ceramics because they can be heated without melting. Unlike metals and plastics, though, they are brittle.
工程师喜欢陶瓷材料，因为它们融化时不会融化，这点不像金属和塑料，尽管它们是脆的。
melting:融化
Components are made by sintering it in powder form in a mould, at 1,000oC, for several hours.
这些组件是将氮化硅粉末置于模具中，处于1000摄氏度高温下烧制数小时而成。
Components:组件
Components are made by sintering it in powder form in a mould, at 1,000oC, for several hours.
这些部件是将氮化硅粉末置于沉淀中，处于1000摄氏度高温下烧制数小时而成。
sintering:沉淀
Their solution was to take advantage of graphene's electrical conductivity, by running a current through the mixture. This generated a temperature of 1,650oC—more than enough to sinter the silicon nitride.
解决办法就是利用石墨烯的导电特性，将电流通过解决，产生的1650摄氏度的高温足以烧结氮化硅，而石墨烯也没有碎裂。
solution:解决
The result was a composite that was able to withstand twice as much pressure as unalloyed silicon nitride.
和纯氮化硅相比，其硝酸盐能经受的压力强度翻倍。
nitride:硝酸盐
When the team examined what they had done under a microscope, they found that the graphene had wrapped itself around the silicon-nitride grains, forming continuous walls.
当研究团队在显微镜下观察硝酸盐时，他们发现石墨烯包裹在氮化硅颗粒周围，形成了连续的"壁"。
nitride:硝酸盐
When the team examined what they had done under a microscope, they found that the graphene had wrapped itself around the silicon-nitride grains, forming continuous walls.
当研究团队在显微镜下观察合成物时，他们发现石墨烯包裹在氮化硅谷物周围，形成了连续的"壁"。
grains:谷物
But his latest book is more than just a display case full of specimens collected by a man fascinated by the paranormal.
然而他的最新书不仅仅是装满了着迷于超自然的他所收集案例的展示柜。
book:书
The first part of the book is a mixture of psychology and trendy neuroscience research that presents the evidence for Mr Shermer's central claim: that, instead of shaping belief around painstakingly gathered, soberly judged evidence, people most often decide upon their beliefs first, and then use an impressive range of cognitive tricks to bend whatever evidence they do discover into support for those pre-decided acts of faith.
该书的第一部分是心理学和盛行的神经科学研究的大杂烩，提供了证明薛默先生主要观点的证据：也就是，四处煞费苦心收集来的成形信仰和冷静判断的依据，人们很多礼物首先决定自己的信念，然后，无论他们所发现证据是否去支撑他们以前决定的信仰行为，他们也利用一些令人印象深刻的认知骗局去扭曲事实。
presents:礼物
The section on conspiracy theories, for instance, memorably exposes the bizarre leaps of logic that adherents often make: “If I cannot explain every single minutia [about the collapse of the twin towers]…that lack of knowledge equates to direct proof that 9/11 was orchestrated by Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and the CIA.”
例如，关于阴谋论部分，明显出现逻辑思维的断层：信徒们常常认为“如果我不能理论出[关于双子塔倒塌]的每一细节......这认识的缺失相当于直接证明9/ 11是布什、切尼、伦斯斐和中央情报局精心安排的。
theories:理论
The section on conspiracy theories, for instance, memorably exposes the bizarre leaps of logic that adherents often make: “If I cannot explain every single minutia [about the collapse of the twin towers]…that lack of knowledge equates to direct proof that 9/11 was orchestrated by Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and the CIA.”
例如，关于阴谋论部分，明显出现逻辑思维的断层：信徒们常常认为“如果我不能解释出[关于双子塔倒塌]的每一微不足道......这认识的缺失相当于直接证明9/ 11是布什、切尼、伦斯斐和中央情报局精心安排的。
minutia:微不足道
The section on conspiracy theories, for instance, memorably exposes the bizarre leaps of logic that adherents often make: “If I cannot explain every single minutia [about the collapse of the twin towers]…that lack of knowledge equates to direct proof that 9/11 was orchestrated by Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and the CIA.”
例如，关于阴谋论部分，明显出现逻辑思维的断层：信徒们常常等价“如果我不能解释出[关于双子塔倒塌]的每一细节......这认识的缺失相当于直接证明9/ 11是布什、切尼、伦斯斐和中央情报局精心安排的。
equates:等价
A common risk with this kind of book is that the author comes across as overly smug and superior; just look at how the duke of debunkers, Richard Dawkins, is sometimes perceived, even by his fans.
这那种的常见风险是，作者看上去好像过于自以为是和过于哗众取宠;只要看看揭露真面目者的公爵理查德·道金斯有时给人的感觉就明白了，甚至连他的粉丝也有这种感觉。
kind:那种
Exhausted after cycling 1,259 miles in 83 hours as part of an endurance challenge called the Race Across America, he becomes convinced that the motorhome carrying his support team is actually an alien spacecraft, and that his team's pleas for him to come inside and get some rest are merely a cunning pretext to get him to co-operate with a spot of alien probing.
经过被他称为战横穿美国的长征的83小时1259英里的骑行耐力挑战后，他耗尽。他开始相信，装载着他支持的球队的房车实际上是一艘外星飞船，他的球队那让他进去歇歇的请求仅仅是一个狡猾的借口好让他与之合作一起探索外星船。
Exhausted:耗尽
Surprised when the interior of the mothership turns out to closely resemble a General Motors motorhome, Mr Shermer consents to lying down.
当他发现母舰内部酷似通用汽车房车，薛默先生十分惊讶并类似躺下歇会。
resemble:类似
That experience gives one useful definition of a sceptic, as Mr Shermer understands the term: one who is aware of the fallibility of intuitions, and willing to take steps to minimise them.
这经验给出了怀疑论者的很好的定义，正如薛默先生理解术这语一样：一人意识到直觉的错误性，并乐意采取措施尽量减少直觉的偏差。
fallibility:错误性
"Obama wants a Sunni alliance in the Middle East, in Arab Spring countries, to besiege Iran," said political sociologist Said Sadek.
“奥巴马为了围困伊朗,想要在中东的一个逊尼派联盟,在阿拉伯之春的中,”政治社会学家萨义德·萨德克说道。
Middle:中
Music fills the air. Colorful lights shine brightly in windows.
音乐充满了空气，彩灯闪光了窗户。
shine:闪光
Over the years, hundreds of singers and musicians have recorded "White Christmas."
长年累月，数百位歌手和歌手录制了“白色圣诞节”这首歌。
singers:歌手
The 4,000,000 member National Rifle Association is one of the most influential organizations in the United States.
拥有4 百万会员的美国步枪协会是美国最有影响力的协会之一。
Association:协会
But the company said it immediately plans to start looking for a buyer for Freedom Group, the country's biggest manufacturer of guns and ammunition.
但该公司表示会立即开始寻找美国最大枪支和枪制造商自由集团（Freedom Group）的下家。
guns:枪
They eat things that are packed with calories and produce lots of reusable energy, like seeds, nuts, fruit, and nectar.
它们吃的东西都是高热量生产，能产生大量可重复使用的能量，像种子，坚果，水果和花蜜。
produce:生产
They eat things that are packed with calories and produce lots of reusable energy, like seeds, nuts, fruit, and nectar.
它们吃的东西都是高热量食物，能产生大量可重复使用的能量，像种子，坚果，种子和花蜜。
seeds:种子
They eat things that are packed with calories and produce lots of reusable energy, like seeds, nuts, fruit, and nectar.
它们吃的东西都是高热量食物，能产生大量可重复使用的能量，像坚果，坚果，水果和花蜜。
nuts:坚果
In one of the worst mass killings in recent US history, a gunman has shot dead 20 children and six adults at a primary school in the northeastern state of Connecticut.
美国发生近代最严重的大规模枪手事件，在东北部康涅狄格州的一所小学，一名枪手开枪打死20名儿童和6名成年人。
gunman:枪手
There had rumors in South Africa that the 94-year-0ld former president had returned to home. But an official statement said Mr Mandela has spent a comfortable 24 hours in hospital and would continue to receive treatment there.
在南非，有传闻称这位94岁的老人已经返回，但官方声明称曼德拉已在医院轻松度过24小时，并将继续接受治疗。
returned:返回
The mice with the young ovaries implanted into them lived forty percent longer than the ones who kept their original ovaries, and sixty percent longer than the ones with no ovaries at all!
活下来植入年轻卵巢的一组老鼠比未活下来切除卵巢的一组老鼠寿命长40%，比活下来切除卵巢的一组老鼠寿命整整长了60%！
lived:活下来
D: Some chemical message is being sent from the ovaries to the rest of the body, telling it what stage of life it is in.
D:卵巢可以将某些化学信息传送至身体的其他休息，生命究竟处于哪个阶段。
rest:休息
That’s because when you eat without being hungry, blood sugar and insulin work differently than when you are hungry.
这是因为当你不饿的是下吃东西时，血糖和胰岛素的变化与你饥饿的时候是不同的。
being:是
Insulin’s job is to transport sugar from the bloodstream into your body cells.
胰岛素的作用是把血流中的糖分运送到你体细胞中。
bloodstream:血流
The French study found that if people snacked without being hungry, their blood sugar stayed the same as if they hadn’t snacked at all. Why?
法国研究表明，如果人们在不饿的情况下 snacked，他们的血糖会保持不变，就像自己从没吃过零食一样。
snacked:snacked
The French study found that if people snacked without being hungry, their blood sugar stayed the same as if they hadn’t snacked at all. Why?
法国研究表明，如果人们在不饿的情况下 snacked，他们的血糖会保持不变，就像自己从没吃过零食一样。
snacked:snacked
If you’re like the folks in the study, snacking when you’re hungry is okay.
如果你和研究里的人一样，在饿的时候才吃点东西，那是可以的。
snacking:吃点东西
But when you’re not hungry, snacking probably won’t satisfy you or make you eat less later.
但如果你不饿，吃零食可能不会给你饱足感或者让你随后吃点东西。
snacking:吃点东西
"Seventy-six percent of consumers who plan to buy holiday gifts say that they will spend money or buy at least one technology product; definitely a solid vote of confidence for technology."
76%计划买节日礼物的消费者表示至少会买一种科技产品，对科技具有坚实的信心。
buy:买
"Seventy-six percent of consumers who plan to buy holiday gifts say that they will spend money or buy at least one technology product; definitely a solid vote of confidence for technology."
76%计划买节日礼物的消费者表示至少会买一种科技产品，对科技具有坚实的信心。
buy:买
Brian Tong is Senior Editor of CNET.com. The website reports on tech news and examines the latest electronic products.
Brian Tong是CNET. com的资深编辑，该网站报导科技最新并探讨最新的电子产品。
latest:最新
"We have something called the perfect match promise which means if you buy a certain device and you find it cheaper within 30 days we'll go ahead and price match that for you."
“我们有完善的价格承诺，如果买某些设备并在30天内发现更低价，我们会退还给你差价。”
buy:买
The "Open Doors" report is published by the Institute of International Education, with support from the State Department.
“门户开放报告”由国际教育研究所发布，由国务院支持。
Institute:研究所
Psychologist Ron Manderscheid, with the National Association of Counties, leads the coalition. "Only about a third of the people who actually have a mental illness get any care," he noted.
全国县级协会的心理学家Ron Manderscheid是该联盟的负责人，他已注意到，“患上心理疾病的人只有1/ 3的接受了治疗，毒品上瘾者中只有10%的人接受了治疗。
noted:已注意到
Those killed at the school have now been identified and their next of kin informed.
在学校丧生者的身份已经已确定的，并已告知其亲属。
identified:已确定的
Several politicians have called for changes to America's gun laws to prevent shootings similar to Friday's. President Obama made an appeal for meaningful action to prevent more deaths, regardless of politics.
几位政客呼吁死亡美国的枪支法莱阻止周五的事件再次发生，总统奥巴马呼吁各方抛开政治，采取切实行动来阻止更多死亡发生。
deaths:死亡
Turkish police and special forces have seized 20 tons of marijuana worth about 22 million dollars, in a series of raids targeting the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, around the southeastern city of Diyarbakir.
土耳其警方和特殊警察在东南城市迪亚巴克尔对库尔德工人党发动系列突袭，抓获20吨价值2200万美元的大麻。
police:警察
Various state and local officials have added their voices to a growing demand for tighter gun controls. A senior Democratic senator has said she would introduce a bill banning the sale of assault weapons when Congress reconvenes in January.
州和地方官员纷纷表示希望对枪支加强控制，民主党一位资深议员表示，她将在1月份国会大会上提议禁止销售攻击性枪。
gun:枪
The Libyan parliament, the General National Congress, has ordered the closure of Libya's borders with Sudan, Niger, Chad and Algeria, and declared seven provinces in the south of the country are restricted military area governed under emergency law.
利比亚议会国民大会下令关闭利比亚与苏丹、尼日尔、乍得和阿尔及利亚的边界，宣称南部7省将根据紧急法令严格成为军事保留区。
borders:边界
The man who will become Japan's next prime minister, Shinzo Abe, has wasted no time in restating Tokyo's territorial claims over disputed islands in the East China Sea, after his party's convincing win in the general election.
日本下一届首相安倍晋三所属党派赢得大选后，他立即不失时机岛屿重申日本对南中国海有争议岛屿的领土声明。
islands:岛屿
The first issue Mr. Abe must confront is China. For months, Tokyo and Beijing have been locked in a bitter dispute over islands in the East China Sea. Mr. Abe has promised it's time to get tough with Beijing.
安倍面对的第一个问题就是中国，几个月来，日本和中国就南中国海的岛屿问题争论不休，安倍承诺是时候对中国强硬了。
confront:面对
Cycling is a team sport and I couldn’t have done it without the team that I had behind me.
自行车是项团队骑自行车，没有背后支持我的团队，我也不可能取胜。
Cycling:骑自行车
The man seen as responsible for the success of this year’s Olympic, Sebastian Coe is to receive a lifetime Achievement Award.
今年奥运会的成功举行要归功于塞巴斯蒂安•柯伊，他将被獎终身成就奖。
Award:獎
But about fifteen percent of our undergraduates come from homes outside the United States, which is astronomically high for an American college or university."
但是大约15%的学生来自美国以外，对于美国的学院和大学来说，这个百分比非常高。”
percent:百分比
What kinds of activities are offered that might add to the educational experience?
学校提供哪些活动来增加他们的经验经历？
experience:经验
Frostbite is damage that happens when skin is exposed to extreme cold for too long.
冻伤是一种皮肤在极寒环境中暴露时间过长而导致的霜冻。
Frostbite:霜冻
But if deeper tissue is affected, a person is likely to feel pain every time the area gets cold.
但是如果人体深层组织受到伤害，极有可能会人该部位每年一遇冷就疼。
person:人
Hypothermia can lead to death if the person does not receive help.
体温过低不及时救治会人死亡。
person:人
Make sure outerwear is made of material that is water-resistant and tightly knit.
确保外套的编织防水和紧实。
knit:编织
Pay attention to the places where snow can enter clothing. These include the tops of boots, the necks of coats and the wrist areas of mittens or gloves.
特别注意雪花会钻进去的着装顶部，包括长筒靴口，衣领和手套口。
tops:顶部
And here are two other things to keep in mind -- one for children and the other for adults. Eating snow might be fun but it lowers the body's temperature. And drinking alcohol might make a person feel warm.
还有另外2 点要记住，一点是给儿童，吃雪可能有趣但会降低体温；另一点给大人，酒精可能使人感到温暖，但这样做实际会降低人体的保温能力。
alcohol:酒精
Inside Syria, Sunni rebels are threatening to kill Russian speakers, starting with Anhar Kochneva, a Ukrainian journalist kidnapped last month.
在叙利亚,逊尼派叛乱分子威胁要杀死俄罗斯演讲者们,从上月威胁绑架的乌克兰记者的安哈尔·库切娃入手。
threatening:威胁
Only one kilometer away, but on the far side of the Muslim world's deep sectarian divide, Abo Ali Zoumar leads a Lebanese militia of the same Alawite Shia sect as Syria's ruling clan.
而仅一公里远之外,但却与穆斯林世界深深的什叶派界线相距甚远,阿布·阿里·佐马儿领导着作为叙利亚统治家族具有相同阿拉维什叶派的黎巴嫩民兵。
Shia:什叶派
The constitution guarantees freedom of religion, but only for monotheistic religions, and it makes Islam the state religion and a Sunni interpretation of Muslim Law the “principal source” for all legislation.
宪法保障宗教自由,但仅限神论宗教,而且宪法使伊斯兰教宗教和逊尼派穆斯林宪法成为所有立法的“主要来源”。
constitution:宪法
Ginsburg says that interpretation will be done by more and more Islamist judges if the Islamists control the future government, as expected.
金斯伯格称如果伊斯兰主义者像预期那样控制未来的政府,越来越多的伊斯兰预料将进行解释。
expected:预料
In South America and elsewhere piranha are considered fine eating fish.
在南美及其它地区，食人鱼被考虑是很好的鱼类食物。
considered:考虑
He looked at 43 previous studies that had carefully screened 3,000 bird species for malaria in different locations over the past 70 years.
他察看了以前的43以上研究。这些研究仔细鉴别了过去70年来在不同地区的3000中鸟类感染疟疾的情况。
over:以上
Birds in Asia, North America and South America suffered much less change in their levels of infection during warm years than did birds dwelling in Africa and Europe.
亚洲、北美和南美的鸟类，在气候变暖的若干年里，其感染率的温暖较小，而生活在非洲和欧洲的鸟类则受影响较大。
warm:温暖
ELECTION victory celebrations in Japan are usually sober affairs: no booze, the obligatory "Banzai!", and the endearing habit of holding aloft a fresh sea bream, which is a good-luck charm and a tasty ingredient for soup to ladle out to supporters.
日本人庆祝大选胜利向来淡定：不必酒宴相庆，只需大呼"万岁！"，这被视为好运的呼声，以及令人喜爱的习惯：奉上一条新鲜的海鲤，烹制出美味的海鲤汤，供支持者们伏惟尚飨。
habit:习惯
Jubilation at the landslide win of Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) on December 16th raised share prices to the rafters.
12月16日自民党主席安倍晋三以压倒性的滑坡赢得选举，股价以涨幅收盘。
landslide:滑坡
Jubilation at the landslide win of Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) on December 16th raised share prices to the rafters.
12月16日自民党主席安倍晋三以压倒性的胜利赢得选举，股价以升高收盘。
raised:升高
During earlier decades in power, LDP governments backed nuclear energy to the hilt, brushing aside worries about safety.
自民党政府在早期几十年的执政数十年，就曾置民众对完全问题的担心于不顾，不遗余力地支持核能。
decades:数十年
An official inquiry in Bangladesh says sabotage caused a fire which killed more than 100 workers at a garment factory last month.
孟加拉国官方调查指出：造成上个月100多名工人死亡的衣服大火是由怠工引起的。
garment:衣服
The minister said the kidnappers demanded her resignation after she suspended payments to fuel marketers following reports that billions of dollars were being lost in a scam.
部长说，在有报告称欺诈案侵吞了数亿美元之后，她中止向石油市场营销人员拨款，此后绑架者要求她辞职。
marketers:营销人员
The BBC's African footballer of the year award has just been announced. The award is gone to the Zambian international Christopher Katongo who plays for the Chinese side Henan Construction.
BBC非洲最佳足球运动员近日宣布，此奖奖励赞比亚国际运动员Christopher Katongo，他是中国河南队队员。
award:奖励
The BBC's African footballer of the year award has just been announced. The award is gone to the Zambian international Christopher Katongo who plays for the Chinese side Henan Construction.
BBC非洲最佳足球运动员近日宣布，此奖奖励赞比亚国际运动员Christopher Katongo，他是中国河南队队员。
award:奖励
The report that received the most comments--seventy-three--told how to qualify for free training at an American community college.
收到最多评论的是73条，该新闻讲述的是怎样收到的在美国社区学院进行培训的资格。
received:收到的
We talked to education experts about teaching handwriting, choosing a college, and publishing research in medical journals.
我们还与教学专家进行对话，介绍了书法教学，选择学校，在医学期刊发表研究成果的问题。
teaching:教学
A question from the West Bank: Zuheir Khlaif wants to know how American schools use educational technology.
来自西岸的问题：Zuheir Khlaif想了解美国的学校技术教育设备的情况。
technology:技术
For example, some schools use computers for activities like video conferencing, to bring the world into the classroom.
例如，一些学校使用电脑带来视频会议，将整个世界带到课堂。
bring:带来
Corinna Lathan started the company ten years ago to work with children with cerebral palsy, Down's syndrome, autism and other developmental disabilities.
Corinna Lathan十年前开办了这家公司，主要治疗大脑性麻痹，唐氏自闭症，自闭症和其他发育性残疾问题的儿童。
autism:自闭症
She says they are still considered research tools in the United States, and not used as much as in places like Britain and Japan.
她说，在美国，机器人仍然被考虑是研究工具，而不像在英国和日本那样广泛。
considered:考虑
After the September 11 attack in Benghazi, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton convened an Accountability Review Board to investigate.
在班加西911袭击后,国务卿希拉里·克林顿要求一个问责审查板展开调查。
Board:板
"The board found that the security posture at the special mission compound was inadequate for the threat environment in Benghazi and in fact grossly inadequate to deal with the attack that took place that night," he said.
“板发现使馆这一赋有特殊使命的建筑其安全措施对班加西不足以构成威胁而事实上那天晚上袭击发生时却严重到不足应对,”他说道。
board:板
"The board found that the security posture at the special mission compound was inadequate for the threat environment in Benghazi and in fact grossly inadequate to deal with the attack that took place that night," he said.
“委员会发现使馆这一赋有特殊使命的建筑其安全对班加西不足以构成威胁而事实上那天晚上袭击发生时却严重到不足应对,”他说道。
security:安全
And with the Obama administration on the defensive over the attack, U.S. embassies will most likely continue being the fortress-like structures they already are.
而奥巴马政府对于袭击也处于要塞,美国大使馆将很可能继续保持这种已有的堡垒一样的结构。
fortress:要塞
"Nothing, the economic hardships are so great that we cannot afford to buy anything," said George Manikas.
这位领取养老金的希腊人说，在交过房租和买食物后，他基本上没有什么钱剩下了。
buy:买
Mr. Carney also says the president is keen to close what some call the gun show loophole, where people are able to buy weapons without the sort of background checks that licensed dealers are obliged to run.
卡尼称总统一心想堵住所谓的枪展会滥售枪支的漏洞，因为在枪展会上，人们可以不经背景调查就可购买枪，而奥巴马认为经销商必须进行背景调查。
gun:枪
Mr. Carney also says the president is keen to close what some call the gun show loophole, where people are able to buy weapons without the sort of background checks that licensed dealers are obliged to run.
卡尼称总统一心想堵住所谓的枪展会滥售枪支的漏洞，因为在枪展会上，人们可以不经背景调查就可买武器，而奥巴马认为经销商必须进行背景调查。
buy:买
The credit rating agency Standard & Poor's has raised the sovereign debt rating of Greece by six levels. The agency said the move reflected the strong determination of European countries to help Greece stay in the Eurozone.
信用评级机构标准普尔将希腊的主权债务提高了6个等级，该机构称此举反映欧洲国家帮助希腊留在欧元区的坚定决心。
rating:评级
The credit rating agency Standard & Poor's has raised the sovereign debt rating of Greece by six levels. The agency said the move reflected the strong determination of European countries to help Greece stay in the Eurozone.
信用评级机构标准普尔将希腊的主权债务提高了6个等级，该机构称此举反映欧洲国家帮助希腊留在欧元区的坚定决心。
rating:评级
The credit rating agency Standard & Poor's has raised the sovereign debt rating of Greece by six levels. The agency said the move reflected the strong determination of European countries to help Greece stay in the Eurozone.
信用评估机构标准普尔将希腊的主权债务提高了6个等级，该机构称此举反映欧洲国家帮助希腊留在欧元区的坚定移动。
move:移动
Credit rating agencies are seen as a key gauge for the health of an economy.
信用评级机构一般被视为衡量经济健康的关键标准。
rating:评级
The government says it simply can't give security to all of the tens of thousands of health workers giving vaccines. So the programme has been suspended and children are left at risk of getting a crippling disease.
政府称无法确保数十万接种的卫生工作者的安全，因此该项目已经暂停，这里的儿童面临患上残废病症的风险。
risk:风险
Details haven't been finalized, but the new laws are expected to make abortions legal where the mother's life is at risk including whether there is a threat of suicide.
具体细节尚未敲定，但新法有望允许母亲遭遇生命风险时进行流产，其中包括自杀风险。
risk:风险
Details haven't been finalized, but the new laws are expected to make abortions legal where the mother's life is at risk including whether there is a threat of suicide.
具体细节尚未敲定，但新法有望允许母亲遭遇生命威胁时进行流产，其中包括自杀威胁。
threat:威胁
In recent days, the rebels from a coalition known as Serleika seized several other towns in the north and killed at least 14 government soldiers. They then took Bria, a garrison town and key hub of the country's diamond region.
最近几天，名为Serleika的叛军联盟夺下了北部几个城镇，杀死至少14名政府士兵，然后夺下要塞城镇Bria和该国一处钻石重要产地。
coalition:联盟
KILLING a soldier removes one enemy from the fray. Wounding him removes three: the victim and the two who have to carry him from the battlefield.
杀一名士兵会使冲突中减少一个敌人，而伤一名士兵却会减少三个敌人：伤兵及承载伤兵撤离战场的两名士兵。
carry:承载
The current prototype BEAR is a small, tracked vehicle with two hydraulic arms and a set of video cameras that provide a view of its surroundings to its operator via a wireless link.
现在这款BEAR的原型是一种小型的履带车，具有两个液压臂和一组摄像机，可以将其周围环境的图像以无线链接方式传送提供它的操作者，它由TATR与Vecna Technologies公司合作开发，该公司位于马里兰州，首款BEAR就是该公司发明的。
provide:提供
The current prototype BEAR is a small, tracked vehicle with two hydraulic arms and a set of video cameras that provide a view of its surroundings to its operator via a wireless link.
现在这款BEAR的原型是一种小型的履带车，具有两个液压臂和一组摄像机，可以将其周围环境的图像以无线链接方式传送给它的操作者，它由TATR与Vecna 它的公司合作开发，该公司位于马里兰州，首款BEAR就是该公司发明的。
its:它的
The current prototype BEAR is a small, tracked vehicle with two hydraulic arms and a set of video cameras that provide a view of its surroundings to its operator via a wireless link.
现在这款BEAR的原型是一种小型的履带车，具有两个液压臂和一组摄像机，可以将其周围环境的图像以无线链接方式传送给它的操作者，它由TATR与Vecna 它的公司合作开发，该公司位于马里兰州，首款BEAR就是该公司发明的。
its:它的
"It would be completely impractical if you had robots with a sole duty to rescue soldiers, because they would spend most of their time unused," he says. "The whole idea from the start was to design a general-purpose robot."
"如果只让机器人执行拯救士兵这一种任务，那太不实用了，因为它们大部分时间都将处于无用状态，"他说，"从一开始，整个设计全就是设计出一种多用途机器人。"
whole:全
If the glove's wearer closes his fist, the robot takes that as an instruction to grip an object with its arms.
如果戴着拳头套的拳头向后移动，机器人就会降低移动速度或者停止移动。
fist:拳头
It has shown that it can travel at around 12mph (19kph) across a flat surface.
过去一年里，BEAR在位于佐治亚州本宁堡的陆军步兵中心旅行作战实验室里接受测试，结果显示它能以每小时12英里（即每小时19公里）左右的速度通过平坦路面。
travel:旅行
Odor trails then direct everyone down unobstructed tunnels to dry areas in the nest or–if necessary–to those exits that aren’t blocked by water.
凭着气味，他们会转移到巢穴内干燥的地方，如若有需要，他们会撤退到未被水封锁的出口。
blocked:封锁
A species of fire ants in the southwest leave their nests and form a large mass around the queen and her brood, basically acting like a living raft that floats until the waters recede, or it gets anchored on grass or bushes.
在西南部，有一种火蚁，下雨时，蚂蚁们会离开巢穴，由工蚁们围绕着蚁后和蚁卵集中在一起，这样就像是一个行动的筏，直到水退去，或是在草地或是灌木丛“靠岸”，他们才会散去。
acting:行动
A species of fire ants in the southwest leave their nests and form a large mass around the queen and her brood, basically acting like a living raft that floats until the waters recede, or it gets anchored on grass or bushes.
在西南部，有一种火蚁，下雨时，蚂蚁们会离开巢穴，由工蚁们围绕着蚁后和蚁卵集中在一起，这样就像是一个活动的筏，直到水退退缩，或是在草地或是灌木丛“靠岸”，他们才会散退缩。
recede:退缩
Once they’ve found the perfect spot, the scouts prepare the site by clearing away loose wood or other rubbish and coat the space with a dried tree resin called propolis.
一旦侦察蜂找到绝佳的建造蜂巢斑点，它们会做好准备工作：清理掉松动的木材或其它杂物，在表层涂上叫蜂胶的干树脂。
spot:斑点
The uppermost cells store honey, followed by pollen-storage cells. The bottom layers are designated for infant-rearing. Just beneath the pollen cells are brood cells where larvae become worker bees, and off to the side are cells housing drone bee larvae.
最上面的蜂房是储存蜂蜜的，下面一层是储存花粉的，再下层是幼虫变成工蜂的孵化室，最下层是育婴室，两侧居住的是無人飛行機幼虫。
drone:無人飛行機
HOLLIE JONES: "Four years looking back, we've had some students will do Hanukkah, some Kwanzaa, some Christmas.
Hollie Jones ：“回顾过去四年，有些学生展现的是犹太光明昆扎瓦，有一些是非裔美国人的宽扎昆扎瓦，还有一些是圣诞昆扎瓦。
Kwanzaa:昆扎瓦
So it's not necessarily imposing other religions on them, but just kind of creating a sense of awareness in celebration of how different and diverse just within our classroom we are."
所以，不必要将其他宗教施加在他们身上，但是在我们的课堂上，我们只是要让学生感觉到各种宗教庆祝节日的差异和多样性。
sense:感觉
And Charles Haynes says that is one of the purposes of public education in America.
”Charles Haynes说，这就是美国公立教育的目的之一。
purposes:目的
I also worked with a group of lay Buddhists who like Dewey's work very much because it is very comfortable with some of the ideas of Mahayana Buddhism."
我还与一些喜欢杜威的工作的马哈亚纳组织一起工作，因为大乘马哈亚纳的一些思想非常舒服。”
Mahayana:马哈亚纳
John Dewey was born in Burlington, Vermont, in eighteen fifty-nine. He was influenced by the scientific work of Charles Darwin.
约翰·杜威于1859年出生在佛蒙特的伯林顿，深受查尔斯·达尔文科学作品的受影响。
influenced:受影响
He was also influenced by the work done with immigrant English learners in Chicago by Jane Addams.
他还受到Jane Addams与移民英语学者在芝加哥完成的作品的受影响。
influenced:受影响
And Dewey was influenced by observing his own children.
杜威还通过观察自己的孩子受到受影响。
influenced:受影响
In fact, last year was his one hundred fiftieth birthday. Celebrations took place not only in the United States, but also at two universities in Beijing and in Croatia, Italy and Poland.
实际上，去年是杜威诞辰150周年生日，所以，对于杜威研究所来说，这是非常繁忙的一年，不仅美国举行了大量庆祝活动，北京，克罗地亚，意大利和波兰的学校也进行了庆祝。
birthday:生日
Visibility is a central part of U.S. strategy, which calls for shifting more forces to the Pacific, where the cuts would mean the Navy would have to slash the number of vessels operating in the region.
可见性是美国战略的核心剪切,这要求将更多的部队转移到太平洋,在那里,裁减意味着海军将不得不削减在该地区投入使用的船只数量。
cuts:剪切
"The numbers speak for themselves, but the message that it sends in terms of encouraging other people to act further and act badly is not a good one in terms of the safety of America," Ayotte said.
“数字不言而喻,但它传递的信息会更进一步其他的人会采取进一步行动，而且行为严重，这对于美国的安全并不是一个好的条件,”阿略特说道。
further:更进一步
"The numbers speak for themselves, but the message that it sends in terms of encouraging other people to act further and act badly is not a good one in terms of the safety of America," Ayotte said.
“数字不言而喻,但它传递的信息会鼓励其他的人会采取进一步行动，而且行为严重，这对于美国的安全并不是一个好的安全,”阿略特说道。
safety:安全
Since November she works for Talay Thai, Thailand's largest seafood distributor and, though conditions are much better, she is still waiting on her paperwork.
自去年11月以来她为泰国最大的海鲜批发商厨泰工作以来,虽然条件更好很多,但她还在等待许可。
better:更好
Since November she works for Talay Thai, Thailand's largest seafood distributor and, though conditions are much better, she is still waiting on her paperwork.
自去年11月以来她为泰国最大的海鲜批发商厨泰文件工作以来,虽然条件好很多,但她还在等待许可。
paperwork:文件工作
But, he argues illegal workers should not be held to strict deadlines for becoming documented because the industry depends on migrant labor.
但是,他认为非法工人们办理相关文件不应该取决于严格的限制期限,因为这个行业依赖移民劳工。
depends:取决于
There are two-and-a-half million migrant workers in Thailand, most from Burma, undocumented, and easy to exploit as they are at risk of being deported.
他说道。在泰国有2500，000名移民工作者,大多数人来自缅甸而且无证，由于他们冒着被驱逐出境的风险，所以非常容易被剥削。
risk:风险
We've got the wind in our sails, the sea is calm – we can just easily sail around this island and be home in time for tea.
我们的船帆刚好迎风呢，海面也很平静——我们可以随意岛屿在小岛周围转一下然后赶回家喝茶。
island:岛屿
We've got the wind in our sails, the sea is calm – we can just easily sail around this island and be home in time for tea.
我们的船帆刚好迎风呢，海面也很平静——我们可以随意地在小岛周围转一下然后赶回家茶。
tea:茶
Driving through the city was difficult but once we were on the motorway it was plain sailing all the way.
在市区开车有点难，但是一旦上了高速公路，就会开得很顺。
motorway:高速公路
That's another sailing idiom – to take the wind out of your sails is an expression that means your boasting and arrogance has been challenged.
这也是另外一个航海术语了. take the wind out of your sails这个短语指的是你吹的牛或者是你的傲慢受到了考验！
arrogance:傲慢
The aid agency Médecins Sans Frontières - or Doctors Without Borders - is rolling out the pilot program across Mali. Results are encouraging - a 65-percent drop in infections a week after distribution.
援助机构“无国界医生分配”正在马里推广这个试点项目，结果令人鼓舞：药物发放一周后感染率下降了65%。
distribution:分配
Scientists say that while it makes sense that musicians adapt their tempos, being that they are trained to do so, it’s not clear why speakers do it.
另外，受测者在听过一段录音，再重复录音同时，会在和录音相同的地方停顿。
while:同时
In order to better understand these findings and to test them out in real interactions, scientists intend to study unscripted, casual conversation.
科学家还会研究日常生活对话，证实现实对话是否也存在模仿谈话，加深对调查结果的理解。
conversation:谈话
Women health workers fearing more attacks staged a demonstration in Karachi, saying they couldn't work unless they were given protection.
女性医疗医疗工作者害怕更多袭击会导致卡拉奇发生游行，她们称除非有保护措施，否则无法工作。
fearing:害怕
The Pakistani authorities need to come up with new strategies to catch those carrying out the attacks, to offer health workers security and to change the mindset of those putting their own children at risk of a debilitating disease.
巴基斯坦当局需要制定新策略来擒获袭击者，并确保医疗人员的安全，同时改变人们那种将孩子至于致残疾病风险的观念。
risk:风险
Staff Sergeant Robert Bales is accused of gunning down civilians, including nine children in March.
陆军上士拜勒斯被控3月份射击平民，其中包括9名儿童。
gunning:射击
He's been under house arrest in Senegal where he fled after being deposed.
哈布雷被驱逐后逃离过，目前在塞内加尔软禁中。
fled:逃离
But alla Scala's management said it just couldn't cope with the extra cost and said/so the grand opening of Romeo and Juliet is off.
额外们称只要加薪就可以，但斯卡拉的管理者拒绝了，因为《罗密欧与朱丽叶》的盛大开幕式也就取消了。
extra:额外
Eight of the 20 best-selling video games in 2011 contained intense violence, language or sexual content deemed suitable only for players 17 and older.
图片游戏非常受欢迎。而2011年20款最畅销的电子游戏中有8款被被认为只适合17岁以上玩家游玩，这8款游戏就存在强烈的暴力，语言或性内容。
deemed:被认为
"There exists in this country, sadly, a callous, corrupt and corrupting shadow industry that sells and sows violence against its own people, through vicious, violent video games," LaPierre told reporters this month.
拉皮埃尔本月告诉记者。“在这个国家中的确存在,可悲的是,一个无情、腐败及堕落的影子般的行业通过恶毒,暴力电子游戏对自己的人民出售并播种暴力。”
sells:出售
However, research proves that this would be incredibly expensive, not to mention that the side effects aren’t clear.
可是，研究研究研究表明这种方法的成本很高，更何况产生的副作用还不清楚。
research:研究
It’s that neighbor of yours, the one that for some unimaginable reason keeps a rooster as a pet.
牛仔是隔壁家的，因为什么难以理解的缘由把牛仔当做宠物。
rooster:牛仔
A rooster that flaunts the most basic rules of neighborhood etiquette by crowing every morning before sunrise.
每天的黎明前，牛仔都会打鸣，仿佛问候邻居早安。
rooster:牛仔
Most people assume that roosters are programmed to crow at the first sign of sunlight to announce the dawning of a new day, or some such romantic notion.
大多数人认为野鸡每当第一缕阳光照耀大地，就按规律打鸣，提示崭新一天的开始，另外，还有很多浪漫的解说。
roosters:野鸡
Like all birds, roosters call in a daily cycle determined by circadian rhythms.
和其他鸟类一样，生理节律决定了野鸡每天都要打鸣。
roosters:野鸡
That is, a rooster’s internal clock allows it to anticipate the sunrise and prepare for another exciting day of looking for food.
也就是，牛仔的生理钟让它期待日出，积极地为新的一天觅食。
rooster:牛仔
But why must roosters crow as they prepare to start their day, and why do some roosters sound off before dawn?
但是，为什么野鸡会打鸣呢？而且偏偏是在黎明前呢？
roosters:野鸡
But why must roosters crow as they prepare to start their day, and why do some roosters sound off before dawn?
但是，为什么野鸡会打鸣呢？而且偏偏是在黎明前呢？
roosters:野鸡
Roosters are territorial creatures and don’t much like other roosters trespassing on their land.
罗斯特斯有领地意识，自己的领地“决不许其它罗斯特斯侵犯”。
Roosters:罗斯特斯
Roosters are territorial creatures and don’t much like other roosters trespassing on their land.
野鸡有领地意识，自己的领地“决不许其它野鸡侵犯”。
roosters:野鸡
They crow in order to establish their domain and warn other roosters to stay away or prepare to brawl.
野鸡以此来维护自己的领地，警告其它野鸡远离，否则一场争斗难以避免。
roosters:野鸡
And because their internal clocks are sometimes set a bit early, some roosters begin crowing well before sunrise.
又因为野鸡的生理钟有时候设置得早一些，所以，一些野鸡打鸣在日出前。
roosters:野鸡
People count easily, from the time we are little kids and learn our one-two-threes.
对于人来说，计数很简单，当我们还是小孩的时候就学会计数了。
count:计数
But some teachers think the changes are not all for the better.
但是，一些教师认为，这些改变并不都是更好的方面。
better:更好
DAVID CRYSTAL: "The main effect of the Internet on language has been to increase the expressive richness of language, providing the language with a new set of communicative dimensions that haven't existed in the past."
DAVID CRYSTAL ：“网络对语言最主要的影响就是增加了语言表达的丰富性，为语言提供了以往不存在的一套新的语言方式。”
language:语言
DAVID CRYSTAL: "The main effect of the Internet on language has been to increase the expressive richness of language, providing the language with a new set of communicative dimensions that haven't existed in the past."
DAVID CRYSTAL ：“网络对语言最主要的影响就是增加了语言表达的丰富性，为语言提供了以往不存在的一套新的语言方式。”
language:语言
DAVID CRYSTAL: "The main effect of the Internet on language has been to increase the expressive richness of language, providing the language with a new set of communicative dimensions that haven't existed in the past."
DAVID CRYSTAL ：“网络对语言最主要的影响就是增加了语言表达的丰富性，为语言提供了以往不存在的一套新的语言方式。”
language:语言
That's what teachers and educators want, is to get kids communicating."
所有的教师和教师的希望就是让学生交流。
teachers:教师
They could take up that bill sitting at the desk, they could pass it, they could amend it and they could help move the process.
他们本应该拿起办公桌上的这份法案，通过它，修订它，从而促进这个进程。
desk:办公桌
The company that owns the New York Stock Exchange has been sold to a rival—the American firm Intercontinental Exchange for more than $8bn dollars. Our business reporter is Mark Gregory.
”纽约证券出售的母公司已被对手洲际出售集团以80多亿美元收购，商业记者Mark Gregory报道。
sold:出售
The company that owns the New York Stock Exchange has been sold to a rival—the American firm Intercontinental Exchange for more than $8bn dollars. Our business reporter is Mark Gregory.
”纽约证券交易所的母公司已被对手洲际交易所集团以80多亿美元收购，坚固记者Mark Gregory报道。
firm:坚固
Tens of thousands of people from the Horn of Africa cross the gulf every year fleeing violence and economic hardship.
为逃跑暴力和经济困境，每年非洲之角有数万人越过海湾。
fleeing:逃跑
Mr Assange said an investigation by the US authorities over the publication of secret documents posed a continued threat to his life and work.
”阿桑奇称美国当局对秘密文档的出版进行调查，这对他的生活和出版都造成了威胁。
publication:出版
A woman in the Canadian province of Ontario has gone to court to regain custody of her monkey after the animal was found on its own at an IKEA furniture store.
加拿大安大略省一名妇女的猴子被发现出现在宜家商店，这名妇女已经从法院再次恢复对猴子的监护权。
regain:恢复
It is illegal to have this kind of exotic pet in Toronto. But in court today the former owner Yasmin Nakhuda argued that the seizure was not legal because she claimed she was made to hand over ownership of the monkey under threats of criminal prosecution.
在安大略省，收养这种珍奇宠物是非法的，但今天在法庭上，猴子的原主人纳赫达称没收猴子是非法的，因为她说她是在刑事指控的威胁下被要求接管这只猴子的。
pet:宠物
When agriculture came to Britain, it led to a surge of construction as impressive—and rapid—as the one that followed the industrial revolution.
随着农业在英国生根萌芽，建筑业也随之蓬勃兴旺，其发展速度之快，令人印象之深刻毫不逊色于英国工业革命之后的那次农业革命。
revolution:革命
Stratigraphy, which looks at the soil layers in which artefacts are found, tells you only which ones are older and which younger.
而地理學采用的方法是通过对已发现古代文物的土壤层进行探测分析，从而判断土壤年代的远近。
Stratigraphy:地理學
And by using a statistical technique called Bayesian analysis it is possible to combine such disparate pieces of information to produce a consolidated estimate that is more accurate than any of its components.
通过贝叶斯分析的统计技术，这些分散孤立的信息可能被整合成一个可靠详实的估计数值，这比单一研究其中的任何一条信息都更为精确。
technique:技术
The results have caused them to reinterpret the Neolithic past quite radically.
这些成果可以让他们更为彻底地重新诠释新石器过去。
past:过去
The team's work offers such a sharp picture of the past that it is possible to trace the histories even of individual communities, such as one in Essex whose inhabitants built, used and then abandoned an enclosure within the span of a single generation.
考古研究小组为我们展示了清晰的远古画面，让我们可以追溯到更远的历史甚至小的居民群落，例如在埃塞克斯（Essex)考古遗址,考古人员发现了当时原始居民修建，使用和后来废弃的围场，它伴随了一代人的成长。
inhabitants:居民
English Heritage now plans to apply the technique to another murky era of British history, the early Anglo-Saxon period between 400AD and 700AD.
现在英国古迹署计划将此技术应用于英国另一段有着模糊记载的历史年代，即介于公元400年至公元700年的早期盎格鲁-撒克逊时代。
era:时代
Unlike traditional radiocarbon dating, which can be bought off the shelf, Dr Bayliss reckons it takes between three and four years to train a graduate researcher to use the new technique properly.
传统的放射碳断代法是一种现学现卖的它，但地层学与之不同，Bayliss博士认为培养一名完全掌握此项新它且具有硕士学位的研究人员得需要三到四年的时间。
it:它
But her mother thought of their Surrey home as the “house”, whereas their Nigerian home was “home”, a character-building “tropical gulag” with kerosene lamps, rice-and-okra soup, “body-temperature Coca-Cola” and a live-in tribe of cackling uncles and aunts. Home, that is, until Noo’s father, Ken Saro-Wiwa, a businessman and activist from the oil-rich region of Ogoni, was arrested, imprisoned and then hanged in 1995 for his outspoken political views.
但Saro -Wiwa的妈妈把这个叶萨里郡的家当成一座房子，而在尼日利亚的家才是真正意义上的“家”：标志性建筑“热带拉格”中的煤油灯和大米秋葵粥，暖暖的可乐，家族中长辈的高谈阔论--这才是真正意义上的家，直到Noo的父亲肯·萨洛-威瓦，这个来自于奥格尼的商人和活动家，因为他的直言不讳的政治言论，而逮捕入狱，随后又于1995年活处于极刑。
live:活
The trips back to Nigeria came to an abrupt stop.
尼日利亚的旅行才戛然而止。
trips:旅行
Along the way, she allows herself to be surprised by kindness and humour, making new friends who open her eyes to the passion, wit and ingenuity of her homeland.
Saro -Wiwa惊叹于尼日利亚人民的仁慈幽默，并结交新朋友—他们展开双臂拥抱这个充满激情，智慧，富有创造力的国家。
kindness:仁慈
Along the way, she allows herself to be surprised by kindness and humour, making new friends who open her eyes to the passion, wit and ingenuity of her homeland.
Saro -Wiwa惊叹于尼日利亚人民的善良幽默，并结交新朋友—他们展开双臂拥抱这个充满激情，智慧，富有创造力的打开。
open:打开
Along the way, she allows herself to be surprised by kindness and humour, making new friends who open her eyes to the passion, wit and ingenuity of her homeland.
Saro -Wiwa惊叹于尼日利亚人民的善良幽默，并结交新朋友—他们展开双臂拥抱这个充满激情，智慧，富有聪明的国家。
ingenuity:聪明
Along the way, she allows herself to be surprised by kindness and humour, making new friends who open her eyes to the passion, wit and ingenuity of her homeland.
Saro -Wiwa惊叹于尼日利亚人民的善良幽默，并结交新朋友—他们展开双臂拥抱这个充满激情，智慧，富有创造力的祖国。
homeland:祖国
Although all baby bees are fed royal jelly at first, queen bee larvae receive extra helpings and continue to be fed the rich food longer than regular larvae.
虽然刚开始所有的蜜蜂宝宝都是吃的蜂王浆，但比起普通的幼虫，蜂王幼虫会接受额外的关注，并且会一直有丰富的食物。
receive:接受
Inevitably, entrepreneurs have attempted to capitalize on royal jelly by creating jelly-infused dietary supplements that supposedly make people stronger and more virile.
必然地，企业家们试图利用蜂王浆牟利，他们大量制作注入浆做的营养保健品，大概能使人的身体更强壮和更有男子气概。
make:做
Although it does the trick for bees, there’s no solid proof that the stuff will make you king or queen for even a day.
尽管它对蜜蜂管用，但并没有确凿的证明证明它能够让你成为哪怕一天的国王或女王。
proof:证明
The problem is that "lie" also means to not tell the truth, as in "I lied to my mother." So you would say in the past tense "I lay on the bed because I was tired."
问题是，" lie"还表示说谎的意思，例如在这一句中：I lied to my mother.所以你可以以过去过去表示：" I lay on the bed because I was tired."
past:过去
People often add an apostrophe to "its" in a sentence like "The group made its decision."
在" The 人物 made its decision."这样的句子中，人们通常在its中间加上单引号。
People:人物
The Purdue Online Writing Lab also explains how to organize papers and avoid plagiarizing other peoples' work.
珀杜网上书写实验室还介绍了怎样写论文，避免抄袭他人的实验室。
Lab:实验室
It's a reminder of that horrific moment in 2004, the day after Christmas, when the tsunami snuffed the life out of hundreds of thousands of innocent victims.
这部电影提醒人们铭记2004年的恐怖津波时刻,圣诞节后的那一天海啸夺走成千上万无辜受害者的生命。
tsunami:津波
Many have criticized the film's focus on an upper class European family while hundreds of thousands of Asians perished.
”许多人批评这部电影集中注意力在上层阶级的欧洲家庭而事实上成千上万的亚洲人丧生。
focus:集中注意力
But, by using this family, Bayona shines a light through darkness and leaves a memorial to all those who were lost.
但是,通过使用这个家庭,巴亚纳闪光了一盏明灯穿过黑暗并纪念那些逝去的人们。
shines:闪光
Financial reform activist Robert Bixby says the biggest problem for the American economy is the country's political system.
金融改革活动家罗伯特·比克斯比（Robert Bixby）表示，美国经济面临的最大问题是该国的政治经济。
economy:经济
He was interrupted twice by protesters. "NRA, stop killing our children!"
他被抗议者被中断了两次，他们高呼“NRA，别杀我们的孩子！
interrupted:被中断
The Islamist Ansar Dine Movement and the ethnic Tuareg MNLA made the announcement after meeting in Algeria.
“伊斯兰卫士”运动和图阿雷格部族阿扎瓦德民族解放运动（MNLA）在阿尔及利亚会谈后做出如此宣布。
announcement:宣布
Several hours before the close of polling, the vice president, Mahmoud Mekki, a well-known judge, announced he was stepping down.
就在选举接近之前的几小时，知名法官副总统马哈茂德•梅基宣称辞职。
close:接近
The government of Tunisia is putting up for auction property that had belonged to the ousted president, Zine al Abidine Ben Ali, and some of his relatives.
突尼斯政府开始拍卖属于逐总统扎因•阿比丁•本•阿里及其部分亲属的家产。
belonged:属于
The so-called Vatileaks scandal, which erupted after publication of some of the confidential correspondences stolen from the Pope's desk, has been a major embarrassment to Pope Benedict this year.
自从机密书信被从教皇书桌上盗走并发表出来，这件丑闻一直令班尼迪克教皇很羞辱。
embarrassment:羞辱
But the World Cell Race, due to begin at the end of this month, will be the sporting event of the year for cell biologists.
但是预计将于本月底举行的世界细胞种族将是今年细胞生物学家的体育盛会。
Race:种族
Metastatic tumour cells—those which have spread from the site of the original tumour—migrate faster than other cells.
转移性肿瘤细胞---那些已从原发部位扩散开的细胞---比别的细胞迁移得要快。
migrate:迁移
If the genes that cause this mobility could be turned off, it would slow a cancer’s spread.
如果导致这种流动性的基因能被关掉，这将慢癌症的扩散速度。
slow:慢
Hence the idea of the race, which Dr Piel and Dr Lennon-Duménil (who both work at the Curie Institute in Paris) and Dr Théry (at the Atomic Energy Research Centre in Grenoble) came up with at last year’s meeting of the American Society for Cell Biology.
因此，彼尔博士（Piel）和列侬-邓内尔（Lennon -Dum énil）（两人在巴黎的居里研究所工作）和西里( Th éry)博士（在格勒诺布尔的原子能研究中心工作）在去年的美国细胞生物学学会的会议上提出这次种族的想法。
race:种族
Also, acid rain accelerates the decay of buildings, statues, and sculptures.
同时，酸雨还会加快建筑物，雕像，雕像等的腐蚀。
statues:雕像
Traditional healers inoculated scratches in the skin with a small amount of pus infected with smallpox.
传统医师通过感染正常人注射天花患者的少量脓液来进行预防接种。
infected:感染
Today, math and science are still a large part of the education.
今天，数学和数学仍然占据西点教育的大部分。
math:数学
The National Salvation Front says the vote was marred by irregularities, but they will not dispute the results of the poll.
国家救世阵线称这次投票存在违规行为，但不会对投票结果进行争议。
Salvation:救世
The coalition of rebel groups, which has advanced rapidly over the past ten days, is now in control of Bambari, a town at a key crossroads between diamond mining sites and routes to the east.
反叛联盟联盟过去10天来势如破竹，如今已控制班贝利，该市处于连接钻矿和通往东方航道的关键交叉口。
coalition:联盟
The coalition of rebel groups, which has advanced rapidly over the past ten days, is now in control of Bambari, a town at a key crossroads between diamond mining sites and routes to the east.
反叛组织联盟过去10天来势如破竹，如今已控制班贝利，该市处于连接钻矿和高级东方航道的关键交叉口。
advanced:高级
The authorities in the northeastern state of Manipur said the police were forced to act when the protest turned violent.
东北部曼尼普尔邦当局称由于抗议转为暴力，警察警察开枪。
police:警察
Chile has raised the alert level for the Copahue volcano to red, the highest possible, as signs of an activity in the area increased overnight.
智利政府将德科帕韦火山的境界程度提升至最大可能性即红色，这表明该地区的地质活动突然间升高。
raised:升高
Chile has raised the alert level for the Copahue volcano to red, the highest possible, as signs of an activity in the area increased overnight.
智利政府将德科帕韦火山的境界程度提升至最大可能的即红色，这表明该地区的地质活动突然间增加。
possible:可能的
As they approached the burning building they were shot at by William Spengler who was lying in wait and is thought to have been armed with a rifle.
当他们到达正在燃烧的建筑物时他们遭到正在专程躺着等候的威廉•斯宾格勒开枪射击，当时他可能手执接近。
approached:接近
Two of the firemen died at the scene while two others are being treated for gunshot wounds in intensive care.
两名消防员当场死亡，而另两名伤口的消防员正在重病特别护理室接受治疗。
wounds:伤口
The international envoy to Syria, Lakhdar Brahimi, has met President Bashar al-Assad on the second day of his visit to Damascus.
国际派往叙利亚的特使，卜拉希米在抵达大马士革的第二天参观了总统阿萨德。
visit:参观
President Assad said he supported any effort that preserved Syria’s sovereignty.
总统阿萨德表示他支持保留叙利亚主权独立性的任何努力。
preserved:保留
Mr. Brahimi said Mr. Assad had given him his view of the situation while he had briefed the president on his meetings with regional and international leaders and explained the steps he thought were needed to help end the crisis.
卜拉希米先生称阿萨德先生已表达了他对目前危机的看法，而卜拉希米先生也在各地区和国际领导人在场的会议上，简要地向总统阿萨德告之并解释了他认为应该采取的有助于结束危机的措施。
crisis:危机
He said the results would be announced on Tuesday, but it's already clear there’ll be a comfortable majority in favor of the document backed by Islamist President Morsi, as Bethany Bell reports from Cairo.
他说，公投结果可能会在周三公布，但是，已经很清楚，由伊斯兰总统穆尔西支持并且有利于总统的报告将获得绝大多数选票，Bethany Bell从开罗报道。
reports:报告
More than 60% of Egyptians voted “yes” to the constitution according to an early tally.
根据初步统计，超过60%的埃及人对宪法投了“按照”票。
according:按照
But the opposition has complained a voting fraud, although it doesn't contest the overall result of the poll.
但是，反对党投诉这是投票欺诈行为，尽管它并不对这次选举的整体结果表示抗议。
voting:投票
President Jacob Zuma who has visited Nelson Mandela several times, has called on South Africans to keep the 94-year-old leader in their thoughts and prayers over the festive period.
总统祖马来医院看望了曼德拉先生几次，并号召南非人民挂念着这位94岁的前领导人，并在节目时间为他祈祷。
times:时间
President Jacob Zuma who has visited Nelson Mandela several times, has called on South Africans to keep the 94-year-old leader in their thoughts and prayers over the festive period.
总统祖马来医院看望了曼德拉先生几次，并号召南非人民挂念着这位94岁的前领导人，并在节目年份为他祈祷。
year:年份
“Parents who have financial problems can not send their children to school regularly. Sometimes they ask their children to work and help in their work.”
“那些有经济问题的父母们不能让自己的孩子正常上学，有时候他们要求孩子做工，或者帮助他们做工。
problems:问题
Activists say government efforts have stamped out blatant labor abuses at many large factories.
”努力人士说，政府的措施已让许多大工厂的公开虐待工人情况得到约束。
efforts:努力
Director Sompong Srakaew says without government sponsored schools like this, the problem would be worse: “Migrant children who accompany their parents, if they are not supported to be able to go to school, they can not develop themselves.
组织总监Sompong Srakaew说，如果没有像这样由政府资助的学校，儿童辍学的问题还要严重：“对于这些陪同父母做工的移民孩子来说，如果他们得不到赞助，那么他们就不能发展自己的能力。
sponsored:赞助
“Teachers followed up. But were informed that they went back to their home country or other provinces. Students did not come back into the schools system again.
“我们老师进行了跟踪了解，但是他们被通知说，这些学生跟随了祖国或者其他省份，这些学生没有再跟随学校接受教育，只有5%的学生在经过国籍验证后跟随学校学习。
followed:跟随
Principal Pisarn says if these children were simply made legal, they would not have to leave, could attend class more and better avoid exploitation.
Pisarn校长说，如果这些孩子能通过简单的方法获得合法身份，他们可能就不会离开，可能就会更多和更好地上学，避免出席剥削。
attend:出席
D: Dentists sometimes will fill a cavity by putting in a filling while the decay is still in the enamel.
D:当珐琅质遭到腐蚀时，医生有的同时会采取补牙的方式进行治疗。
while:同时
People in costume join the nightly procession along Olvera Street, the city's Hispanic center.
服装盛装的人们加入到位于这座城市拉美裔中心墨西哥街的夜间队伍当中。
costume:服装
As churches in L.A.'s historic Philippine and Korean neighborhoods display Christmas decorations, Father John Bakas of St. Sophia Greek Orthodox Cathedral also prepares for the holiday celebration, which extends in his church from Christmas to the Feast of the Epiphany on January 6.
而随着洛杉矶的菲律宾和韩国历史街区的各处教堂布置圣诞装饰品,圣索菲娅希腊东正教大教堂的约翰·巴卡斯神父也准备着节日的庆祝活动,他的聖堂将从圣诞节延伸至1月6日的主显节宴会。
Cathedral:聖堂
That “unwillingness” has been reflected in protests, like this one in Greece, and at the ballot box, where voters in some countries have elected anti-austerity governments.
这种“不情愿”反映在抗议活动中，就像希腊的这次投票，有的国家的选民当选了反紧缩政策的政府。
elected:当选
"It doesn’t yet filter through into the sentiment on the street because incomes are stagnating, unemployment is still high.”
但这种情绪并未渗透到大街上，因为收入还在停滞失业，失业率仍很高。”
unemployment:失业
But it’s better not to let it happen in the first place.
但是，“防患于未然”总是更好的啊！
better:更好
Y: Actually, your body is designed so that by the time air reaches your lungs, it’s been warmed up and moisturized by your nasal passages, throat, and trachea.
Y ：实际上，我们的身体是有应对措施的，当空气进入肺部之前就已经被鼻腔，喉咙和空气加湿，加热。
air:空气
Y:Well,when the air is frigid, it doesn’t warm up sufficiently before it reaches the airways leading to your lungs, and so it shocks the surrounding muscles and causes them to contract.
Y ：因为在寒冷的空气到达通向肺部的空气时还没有得到充分的热身，所以冲击到周围的肌肉使其收缩。
air:空气
Calories and Corsets: A History of Dieting Over 2000 Years. By Louise Foxcroft.
《卡路里和束身衣：2000年来的饮食历史》Lousise Foxcroft著。
Dieting:饮食
Some diets are more sensible than others, but any regimen that promises swift and dramatic results will doom most followers to failure.
一些饮食政权明显比其他的要有效果，但是任何承诺快速有效的养生方法都注定让它的实践者们失败。
regimen:政权
“The diet industry is all about exploitation and profit,” writes Louise Foxcroft in “Calories and Corsets”, her slim new book about the history of dieting.
“饮食产业几乎只有开发和盈利”Louise Foxcroft在《卡路里和束束身衣》一书中写道，她薄薄的新书描述了饮食的历史。
dieting:饮食
Less a banquet than a tasting menu (the tone is breezy, opinionated and occasionally rushed), she chronicles more than 2,000 years of movers, shakers and tummy-tuckers, highlighting both the wise and the wacky.
她的书与其说是一场宴会，不如说是一本激起人食欲的菜单（整本书语调轻松，观点明确，有时有些咄咄逼人），Foxcroft按时间顺序，编写了2000多年来的行动者,有影响的人物和减肥人士,既写聪明人，也记叙古怪的人。
banquet:宴会
Unlike the other deadly sins, gluttony is visible and so is often judged harshly, as if heft were always evidence of wanton indulgence or laziness. (The link between genetics and metabolism was not discovered until the 20th century.)
不同于其他致命的罪恶，暴饮暴食是显而易见的，因此常招致严厉的批评，似乎重量就是放肆纵容和懒惰的证据（直到20世纪，遗传学和新陈代谢之间的联系才被发现）尤其是在艰难世纪如两次世界大战，肥胖的人往往被视为是叛徒。
century:世纪
When it comes to diets, women occupy a perversely central place, argues Ms Foxcroft.
Foxcroft女士地点，当谈到节食时，女性通常占据着主导地位。
place:地点
They are condemned for their gluttony, criticised for their vanity, manipulated for their insecurity and also blamed for the flab on their husbands and children.
她们常因暴食受到谴责，因虚荣招致批评，因心神不定而被人利用，因丈夫和孩子身上的flab受到指责。
flab:flab
This created a larger market for dieting solutions, particularly fads such as cold-rain douches, chest beatings, electrode zappings and massages that promised to crush subcutaneous fat globules.
这为饮食计划创造了更大的市场，尤其是冷水灌洗，击打胸部，电极刺激和按摩这些承诺可以减少皮下脂肪的方法。
dieting:饮食
Lasting changes need slow but steady modifications to lifestyle.
持久的修改需要对生活方式进行缓慢但稳定的调整。
modifications:修改
"Where does the car end and the phone begin?" asked Chris Anderson, the editor of Wired magazine, at a brain-storming session organised by Audi, a carmaker.
在一个由汽车汽车制造商Audi组织的研讨会上，"哪里是人工的终结，智能的开始？" Wired杂志的主编Chris Anderson问道。
carmaker:汽车制造商
In tough times, many carmakers are innovating like fury.
在汽车行业不景气的时候，不少汽车汽车制造商都在疯狂地创新。
carmakers:汽车制造商
Some carmakers are also tempting buyers with more mundane services, such as priority parking or cheap deals on fuel (whether petrol, hydrogen or electricity).
一些汽车汽车制造商也用更多的普通服务来吸引买家，比如提供优先停车位和便宜的燃料方案（不管是汽油，氢还是电力）。
carmakers:汽车制造商
Some carmakers are also tempting buyers with more mundane services, such as priority parking or cheap deals on fuel (whether petrol, hydrogen or electricity).
一些汽车制造商也用更多的普通服务来吸引买家，比如提供优先停车位和便宜的汽油方案（不管是汽油，氢还是电力）。
petrol:汽油
Even Volkswagen's new single-seater electric commuter, with its narrow body and wide wheelbase, looks rather like a 1950s racing-car.
就连大众的新款单座通勤概念车，窄窄的车身和宽宽的轴距，怎么看怎么像19世纪50年代的电。
electric:电
TrueCar taps into data from state vehicle-registration offices, car-loan providers and other sources to compile what it says are the most accurate figures available for what motorists pay for the same car locally. This can be several hundred dollars less than the sticker price, and is often below "invoice"—the price that, according to the paperwork sent by the carmaker, represents the wholesale price the dealer paid.
TureCar从车辆登记所、车贷机构和其他渠道得到的数据中总结出其所谓的最精准的当地最低车价，这个价格通常便宜几百美元，甚至经常低于"发票价"，即汽车汽车制造商给予汽车经销商的纸面批发价。
carmaker:汽车制造商
In fact dealers receive various rebates from carmakers, and make money from such things as loans and service contracts, so a modest profit is still possible.
实际上经销商从厂商接受各种回扣，并通过像车贷及售后等服务赚取利润，所以最低利润还是有的。
receive:接受
In fact dealers receive various rebates from carmakers, and make money from such things as loans and service contracts, so a modest profit is still possible.
实际上经销商从汽车制造商获取各种回扣，并通过像车贷及售后等服务赚取利润，所以最低利润还是有的。
carmakers:汽车制造商
Honda insists dealers can sell at whatever price they wish, but it will not pay them to market its products as "cheap" or "low-end" cars.
本田表示经销商可以自己定价出售，但厂商不会为了将其产品宣传成"便宜货"或是"低档货"而支付费用。
sell:出售
Honda insists dealers can sell at whatever price they wish, but it will not pay them to market its products as "cheap" or "low-end" cars.
本田表示经销商可以自己定价销售，但厂商不会为了将其产品宣传成"便宜产品"或是"低档产品"而支付费用。
products:产品
Egypt’s Supreme Election Commission says the new constitution has been approved by almost 64% of voters.
埃及最高选举委员会称新宪法以近64%的支持率已批准。
approved:已批准
A military spokesman told the BBC the attackers fired at worshippers in a small local church during midnight mass on Christmas Eve.
军队发言人告诉BBC，袭击者在平安夜子夜弥撒时对当地一座小教堂的礼拜者被开枪。
fired:被开枪
The plane crashed some 20 kilometers away from its destination as it was descending to land.
这架飞机坠落在将要坠毁时坠毁在据目的地20公里处。
crashed:坠毁
Polices in New York state have given more details of the killing of two volunteer firefighters shot dead on Monday after being lured to a place set as a trap by a man who then killed himself.
周一，纽约两名志愿消防员被一名志愿人员引诱来到一个地方然后被杀，目前纽约警方对这场谋杀案透露了更多细节。
volunteer:志愿人员
He had a distinguished career in classical music. He was also a prolific writer of film and television scores, earning 3 Oscar nominations.
他在经典音乐上的成就举世瞩目，他还是一名多产的电影和电视配乐作家，挣钱三次奥斯卡提名。
earning:挣钱
A huge fire in Lagos, Nigeria biggest city has killed at least one person and injured 30 others.
尼日利亚首都拉各斯发生大火，人至少1人丧生，伤及30多人。
person:人
The fire was caused by an explosion at a warehouse where fireworks were being stored.
一座仓库烟花的仓库发生爆炸，由此引起大火。
warehouse:仓库
Eyewitnesses reported chaotic scenes with local residents helping firefighters douse the flames as fireworks continued to go off in the blazing building.
目击者报道称场面混乱，就在当地居民帮助救生员沉睡大火之时，仓库里的烟火仍在继续爆炸。
douse:沉睡
A winter storm system has wreaked havoc in southern and central areas of the United States spawning more than 30 tornados as well as the blizzards and snow storms.
美国南部和中部发生的冬季暴风对当地产卵巨大破坏，并引发暴风雪和30多场暴风。
spawning:产卵
A winter storm system has wreaked havoc in southern and central areas of the United States spawning more than 30 tornados as well as the blizzards and snow storms.
美国南部和中部发生的冬季暴风雨对当地造成巨大破坏，并引发暴风雨雪和30多场暴风雨。
blizzards:暴风雨
The storm system is huge. Blizzard and wintery weather warnings now stretch from the Deep South through Ohio and Middle West and all the way up to main in New England.
这场风暴来势很猛，暴雪和严寒天气警报已穿过俄亥俄和中西部从南方腹地向新英格兰迈进。
Blizzard:暴雪
The governing body of European Football says it has decided to appeal against the controversial ruling by its own disciplinary body imposing sanctions on Serbia because of a racist abuse and a brawl during a match earlier this year.
欧洲足球官方机构称决定起诉其纪检部门，原因是该部门就年初一场比赛年份的种族主义伤害和吵闹事件对塞尔维亚实施制裁。
year:年份
While Hume's best known for working with rappers like David Banner, Bonecrusher and Ludacris, his background also includes time spent doing regular singer-songwriter gigs at The Bluebird Cafe in Nashville and playing mandolin in a southern rock band.
虽然休谟由于曾与像大卫·班纳，Bonecrusher和卢达克里斯这样的说唱歌手一起合作而闻名遐迩,但他的背景还包括花期间在纳什维尔蓝鸟咖啡屋定期创作写词演唱歌手的特约演奏及在一家南方摇滚乐队演奏曼陀林。
While:期间
While Hume's best known for working with rappers like David Banner, Bonecrusher and Ludacris, his background also includes time spent doing regular singer-songwriter gigs at The Bluebird Cafe in Nashville and playing mandolin in a southern rock band.
虽然休谟由于曾与像大卫·班纳，Bonecrusher和卢达克里斯这样的说唱吉他手一起合作而闻名遐迩,但他的背景还包括花时间在纳什维尔蓝鸟咖啡屋定期创作写词演唱吉他手的特约演奏及在一家南方摇滚乐队演奏曼陀林。
rappers:吉他手
It opens with “Fork In The Road,” the title track of The Infamous Stringdusters' 2007 debut.
《银色天空》以《Fork In The Road》，这首Stringdusters乐队2007年的处女作主打歌首演。
debut:首演
The books were a great success even though some critics did not like them.
这些书大获伟大的，尽管有些评论家不喜欢它们。
great:伟大的
While writing, he thought of its natural beauty and then of the words of Count de Buffon.
在写作期间，他想到了那些自然美景，随后又想到了布丰伯爵的话。
While:期间
At that moment, Jefferson created a new word – belittle.
在那一刻，杰斐逊创造了一个新词- 轻微。
belittle:轻微
He said, "Belittle has no chance of becoming English.
他说：“貝利特爾不可能成为英语。
Belittle:貝利特爾
And as more critical writers of America, like those of Britain, feel no need of it, the sooner it is forgotten, the better."
随着越来越多的美国作家开始和英国作家一样，觉得它一无所是，它越早被遗忘越更好。”
better:更好
Today, belittle is used, not only in the United States and England, but in other countries where the English language is spoken.
今天，轻微不仅在美国和英国，还在其他使用英语的国家得到了广泛应用。
belittle:轻微
On January first, both houses of the United States Congress approved a plan that will increase taxes for most Americans.
1月1日，美国国会两院已批准一项向大部分美国人增税的计划。
approved:已批准
We're also going to talk about home schooling in the United States as part of our “Ask an American” series.
我们还会聊聊美国的家中教育来去‘问问美国人’系列节目的内容。
going:去
The motor in the car - the engine in the car, motor and engine are the same thing here - should start running.
车子就会发动起来，engine（引擎）跟引擎在这里指的是同一个东西。
engine:引擎
The motor in the car - the engine in the car, motor and engine are the same thing here - should start running.
车子就会发动起来，engine（引擎）跟引擎在这里指的是同一个东西。
engine:引擎
When I gave him the car, he looked at it and said there was nothing wrong with the battery, that the battery was working just fine, and so was the rest of the engine.
当我把车开过去时，他看了一下然后说，我的电池没有问题，电池功能正常，引擎的其它休息也是正常的。
rest:休息
This happens to me a lot, I have something that doesn't work - that breaks or breaks down, we would say, meaning in stops working, like a machine, a computer, a car.
我身上老是发生这样的事情，像是机器或者电脑或者汽车坏掉时，我会把它们弄到有那里进行修理，让它们恢复正常。
have:有
They talk about it at a normal speed - at a fast speed - but we stop and explain what they are saying so you can understand it better.
他们会使用正常说，会快一点，但是我们会暂停解释他们所说的内容来帮助大家理解。
saying:说
She says she's “better off,” meaning she is doing better than if she were in a regular school because she gets “a lot of one on one time,” meaning that one of her parents can be with her, and there are just two of them.
她说，她感觉better off，意思是她这样做比上正常的学校要更好，因为她能有更多的与老师‘一对一’的时间。
better:更好
She says she's “better off,” meaning she is doing better than if she were in a regular school because she gets “a lot of one on one time,” meaning that one of her parents can be with her, and there are just two of them.
她说，她感觉better off，意思是她这样做比上正常的学校要更好，因为她能有更多的与老师‘一对一’的时间。
better:更好
“To mature” (mature) means to grow older; to become more sophisticated, in a way; to be able to act in a manner that is more like an adult.
mature指的是生长成熟，在某种程度上生长得更世故，能像个大人一样处事。
grow:生长
Many children think that it's better to be in the front of the car next to their mother or father or the person driving, so they'll say, “I'm going to ride shotgun.”
很多孩子觉得最好是坐在他们的母亲或者开车的人旁边，所以他们会说‘我要坐前排’。
mother:母亲
Many children think that it's better to be in the front of the car next to their mother or father or the person driving, so they'll say, “I'm going to ride shotgun.”
很多孩子觉得最好是坐在他们的父亲或者开车的人旁边，所以他们会说‘我要坐前排’。
father:父亲
Jen: Well, lots of men tend to exaggerate their symptoms when they have a minor illness; in other words, they make it sound worse than it actually is.
嗯，当生了一些小病时，很多男人都会对其症状夸大其词。换句话说，他们会说得比实际情况更糟。
worse:更糟
Making straight for the door is much wiser, since he who hangs around risks being eaten by his consort.
拍拍屁股直接走悬挂是更为聪明的做法，因为自己随时可能成为性伴侣的口食。
hangs:悬挂
Many animals—not just spiders—make plugs of mucus to seal the female's orifice after mating.
包括蜘蛛在内的许多女都会制作一种封堵粘液，以便交配之后将雌性伴侣的生殖管道封闭。
female:女
Normally such plugs are secreted by the male, to stymie subsequent suitors.
通常不耐烦下，这种粘液由雄性分泌，以此阻断其它狂蜂浪碟的追求欲念。
stymie:不耐烦
After studying this phenomenon for several years, Anita Aisenberg of the Clemente Estable Institute of Biological Research in Uruguay has concluded that females are able to assess a male's quality during mating and that they assist plug formation only when a mate passes muster and they thus wish to give his sperm priority.
乌拉圭Clemente Estable生物研究所的Anita Aisenberg对此现象潜心研究几年后得出结论，雌性蜘蛛在交配现象中能够评估雄性蜘蛛的质素，只有被雌性蜘蛛认可了的雄性蜘蛛才可能协助他封堵自己的生殖管道并优先采用其精液受孕。
phenomenon:现象
On ten of these occasions the male's pedipalps then seemed to get stuck while he was transferring the sperm (which is rarely the case in other species of spider), and he had great difficulty freeing In two of those ten instances, he was eaten as a result.
这14例交配中出现10例雄性蜘蛛在输送精液时，"须肢"似乎似乎卡在了雌性蜘蛛的性器官内（此情况在其它种类蜘蛛身上极少发生），使他难以挣脱。10例中有2例以雄性蜘蛛似乎吃掉而告终。
seemed:似乎
On ten of these occasions the male's pedipalps then seemed to get stuck while he was transferring the sperm (which is rarely the case in other species of spider), and he had great difficulty freeing In two of those ten instances, he was eaten as a result.
这14例交配中出现10例雄性蜘蛛在输送精液同时，"须肢"似乎被卡在了雌性蜘蛛的性器官内（此情况在其它种类蜘蛛身上极少发生），使他难以挣脱。10例中有2例以雄性蜘蛛被吃掉而告终。
while:同时
The two researchers conclude, therefore, that what was once a mechanism which allowed females to discriminate between males has evolved into a way of trapping them so that they can be consumed at leisure.
因此两位研究人员得出结论，雌性蜘蛛过去用来判别雄性蜘蛛质素的机制已经演化成"诱骗"他们的手段，并从容地消费被诱骗的雄性蜘蛛。
consumed:消费
The senior Democrat in Congress Harry Reid says the United State seems to be heading for the financial crisis known as the fiscal cliff unless politicians stop scrambling.
国会资深民主党人哈里•瑞德说，除非民主党人们停止争夺，美国似乎要走上被称作“财政悬崖”的财政危机。
Democrat:民主党人
President Obama has returned to Washington after cutting short his Christmas holiday to try to bring the parties together.
”总统奥巴马过完简短的圣诞节后已经返回华盛顿，试图将各党团结起来。
returned:返回
Iran is pressed for hard currencies. Oil exports have been reduced to less than a half in the past six months as a result of European and American sanctions.
伊朗货币汇率下降，由于欧洲和美国的制裁，过去6个月月石油出口减少到原来的不到一半。
months:月
But they have continued to advance and taken over major towns in the center of the country.
但叛军仍在继续，并夺取该国中部重镇。
continued:继续
But they have continued to advance and taken over major towns in the center of the country.
但叛军仍在被采纳，并夺取该国中部重镇。
taken:被采纳
Shares in the troubled Spanish bank, Bankia, have falled by a fifth after a government report said the lender had a negative value because of huge losses on bad loans.
困境重重的西班牙Bankia银行的股价下降1/ 5，此前政府的报告称这家银行因坏账麻烦巨额损失，目前股价为负值。
troubled:麻烦
The report, valuing the bank at MINUS 5.6b dollars, indicated its losses were worse than expected.
这份报告称这家银行的股价为负5.6美元，称其亏损比预料的要更糟。
worse:更糟
Bankia is one of four Spanish banks due to receive financial assistance from the European Union.
Bankia是将从欧盟接受财政援助的四家西班牙银行之一。
receive:接受
After talks with leaders of the Center parties, Italy's former European commissioner made it clear that he will seek a second term.
在与中间党派领袖谈话后，这位欧盟委员会前成员明确表示将寻求第二任期。
talks:谈话
There are around 180 weekly magazines now filled with disgraced comment on Burma's political changes, but daily newspapers are still a state monopoly, that would change, according to a statement from the Information Ministry.
缅甸目前有约180家充斥着政改评论的周刊，这些评论很杂乱，但日报仍处于垄断状态，而信息部在声明中表示这方面将会填充。
filled:填充
There are around 180 weekly magazines now filled with disgraced comment on Burma's political changes, but daily newspapers are still a state monopoly, that would change, according to a statement from the Information Ministry.
缅甸目前有约180家充斥着政改评论的周刊，这些评论很杂乱，但日报仍处于垄断状态，而信息部在评论中表示这方面将会改变。
comment:评论
The doctors at a hospital in Singapore where she's been treated at the Indian government's expense said there were signs of severe organ failure.
女子目前在新加坡一家医院接受治疗，由印度政府支付开支，医生称女子表现出器官衰竭的迹象。
expense:开支
Ghana is considered as one of the most stable democracies in Africa.
一般考虑加纳是非洲最稳定的民主国家。
considered:考虑
Victor Jara's body was found days later in the streets of the Chilean capital with 44 bullet wounds.
四天后，在智利首都的大街上，人们发现了维克多•哈拉的遗体，身上有44处弹伤口。
wounds:伤口
Chinese children could face legal action if they don't visit often enough, although there's no guidance as to how often that should be.
如果不经常探望父母，中国的子女们将参观面临诉讼，尽管对探望的频率并无确切规定。
visit:参观
Cato Institute analyst Malou Innocent says U.S. President Barack Obama's second term is a chance to change the U.S. approach to Afghanistan.
卡托研究所的分析师马卢·因森特称美国总统巴拉克·奥巴马的第二任期是改变美国对阿富汗方法的一次说。
says:说
"It would be nice to have a political outcome here because that would give us a better sense that when we left in 2014 things would not come apart," he said.
“有这样一种政治结果在这里将会很更好,因为这将给我们更更好的感觉,当我们2014年离开的时候事情不会搞砸。
better:更好
The tracks were remastered to crystal clarity and among the selections include two Bob Dylan covers, Rodgers and Hart's “My Funny Valentine,” and a couple of originals including “Keepers,”an instrumental written by Merl Saunders and the band's bass player, John Kahn.
乐曲由crystal clarity重新灌录而且选择包括两张鲍勃·迪伦封面,罗杰斯和哈特的《My Funny Valentine》,还有一些包括莫丽尔·桑德斯和乐队贝斯手约翰·卡恩所原型的一首原创器乐曲《Keepers》。
originals:原型
The standards deal with language and mathematics in every grade from kindergarten through high school.
该教学标准涵盖从幼儿园到高中高的英语和数学两门学科。
high:高
Some educators in Massachusetts say adopting the proposal will hurt their students because the state standards are even higher.
马萨诸塞州一些教育家表示，通过该标准会使学生受到伤害，因为该州的标准甚至更高。
adopting:通过
John Kerry was awarded two combat medals and three Purple Hearts, which are given to those wounded in war.
克里获得了两枚战斗勋章和三枚奖牌给战争中负伤人员的紫心勋章。
medals:奖牌
The caves often lay on valley slopes and provided excellent views of animal migration routes.
这些洞穴通常都是位于山谷的斜坡，它是个观察动物移民路线的绝佳地方。
migration:移民
Before those world-changing inventions, prehistoric people were forced to follow their food away from the warmth and shelter of the cave.
在这些改变世界的发明出现之前，史前时期的人类被迫要远离温暖的避难所——洞穴，跟进寻找食物。
follow:跟进
The two competing males never even come in contact, but at a certain point one of them accepts defeat and sails away; while to the victor belongs to the spoiler’s.
两只雄性蝴蝶居然没有任何身体触碰，但是在某个同时已经决出胜负，而败者就自动离开。
while:同时
In infants, the level of glucocorticoid-receptor methylation is correlated with the release, in response to stress, of higher-than-normal amounts of stress hormones.
胎儿糖皮质激素的甲基化程度与人体抑郁时激素过多的压力激素有关。
hormones:激素
And in rats, such methylation makes young animals especially sensitive to stress, and also fearful of novelty.
而老鼠试验表明，这样的甲基化过程让幼小年轻对压力尤其敏感，对新鲜事物也感到恐惧。
young:年轻
Why, in light of such negative effects, have humans evolved to be programmed this way while still in the womb?
发现了这种消极效应后，科学家们不禁问道，为何人类还在子宫内的同时就被设立了这样的一个进化程序呢？
while:同时
If a mother lives in an environment where fear-inducing experiences are common, say, giving her offspring a sensitivity to fear may be no bad thing.
如果母亲生活在一个很容易产生害怕心理的环境里，那么让她的后代对害怕恐惧敏感也许并不是坏事。
fear:恐惧
If a mother lives in an environment where fear-inducing experiences are common, say, giving her offspring a sensitivity to fear may be no bad thing.
如果母亲生活在一个很容易产生害怕心理的环境里，那么让她的后代对害怕恐惧敏感也许并不是坏事。
fear:恐惧
ON JULY 22nd two teams of researchers based at CERN, Europe's main particle-physics laboratory, near Geneva, told a meeting of the European Physical Society in Grenoble that they had found the strongest hints yet that the Higgs boson does, in fact, exist.
7月22日，驻欧洲玻森物理研究所（CERN，邻近日内瓦的欧洲主要玻森物理实验室）的两组研究人员在格勒诺布尔( Grenoble)欧洲物理协会的一次会议上声称，他们已经得到迄今为止最有力的线索，将力证希格斯玻色子的确真实存在。
boson:玻森
The Higgs (named after Peter Higgs, a British physicist who predicted its existence) is the last unobserved part of the Standard Model, a 40-year-old theory which successfully describes the behaviour of all the fundamental particles and forces of nature bar gravity.
希格斯粒子（它以预言其存在的英国物理学家彼得·希格斯的名字命名）是"基础模型"中最后一个尚未观测到的组件，"基础模型"已有40年的历史，它成功英国人描述了所有基础粒子的行为及除重力以外的所有自然力。
British:英国人
The problem with the elusive boson is not creating it in the first place.
对于问题捉摸的玻色子而言，首要的问题并不是将其创造出来。
problem:问题
If a Higgs were to be made in such a collision, the complexity of hadrons means that other particles would be created along with the boson.
如果一个希格斯玻森产生在这样的一次碰撞中，那么强子的复杂构造意味着另外的玻森也将会伴随这个玻色子而出现。
boson:玻森
But other sorts of subatomic process that do not involve the Higgs can produce precisely the same final readings as those the missing boson is predicted to generate.
然而其他类型的不含希格斯玻森的亚原子衰变过程也能够精确地产生相同的最终观测结果，就跟缺失的希格斯玻森预定产生的一般。
boson:玻森
Finding a Higgs-like signal among the daughters is therefore not, by itself, enough to say you have discovered the Higgs.
因而在这些衍生粒子中寻找类似希格斯粒子的迹象本身并不足以证明你已经寻找希格斯粒子。
Finding:寻找
Neither reaches the exacting standard of proof that particle physicists require to accept a result unequivocally—namely one chance in 3.5m that it occurred by accident.
两者都达到粒子物理学家所提出能确定无疑地接受为证明的严苛标准——即三百五十万次实验中偶尔发生一次。
proof:证明
Both teams also ascribe the same mass to their putative Higgses, namely 130-150 gigaelectron-volts (the units in which particle physicists measure mass).
两个团队也认为他们所推定的希格斯粒子具有相同的质量，即130 —150吉电子伏特（这是粒子物理学测量质量所采用的一种球队）。
teams:球队
The book's chatty style (it is based on a conversation with Nicolas Truong, a French journalist) lends a deceptive simplicity to the ideas within.
该书的闲谈式风格（它以记者与一位法国记者尼古拉斯·特罗翁的谈话为基础）会让人误以为：书中的思想都很简单。
journalist:记者
Nonetheless, he leaves the reader with an incisive overview of philosophical thinking on love, from Plato to Kierkegaard to Lacan.
不过，对于从柏拉图到克尔凯郭尔再到拉康关于爱的哲学思想，他的概览可谓鞭辟入里。
overview:概览
Throughout the book Dr Dunbar excels at taking obvious and familiar information—men prefer curvy women; women prefer men who dance well; older women rarely reveal their ages in lonely-hearts columns—and explaining the complex and often unexpected evolutionary science that lies behind it all.
纵观全书，邓巴的高超之处在于利用人们常见且熟悉的信息——男人偏好曲线玲珑的女人；女人偏好舞技出众的男人；年龄稍大的女人很少在征友专栏揭露自己的年龄——同时解释了这些现象背后复杂且常出人意料的进化科学。
prefer:偏好
Throughout the book Dr Dunbar excels at taking obvious and familiar information—men prefer curvy women; women prefer men who dance well; older women rarely reveal their ages in lonely-hearts columns—and explaining the complex and often unexpected evolutionary science that lies behind it all.
纵观全书，邓巴的高超之处在于利用人们常见且熟悉的信息——男人偏好曲线玲珑的女人；女人偏好舞技出众的男人；年龄稍大的女人很少在征友专栏揭露自己的年龄——同时解释了这些现象背后复杂且常出人意料的进化科学。
prefer:偏好
It’ll pop, of course. The flame will heat the rubber to the point where it becomes weak and can’t hold up under the pressure from the air inside.
空气当然会爆了哦，橡胶在火焰的熏烤下会达到一个无法承受空气内气压“伤不起”的极限。
air:空气
When asked about it later, those participants who nodded their heads while listening agreed more strongly with the good editorial.
在听完后，当问及自己所听的社论怎么样同时，那些听好的社论的参与者觉得那篇社论相当不错。
while:同时
By nodding, they confirmed their thoughts, positive or negative.
由此可见，通过点头，他们坚定了自己的肯定或负的想法。
negative:负
While historically both agriculture and forestry have kept a low profile at climate change talks, the 2012 climate convention in Doha saw some attention being paid to the important role forests play in landscaping, biodiversity and food security.
一直以来，农业和森林业都不是气候变化谈判上的重点，2012年多哈气候会议开始重视森林在景观、林业多样性和粮食安全上发挥的重要作用。
forestry:林业
While historically both agriculture and forestry have kept a low profile at climate change talks, the 2012 climate convention in Doha saw some attention being paid to the important role forests play in landscaping, biodiversity and food security.
一直以来，农业和森林业都不是气候变化谈判上的重点，2012年多哈气候公约开始重视森林在景观、生物多样性和粮食安全上发挥的重要作用。
convention:公约
While historically both agriculture and forestry have kept a low profile at climate change talks, the 2012 climate convention in Doha saw some attention being paid to the important role forests play in landscaping, biodiversity and food security.
一直以来，农业和森林业都不是气候变化谈判上的重点，2012年多哈气候会议开始重视森林在景观、生物生物多样性和粮食安全上发挥的重要作用。
biodiversity:生物多样性
In his view of the Doha talks, he said it is time to rethink approaches in agriculture and forestry so that the two green sectors play a more prominent role in future climate talks.
谈到多哈谈判，他说是未来重新思考农业和森林业，使这两个绿色部门在未来气候谈判中发挥更大作用。
future:未来
“When it comes to forestry, the attention has been high for the last five years. I think this was the first time we saw a little bit of a decline in the agreement on forestry.
“森林业过去5年很受关注，现在我们首次看到森林方面的协议有所衰落，
decline:衰落
He said he observed that while no decisive action was taken regarding conservation of forestry and agriculture at the talks, he is optimistic that the two sectors will play a bigger role in climate change talks in the future, “I think it reflects mainly that the focus of the negotiations was to keep the negotiations alive, and that to some extent was successful.
他说，尽管谈判并未对森林业和农业做出决定性举动，他有关这两个部门将在未来的气候谈判中发挥更大作用，“我想这就说明，协商的重点是将协商继续下去，在一定程度上这很成功。
regarding:有关
He said he observed that while no decisive action was taken regarding conservation of forestry and agriculture at the talks, he is optimistic that the two sectors will play a bigger role in climate change talks in the future, “I think it reflects mainly that the focus of the negotiations was to keep the negotiations alive, and that to some extent was successful.
他说，尽管谈判并未对森林业和农业做出决定性举动，他相信这两个部门将在未来的气候谈判中发挥更大作用，“我有关这就说明，协商的重点是将协商继续下去，在一定程度上这很成功。
regarding:有关
He said he observed that while no decisive action was taken regarding conservation of forestry and agriculture at the talks, he is optimistic that the two sectors will play a bigger role in climate change talks in the future, “I think it reflects mainly that the focus of the negotiations was to keep the negotiations alive, and that to some extent was successful.
他说，尽管谈判并未对森林业和农业做出决定性举动，他相信这两个部门将在未来的气候谈判中发挥更大作用，“我想这就说明，协商的重点是将协商继续下去，在一定范围上这很成功。
extent:范围
The big push at Cambridge is to reduce the universe to one equation that encompasses everything.”
剑桥大学的最大推动是将宇宙减少至一个包括一切的方程式。
encompasses:包括
Hawking's work has focused on bridging the gap between Albert Einstein's theory of relativity —which explains how the pull of gravity controls the motion of large objects like planets- and the theory of quantum physics, which deals with the behavior of particles on the subatomic scale.
”阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦的相对论理论重力控制的像行星一样运动的大型物体的牵引力如何；量子物理学理论则讨论亚原子规模粒子的行为，而霍金的工作集中于弥合其中的分歧。
theory:理论
Hawking's work has focused on bridging the gap between Albert Einstein's theory of relativity —which explains how the pull of gravity controls the motion of large objects like planets- and the theory of quantum physics, which deals with the behavior of particles on the subatomic scale.
”阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦的相对论理论重力控制的像行星一样运动的大型物体的牵引力如何；量子物理学理论则讨论亚原子规模粒子的行为，而霍金的工作集中于弥合其中的分歧。
theory:理论
Hawking found a wider audience for those ideas with the 1988 publication of his best-selling book, “A Brief History of Time.”
1988年书的畅销书《时间简史》让霍金发现对这些想法更广泛的读者们。
book:书
Another of the physicist's noted contributions is a theory dubbed Hawking Radiation.
这位物理学家的另一项杰出贡献是被 dubbed霍金辐射的理论。
dubbed:dubbed
It proposes that black holes emit radiation and eventually evaporate and vanish.
它提出黑洞发出辐射并最终蒸发后消失。
emit:发出
At age 65, he was invited aboard a special zero-gravity jet to fulfill his dream of experiencing the weightlessness of a space-faring astronaut.
在65岁时,他应邀乘坐特殊的零重力喷射机以实现他体验太空宇航员无重量的梦想。
weightlessness:无重量
"Is there alien life out there, or are we alone in the universe?”
“有外星生命生命还是我们在宇宙中是独一无二?”
life:生命
He says progress and economic development depend on educating girls as well as boys.
他表示，进步和经济进展不仅依赖于受过教育的男孩，也依靠依赖于受过教育的女孩。
progress:进展
The initiative was launched in Dakar ten years ago. The aim is to bring primary school education to all girls and boys worldwide by two thousand fifteen.
该倡议10年前在达喀尔发起，目的是在2015年前为全球所有儿童提供基础教育。
aim:目的
She says donors are pumping in a lot of resources and civil society groups are working on access to education.
她表示，捐助者提供了大量资源，民间社会团体也正在为（儿童）受查阅而努力。
access:查阅
ANN-THERESE NDONG-JATTA: "But the truth is, seventy-five percent of the children fail."
Ann -Therese Ndong -Jatta ：“但真话是，仍有75%的儿童失学。”
truth:真话
To stay in school, experts say children must consider their education useful -- and so must their parents.
专家称，为了继续就读，孩子们必须学有所用--他们的父母也一定这样考虑。
consider:考虑
Throughout the day thousands of people took part in peaceful protest across India to demand more protection for women.
当天印度全国数千人发起和平抗议，需求对妇女给予更多保护。
demand:需求
It's the big issue of the moment in France to what extent on the socialist's right or sensible in putting up taxes on the well-off in order to raise money and bring down the budget deficit.
在法国，社会主义者有多大的权利提高富人的税收以高财政收入并减少预算赤字是个大问题。
up:高
It's the big issue of the moment in France to what extent on the socialist's right or sensible in putting up taxes on the well-off in order to raise money and bring down the budget deficit.
在法国，社会主义者有多大的权利提高富人的税收以提高财政收入并减少预算赤字是个大问题。
raise:提高
Ministers say the essence of the tax hike has not been challenged, so it will go ahead eventually once redrafted.
部长们称并未否定增税的实质实质，因此将在重新起草后付诸实施。
essence:实质
A Russian airline has crashed after overshooting the runway of Vnukovo airport in Moscow, the cause of the accident has not known.
在俄罗斯莫斯科伏努科沃机场，一架飞机在冲出机场后坠毁，事故原因至今未明。
crashed:坠毁
On landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport, it overshoot the runway, crashed through a perimeter fence and burst into flames. The plane had broken into three pieces.
飞机在莫斯科伏努科沃机场坠毁时冲突跑道，与围篱相撞并燃起大火，飞机被摔成三段。
crashed:坠毁
The north part including the cockpit was found on the road nearby. Emergency team was quickly on the scene and fought their way inside the mangled wreckage.
北边包括座舱的里面在路边找到，应急小组快速赶到现场，努力在杂乱的废墟中寻找着。
inside:里面
The north part including the cockpit was found on the road nearby. Emergency team was quickly on the scene and fought their way inside the mangled wreckage.
北边包括座舱的残骸在路边找到，应急小组快速赶到现场，努力在杂乱的废墟中寻找着。
wreckage:残骸
Israel agree to easy the blockades of Gaza as a part of the peace deal with Hamas that ended a week of fighting last month.
作为与哈马斯和平协议的部分内容，以色列同意缓和对加沙的封锁，这次协议最后了上月为期一周的战斗。
last:最后
Officials in Somalia say 100 of Somalis are arriving from Kenya every day, it follows an order by the Kenyan authorities early this month that all refugees and asylum seekers should move out the urban areas into camps.
索马里官员称每天有100名索马里人从肯尼亚返回，本月早些时候，肯尼亚政府下令，要求所有难民和寻求避难者应移出城市地区，如:难民营。
follows:如
