While I was initially taken aback by negativity of the people, I eventually learned to manage it and channel it into conscious action.
在我最初被这群负面情绪人类弄得措手不及的同时，我终于学会了处理这事儿并且把它引导成自觉行为。
negativity:负面情绪
Jesus on the cross cried, “My God, my God, why did you abandon me?
耶稣在叉前哭泣：我的上帝，我的上帝，为什么你要抛弃我？
cross:叉
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness.
但是恶意财富提供了物质上的利益，我相信一个人应该放弃追求唯物主义，而应该把注意力集中到追求幸福上去。
spite:恶意
It comes from an irrational but powerful fear of being alone — of being misunderstood or abandoned by people we count on the most.
这来自一种非理性但强大的，对孤独的恐惧感-被我们最信赖的人所被误解或遗弃的恐惧感。
misunderstood:被误解
To this day, millions of domestic animals are subjected to a life of loneliness, abandonment, pain, betrayal, sickness and hunger by humans.
时至今日，百万家畜由于人类而备受孤独，遗弃，痛苦，背叛，疾病和饥饿的生活煎熬。
millions:百万
A former concrete abattoir built in the round by British engineers and finally opened in 1933, it will over the coming year emerge as a mixed space.
这座原先由英国工程师建造的大理石圆形的屠宰场于1933年开业，未来一年，它将变成一处综合设施。
round:圆形的
"It is the duty of the abbot of each temple to supervise the behavior of young monks, making sure that their religious activities will not be affected by the games ," he said.
他说：“监督年轻和尚的行为是每个寺院住持的职责，要保证和尚们的宗教活动不受世界杯赛的影响。”
monks:和尚
and there the authors chose to abbreviate the amino acid sequence.
在论文中作者们选择了这个氨基酸顺序的缩写形式。
sequence:顺序
Please explain everything in detail and do not abbreviate your sales pitch.
请详细说明你们公司方面的细节，注意不要缩写销售量场所。
sales:销售量
You also provide an identifier, which is just an abbreviation of the full URI of the issue for friendly display, the creator of the issue, date submitted, brief title, and verbose description.
您还要提供一个标识符，该标识符是问题完整的URI的缩写，只是为了友好展示这个问题，问题的创建者、提交日期、简要标题以及详细描述。
display:展示
In the abstinence version of ABC, for example, it meant that condoms were not given to teenagers despite many having sex before marriage, not always with a condom.
例子，在ABC的禁欲版本中，它意味着尽管在结婚前许多人进行了性行为且并不总是使用安全套，却没有给青少年提供安全套。
example:例子
The national conversation about whether she should abdicate in her son’s favour seems resolved into an acceptance that the 82 -year-old sovereign should stay in post for life.
关于女王是否应该让位给查尔斯，已经成为一个全国性的话题，目前看来，公众比较倾向于验收这位82岁的女王执政终老。
acceptance:验收
But if a doctor were to put an ultrasound to the mother's abdomen a flickering light would appear.
但如果医生将超声波放在妈妈的腹部，就可以看到闪烁的的光线谱跳跃在屏幕上。
flickering:闪烁的
In intestinal schistosomiasis, there is progressive enlargement of the liver and spleen, intestinal damage, and hypertension of the abdominal blood vessels.
肠血吸虫病患者则会逐渐出现肝脏和脾肿大、肠胃受损以及腹腔血管高压等症状。
spleen:脾
The arrays were placed directly on the brain of a volunteer patient with epilepsy whose skull had already been opened to measure aberrant electrical signals that trigger seizures.
这些陈列被直接放置于患有癫痫病的志愿者（为了控制引起癫痫发作的异常电信号而已经将头颅被打开过）的大脑中。
seizures:癫痫发作
An aberrant system call sequence would be a dead giveaway that the program has a bug or is being attacked.
一个异常的系统调用顺序就是一个程序有漏洞或受到攻击的确凿证据。
sequence:顺序
Sylvia Amsler: This is not an unnatural, or aberrant behavior in any way, but actually has positive reproductive consequences for the males who do it.
西尔维亚•阿姆斯勒：这算不上是反常或异常行为，实际上这些男性黑猩猩大开杀戒的行为有利于其自身繁殖后代。
males:男性
Our research has concluded that Scarcity is one of the most fundamental causes of aberrant human behavior, while also leading to complex forms of neurosis in other ways.
我们的研究已经得出结论缺乏是人类失常行为的最基本原因之一，同时导致在其他方面的复杂形式的神经症。
Scarcity:缺乏
Spherical Aberration -- causes light rays passing through a lens (or reflected from a mirror) at different distances from the optical center to come to focus at different points on the axis.
球差-使以不同孔径角穿过透镜(或从镜面上发射)的光线不能聚焦在轴上的同一积分。
points:积分
Chromatic Aberration -- usually associated with objective lenses of refractor telescopes, is the failure of a lens to bring light of different wavelengths (colors) to a common focus.
色差-经常在折射望远镜的物镜上出现，是因为镜片不能把不同波长(颜色)的光聚焦到一点而形成的。
lenses:镜片
From our point of view, having the Eastern treaties in abeyance was exactly the ideal posture.
从我们的观点看法，使东方条约暂被搁置正好是最理想的形势。
view:看法
Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity.
雅各家的首领，以色列家的官长阿，当听我的话。你们痛恨公平，在一切事上屈枉正直。
abhor:痛恨
The vision of list Ping Ping in sparkle one silk abhorrence of feeling.
单萍萍的目光里面火花着一丝厌恶之情。
sparkle:火花
His was a victory of “true democracy ” over dictatorship, he said. He would abide by “the principles of good governance ” and hold elections within 24 months.
他是一个反对专政统治的“真正的民主”的胜利者，他说，他将遵守“良好统治的原则”，并会在24个月内举行选举。
dictatorship:专政
Once we have, through analytic meditation, come to an insight or deeper understanding, then we should cease our analysis and begin the practice of "calm abiding.
一旦我们通过分析冥想获得了洞察力和更深的理解，那么我们应该停止分析，转而开始实践“平静持久”。
practice:实践
In ability she towers over all the others in her class.
她的能力胜过班上的所有其他的同学。
others:其他的
The colon was ablaze, like a bone - dry bale of hay soaked in gasoline and then set afire.
冒号在燃烧，就像是一捆极干燥的干草被浸到汽油里然后被点燃。
colon:冒号
For example, many millions of able - bodied British adults are now classed as “disabled, ” which enables them to claim disability benefits and disappear from the jobless rolls.
例子，英国几百万正常可以自食其力的正常人已被列为“残疾人”，这样他们就可以享用残疾人福利并从失业大军中消失。
example:例子
It is time for the Congress to create comprehensive regulators who can ably assess and economically regulate, if necessary, the entirety of the US financial market.
现在是时候了，国会建立全面监管谁可以巧妙地评估和经济管理，如有必要，整体美国金融市场。
entirety:整体
Bruce could always succeed to read her minds and ably use his magic to make her laugh again.
布鲁斯总是能成功读她的思想，巧妙地用他的魔法逗她笑了。
magic:魔法
As the element of a kind of OK and free commutation, if use cloth art ably, can let household often change Chang Xin.
作为一种可以自由换向的元素，假如巧妙地使用布艺，可以让家居常变常新。
commutation:换向
We identified the mutation that triggers this abnormal re - activation of developmental genes and showed that if you turn off these genes, you stop the cancer.
我们找到了触发这种异常的发育基因关于活跃的变异，并发现如果关闭这些基因就能阻止癌症发展。
re:关于
One theory is that children and adults with hyperactivity have an abnormality in the shape of the receptor molecules on the surface of the nerve cells to which the transmitters attach themselves.
有一种说法是有多动症的孩子和成人的神经元细胞的表面接收器分子的形状出现了紊乱 etc.，而神经传递素是要连接到这些神经元细胞上的。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
Inherited genetic abnormality: Some people are born with an abnormal gene passed on by a parent.
遗传性基因紊乱 etc. ：有些人出生时即具有来自父母的紊乱 etc.基因。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
The neurological indication is of a cerebellar abnormality with no sign of peripheral neuropathy.
神经病学上的表现是小脑紊乱 etc.，没有出现周围神经系统病变的症状。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
According to experts, this phenomenon caused bymetabolic abnormality of lipoprotein or lipoidosis is very rare. The reasonof the changing of the blood color is still unknown.
据专家解释，这种现象非常罕见，原因是脂蛋白代谢紊乱 etc.或脂质沉积症，目前尚不清楚血液变色原因。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
Have a disease or abnormality of the cornea, such as keratoconus or corneal edema.
角膜有紊乱 etc.或病变，比如圆锥角膜或角膜水肿。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
The results could have implications for understanding the functional significance of a prominent brain abnormality observed in neuropsychiatric diseases such as schizophrenia.
这一研究的结果可能会对我们理解在像如精神分裂症一类的神精精神病里才会发现的显著脑部紊乱 etc.的重要功能。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
The scientists also found that the more severe the aggression and antisocial behaviour in the teenagers, the greater the level of brain abnormality.
同时，科学家们发现，青少年过激和反社会行为越严重，他们的大脑活动就越紊乱 etc.。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
If some abnormality is found in a person's brain, the doctor's report is submitted as mitigating evidence and the defendant may be treated more leniently.
假如在某人脑中发现紊乱 etc.，医生的报告就会作为减罪证据提交，被告人可能获得宽大处理。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
What surprised the scientists was the power of this genetic abnormality on metabolic factors such as cholesterol and triglyceride levels and insulin resistance.
使科学家们感到震惊的是，这一基因紊乱 etc.对代谢因子——例如体内胆固醇和甘油三酸酯的水平——以及胰岛素阻抗作用具有极大的影响力。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
That genital abnormality could indicate a disruption in testosterone levels, Freinkel says.
那些紊乱 etc.能够表明在睾丸激素的级别上的差异，弗赖恩克尔说道。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
However, some scientists are concerned that this type of screening is expensive and turns up many false - positive results — indications that an abnormality or disease is present when in fact it is not.
但是，有一些科学家认为这种检查很昂贵并且有很大误诊的可能性，也就是说本来没病却被说是紊乱 etc.或有病。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
Previous methods of screening embryos to detect abnormality have not proven to be sufficiently effective in increasing live birth rates.
之前对胚胎中的紊乱 etc.的检测手段并不是什么成功有效的提高出生率的方法，我们需要对这个领域的可靠性，时效性，安全性进行深入研究。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
The duplicated chromosomal region in mice is the equivalent of human chromosome 15q11 - 13, the most frequent cytogenetic abnormality observed in autism, accounting for some five percent of all cases.
在小鼠体内被重复的这段染色体区域，相当于人类的染色体15q11-13区段，而那是孤独症患者中最常见的一种细胞遗传紊乱 etc.，约占总病例的5%。
abnormality:紊乱 etc.
With this Solar System photography showcase, we welcome you aboard the space ship and invite you for a virtual trip into the world of enigmatic cosmic beauty.
借助这一太阳系照片陈列柜，我们欢迎你登上宇宙飞船，并邀请你虚拟游览这自然界不可思议的宇宙之美。
showcase:陈列柜
Some of us move from place to place in a temporary way, while others have a fixed abode; a little piece of work real estate that we call home.
我们中的有些人会经常性地搬来搬去，而其他的的人则会有一个固定的住处；一片我们叫做家的小小的用于工作的地产。
others:其他的
According to legend, Fuji used to be the abode of a fire goddess who would be jealous of any other woman in the vicinity (indeed until 1868 only men were allowed to make the climb).
据传说，富士山曾经是火焰女神的住处，她妒忌周围所有的女人。真的，直到1868年，只有男人才可以爬富士山。
climb:爬
At the Geneva conference in 1932, Japan's delegate Osami Nagano proposed the abolition of aircraft carriers, long-range submarines, limitation of large offensive capital ships.
在1932年的日内瓦会议上，日本代表永野修身提议，要废止航空母舰和远距离潜水艇，局限性大型的攻击性舰艇。
limitation:局限性
Bill Thomas, for example, is a geriatrician who calls himself a ''nursing home abolitionist'' and built the first Green Houses in Tupelo, Miss.
例子，自称是疗养院废除主义者的老年保健学专家比尔·托马斯，就在密西西比的托普乐市建立了第一所绿园。
example:例子
Iran's announcement of an advance in its uranium -enrichment program —and thus a potential step closer to an A-bomb—has sparked four responses in various opinion pages
伊朗公告其浓缩铀项目又朝前走了一步，从而可能离原子弹更近了一步，在各个言论版上引发了四种不同反应
announcement:公告
Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that doeth good.
他们都是邪恶，行了可憎恶的罪孽。没有任何一个人行善。
none:没有任何
They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good.
他们都是邪恶，行了可憎恶的事。没有任何一个人行善。
none:没有任何
They that are of a froward heart are abomination to the LORD: but such as are upright in their way are his delight.
心中乖僻的，为耶和华所憎恶。行事完全的，为他所喜。
delight:喜
The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight.
恶人献祭，为耶和华所憎恶。正直人祷告，为他所喜悦。
prayer:祷告
Everybody from the CEO of a large corporation to the aborigine in Northern Australia will all totally be looked after as they go through this metamorphosis.
每个人来自一家大公司CEO在澳洲北部的土著民将完全被照看，正如他们通过这变态。
metamorphosis:变态
But we do not abandon our partner or abort the process just because our ego takes a hit.
但我们不会只因为自我受到打击而中止我们的伴侣或中止恋爱进程。
abort:中止
This handler also includes any necessary processing for tearing down the SIP session if, for example, an ABORT message is received from the TCAP interface.
这个处理程序还包含任何必要的处理来终止SIP会话，例子，如果从TCAP接口收到一个ABORT消息的话。
example:例子
Despite their lack of success, they refused to abandon their search or to call an abort to their mission. They knew that any abortive action would surely result in my daughter's death.
虽然徒劳无获，但他们不愿中止行动、中止搜查，因为他们知道任何失败都将导致我女儿的死亡。
abort:中止
For example, what if the above data looked like this, instead?
例子，上面的数据变成下表的样子会怎样？
example:例子
If produce exterior accident abrade, want to use polishing agent only, can rapid conveniently nap purify.
假如发生表面事故擦伤，只要使用抛光剂，即可迅速方便地修整去除。
accident:事故
Floats in satin and sateen fabrics tend to snag and abrade easily, thus, such fabrics are not as durable as plain or twill weave fabrics.
缎纹面料中的浮长线容易磨损、起毛或纤维被勾出。因此，这类面料的强度低于平纹面料和斜纹面料。
fabrics:面料
It's relatively impact resistant and the thicker material that we're using right now also helps resist cracking and abrasion.
这些材料抗撞击，而我们现在使用的加厚材料更是抗开裂和抗磨损。
cracking:开裂
Even an abrasion would have you T - virused and rotting, although Milla's okay -- the one thing the movie got right is how she's a genetically superior being.
即使擦破皮也能让你感染变异，虽然米拉没事——也存在电影作对的一件事，让米拉体质异于常人。
being:存在
Our study also points out the necessity for librarians to investigate aggressively and stay abreast of disruptive technology and build it into new services wherever possible.
我们的学习也指出图书馆员有必要学习这些具有侵略性分裂性的新技术，把它建成任何可能的新服务。
study:学习
A ban might be misunderstood abroad, and not only in the Muslim world.
禁令可能会在国外也被被误解，而不仅是在穆斯林世界。
misunderstood:被误解
In practice the superior for the time being is the living rule - not that he can alter or abrogate any rule, but because he must interpret and determine its application.
在实践中上司的时候，存在生活的规则-不说，他都无法改变或废除任何规则，而存在因为他必须解释，并确定其申请。
being:存在
Like the abrupt fall of the Berlin Wall thousands of miles away, the collapse suddenly confirmed what everyone in the financial world could already feel in the wind: a new era had arrived.
就像几千里外突然坍塌的柏林墙，这次突然暴跌证实了在金融世界里的每个人都可以感觉到将即将到来的是什么：一个新的纪元的到来。
collapse:坍塌
An optional sports package including ABS, a limited slip differential and Nissan's HICAS four wheel steering was added to the hatchback models.
掀背款的可选运动套件中包括了ABS、防滑差速器和尼桑HICAS四车轮转向。
wheel:车轮
Long-standingneuropathy in the feet can lead to nonhealing ulcers, abscess formation, andosteomyelitis.
足部长期的神经病变可导致无法愈合的溃疡、编队脓肿以及骨髓炎。
formation:编队
Less than one percent of patients may develop a localized infection (abscess) at the site of the tumor ablation three to four weeks after the treatment.
在瘤消融3至4周后，少于百分之一的患者可能产生局部感染（溃疡）。
tumor:瘤
Adding to my surprise was the fact that Jerry had none of the risk factors associated with a lung abscess.
更让我惊讶的是Jerry没有任何任何导致肺脓肿的危险因素。
none:没有任何
One reason for this fictional exploration into the hidden recesses of the soul is the absence of settled, traditional community life in America.
这类作品以小说的形式勘探隐蔽的灵魂深处，原因之一是因为美国缺乏根深蒂固的传统社区生活。
exploration:勘探
Rather than having to mark someone as absent, then having to mark them as being back, you can use this new pattern.
用户可以使用这个新模式，而不需要把某人标为缺席的，当他回来时再修改标志。
absent:缺席的
In Florida, Republicans have an edge among absentee voters, but Democrats are lining up in larger numbers in person at early voting polling places.
在佛罗里达州，共和党人在缺席者投票的选民中占优势，但是大量民主党人在提前投票点排队投票。
absentee:缺席者
One early vote the Democrats were happy to advertise was that of President George Bush, casting his Texas absentee ballot for John McCain last week.
有一张先期选票是民主党人非常乐于宣传的，那就是小布什上周在德州把他的缺席者选票投给了麦凯恩。
absentee:缺席者
Some states and local jurisdictions gradually liberalized this provision, allowing citizens to register as "permanent absentee voters" and routinely have a ballot mailed to their home.
一些州和地方选区逐渐放宽了这一规定，允许公民登记为"永久缺席者选民"，并在选举前把选票寄到他们家中。
absentee:缺席者
With Steven Gerrard a confirmed absentee and also under threat of an operation that would keep him out for almost a month, the problems for a besieged Rafael Benítez appear unrelenting.
同时，杰拉德已经确认缺席者比赛，并可能也将接受手术而离开赛场将近一个月，贝尼特斯依然饱受种种问题的无情困扰。
absentee:缺席者
I urge any American living outside the country to get an early start checking his/her registration and receiving an absentee ballot, because it can take a while.
我奉劝身在国外的所有美国人早点着手核对登记表，并接收缺席者选举人票，因为这得花点时间。
absentee:缺席者
This trend started with provisions for absentee ballots, issued to voters who anticipate being away from their home (and their voting place) on election day.
这一趋势始于有关缺席者选票的规定，后者针对的是那些预计在选举日当天不在自己的选区(及投票地点)的选民。
absentee:缺席者
The study found girls to be most affected by absentee dads, although the researchers caution that paternal absence can foster other problems such as lack of support or discipline.
尽管研究人员警告说，父亲角色的缺失可能招致诸如缺少支持或训导之类的其它问题的发生，但是研究发现女孩受父亲缺失的影响更大。
lack:缺少
Steve Smith testified about his role in gathering absentee ballots from residents in his father ’s nursing home.
史蒂夫.史密斯在证词中讲到他在父亲开设的疗养院内收集院中住户缺席者选票时所扮演的角色。
absentee:缺席者
In an effort to fight absentee ownership by wealthy landlords, Fidel enacted a reform that gave title to whoever lived in a home.
为了与有钱地主的”遥有制度“抗争，他进行了改革。给与那些居住在家里的人以标题。
title:标题
Absentminded medium, whole body long 8 Chinese foot iron pagodas general the big fellow stand in front, his complexion You be black, the air cold Ao.
恍惚中，一身长8尺铁塔一般的大汉站立面前，他面色黝黑，神色冷傲。
general:一般的
It's not out of the question. You've ben very absentminded lately. Always rushing somewhere, looking at your watch. It wouldn't surprise me in the least if you forgot to put on a sock.
这也不是不可能发生的事，你近来一直都神情恍惚。总是来去匆匆，不时还手表着表。如果说你忘了穿只袜子，我一点也不奇怪。
watch:手表
Tell us the status of the place where the shows of "Absinthe" and "La Vie" are presented.
告诉我们“苦艾酒”和“生活”节目的地方的情况。
shows:节目
While that may seem like the end, we recommend waiting through the syncing process then backing up your phone one last time so you can be absolutely sure it has all your latest configurations.
虽然这看上去似乎结尾了,但我们建议等待同步过程结尾后，最后一次回看一下你的手机，从而你可以完全确定它已拥有了所有你最新的配置。
end:结尾
Most of the parts are in place and functioning, but Degen and Tao still need to obtain the refrigeration unit that will cool the system to just above absolute zero.
尽管它们中的绝大多数都已经到位并投入了使用，但德根和陶冶仍然需要制冷装置将它的系统冷藏到略高于绝对零度的温度。
refrigeration:冷藏
When the Duke scientists say "ultra- cool" they mean uber- cooled to around 150 micro- Kelvin -- that's only a few billionths of a degree Kelvin above absolute zero.
杜克的科学家们所说的“超冷”意指超级冷却到150微开尔文左右——这仅仅比绝对零程度高几亿分之一开尔文。
degree:程度
Scientists reported in 1997 that gases blowing out from a central dying star have expanded and rapidly cooled to 1 kelvin, only one degree warmer than absolute zero.
据科学家于1997年报道，从回飞棒星云中心的一个正在逐渐垂死的恒星中喷出的气体已经扩展和冷却到只有1开尔文，比绝对零度仅高出一度。
dying:垂死
But the analogy with ordinary computers shouldn't be overstretched, he cautions — the device works at just a fraction of a degree above absolute zero and requires special refrigeration technology.
采用标准工艺技术打造而成，但与一般的计算机的类比不宜太深，他提醒说------量子计算机的设备是在绝对零程度以上的几分之一程度的环境中运作的，它需要更特殊的低温技术。
degree:程度
And once they are done, they expect absolution. But the truth is, not all confessions are worthy of such forgiveness.
当他们忏悔完，都期待能得到宽恕，但事实上，不是所有忏悔都值得被饶恕。
forgiveness:饶恕
Among Clinton's potential consolation prizes: the veep slot and absolution of her campaign debt.
希拉里的“安慰奖”：副总统的交椅还是活动债务的免除？
campaign:活动
Forgiving someone else first involves recognizing that forgiving someone does not give them absolution for a previous wrong.
首先必须认识到，宽恕别人并不是不要他为先前犯下的错误的负责。
wrong:错误的
The standard is the reflection of absolute - strict - rules im in law, have feature of mechanization and absolution, is very unfair to the beneficiary, therefore, it should not be call for.
该标准是赦免严格规则主义在法律上的反映，具有机械化、赦免化特点，对受益人极不公平，完全排除了单据审查的主体性特征。
absolution:赦免
Moral absolutism —the belief or theory that there are absolute standards against which moral questions can be judged —suggests that morals are not determined by societal or situational influences.
道德专制主义是一种理论或信仰，相信存在着判断道德伦理问题的绝对标准，而且并不受社会或者场合的影响。
absolutism:专制主义
Secondly, as I tried to suggest the other day, these places resist absolutism.
其次,正如我曾讲过的,这些地方反对专制主义
absolutism:专制主义
Some, in fact, deny free will and still accept moral absolutism — and argue that these two beliefs are inextricably tied.
有些人，事实上，在拒绝自由意志的同时，还能接受道德专制主义，并且争辩说，这两者是不可分离地捆在一起的。
absolutism:专制主义
If you happen to spill some gas or oil on the floor, newspaper will help absorb the spill and can prevent a permanent stain on concrete or a soft spot in your asphalt drive.
如果你碰巧将一些汽油或机油洒在地板上，报纸将帮助你吸收倾洒物并且可以保护你的物品避免永久弄脏或在沥青车道上留下独特的记号。
stain:弄脏
Their metabolism relies only on the oxygen dissolved in the liquid blood, which is believed to be absorbed directly through the skin from the water.
它们的新陈代谢注要依赖于氧在液体血内的溶解进行，人们相信，冰鱼可以透过皮肤直接从水中吸收氧。
oxygen:氧
Here's another peek into my life: A side effect of being extremely open minded and absorbent is that I find myself believing all kinds of contradictory ideas, sometimes even opposite ones.
我生活中的另那些观点是：由于我的思想极具开放性和强吸收性，我发现我自己可以接受各种相互矛盾的观点，有时候甚至是相反的观点。
ones:那些
PCC technology feeds gases from power stations through an absorbent solution that contains a chemical to capture carbon dioxide.
烟气二氧化硫捕集技术（PCC）工作原理，就是让电厂排放出来的气体通过可以吸收二氧化硫气体的化学物质，对烟气中二氧化硫进行捕获。
dioxide:二氧化硫
Orlistat blocks the digestion and absorption of fat in your stomach and intestines.
奥利司他可以在胃及肠子中阻止脂肪的消化与吸收。
intestines:肠子
Fats help decrease the absorption of sugar in the blood, which means that carbohydrate - containing foods and fat can have a low GI.
脂肪减少血液中葡萄糖的吸收，这意味着含糖类的食物和脂肪胰岛素指数也可能不高。
carbohydrate:糖类
When at drinking establishments, teetotallers either abstain from drinking or consume non -alcoholic beverages such as tea, coffee, water, juice, soft drinks and mocktails.
在一些喝的场合，禁酒人士或者避免参与，或者就选择一些不含酒精的饮料，比如茶、咖啡、白水、果汁、软饮以及不含酒精的鸡尾酒等。
drinking:喝
Such periods of abstinence were regularly punctuated with periods of alcohol abuse.
这样的戒酒期总是有规律地被酒精虐待时期打断。
abuse:虐待
All of the service implementations support the same abstract interface, so that clients can invoke each of them in the exact same way.
所有的服务实现支持同一个抽象界面，这样客户机就可以用完全相同的方法来调用它们中的每一个。
interface:界面
But science tells us that we can’t solve the equations, directly in the abstract.
而科学告诉我们：你们不能直接以抽象的的方式解答这些疑问。
abstract:抽象的
The functional logic and localization framework are abstracted into a handler class.
功能逻辑和本土化框架被抽象到处理程序类中。
localization:本土化
The ability to define an interface means that the caller is abstracted away from the implementation of the operations.
定义界面的能力意味着访问者抽象于操作的具体实施操作以外。
interface:界面
Instead of exposing each fine -grained API as a service; a coarse -grained, business - aligned interface should be abstracted from the APIs and then exposed as a service.
不要将每个细粒度API 都作为服务公开；应该从API抽象出粗粒度的、与业务一致的界面，然后将此界面作为服务公开。
interface:界面
Let's test our example against the core level of abstraction principles.
让我们对照核抽象层次原则来测试我们的示例。
core:核
Except for the difference that he is conscious, and that is why he is absurd.
但是不同之处的是，他是有意识的，这是他为什么荒谬的原因。
difference:不同之处
It achieves this miracle of abundance by a combination of mechanisation and careful management.
这丰盛的奇迹是借由组合机械化和细心的管理而达成的。
combination:组合
But as Solomon and colleagues suggest in a new study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, it is not true for the most abundant greenhouse gas: carbon dioxide.
但是，正如所罗门和他的同事提出的一项发表在《美国国家科学院院刊》的新研究表明，对最丰富的温室气体，二氧化硫，这是不正确的。
dioxide:二氧化硫
But 19% of Americans exceed either the daily or weekly levels; one in 12 of those people has already progressed to alcohol abuse or alcoholism.
不过，也有19%的人超出了每日或每周上限，这些人当中有1/12已经发展到了酒精虐待或上瘾的程度。
abuse:虐待
You will choose to defend the constitution because that is all we have to protect all of our people from the ANC's power abuse.
齐勒说：“你们将会选择捍卫宪法，因为只有那样我们才能保护人民，不让非国大虐待权力的行为殃及国民。
abuse:虐待
However, if our continuing abuse of resources continues at this rate unchecked, we can be anything but optimistic about our species' future.
但是，如果我们以这种失控的速度继续虐待资源，我们就绝不能再对我们人类的未来持乐观态度。
abuse:虐待
Second, I will not tolerate abuse of our relationship with Member States.
其次，我不能容忍虐待我们与会员国的关系。
abuse:虐待
"The publication of such a map represents an abuse of science, "he says.
他说：“发表这样一幅地图是一种虐待科学的表现。”
abuse:虐待
Risks at the individual level include dementia of the victim, and mental disorders and alcohol and substance abuse in the abuser.
个人层面的风险包括受害者患有痴呆症以及施虐者存有精神障碍和酒精及物质滥用情况。
abuser:施虐者
For example, I heard about a story of this one girl from a poor family that had an alcoholic and abusive father.
例子我听说这样一个故事：一个来自贫穷人家的女孩，有个嗜酒如命并经常辱骂她的父亲。
example:例子
His mind had been exploring the abysmal possibility of Veronica ’s beauty and high spirits being removed from the world by a chemical mischance.
他的心一直在琢磨着维罗妮卡的美丽和活泼的精神因一次不幸的化学反映而离开这个人世的糟糕透顶的可能性。
beauty:美丽
And he contemplated her absorbed young face with a thrill of possessorship in which pride in his own masculine initiation was mingled with a tender reverence for her abysmal purity.
他注视着她全”神贯注的稚嫩面庞，心中不由涌出一阵拥有者的激动，其中有对自己萌动的丈夫气概的自豪，也有对她那深不可测的纯度的温馨敬意。
purity:纯度
In 2002, President George Bush labeled North Korea part of an "axis of evil," primarily due to its aggressive military posture but also because of its abysmal human rights record.
2002年，由于朝鲜具有侵略性的军事态度以及糟糕的人权记录，乔治布什总统把朝鲜列入“邪恶的轴心”的名单中。
evil:邪恶的
But the player, who hails from east London, tore his Achilles tendon while on loan from LA Galaxy at AC Milan in March, and was ruled out of what would have been his fourth World Cup.
但是，这位来自伦敦的球员，从洛杉矶银河俱乐部租借到AC米兰后，在参加三月份的一场比赛中，他的黄金左脚跟肌腱断裂，这断送了他第四次参加世界杯的梦想。
tendon:肌腱
But, in a long term, academe pays more attention on study the relationship between public investment and economic growth, seldom and no systemic on public investment operation.
但是，学术界对公共投资问题的学习集中在公共投资与经济增长关系上，没有系统学习公共投资运行问题。
study:学习
These characteristics are not just important in our business, but in every business, as well as in government, philanthropy, and academia.
这些特征不仅仅对我们的行业非常的重要，对任何行业都是如此，政府部门，慈善事业事业还有学术界。
philanthropy:慈善事业
I found it impossible to gain a toehold in academia: no one wanted my specialism and my first degree was in a different subject.
我发现要在学术界立足几乎不可能：没有人认同我的专长，因为我的第一学位是另一科目。
one:一
One reason you identified for this lack of information was that research is too often driven by academic competition.
你认为这类信息缺少的一个原因是，研究工作往往是通过学术竞争来推动的。
lack:缺少
I am a statistician, a "cosine academic," should you find the expression amusing.
我是一名统计员，“余弦学者”，如果你觉得这个表达有趣的话。
statistician:统计员
Individual ideality education is an important aspect of ideality education for academician. Under current position, it has a special significance.
个人理想化教育是大学生理想化教育的重要方面，在当前形势下，更具有特殊的重要意义。
ideality:理想化
The assembly is a symbol of the establishment of the academician system of Academia Sinica, as well as the formation of the academic reward system.
研究表明，这次会议的举行标志着中央研究院院士制度的建立，意味着中央研究院的学术奖励体制基本编队。
formation:编队
At that point, post 2012, the social software market growth will accelerate as will the overall impact of social media on business and society.
在这一点上，社区软件市场在2012年以后将加速生长，使得社区媒体对企业和社会产生全面的冲击。
growth:生长
One of the most salient features of severe downturns is that they tend to accelerate deep economic shifts that are already under way.
严重的经济经济低迷的一个最重要的特征就是它们倾向于加速已经进行中的深层经济变化。
downturns:经济低迷
As you watch the Peace Dove you feel the acceleration of the incoming Peace movement.
当你看到和平鸽时，你感觉到将要到来的和平运动正在加速度。
acceleration:加速度
In a strong managed traffic cloud system, a key aspect of application acceleration is the load balancing algorithm you use to distribute traffic.
在流量得到妥善管理的云系统中，应用程序加速度的一个关键方面就是用于分布流量的负载平衡算法。
acceleration:加速度
By itself, this breakup was not dramatic, but it continued a pattern of calving and retreat followed by ice flow acceleration that began nearly a decade ago.
就其本身而言，这次崩裂并不突然，而是始于大约十年前的一个持续的由冰流加速度引起的崩离与消退的模式。
acceleration:加速度
Small objects such as dust particles and water droplets fall only small distances before losing most of their acceleration.
向灰尘和小水滴这种小物体只下降很短距离就失去它们的大部分加速度。
dust:灰尘
In this article, I propose a "traffic management" model that will emphasize the acceleration and high availability aspects.
在这篇文章中，我提供了一个 “流量管理”模型，将着重介绍加速度和高可用性方面的内容。
acceleration:加速度
They also wanted stronger protection for their patents against unfair competition, and modifications in and acceleration of the product- approval process of the Food and Drug Administration.
他们还希望他们的专利得到更加强有力的保护，来应对不公平竞赛，修改并加快美国食品与药品管理局的批准程序。
competition:竞赛
But when they are zapped with a beam of electrons from a particle accelerator, the polymer chains are desaturated.
但是，当它们经过粒子加速器发射的电子束扫描后，聚合分子连锁店被去饱和。
chains:连锁店
Verify that you can enter accented characters, and that they are not corrupted by codepage transformations (or lack thereof) when reread from permanent storage.
验证您可以输入重音字符，以及它们在从永久性存储器重新读取时没有被代码页转换破坏（或缺少该转换）。
lack:缺少
The view is used to accentuate a specific dimension of the architecture while deliberately suppressing the others.
视图用于强调特定的体系结构范畴，同时有意地抑制其他的范畴。
others:其他的
For most however simply the allowance and acceptance of their love and faith that they are there is all one must do.
对多数人而言，简单地允许和验收它们的爱并相信它们就在那里，这就是他可以做的全部事情。
acceptance:验收
So we do believe we have improved the willingness of our people for our acceptance in the future.
因此，我们确实认为，我们已经使群众发生变化，愿意将来验收我们的领导。
acceptance:验收
For those who have already signed, the next step is the deposit of instruments of ratification, acceptance or approval.
对于那些已签署的国家，使协定生效的下一步骤将是交付批准、验收或同意的文件。
acceptance:验收
Decisions are timely when they can be successfully applied to an existing situation -- that is, before events carry an organization on beyond either acceptance or correction of that situation.
当决策被成功地应用到现有的情况中时它们应该是及时的 ——就是说，在事件超出了组织控制之前，要么验收要么调整形势。
acceptance:验收
For example, you can do it after functional test, or you can do it after UAT (user acceptance test).
比如，你可以在功能测试之后做评估，或者在UAT（用户验收测试）后做。
acceptance:验收
Do you see any possible acceptance of such policies by politicians and their economic advisors?
你认为政治家们和他们的经济顾问有可能会验收这种政策吗？
acceptance:验收
Continue to learn and grow, but in an environment of acceptance, not self- criticism.
在验收的环境中，不是自我怀疑的环境中，要继续学习和成长。
acceptance:验收
Because the tool could not automatically export that data, the product failed customer acceptance.
因为该工具不能自动地导出数据，因此客户不验收该产品。
acceptance:验收
This improves performance for these LOBs because you can access them through the buffer pool.
这提高了这些LOB 的性能，因为可以通过缓冲池对其进行访问。
buffer:缓冲
And when it comes to the self-access listening course, a new learning environment for listening instruction, these studies become even fewer.
然而，关于二语学习者聆听力元认知发展的过程研究却十分匮乏，涉及自主聆听力学习课程这个新的学习环境的研究更是罕见。
listening:聆听
Because he of course had no access to the Baidu account he provided an incorrect code, but the register .com person did not compare the code to the one that was sent out.
此人当然没有百度帐户的安全码，因此他给了一不正确的。但register.com的人没有比较这两个安全码是否相同。
one:一
But what you really want for the long run is a method that is accessible from all the test scripts that you write.
但是从长远角度来看，您实际想要的是一种可以从编写的所有测试剧本进行访问的方法。
scripts:剧本
Musharraf warmly congratulated China on its entry into the World Trade Organization, and expressed the belief that China's accession will have major influence on the development of world economy.
穆沙拉夫热烈祝贺中国加入世界贸易组织，并表示信仰中国的加入将对世界经济的发展产生重要影响。会谈中双方还就阿富汗问题交换了看法。
belief:信仰
Her longtime hairstylist Kim Kimble tells People, “Even when she ’s dressing down, she will accessorize with items that make the outfi t pop or wear her hair in a glamorous style.”
她很久以来的发型师金·金布尔告诉《人物》杂志： “即使她穿便装的时候，也会装饰一些配饰来使她的衣服显得很‘潮’，或者梳一个漂亮的发型。”
longtime:很久
The accessory successor never made concessions to difficulties, so he succeeded in accessing successive successes.
附属接班人从未向困难妥协，因此在走向连续的成功之路上成功了.
successor:接班人
Payment shall be made after completion of access road to Powerhouse site, Top of Surge Shaft& Headworks site. 80%of payment after completion of Access Road. 20% after completion of project.
通往电房、调压井顶部和工程指挥部的路完工后才可支付。通路完工后支付80%。工程竣工后再支付20%。
Payment:支付
We include and maintain usage metrics (creation time, last access time, etc.) in the underlying database containing the calculator state.
我们在包含计算器状态的底层数据库中包括和维护用法的标准（创建时间、最近访问时间，等等）。
usage:用法
This mishap reminded me of a traffic accident I once experienced.
这次不幸的事事故使我联想起我过去经历的一次交通事故。
mishap:不幸的事
Outbreaks of leukaemia have not followed accidental exposure to large amounts of mercury, such as in Minamata, Japan and in Iraq.
白血病的暴发（如在日本的水俣和在伊拉克）都并不是因为偶然地接触于大量汞之后产生的。
exposure:接触
In the US, homicide can refer to murder or to negligent or accidental manslaughter, but the finding need not trigger criminal charges.
在美国，蓄意杀人罪指杀人或意外过失杀人罪，但是这个发现不应该引发刑事指控。
homicide:杀人
Notes: (1) Accident and emergency attendances include first and follow-up attendances.
笔记：（1）急症室到诊人次包括首次求诊及覆诊。
Notes:笔记
This case study reviews the history, symptoms, management and rehabilitation of a patient admitted to accident and emergency with severe chest pain.
本案例研究报告审查的历史，症状，管理和复原的病人承认急症重症胸痛。
rehabilitation:复原
Parents and caregivers should be aware this week is an accident prone time for your children or children in your care.
家长和家庭护理员在本周应该要注意好好关心小孩，因为本周小孩容易发生事故。
care:关心
Accident prone tendencies are quite likely and physical health does require strong attention.
事故事故很有可能发生，并且身体健康也得重点注意。
Accident:事故
After graduating from "luck school ", she has passed her driving test after three years of trying, was no longer accident - prone and became more confident.
从“运气学校”毕业后，经过三年的努力，她已经通过了驾驶考试，再也不是容易发生意外的人，而且变得更自信。
luck:运气
Object To research neurobiochemical characteristics of accident -prone children so as to provide related bases for screening accident -prone children.
目的探讨事故伤害多发儿童的神经生化特征，为筛选事故倾性儿童提供依据。
accident:事故
In this way of life, human's self definition is defined by social acclamation.
在这样的生活，人的自己定义，是指由社会鼓掌。
self:自己
Antunez acknowledged Robles' relative lack of experience but said he had run in China last year to acclimatize in advance and had beaten most of his rivals, except Liu, in races this year.
Antunez教练承认，相比较而言，罗伯斯缺少经验，但是为了使他进步适应中国的比赛环境，他去年已经在中国参加了比赛。而且在今年的比赛中他击败了除刘翔之外的大多数主要对手。
advance:进步
Conclusion Pharmacy courses in higher vocational academy should acclimatize itself to the development of primary - levelclinical - pharmacy.
结论改革高职高专药学教育课程设置，培养实用型基本的临床药师以适应基层临床药学事业的发展。
primary:基本的
They were lonely and sad people, all three of them, and they would not make one another less sad, but they could, with great care, make a world that would accommodate their loneliness.
他们三人都是那么寂寞而忧伤，他们在一起也许不能够互相怃平伤痛，但是也许，只要用心，他们会创造出一个能够容纳他们寂寞人生的世界。
loneliness:寂寞
However, you design an extension field into the schema to accommodate additional values.
然而，您要在模式中设计一个扩大字段来容纳附加值。
extension:扩大
The poor woman was trying to write an article in another room; I have no idea how she managed it to the crazy accompaniment we provided (no one could claim we don't play vigorously).
那个可怜的女人打算在另一房间写篇文章；真不知道在我们如此疯狂的伴奏下，她是如何完成的（没人能够否认我们的演奏不够卖力）。
one:一
White board is one foremost important toolforhuman being. It has a wide application prospect. In the white board world, YAKUDOwill always be your accompanist!
白板存在人类最重要的工具之一，有着广阔的应用前景。在白板的世界里，雅谷与您同行！
being:存在
China is against the recognition of the fait accompli created by aggression as the basis for any political solution.
中国反对把承认侵略者所造成的既成事实作为任何政治解决方案的基础。
solution:解决方案
Not every goal is a good goal or the kind of goal that God gets behind and helps you accomplish.
并不是每一个目标都是一个很好的目标，或者是神在背后帮助你完成的种类目标。
kind:种类
If none of them can be accomplished in 12 months, choose a sub- goal of one of your life goals to accomplish in 12 months.
如果它们中间没有任何能够在12个月里完成的，在你的目标里选择一个能够在12个月里完成的替代目标。
none:没有任何
Each one of us, according to the physicalist, is just a body that can do some amazing things.
我们每一人,按照物理主义的观点,就是能干出某些令人惊叹事情的实体
one:一
And when a young man in a fantastical blue - and - silver costume spotted Sophie and decided to accost her as well, Sophie shrank into a shop doorway and tried to hide.
因此当一个穿着古怪的蓝色和银衣服的年轻男人拦住苏菲并象惯常做的那样向她搭讪时，苏菲缩进了一家小店的门里并试图把自己隐藏起来。
silver:银
What design and architectural considerations should SOA developers take into account when using one or both of these SOA models in their applications?
在应用中使用这两个SOA模型之一或都使用时，SOA开发者在设计和搭建架构时应该考量哪些？
considerations:考量
For example, if someone asks “What do you do ?”, you could say: ” Well, I’m an accountant ”.
例子，如果有人问你：“你是做什么的”，你说：“哦，我是一个会计师”。
example:例子
But this shift has already been accomplished in many fields: half or more of the accounting students in graduate schools of business, for example, are now women.
但这种转换在许多领域已经完成了。例子，现在在商业研究生院半数或半数以上的会计专业的学生都是女性。
example:例子
For example, one department might be working on the accounting application for a company, while another group is working on a sales lead tracking application.
例子，一个部门正在为一家公司开发会计应用程序，而另一个小组正在开发销售趋势跟踪应用程序。
example:例子
For example, one department may be working on the accounting application for a company, while another group is working on a sales lead tracking application.
例子，一个部门正在为一家公司开发会计应用程序，而另一个小组正在开发销售趋势跟踪应用程序。
example:例子
The utility model relates to a special accoutrement for a bank.
本公用事业新型涉及一种银行专用装备。
utility:公用事业
How a star creates Herbig - Haro jets is an ongoing topic of research, but it likely involves an accretion disk swirling around a central star.
恒星如何创造赫比格-阿罗喷流，是一个正在进行的研究课题，但它可能涉及围绕中央恒星旋转的的一个吸积盘。
swirling:旋转的
Keynes would have solved the problem by printing money, but he did not realize that what allowed for capital formation was investment made possible through capital accumulation.
凯恩斯以为印钞票能解决这个问题，但是他不明白，使资本得以编队的是投资，而投资之所以可能全赖资本积累。
formation:编队
One factor could be deposits of dust and black carbon (collectively called aerosols) upon the snow, which, up to an accumulation of 400 grams per square meter sharply raises the rate of melting.
雪上灰尘和黑炭（统称为气溶胶）覆层可能是其中一个因素：当覆层的积累达到每平方米400克的时候，会急剧加快融化的速度；
dust:灰尘
Then, several fatigue accumulative damage rules still em-ploy ed at present are systematically analysed with respect of the mechanism of mechanics - probability and the usage range.
然后，针对目前在国内外仍被大量引用的疲劳累积损伤准则，从力学和可能性机理、适用范围等方面进行了深入系统的分析。
probability:可能性
NOTE: I make no promises whatsoever about the performance, accuracy, or completeness of the prototype code!
笔记：我没有承诺任何关于原型代码的性能、准确性，或完整性的内容！
NOTE:笔记
The provision of a link from the WHO website to other sites does not indicate endorsement of those sites by WHO, and WHO accepts no responsibility for the validity or accuracy of their content.
条款从世界卫生组织到其它网站的链接并不表示世界卫生组织认可这些网站，并且世界卫生组织对其内容的有效性或准确性不负任何责任。
provision:条款
But all I could see was that this was a grand chance to test the accuracy of my work, of my hobby.
但当时看来，那的确是一次大好的机会，可以检验我在业余时间所爱好的工作的准确性。
hobby:爱好
A liar is uncomfortable facing his questioner / accuser and may turn his head or body away.
说谎者面对发问者/原告会不安，他可能会将头或身体转向一边。
liar:说谎者
But within months he had dismissed them both and begun to write his screed, accusing them of theft, conspiracy and forgery.
然而，数月之内，他却把他们双双辞退。并开始写他的文章，指控他们的盗窃，阴谋和伪造的行为。
forgery:伪造的
But you should run hard enough at the end to accustom your body to the late -race fatigue of the marathon.
你应该在将近结尾时跑得卖力一点，这样会使你的身体适应马拉松比赛时后期的疲惫感。
end:结尾
In fact you should notice that your creative powers increase the more that you use self hypnosis, as your mind becomes more accustomed to using its creative powers.
事实上，你应该会注意到，当你使用自己催眠的时候，你的思想越习惯使用创造力，那么你的创造力就会增加更多。
self:自己
Still can use medicaments to strengthen a language to allude action sometimes, if hysteria disease patient is commonly used, dextrose acerbity calcium or bromin Ga vein inject and be successful.
有时还可利用药物来加强语言暗示作用，如癔症病人常用葡萄糖酸钙或溴咖静脉注入而奏效。
inject:注入
Try to avoid retinol, retinyl palmitate and retinyl acetate, which may increase the risk of hip fracture and certain birth defects when taken at levels exceeding 10, 000 IUs.
应当试着避免视黄醇、棕榈酸视黄酯和视黄醇乙酸酯，如果摄入这些元素超出10000IU，则可能会增加髋部骨折和某些诞生缺陷的风险。
birth:诞生
DCA, or dichloroacetic acid, is an analogue of acetic acid in which chlorine atoms replace two of the three hydrogen atoms on the methyl group.
DCA也叫二氯乙酸或二氯醋酸，是一种类似物乙酸的化合物，但乙基团上有两个氢原子被氯原子所取代。
analogue:类似物
It seems that the acid in vinegar -- acetic acid -- switches on genes that make certain fat - burning enzymes spring into action, helping to suppress the accumulation of body fat.
学者们觉得是醋里面的酸物质——醋酸——接通了小鼠体内的某些基因，这些基因转成许多专管燃烧脂肪的蛋白酵素，而这些活跃的酵素有助于抑制脂肪的堆积。
enzymes:酵素
This would result in a lack of acetylene on Titan and a depletion of hydrogen close to the moon's surface, where the microbes would live, they said.
他们说：这可能造成“提坦”卫星上乙炔的缺失和靠近卫星表面氢的消耗，那里是微生物生活之处。
depletion:消耗
"Having about a per cent of acetylene is potentially interesting from the life point of view, "says team member Jonathan Lunine of the University of Arizona in Tucson.
“从生命角度看法，有1%的乙炔很令人感兴趣。” 来自图森市亚利桑那大学（Universityof Arizona ）的团队成员JonathanLunine说。
view:看法
In a corner of the café, an acetylene lamp gives a flickering light.
一盏电石灯在咖啡馆的角落里闪烁的不定。
flickering:闪烁的
Established truths are comforting, but it is the mysteries that make the soul ache and render a life of exploration worth living.
已经确定的真理让人鼓舞，但是却是那些谜团让灵魂渴望，让我们为值得勘探的事物而活。
exploration:勘探
As she stood, hesitant, wondering where she could hide until the ache in her breast subsided a little, a thought came to her, bringing a small ray of hope.
她就犹豫不定地站着，不知该躲到哪里去让疼痛的心情略略平息，这时她忽然起了一个念头，这给她带来了一线微弱的希望。
ache:疼痛
No one is standing there waiting to give you a big gold star no matter how much of an over -achiever you may be.
无论你在多大程度上做到超越自我，也不会有人在那等着你为你颁发一大大的金牌。
one:一
It didn't look at shoe heel height, it looked at anatomical heel length, the distance from the back of your ankle joint to the insertion of the achilles tendon.
他没有着眼于鞋子的高度，他考虑的是脚后跟长度的结构，从踝关节后退到跟腱的附着距离。
back:后退
After nearly five hours of endlessly climbing to over 10,000 feet, we reached a level plateau that was both achingly beautiful and distinctly different.
经过近五个小时的颠簸，我们来到一处海拔约10，000脚的高原平地，这里的景色非常美且非常独特。
feet:脚
It's not the sort of thing where he's sitting around somewhere looking at his watch and saying, oh man, I got an achy knee.
他不会无所事事的在某处呆着，一边手表着表一边说，哦，我膝盖疼，（我老了）。
watch:手表
It's the stuffy, achy, non- feverish, annoying kind that doesn't totally knock you out but does slow you down.
鼻子塞、身上疼、非发烧，但令人讨厌的种类，虽然不会把你打趴下，但是却会拖慢你的速度。
kind:种类
Pain can come and go, a bothersome reminder of a past injury; it can be dull and achy or sharp and shooting; it can be concentrated in one joint or muscle or seem to radiate throughout the body.
疼痛反复出现，是过去受伤的痛苦记忆，它可以是钝痛或隐隐的痛、锐痛或刺痛，它可以集中在某一个关节某块或肌肉或辐射全身。
injury:受伤
The sea would not become so acidic that shells would actually dissolve, but the extra acidity would mean making them was harder work, which might upset the oceanic ecosystem quite badly.
海洋不会变得酸度那么大以至于贝壳完全溶解掉，但是多余的酸意味着要产生这些贝壳将是很困难的，这会严重破坏海洋生态平衡。
acidity:酸度
But as carbon dioxide builds up in the atmosphere, ocean water becomes more acidic.
但随着大气中二氧化硫含量的增加，海水变得酸性更强。
dioxide:二氧化硫
But as carbon dioxide builds up in the atmosphere, ocean water becomes more acidic. And shellfish have trouble growing their shells.
但随着大气中二氧化硫含量的增加，海水变得酸性更强。而甲壳类生物难以生成它们的甲壳了。
dioxide:二氧化硫
When carbon dioxide dissolves in seawater, the concentration of hydrogen ions increases, making it more acidic.
当二氧化硫在海水中溶解，氢离子浓度会增加，使海水变得更酸。
dioxide:二氧化硫
When we run from our nature, we cause our own pangs of loneliness … but when we acknowledge and embrace our nature, we find the beauty of aloneness.
当我们逃避自己的本性是，我们使自己感受到寂寞的痛苦……但是，我们承认并接受我们的本性是，我们会发现寂寞的美丽。
loneliness:寂寞
For example, certain log events that impact financial data or personal information might require an acknowledgement because this log event is part of a larger transaction.
比方说，影响财务数据或个人信息的某些登录事件可能需要致谢，因为这些登录事件是更大事务中的一部分。
acknowledgement:致谢
The acknowledgement happens automatically so this does not affect the program code.
致谢是自动发生的，因此这不影响程序代码。
acknowledgement:致谢
However, by making the server fault-tolerant, as discussed above, the client can simply resubmit the log message and wait for the acknowledgement message to arrive.
然而，像上面提到的，通过使得服务器具有容错性，客户端可以简单的重新发送日志消息来等待致谢信息的到达。
acknowledgement:致谢
We want to use the same socket connection to both read the inbound message and send back the acknowledgement.
我们想使用同一个套接字联系来读取入站消息并发送回确认消息。
connection:联系
This means that every sender sending a message expects a reply message - - the acknowledgement -- from the server.
这意味着每个消息发送者在发送一条消息后都会等待从服务器返回的一条回应消息-致谢。
acknowledgement:致谢
The sender gets an automatic acknowledgement of their'gift ', an instant' thank you '.
发送器会自动致谢他们的“赠品”已送到，会立即显示“谢谢！”
acknowledgement:致谢
If the proxy servers in the initial transaction flows have added themselves to the transaction through requests to record the route, the acknowledgement is sent through those servers.
如果初始事务流中的代理服务器通过请求将自身添加到了事务中来记录路由，致谢信息将通过这些服务器发送。
acknowledgement:致谢
The design feature enabling the client to determine whether the request message got lost is the acknowledgement message.
做为一个设计特色，消息确认使得客户端能够确定要求信息是否丢失。
request:要求
If the message was already processed, in other words an entry exists in the persistence log, the server doesn't process the message and sends the acknowledgement immediately.
如果消息已经被处理，换句话说，存储日志中存在对应的条目，则服务器将不会处理消息而是立即返回致谢信息。
acknowledgement:致谢
The lawyer shook his head, as if disturbed by her acknowledgment of this.
那个律师晃晃他的头，好像被她致谢这件事搞的蒙了头似的。
acknowledgment:致谢
Its general acceptance requires the acknowledgment of the truth that one cannot make all people richer by printing money.
普遍验收金本位需要承认一个事实，就是印发钞票是不能使所有的人更加富有的。
acceptance:验收
Prime Minister Berlusconi said this agreement should put an end to 40 years of discord and is a concrete and moral acknowledgment of the damage inflicted on Libya by Italy during the colonial era.
贝卢斯科尼说，这份协议应该结尾两国之间长达40年的不和，而且表明意大利在道义上承认自己殖民时代给利比亚造成的破坏，并为此作出具体补偿。
end:结尾
Nor does it offer much hope in terms of change or even general acknowledgment of what actually happened to these people, most of them peasants.
无论是追究责任归属，还是致谢在这些人身上到底发生了什么事情，都已经不可能了，因为大多数的受害人是小农。
acknowledgment:致谢
Dr Fang had written an article that drew on a paper in Science without, Dr Xiao felt, proper acknowledgment of the original researcher.
方博士引用《科学》上的一篇论文写了一篇文章，肖医生觉得他没有做到适当地致谢原来的研究者的工作。
acknowledgment:致谢
Mr. Phelps ’ transgression, and his acknowledgment of poor judgment, is certain to rock the worlds of the legions of youthful swimmers who dream of emulating him.
菲尔普斯的不当行为和他致谢自己判断力差肯定会震撼到大批梦想仿效他的年轻游泳选手们。
acknowledgment:致谢
Thus, this acknowledgment of the otherness of the other, which makes him the object of objective knowledge, involves the fundamental suspension of his claim to truth.
因此，致谢他者的相异性，使之成为客观知识的对象，涉及到从根本上中止对知识的追求。
acknowledgment:致谢
At the heart of this hugelyimpressive collection is Li's delicate weighing up of silence versus speech, her acknowledgment of the uselessness of words in the face of violence andrepression.
李的故事集最中心的给人非常印象深刻的地方就是沉默和言语的权衡，她致谢在暴力和压抑面前言语是无力的。
acknowledgment:致谢
Israel ’s proposals seem dutiful, an acknowledgment of a stalemate that not even so ferocious an assault on Hamas can undo.
以色列的建议似乎还有点儿责任心，以色列也已经致谢了目前的僵局，如此凶猛的攻击居然都没打退哈马斯。
acknowledgment:致谢
PuSi into phil It has already been analyzed, on the field just like external cause, and fighting progressive is the internal cause, internal and external combination will reach the acme.
前面已经分析过了，放到喜欢的领域只是外因，而拼搏进取是内因，内外组合才会达到极致。
combination:组合
If you have acne, use makeup to cover the worst of it.
如果你有粉刺，那就化妆品一下把最难看的部分掩饰住。
makeup:化妆品
The good news about acne is that it usually gets better or disappears by the end of adolescence.
好消息是，在青春期结尾的时候，青春痘都会变得不严重，或者消失。
end:结尾
Blinded by greed, she underestimated the potential of her young acolyte, and killed the goose that was laying the golden eggs.
由字当头，她低估了她年轻的助手潜在的，杀鹅取金蛋的产蛋。
potential:潜在的
For example, the bridal rose symbolizes happiness, the oak and the acorn symbolize endurance... and we have a long list.
例子，新娘玫瑰象征着幸福，橡树和橡子象征着耐力...我们有长长的名单。
example:例子
For example, the bridal rose symbolizes happiness, the oak and the acorn symbolize endurance...
例子，新娘玫瑰象征着幸福，橡树和橡子象征着耐力...
example:例子
Nicholas Holland, a marine biologist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego, compares specimens with two species of acorn worm already described.
而另一个探险队员NicholasHolland，是圣地亚哥斯克里普斯海洋研究所的海洋生物学家，正在比较两个橡子虫物种的标本。
worm:虫
The latency needs to be so small that it gives to the musician the impression of playing a real acoustic instrument.
潜伏必须很小，这样可以给音乐家一个正在弹奏一件真正的声学乐器的感觉。
latency:潜伏
Could he, or the Lucases, have pitched on any man within the circle of our acquaintance, whose name would have given the lie more effectually to what they related?
无论是柯林斯也好，是卢卡斯一家人也好，他们偏偏在我们的熟人中挑出这么一个人来说谎，这不是太容易给人家揭穿了吗？
lie:说谎
But if you do not become acquainted with yourself then you are in poverty, and it is you who are the poverty.
但倘若你们不认识自己,倘若你们对自己没有真知，便活在贫困里，你们就是贫困
poverty:贫困
This will continue for about a week or more until the new fish gets acquainted with the old ones and they live happily ever after.
这种情况会持续那些星期或者更久，直到新来的鱼跟“原住民”混熟了，它们才能一起幸福愉快地生活。
ones:那些
Lot of bachelors said that they didn't have sufficient time to get acquainted with their true love.
很多单身汉的人都说自己的工作忙得没有足够的时间去认识真命天子（天女）。
bachelors:单身汉
Finally, there's no discussion -- none -- about what the political and economic effects would be during the period of uncertainty and / or if China decided they weren't going to acquiesce.
最后，在这个不确定的时段以及/或者如果中国不会勉强认同美国做法时，对于政治和经济上会有什么影响没有任何什么讨论余地—— 一点都没有任何。
none:没有任何
Moscow's acquiescence would also bring on board China, whose guiding principle is never to be isolated in the council.
而由于中国的指导方针是绝不使自己在安理会被孤立，所以莫斯科默许默认的话，中国也会紧随其后。
acquiescence:默认
For example, chauffeur Pande said he wants his two children to acquire skills that will help them do better jobs than driving.
例子，作为司机的潘德说，他希望他的两个孩子能学到技术，让他们找到比司机更好的工作。
example:例子
For example, a “promoter ” might become a“ conglomerator ”, and a “professional manager ” might be an“ acquirer ” or an “inventor - researcher ”.
例子，“推销员”可能成为“集团企业首脑”，“职业经理人”可能是“收购者”或“发明家兼研究员”。
example:例子
These types of contracts provide an acquirer with more confidence in the projected revenues of an acquisition target, as well as confidence in the long term defensibility of the business.
这类合同，让获得者对于获得对象的未来年收入有更多的信心，同时对于该业务的长期安全性也更乐观。
acquisition:获得
However, the rise of obesity is a major public health concern around the world, and one which we share, and the Jenny Craig acquisition allows us to help many of our consumers.
不过，肥胖者增加是世界各地一个重要的公共健康问题，我们也关注这个问题，获得珍妮•克雷格使我们能够帮助我们的许多消费者。
acquisition:获得
Ability to gain market share, technologies, or a foothold in a new area of business or geographical market via merger with or acquisition of another company.
能够通过合并或获得另一个公司，在业务或地理市场的新的领域中获得市场份额、技术，或立足点。
acquisition:获得
She had no sense of context, of the rules of the game, of the formulas by which her statements and those of the others were toted up into guilt and innocence, conviction and acquittal.
她不理解那环境，不理解那游戏规则，不熟悉她陈述的方法以及其它被累计起来的有罪与纯真，证明有罪和宣告纯真。
innocence:纯真
These acreage additions form part of an on- going strategy, which also includes divestments, with an objective to grow and to upgrade the quality of Shell’s North America tight gas portfolio.
这些加法的油田面积是持续发展战略的一部分，其中还包括资产剥离，目的是发展和提升壳牌北美致密气组合的品质。
additions:加法
Every country south of Rwanda has had acrimonious debates about Chinese “exploitation ”.
卢旺达南部的每个乡村都就中国”开发“进行过激烈的辩论。
exploitation:开发
Opposition parties, especially in southern Africa, frequently campaign on anti-China platforms. Every country south of Rwanda has had acrimonious debates about Chinese “exploitation ”.
尤其是非洲南部国家的反对派们经常发起反华活动，卢旺达以南的所有国家都就中国“开发”的问题发生过激烈的辩论。
exploitation:开发
In China, magic falls under the control of the China Acrobatic Association, which is part of the Communist Party`s propaganda department, he says.
他说，在中国，魔法是归中央宣传部下属的中国杂技协会管理的。
magic:魔法
When a user selects a date from the drop down menu, it has to be formatted into the corresponding string, requiring the opposite lookup, namely the acronym given the index.
当用户从下拉菜单中选择了一个日期后，它必须被格式化为相应的字符串，需要进行反向抬头，也就是根据索引抬头缩写。
lookup:抬头
The meaning of the acronym EPMO varies, mainly as a result of structural or functional needs.
首字母缩略词EPMO的含义总在变化，这主要是由于结构的或功能的需要。
acronym:首字母缩略词
And don't forget Citizens United Not Timid, best known by its acronym, a Hillary - bashing group that got media attention during the last campaign.
而且不要忘记由于其首字母缩略词而知名的美国公民不是畏首畏尾的，一个希拉里扑集体在最后的战役期间受到媒体的关注。
acronym:首字母缩略词
In this article I use the acronym EPMO to refer to any or all of these possibilities generically, unless otherwise specified.
在本文中，我用首字母缩略词EPMO来指所有这些可能性，除非另有说明。
acronym:首字母缩略词
Since all three statements modify data, it's useful to have an acronym for referring to all of them.
因为这三种语句都会修改数据，所以用这个首字母首字母缩略词作为它们的统称。
acronym:首字母缩略词
It should be an act of affirmation by self and not negation by others.
它应该成为自己确认的一种行为而不是他人的否定。
self:自己
"Acting gives them an excuse, in essence, to learn how to express themselves," Aronson said.
“演戏在本质上给了他们一个正当的理由去学习如何表达自己。”阿伦森说。
Acting:演戏
There is nothing special about the phone but now our IT administrator will activate the lock feature.
手机本身没什么特别的，但是现在我们的网络管理员将激活锁功能。
lock:锁
Put your PHP function in a plugin file, and activate it.
将你的PHP函数放入插入文件中，并且激活它。
plugin:插入
The context menu option you need is only active in this mode.
您需要的语境菜单只有在此模式下才是活动的。
context:语境
Once you have an active and valid session, you can request data from the agent directly for one or more OIDs.
一旦拥有了活动和有效的会话，您就可以直接从代理请求一个或多个OIDs 的数据。
OIDs:OIDs
Finally, this paper puts forward the principles of board of trustees: diversity, unifying ability and duty, active participating, cooperation and making the duty clear.
最后提出民办高校董事会建设应遵循的原则，即多样性原则、责能统一原则、积极参加原则、合作性原则以及权限明确原则。
participating:参加
You cannot use them occasionally or only for some types of sexual activity and not others.
你不能偶尔使用或只针对某些类型的性活动而使用，其他的的情况下却不用。
others:其他的
This can be added to your news reader, so that you can see all the recent activity on your search request, without even leaving your news reader.
这个提要可以增加到您的新闻阅读器中，以便您能够看到所有与搜索要求有关的最新活动，您甚至不需要离开新闻阅读器。
request:要求
There is also the possibility that it was an act of god.
这也可能性是神的旨意。
possibility:可能性
Some consider it strictly jazz while others say it's classical, when in all actuality, it's a perfect combination of both.
一些人认为它严格的爵士音乐而另一些人则说这是古典音乐。从所有的现状看这是一个两者完美组合的产物。
combination:组合
What I am trying to point is that what matters is the possibility not the actuality, its the possible truth values not the actual truth values that matter.
我指出这一点是,重要的是可能性性，而不是现实性，可能性真值重要,实际真值不重要。
possibility:可能性
The agency projects it will receive roughly a million more disability applications from 2009 through 2011 than it would have without the recession, says Stephen Goss, its chief actuary.
社会保障总署首席精算师戈斯(StephenGoss)说，该机构估计2009年至2011年期间，与没有出现经济衰退的情况相比，申请无工作能力救济的人数会高出约100万。
recession:经济衰退
Like other giant companies, IBM was awash in tools in 2008: Hyperion, Actuate, Arcplan, Brio, and others were in wide use.
与其他的巨型公司一样，IBM在2008 年被淹没在工具的海洋中：Hyperion、Actuate、Arcplan、Brio 等工具广泛使用。
others:其他的
To achieve an in - focus and magnified image, the researchers actuate the hydraulics to change the curvatures of the lens and detector in a coordinated manner.
为了获取一个内焦距放大的图像，研究人员开动液压装置，改变镜片曲率，以协调方式改变检测器。
lens:镜片
Instead of having a rule that vaguely says, "Don't act up inthe store," make it more specific by saying, "No whining, crying, yelling, screaming, complaining or screaming in the store ."
于其模糊地说“不要在商店里这样表现”不如将其说的更加具体“不要在商场里抱怨，哭，叫喊，抱怨，埋怨” 。
whining:抱怨
At those moments, our bodies actually take over and increase blood flow so that we have greater visual acuity, increased mental capacity and more oxygen and fuel for our muscles to use.
在那些时刻，其实是我们的身体掌握了主导权，血液加速我们的视觉更敏锐、脑力更强、提供给肌肉更多的氧恶化能量。
oxygen:氧
Dr Clinton Wright, professor of neurology at Columbia University, New York, found that moderate drinkers score higher in mental acuity tests than those who never touch alcohol.
纽约哥伦比亚大学神经病学教授克林顿·怀特博士发现，适度饮酒者在精神敏锐度测试中的表现比那些从不沾酒的人得分更高。
neurology:神经病学
We express our great appreciation to the Director General and the Secretariat for their political acumen and the responsible spirit displayed on the issue of anti- nuclear terrorism.
我们对总干事和秘书处在反核恐怖问题上表现出来的政治敏锐性和认真负责的精神表示高度欣赏。
appreciation:欣赏
Gentle acupressure is applied to restore a sense of serenity to your day.
温和的穴位适用于恢复一种宁静的一天。
serenity:宁静
It may be that the benefits of acupuncture have something to do with the way the body transmits or processes pain signals.
这可能是因为针刺的好处和身体传递和处理疼痛信号的方式有密切关系。
acupuncture:针刺
One of the longstanding mysteries surrounding acupuncture is why the technique only seems to alleviate pain if needles are inserted at specific points.
长期以来围绕针炙的未解之谜之一是：为什么似乎只有在特定积分插针这一疗法才能减轻疼痛。
points:积分
Because the most recent study lasted only three months, it ’s not clear how long the benefit of acupuncture lasts.
因为近期的研究只持续了三个月，但我们并不清楚针刺的效果到底能持续多久。
acupuncture:针刺
Dr. Eleanor M. Walker, director of breast radiation oncology at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit, said that while she expected to see some benefits from acupuncture, the results were surprising.
底特律亨利福特医院的乳腺放射肿瘤科主任埃莉诺M·沃克医生说，虽然她能够预见一些针刺的疗效，但这样的结果仍然令人惊讶。
acupuncture:针刺
In the five years she and her ­ husband Mark had been trying to ­ conceive, Mandy tried ­ spiritual ­ healing, feng shui, ­ acupuncture, organic diets and a host of herbal remedies.
在过去的五年中，她和她的丈夫马克一直在努力怀孕，曼迪尝试过精神疗法，风水学，针刺，有机饮食以及一系列中药疗法。
acupuncture:针刺
We continue to conduct tests, but increasingly, we conduct long conversations with her, acutely aware that our creation will raise many ethical questions on the part of the public.
我们将继续进行测试但渐渐地我们进入了与她的长谈强烈地感受到我们的创建物会产生许多部分涉及到公众的道德问题.
creation:创建
When I click on a link I expect to be taken straight to that page, rather than being dumped on a page with a big ad on it.
当我点击一个关联的时候，心里希望的是能直接被带到我点的那个网页，而不是被扔到一个挂着个大大的广告牌的页面。
link:关联
For example, the term "Adam's Apple" refers to legendary accounts of the apple sticking in Adam's throat when he took it from Eve and ate.
例子，“亚当的苹果”一词描写了亚当吃了夏娃的苹果后被卡住喉咙的传说。
example:例子
This technique decouples each EIS from the server, because only the resource adapter needs to understand the EIS interface and connectivity issues.
此技术将每个EIS与服务器解耦开来，因为只有资源适配器需要理解EIS接口和连接问题。
decouples:解耦
For example, in the enterprise integration domain you might use message, proxy, and adapter.
例子，在企业整合领域中，您可能会用到消息、代理和适配器。
example:例子
Finally, you can configure some custom properties in the resource adapter, activation specification, and connection factory according to your specific requirement.
最后，您可以根据具体需要在资源适配器、激活规范和联系工厂中配置一些自定义属性。
connection:联系
For example, EAI technology, such as a broker, may provide a more centralized capability to perform adaptor function for multiple applications or legacy systems.
例子，EAI技术，比如代理，可以提供更集中的能力来执行用于多个应用程序或者遗留系统的适配器功能。
example:例子
Add each column in the wants and needs section to get an understanding of where you spend.
在“想要的”和“必须的”里面各加一柱子，这样就可以了解花费到哪里去了。
column:柱子
It can, admittedly, create tensions but it is up to our staff to provide the added value.
诚然，这样会造成一些紧张局势状况，但附加值的提供则取决于我们的工作人员。
tensions:紧张局势
The review concludes with observations about the added value of communication strategies in polio eradication efforts and implications for global and local public health communication interventions.
本文结尾论述了小儿麻痹症根除工作中传播策略的附加值和对全球和地区性公共健康传播干预措施的意义。
interventions:干预措施
That said, I will also demonstrate RAID installation and the subsequent configuration in several other distributions, in a sort of addendum article to this tutorial.
不过，我也会演示袭击安装和在其他几个发行版的后续配置——，和本教程编为同一类。
RAID:袭击
Below the planetary display, each bit serial adder controls one element of the display, the orrery, each of them corresponding to calculate that planet's orbit.
下面展示的行星，每个位串行加法器控制，展示的元素，太阳系仪，其中每一个对应计算出地球的轨道。
display:展示
Some contact with even the most awful, addicted or inadequate parent is usually better than none at all: it helps the children make sense of what has happened.
与即使是最糟糕的、上瘾的或不合格的父母保持某些联系通常要比完全没有任何的好：这有助于孩子理解发生的事情的意义。
none:没有任何
Yes, smoking is a harmful habit and makes one addicted once they start doing it.
是的,抽烟是一个坏习惯并且一旦你开了个头就会对它上瘾。
smoking:抽烟
Now the destination is the vast world of the Web, and the computer industry says the fast - boot systems cater to an information - addicted society that is agitated by even a moment of downtime.
现在，目的地是浩瀚的网络世界，电脑行业还表示，快速开机系统就是迎合甚至一时的停机时间也使人焦躁的信息成瘾社会。
boot:开机
That's how it triggers addiction in one part of the brain.
这就是它在大脑中部分地方促发瘾的原因。
addiction:瘾
The latest research, which is on a larger scale and is due to be published this month in Psychological Science, tackles alcohol addiction.
最近的一项规模更大的调查着眼于如何铲球酒精成瘾，调查结果即将刊登在这个月的心理科学上。
tackles:铲球
In addition, you can elect to share your files with others.
另外，您可以决定与其他的的用户共享您的文件。
others:其他的
In addition, he begged his uncle to arrange for an honourable reception from the people of Fermo, one that might bring honour not only to Giovanni but also to himself as his pupil.
此外，他恳请他的叔叔让费尔莫百姓为他安排一体面的接风，这样不仅给乔瓦尼带来面子，也让他自己作为他的学生感到光荣。
one:一
Additionally, you are able to immediately assign an ISBN or use an existing one.
另外，你可以立即分配一ISBN或者使用一已经存在的。
one:一
Additionally, any change to the cloud computing connection involves a code change.
此外，任何到云计算联系的更改都涉及到代码更改。
connection:联系
In effect, Chinese is typically a career. Spanish is a practical add - on to your daily life, meshing with whatever career you choose.
从发挥的作用在来看，中文更像是一种职业，而西班牙语则是你的一种生活附加品，它能很好地和你所选择的任何职业相融合。
on:在
The user should be able to change a contact's information and also add and remove contacts to and from the address book.
这个用户应该能够更改接触人的信息，并且能够在这个地址薄中添加和删除接触信息。
contact:接触
The construction of a lot of massive projects, a lot of outstanding creation, the success of a lot of entrepreneur, can list adduce boundless much external cause and internal cause.
许多宏伟工程的建设，许多卓越的发明创建，许多企业家的成功，都可以列举出无穷多的外因和内因。
creation:创建
A decision on handling the complaint has been made, and the complainers fails to adduce new proof;
已经作出处理决定，并且抱怨者没有提出新的证据；
complainers:抱怨者
At the end of the day, add up the percent DVs.
在一天结尾后，把所有营养素的百分比加起来。
end:结尾
At the end of each iteration, add up the value estimates for the stories you completed in that iteration.
在每个迭代结尾时，将所完成的每个故事的业务价值估算汇总起来。
end:结尾
All this doesn't add up to a recovery yet, but it does reflect a return to some level of normalcy.
这并不意味着一个经济复苏，但是这也代表了市场在一定程度上的回到了常态状态。
normalcy:常态
There are also pharyngeal tonsils, better known as adenoids, and lingual tonsils, at the base of the tongue.
另外还有咽扁桃腺常称为类腺样体和舌扁桃腺，位于舌根部。
adenoids:腺样体
Furthermore, children who relapsed after removal of their tonsils and adenoids had significantly higher blood pressure at follow up than children who didn't.
此外，儿童谁复发后，取消他们的扁桃体和腺样体显着高于血液中的压力，在跟随的儿童相比，谁没有。
follow:跟随
Measuring of A / N ratio has significant clinical value in selections of curettage of adenoids.
测量A/N对选集腺样体刮除术具有一定的临床价值。
selections:选集
The report blames rising coastal populations and a lack of adequate infrastructure and waste handling facilities for the increase in pollution.
报告把污染增加的原因归咎于沿海人口的增加以及缺少足够的基础设施和污水处理厂。
lack:缺少
Perhaps the threshold for attaining a diagnosis of ADHD will be lower for your children: it's a condition, like many others, with a notably flexible diagnostic boundary.
也许对你的孩子来说确诊为ADHD的界限会降低：这是一种病症，和许多其他的病症一样，确诊界限有着很大的弹性。
others:其他的
Von Willebrand disease is characterized primarily by a defect in platelet adhesion to the endothelium.
血管性血友病的主要特征是发生在血小板附着力在血管内皮细胞过程中的缺陷。
adhesion:附着力
Objective To investigate the expression of vascular cell adhesion molecule - 1 (VCAM - 1) in colon cancer and its clinical significance.
目的研究冒号癌中血管细胞黏附分子-1（VCAM-1）的表达状况及临床意义。
colon:冒号
Conclusions: The study suggests that the proliferation and adhesion of trophoblast in placenta of patients with early abortion was declined.
结论：学习提示早期自然流产患者胎盘中滋养细胞增殖、粘附能力下降。
study:学习
I was getting a lot of pain, so I was prescribed (an adhesive) patch of Fentanyl, and then right after the surgery they gave me Dilaudid.
我真是要多疼痛就多疼痛，所以医生给我用（一种胶）芬太尼贴膏，然而刚做完手术时，他们就已给我用过双氧吗啡。
pain:疼痛
First one enzyme attacks the water resistant chemical coating the surface, then others take over and tackle the paper and adhesive layers.
第一波酶会破坏包裹在材料周围的防水化工物质，然后其他的的酶就开始处理纸张和粘合层。
others:其他的
There is the disposable paper ones that use a strong adhesive and the reusable ones that use silicone that can be washed and reused.
一种为一次性纸质品，具有很强的粘合性；一种可以清洗、重复使用，使用的材料是硅酮树脂。
silicone:硅酮
Ad hoc distribution schemes for this information (for example, spreadsheets) may suffice for managing a handful of services used by a small community.
此信息的临时分发模式（例子电子表格）可能对于管理小型社区使用的少量服务已经足够了。
example:例子
For more granular searches, you can also perform a NEAR search to look for words near other words and adjacent (ADJ), which looks for words near others, but only in the specified order.
对于更为细化的搜索，还可执行一个NEAR搜索来查找靠近和邻近（ADJ）其他的单词的单词，不过它查找的是靠近其他的单词的单词，但只能按指定的顺序。
others:其他的
At the end of the proceedings today, the adjournment of the House will be proposed until Tuesday, May 21, with, of course, provision for earlier meeting if need be.
今天戚议结尾时，将会提议下议院休会到五月二十一日星期二，当然，附带的决议是，如有必要，可提早复会。
end:结尾
At the end of today's proceedings, the adjournment of the House will be proposed until May 2l with provision for earlier meeting if need be.
今天的议程结尾时，建议休会到5月21日，并准备在必要时提前开会。
end:结尾
If no announcement is made, the polls shall be deemed to have closed upon the final adjournment of the meeting.
如果没有公告票数，则投票应被认为在最后的延期会议上结束。
announcement:公告
Determine Non- monetary Eligibility This use case allows the UI staff and others to adjudicate when a nonmonetary issue has been detected or reported.
决定非货币合理性当非货币条目被检测出或被报告时，本用例允许用户界面或其他的的职员进行裁定。
others:其他的
Around the world at 222 visa - issuing embassies and consulates, a highly trained corps of consular officers and support staff adjudicate millions of visa applications each year.
在全世界222个签发签证的使领馆，一批训练有素的领事官员及辅助人员每年审理百万签证申请。
millions:百万
Similar objections apply to using a board as a desktop; people will have to get used to using pads and tabs on a desk as an adjunct to computer screens before taking embodied virtuality even further.
类似的异议倾向于将一个板子当成一个桌面来使用；在嵌入式虚拟性走得更远之前，人们必须习惯于将桌子上的垫子和标签当成是计算机屏幕的一个附属物品来使用。
virtuality:虚拟性
XML is a powerful medium for content, as it turns your documents from a mash of text and objects into a sortable, adjustable, hierarchical collection of pieces.
XML是一种功能强大的内容处理工具，可以将糊状物了文本和对象的文档转换为可排序的、可调整的、有层次的集合。
mash:糊状物
In our application, we change this to a single column title for the adjuster's name and also update the information shown for each subscription.
在我们的应用程序中，我们将其更改为一个单独的柱子标题用作调整器的名称，同时也为每个订阅行为更新显示出来的信息。
column:柱子
In its rudimentary form, a human being receives the claim information and decides whether to approve the claim, reject it, or involve an adjuster.
其基本形式存在这样，工作人员接收索赔信息，并确定存在批准该索赔，还存在拒绝或提交给理算人。
being:存在
Though I am not commander adjutant orally officer but Ididtrymy best tohelpout in the unit and to lead by exampletobeexample.
虽然我并不是指挥官，副官或舍监，但是我尽己所能地帮忙他人，起到模范带头作用。
tohelpout:帮忙
He has a relaxed directing style, encouraging the actors to ad lib in order to create a better sense of reality.
为营造更真实的感觉，他采用一种随意的导演风格，鼓励演员库发挥。
lib:库
The only difference is that you should use naming role names instead of admin role names.
唯一不同之处的是，您应该使用命名角色名称，而不是管理角色名称。
difference:不同之处
NOTE: even if an admin has excluded bots and spiders once from your report does not mean that you are in the clear forever.
笔记：即使一个管理员已经从你的报告中排除了机器人和蜘蛛，这并不意味着从此就清洁一片。
NOTE:笔记
For example, when you apply one of the standard templates to administer your change management processes, all team members can by default query all records in the database.
举例来说，当你应用其中一个标准模板来管理你的变更管理过程时，所有的团队成员缺省可以询问数据库中的所有记录。
query:询问
You can also administer a set of clones as a group, thereby improving usability and eliminating a single point of failure in the application server.
您也可以将克隆人的集合作为组管理，从而改善可用性，并且消除应用程序服务器中的单一故障点。
clones:克隆人
Fathers provided little or no child care; their chief role at home was to administer discipline.
父亲很少或根本不关心孩子，他们在家里的主要作用就是执行惩罚。
care:关心
For all his talk of supporting the hopes of the undocumented, his administration has been doubling down on the failed strategy of mass expulsion.
在他所有关于给这些非法移民希望的演说中，他的政府却在“大量开除”这个失败的政策上下了双重注。
expulsion:开除
Admiral William Gortney said the shootings happened shortly after the hostage - takers were observed by sailors aboard the USS Bainbridge "with their heads and shoulders exposed ".
舰队司令威廉姆·格特尼说，美国军舰班布里奇上的海员观察到挟持人质者“曝露出头和肩”，之后不久就开枪枪击案。
shootings:枪击案
With such powerful recommendations, the War Office gave its official approval to the trench coat in 1901, with the Admiralty for the Royal Marines following suit in 1906.
有了这样强有力的推荐，（英国）陆军部在1901年正式赞同了该风雨衣在陆军中的推广，随后（英国）海军部也在1906年赞同该风雨衣供皇家海军陆战队使用。
approval:赞同
The annual occupancy cost per workstation in Hong Kong's Central and Admiralty districts surged 31% to $22, 330 last year from $17, 050 in 2009, the steepest rise in DTZ's survey for 2010.
去年，香港中环及金钟地区的写字楼每工位年度租用成本从2009年的17,050美元彪升至去年的22,330美元，涨幅高达31%，是戴德梁行2010年民意调查报告中的最大涨幅。
survey:民意调查
A word of admiration holds more value for her than compliments.
于她而言，一句真诚恭维比恭维话要受用的多。
compliments:恭维
It sees the games as marking not just its re- emergence as a global economic force but also as a country that the rest of the world treats with admiration and respect.
奥运会看起来不仅仅标志着它作为全球经济推动力重新紧急情况而且标志着一个受到世界上其他国家羡慕和尊敬的国家的重新崛起。
emergence:紧急情况
Ignorance is the mother of fear as well as of admiration.
无知是羡慕的根源，也是害怕的根源。
fear:害怕
But no brutality disgusted her: I suppose she has an innate admiration of it, if only her precious person were secure from injury!
但是任何残酷都引不起她厌恶，我猜想只要她这宝贝的本人的安全不受损害，她对于那种残酷还有一种内心的赞赏哩！
brutality:残酷
No one wanted to reach such a conclusion less than did Shulman, a longtime admirer of Bell's.
没有人希望面对这样一结论，尤其对舒尔曼更是如此，很长时间以来，他都是贝尔的崇拜者。
one:一
When I think of that time, I picture the four of us wading in the shallows, admiring our reflections in the glassy, motionless lake.
当我回想那个年代，我们四个在林阴漫步的场景浮现出来，欣赏从玻璃般平静的湖水中思考出来的影像。
reflections:思考
And whilst gym -goers exercise inside an air-conditioned gym, dog walkers are able to rack up the miles and enjoy fresh air whilst admiring the Great British countryside.
去健身房的人在一个开空调的室内进行锻炼，而遛狗者可以在欣赏英国乡村风光的同时锻炼了数英里，呼吸了新鲜空气。
exercise:锻炼
The authority of attestation organization is insufficient, lack market admittance mechanism, the market superintends strength inadequacy.
认证机构的权威性不够，缺少市场准入机制，市场监管力度不足。
lack:缺少
Admittedly the brevity of this list is a result in part of my implicitly defining philosophy narrowly.
诚然，这份名单的简洁部分是由于我对哲学未予阐明的狭隘定义。
brevity:简洁
Instead of assuming that God is on their side, perhaps Americans should heed Abraham Lincoln's admonition that our greatest concern should be "whether we are on God's side ."
即便假定上帝和我们同在一方，或许美国人应当重温亚伯拉罕.林肯的警告，历史上那些最伟大的人所忧虑的，是“我们是否站在上帝的一边”。
concern:忧虑
For example, I don't know of a single programmer who couldn't benefit from the admonition to "fix the problem, not the blame" and to sign your work like a proud craftsman.
例子，我认为没从“要解决问题，而不是推卸责任”这句忠言中受益的程序员，不能像个自豪的艺术家一样在他的杰作上签上大名。
example:例子
At times, plug-in B may also depend on plug -in C, plug-in D, plug -in E, ad nauseam -- and each of these plug -ins may further depend on others.
有时候，插件B可能还会依赖于插件C、D、E，令人更不爽的是，这些插件每个都可能会依赖于其他的插件。
others:其他的
For example, in some circumstances, using dbExpressTM instead of ODBC / JDBC or ADO can improve query performance.
例子，在某些情况下，使用dbExpress TM来代替ODBC/JDBC或ADO可以提高查询性能。
example:例子
And of course that whole intervening period in adolescence when children are very strong in that respect, you can put up a fight.
当然，整个在青春期介入的阶段,当孩子们在这方面不是很强的时候,你们可能会和彼此斗争。
intervening:介入
And so while the defective gene may be there at birth, its effect does not show up until many years into one ’s life, post adolescence in young adulthood.
再加上人一诞生时就带有这种有缺陷的基因，因此它的症状往往要潜伏数年，直到年轻人的后青春期时代才会发作。
birth:诞生
In fact, one can become bilingual at any time during one's life -- as a child, as an adolescent, or as an adult.
然而事实上每个人在人生的任何时期----童年，青春期，或者成年后都可以成为一通晓两种语言的人。
one:一
This is often an area that is forgotten; the teams adopt new approaches well with positive results, but no one promotes them back into the organization.
这是一经常被遗忘的领域，团队采用新方法并得到了积极的成果，但是却没有人在组织中推进他们。
one:一
The IQs of adopted children, for example, lose all resemblance to those of their adoptive family members and become more like the IQs of the biological parents they have never known.
例子，被领养的孩子（在长大以后）的IQ与领养家庭的其他成员之间的相似性会逐渐丧失，而越来越象他们根本不认识的亲生父母的IQ。
example:例子
In international adoption, a buffer of distance, language, culture, and class exists between the adoptive parents and the birth parents, and, to be honest, that was one of the things I liked about it.
而在跨国采用中，采用父母和生身父母之间存在着距离、语言、文化和社会阶层等等的巨大差异，老实说，这也正是我所希望的。
adoption:采用
In international adoption, the agencies generally choose who gets which children, and that relieves the adoptive families of the burden of selling themselves.
与此相反的是，跨国采用通常是由代理机构来决定哪个家庭采用哪个孩子，这切实免除了采用家庭推销自己的烦恼和负担。
adoption:采用
Few things feel better than receiving heartfelt praise and appreciation from someone else. God loves it too. He smiles when we express our adoration and gratitude to him.
没有什么事情能听到别人赞美和欣赏让人感觉更好了。上帝也喜欢它。当我们表达我们的崇敬和感激，他会满含微笑。
appreciation:欣赏
Professional dancers, athletes and entertainers, for example, have more opportunity to cheat on their spouses because they often work away from home and are surrounded by adoring fans.
例子专业的舞蹈演员、运动员和演艺人员有更多的机会欺骗他们的伴侣，因为他们经常出差工作，并被大批崇拜的粉丝包围。
example:例子
The neighbouring emirate of Abu Dhabi is bringing branches of the Louvre and Guggenheim museums to adorn a new island suburb.
迪拜邻接的阿布扎比酋长国正把卢浮和古根海姆博物馆的分馆搬来，以装饰近郊的一个小岛。
neighbouring:邻接
Smoking stimulates adrenalin production, so cut down or give up. Reseach shows heavy smokers take longer to fall asleep, wake up more during the night and sleep more lightly.
抽烟刺激肾上腺素的产生,所以要少吸或是不吸,研究表明,烟瘾大的人需要更长时间才能入睡,睡觉时醒来次数多,并且睡得不沉.
Smoking:抽烟
The aesthetics of European cities offer the consolation of the past ’s grandeur but seldom the adrenalin of future possibility.
欧洲城市的美感为其过去的恢宏提供了慰藉，但几乎不能为可能性的未来带来刺激。
possibility:可能性
Weeks before Gagarin's successful flight, the brothers claimed to have detected and recorded radio transmissions of a cosmonaut slowly dying while adrift in space.
在加加林成功航班前的几周，兄弟俩声称侦测并录下了一些无线电传输信号，其内容是一个宇航员在太空漂流中慢慢死去。
flight:航班
Upwards of 250 billion microscopic pieces of plastic are adrift in the Mediterranean, recent sampling by a European environmental group suggests.
某欧洲环保组织最近的采样调查发现，地中海漂浮着超过2500亿颗的塑料微粒。
sampling:采样
InMobi also hopes to differentiate itself through its analytics tools and its adROIt product, which allows advertisers to track and optimize their buys in real time.
InMobi还希望通过自己的分析工具和adROIt（允许广告主即时跟踪并优化自己买的广告）产品让自己与众不同。
buys:买
Lacking self-respect, he struggles to do whatever will please others and win him their adulation.
由于没有自尊心，他于是挣扎着做任何能为他赢得奉承的事情。
adulation:奉承
During my colleagues, there are so many superexcellent ones, trickish ones, adulatory ones, who are doing better than me, and I have fallen to a walk-on.
同事中，能力卓越者、攻于心计者、溜须拍马者，强于我的更是不胜其数，自己现在已沦为那些跑龙套的。
ones:那些
The moment I found something to engage in, like adult education, decorating, sewing or knitting, then I'm happy, right up there.
当我发现一些我想做的事情时，比如成人教育，装潢，缝纫或编织，我会很开心，立马开始做。
decorating:装潢
In some states, for example, students who leave school aren't counted as having dropped out if they enroll in adult education classes like night school.
例子，在一些州里，学生离开学校以后，如果他们上夜校，或者其他什么成人教育班等等，就不计入辍学的统计。
example:例子
Determination of composition of fatty acids can measure the main fatty acids in the vegetable oils and determine what oil or adulterate what vegetable oils.
用气相色谱法分析脂肪酸组成，测定植物油中的主要脂肪酸，来决心是何种油或掺入其它何种植物油；
Determination:决心
Years ago a friend of mine told me: True love can't adulterate others.
几年前一个现在身在远方的朋友对我说过：真正的爱情，不能掺杂其他的。
others:其他的
However, It should be simple to like someone or something, if the feeling adulterate others purposes, it will be lost one of these days.
然而，喜欢某个人和某样东西应该是单纯的，如果这份情感掺杂了其他的的意图，它总有一天将会失去。
others:其他的
For example, Bell thinks he knows the mysterious words Jesus wrote in the dust while defending the adulteress ("He that is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone, "etc.).
例子，Bell认为他理解耶稣死后为娼妇所作的辩解，（上帝对那些试图惩罚娼妇的人群说‘你们中没有罪过的人第一个向她投石头吧。’）
example:例子
If a man or woman is tempted to indulge in adulterous sex, for example, masturbating is a much better alternative to committing a sin.
例子，如果一个男人或者女人受到通奸的诱惑，自慰相比于作出有罪的事来说是个更好的选择。
example:例子
The book is an allegory in which the prophet is presented as a man married to a harlot or an adulterous wife.
此书的主题是预言家以娶了一个妓女或荡妇为妻来隐喻耶和华怜悯以色列人。
prophet:预言家
Each day that passes I grow away from my true self. Every inch I take towards adulthood is a betrayal.
“这就是你自己”你写道，“每天我都远离自己真实的灵魂方向成长，每一尺向着成年期的方向都是背叛。”
adulthood:成年期
Some suggest it helps our large brain reorganise itself before adulthood or that it allows experimentation in behaviour before the responsibility of later years.
一些推论说它有助于我们在成年期以前的大脑重组，也有人说这是为几年后承担责任而做的行为实验。
adulthood:成年期
Now I think people get married after the house and kids because it is very much a public celebration of what they have, rather than the passport to adulthood.
如今，我认为人们之所以在买房、生孩子之后结婚时因为这很大程度上算是一次对他们所有的一切的一次公开的庆祝，而不是通往成年期的通行证。
adulthood:成年期
The freshwater eel is one of the few fishes that do the opposite, spawning in the ocean and spending their adulthood in lakes, rivers, and estuaries — a life history known as catadromy.
淡水鳗鱼是少数几种背道而驰的鱼类，它们在海里产卵，在湖泊河流和河口度过成年期时光——那是一段被称为降海洄游的生命历史。
adulthood:成年期
I thought I might tell him that adulthood was not so glamorous as he supposed, but I knew he would only understand that once it was too late.
我想我可以告诉他成年期并不像他想象的那么美好，但我知道不到已经晚了的时候他是不会理解的。
adulthood:成年期
So drugs and alcohol can actually lead to permanent changes in the way the brain works — in particular, many experts think, a greater likelihood of addiction in adulthood.
所以毒品和酒精实际上会导致大脑永久的工作方式，尤其，像许多专家认为的那样，在成年以后可能性瘾会更厉害。
likelihood:可能性
Different areas of the brain develop in various ways at different rates into early adulthood.
成年期早期，大脑的不同区域以不同的速率各种各样的方式发展着。
adulthood:成年期
Most people, as they enter adulthood, begin their pursuit of happiness.
大部分人在他们进入成年期后开始追寻幸福。
adulthood:成年期
Aperson's upbringing may reflect how he or she will handle anger in adulthood, she said.
人们小时候的教养能反映出他们在成年期时会怎样处理愤怒，她说。
adulthood:成年期
"Specialized face - processing in the brain may require an extended period of visual tuning during early adulthood to help individuals learn and recognize lots of different faces ," Germine says.
大脑中专门进行面孔信息处理，这需要一段时期的视觉校准来帮助在成年期早期的个人学习和识别大量不同的面孔，格曼说。
adulthood:成年期
They also have no age –and mark the transition from childhood to adulthood to old age by changing their name.
该部落的人们也没有年龄，而是根据童年到成年期的生长阶段变换名字。
adulthood:成年期
He loves the outdoor life and hopes to continue hunting into adulthood.
他喜欢户外生活，希望一直可以打猎到他成年期的时候。
adulthood:成年期
Hitting the Sweet Spot: How Consumer insights Can Inspire Better Marketing and Adv.
击中甜蜜点：如何能激发消费者见解更好的营销和高级。
insights:见解
You'll have to book (up) well in advance if you want to see an excellent floor show.
如果你想看夜总会精彩的系列文娱表演，你得进步很多预订座位。
advance:进步
Some customers, who have gone through this process or who have experience in hiring translation services, express their preferences (if any) in advance, before the translation process begins.
一些客户都经历过这个过程或有雇用翻译服务的经验，他们在翻译过程开始之前，会进步表达自己的偏好（如有）。
advance:进步
It is the first time since 1976 that an asteroid has come so close to Earth, and the first time astronomers have ever had this much advance notice.
这是自1976年以来第一次有小行星如此近距离接近地球，也是天文学家首次进步如此长的时间得到确切消息。
advance:进步
It reads the namespaces only one time in advance in the constructor.
它只在构造函数内进步读取一次名称空间。
advance:进步
Advanced analytics, like in the example above, are beyond the scope and capabilities of a reporting framework.
对于高级的分析，例子上面的例子，则超出了报告框架的范围和能力。
example:例子
To modify connection information, filter criteria, or any of the advanced options, use the modify connection menu option on the connection.
要修改联系信息、过滤器标准或任何一个高级选项，请使用联系上的修改联系菜单选项。
connection:联系
Companies that do not invest early on in these new and advanced technologies will find themselves either out of business, or playing catch up after others have dominated the market.
没有尽早向这些新的和先进的技术投资的公司将会发现，它们或者失去生意，或者在其他的公司占领市场之后需要追赶。
others:其他的
We also have some good projects on land titling, because women’s lack of access to land is one of the significant barriers to economic advancement.
我们还实施了若干有效的土地倾斜项目，因为妇女缺少获得土地的机会是阻碍经济进步的严重障碍之一。
lack:缺少
It would be advantageous to have a tool not only to help in problem determination efforts when problems occur, but also to help identify data errors before they impact customers.
拥有不仅可以在问题出现时帮助决心问题，而且可以在数据错误影响客户之前帮助决心数据错误的工具，这将是非常有利的。
determination:决心
Their kindness was an advantageous condition, which gave them an advantage over other applicants for the adoption of a little boy.
他们的仁慈是一个有利的条件，使他们优于别的申请者而可以采用一个小男孩。
adoption:采用
According to Otto, sex is most advantageous when there's a lot of variation in a population, when mutation rates are high and selection pressures are great.
按照奥托的观点，当一个种群内存在大量变化的时候，有性繁殖就极为有利了，这样的种群突变率高，选择压力大。
variation:变化
I have determination, strength, loyalty and a love of adventure. This is my inheritance.
我所拥有的决心、力量、忠诚和对冒险的热爱就是我遗产到的遗产。
inheritance:遗产
First, pay attention to the adverbial of time, if there is one, in the sentence.
首先，如果句子有动词，先注意力它的时态。
attention:注意力
However, traditional medicines and practices can cause harmful, adverse reactions if the product or therapy is of poor quality, or it is taken inappropriately or in conjunction with other medicines.
但是，如果产品或疗法的质量低劣，或者用法不当或与其他药物连词使用，则传统药物和措施可能导致有害的不良反应。
conjunction:连词
Yet another possibility is that violence, poverty, or some other adversity in childhood could affect both IQ and the risk of suicide.
另一个可能性性就是童年时期的暴力、贫困或其他一些灾难可能性会影响到智商和自杀倾向的机率。
possibility:可能性
They argue that if there are nocigarette advertisement on TV, no cigarettes available everywhere, and no adequate pocket money, teenagers are unlikely to take up the habit of smoking.
如果电视上没有香烟广告，香烟不是到处可买得到，孩子的零用钱不是很多的话，青少年不太可能染上抽烟的习惯。
smoking:抽烟
As a CPM advertiser, you are indicating to our system that it’s more important that your ad is seen by your audience rather than clicked i. e. you have chosen to pay for impressions, not clicks.
一名CPM广告商，例如：如果你选择按照展示而不是点击次数来付费。你将证明我们系统能使你们的广告更多地被用户看到而不是被点击次数。
clicks:点击次数
Likewise, Suntory is stuffed with an IT - services firm, a chain of fitness clubs, silverware and jewellery shops, an advertising agency and a flower company of its own.
同样地，三得利也拥有一家IT服务公司、一系列健身俱乐部、多家银器和首饰商店、一家广告机构以及自己的一家花卉公司。
jewellery:首饰
Susan, for instance, writes an advice column about raising boys, but she does it for the local paper rather than a mommy blog.
苏珊，例如，写一篇关于提高男孩的建议柱子，但她并为当地的报纸，而不是妈妈的博客上。
column:柱子
He also said North Korea's reported test-firing of two short-range missiles into the Yellow Sea on Tuesday was neither advisable nor helpful in managing regional tensions.
他还说，据报道，北韩在星期二向黄海试射了两枚短程导弹，这是不明智的，对处理该地区的紧张局势关系毫无帮助。
tensions:紧张局势
For example, some experts will advise you not to tell if your partner ’s not the strongest person emotionally.
例子，如果你的伴侣不是一个思想很强大的人，一些专家就会建议你不要告诉伴侣这事。
example:例子
The characteristics of consumption experience include advisement experience, environment experience, service experience and motion experience.
消耗体验的关键要素可分为广告涉入体验、环境体验、服务体验、情感体验五类。
consumption:消耗
SAGE was established by the WHO Director-General in 1999 as the principal advisory group to WHO for vaccines and immunization.
智者是世卫组织总干事在1999年建立的，作为世卫组织有关疫苗和免疫的主要咨询小组。
SAGE:智者
This Day marks the end of the International Year of Youth, a milestone in global advocacy by and for the world ’s young people.
在全世界青年参与为他们开展的全球宣传中，国际青年年是一个里程碑。今天是国际青年年结尾的日子。
end:结尾
On this centenary, we celebrate the significant progress that has been achieved through determined advocacy, practical action and enlightened policy making.
在这个百年纪念纪念日里，我们庆祝通过坚定的宣传、讲究实际的行动和开明的决策所取得的重大进步。
centenary:百年纪念
In the exercise, the THAAD and Aegis missile defense radar systems worked in tandem and cued one another rather than separately scanning a 360- degree field, MDA officials said.
美国导弹防御局（MDA）的官员说，在这次试验中，THAAD与“宙斯盾”雷达系统相互配合而不是独自扫描360程度的区域。
degree:程度
We aerate the soil allowing oxygen to be present in small amounts through our anthills.
我们给土壤充气，允许氧通过我们的蚁丘而少量充满在土壤中。
oxygen:氧
Be sure to choose fecund qualitative pine, it is good to defend water, aerate beautiful, the potted and special land with good drainage.
务必选用肥沃质松，保水好，通气佳，引流优良的盆栽专用土。
drainage:引流
Aerial bombardment is a form of warfare that was designed as an escape from the past.
空中轰击作为一种战争的形式，是设计用来从以前的形式中解脱出来的。
bombardment:轰击
The utility model belongs to the technical field that an aerie is manually placed in the plain and induces an eagle of a rat's natural enemy for killing the rats.
本公用事业新型属于草原人工放置鹰巢、鹰台引来鼠的天敌鹰来灭鼠的技术领域。
utility:公用事业
The utility model belongs to an eagle seat and an eagle aerie that are artificially arranged.
本公用事业新型属于一种人工设置的鹰座、鹰巢。
utility:公用事业
Has set up an assembly line in Harbin for the EC120 through a joint venture with China National Aero - Technology Import and Export Corporation and Hafei Aviation Industry.
在哈尔滨同中国国家航空技术进出口公司和哈飞工业建立合资公司集会EC120飞机。
assembly:集会
With the development of morden aero - propulsion system, The simulation technology has became one of the most important means in aeroengine design.
随着现代航空推进技术的发展，模拟技术越来越成为先进航空发动机设计的重要手段。
simulation:模拟
DTDS and New Type Frame DTDS tail drive allows full tail control, including aerobatics, during auto rotation maneuvers.
DTDS机尾驱动器允许完全尾部控制，包括在汽车旋转中的特技飞行。
auto:汽车
Walking at a very brisk pace. Jogging, running, bicycling, swimming, and rowing are all aerobic exercises.
用非常快捷的速度步行、跑步、跑步、骑自行车、游泳和划船都是有氧运动。
Jogging:跑步
Of course, there's more to aerobic exercise than walking. Other popular choices include swimming, bicycling and jogging.
当然，除了散步，有氧运动的种类还很多，其他受欢迎的选择包括游泳、自行车和跑步。
jogging:跑步
An aerodrome meteorological observing system AMOS monitors the weather conditions along the two airport runways and neighbouring areas.
机场气象观测系统的作用是监察机场两条跑道及邻接地区的天气情况。
neighbouring:邻接
The photo shows a real-time data display of the aerodrome meteorological observing system, and a log book for recording weather information by the weather observer.
机场气象观测系统的实时数据展示，及天气观测员用以记下天气资料的记录册。
display:展示
For example, an AMDB is used by a system that does not display own ship position relative to the aerodrome.
例子，使用一个资料数据库系统不显示集体所有制的相对位置的机场。
example:例子
Luckily, too, I also seem to be very aerodynamic. It's nothing I've trained for, just the luck of having narrow shoulders and hips; it means I have less wind resistance than the bigger riders.
幸好，我身材的动力空气学效应相当好，这不是通过训练产生的，只是运气的拥有天生窄小的肩臀；那表明我比大个子运动员承受的风的阻力要小。
luck:运气
While the Teamgeist ball was great for strikers, many goal keepers complained that the ball's aerodynamics created a lack of rotation in the air, making its path at times erratic, like a knuckleball.
由于“团队之星”独特的空气动力学设计，导致飞行的球在空中缺少旋转，这种设计遭到了很多门将的诟病，他们认为这样的球飞行路径过于飘忽，难以判断。
lack:缺少
The plane can move 20 or 30 feet up and down, which is quite dramatic for passengers but is of no consequence in aeronautical terms.
飞机可能上下移动20到30脚，这对乘客来说太夸张了，但是从航空学的角度来看没有什么问题。
feet:脚
The German aeronautical pioneer, nicknamed "the flying man," died after a glider crash in August 1896.
这位德国的航空先驱，绰号“飞人”，于1896年在一架飞行器碰撞事故中死去。
crash:碰撞
Gliding was slated to be an official sport in 1940, but the games were canceled, as by then the Germans' aeronautical skills-- among others -- had become quite notorious.
滑翔在1940年被正式选入奥运会项目，但不久后便被撤消了，因为那时候，德国的航空在其他的国家看来是十分臭名昭著的。
others:其他的
TacView functions include tactical data link display, portable mission planning, digital moving map, weather imagery, electronic aeronautical charts and sensor imaging.
其功能包括战术数据链路展示、便携式任务规划、数字化移动地图、气象图片、航空电子图标以及传感器成像。
display:展示
Each year, 20 aeronautical - and mechanical - engineering students get eight months to design, construct, and fly a rocket to a height of exactly 5, 280 feet.
每年有20个航空和机械工程专业的学生花8个月时间设计、建造和发射火箭至5280脚的精准高度。
feet:脚
Australian aeronautical firm Skylifter has come up with a better way to transport heavy equipment to remote areas that are beyond the reach of railways, roads and runways – a flying saucer.
澳大利亚航空公司Skylifter提出一种运输重型装备到铁路、公路和飞机无法抵达的偏远山区的更好解决方案——飞碟。
reach:抵达
Ornithocheirus boasted a wingspan of 40 feet, equivalent to that of a small aeroplane.
打开双翼的鸟掌龙有40脚长，相当一部小型飞机的长度。
feet:脚
In the aerospace industry, for example, workers earn 47 percent more than manufacturing workers generally.
例子，航天工业部门从业人员的收入一般比制造业工人高出47%。
example:例子
"After a joint flight of about 12 days, they will separate," explained Prof Yang Yuguang from the China Aerospace, Science and Industry Corporation.
“在刚性连接航班大约12天后，两太空航天器将会分离”，中国航天科技工业公司的教授杨玉刚解释道。
flight:航班
Aerospace historian Peter Merlin, who has examined this crash site and several others involving secret aircraft, said he's pieced together at least part of the cover - up story.
航天历史学家彼得·梅林仔细查看过该失事地点和其他的几处秘密飞机的失事地点，他说他至少发现了掩盖经过的一部分。
others:其他的
This thesis aims to prove that Hardy is a misunderstood aesthete.
本文旨在证明哈代是一个被被误解的唯美主义者。
misunderstood:被误解
Then the thesis reaches the conclusion that Hardy is a misunderstood aesthete.
因此，本文认为哈代是一个被被误解的唯美主义者。
misunderstood:被误解
He finds beauty all around him, and his aesthetic is like no other.
他能从周围的生活中发现美丽，他的审美丽观独一无二。
beauty:美丽
Historically, there are many reasons for environmental injustice: some economic, some aesthetic; some are simply due to a lack of community resources available.
历史上，环境的不公正的原因有许多：一些是经济的、一些是美学的；一些仅仅是由于缺少可用的社区资源。
lack:缺少
If there are two women in the painting, the disabled one is named the more beautiful, as if Maillol wishes to contrast an aesthetic, fragmentary, and broken beauty to a lesser, intact beauty.
如果这幅画中画的是两个女人，残缺的那个就是更美丽的代表，似乎马约尔希望对美丽学上残缺的、破裂的美丽和次级的、完整的美丽进行对比。
beauty:美丽
The aim is partly aesthetic, but also an attempt to increase the value of neighboring homes and neighborhoods by replacing vacant houses or other signs of blight with greenery.
这样做的目的一部分是出于审美需求，但也可以尝试增加邻接房屋和社区的价值，借以来取代空房子和其它绿色植物枯萎的迹象。
neighboring:邻接
I think the more one zooms out and sees my work from afar one starts to see a cohesiveness, albeit subconscious.
我觉得一个人越将视野缩放，从远处看我的作品，他就渐渐看到一种内聚力，即使是潜意识的。
zooms:缩放
"It is true, Sir," returned Mrs. Sparsit, with an affectation of humility the very opposite of his, and therefore in no danger of jostling it.
“这是实在的，老爷，”斯巴塞太太以一种假装的谦卑态度说，她的谦卑正好与他的谦卑对面的，因此二者之间并无冲突的危险。
opposite:对面的
The former could face problems if Google decides to pull out of the country, but the others might not be affected.
如果谷歌决定退出中国，那么前者可能会面临问题，但是其他的的可能不会受到影响。
others:其他的
Service each copy independently: You can update one copy without affecting any of the other ones.
独立维护每个副本：可以独立更新某那些副本，而不影响其他的副本。
ones:那些
A SNP is a variation in just one nucleotide of a genetic sequence; think of it as a spelling change affecting just one letter in an uncommonly long word.
一个SNP就是只在一个基因顺序的一个核苷酸中发生的变异；就像一个拼写变化只影响一个罕见的长单词中的一个字母。
sequence:顺序
Amazon affiliate links adorn thousands of third party websites around the globe and the programme is now seen as a standard for others to follow.
亚马逊的网站联盟吸引了全球无数的第三方网站加入，而且这一模式已经成为其他的网站学习的榜样。
others:其他的
For example there is one on rainwater harvesting in Sudan and one on groundwater resources in Kenya, both of which will join a networked family of UNESCO - affiliated centres around the world.
例子，苏丹有一个集雨研究中心，肯尼亚有一个地下水资源研究中心，它们都将加入UNESCO下属的全世界科研中心的结成网络的大家庭。
example:例子
Instead, be completely open about your affiliation or ownership with the business in question, and explain exactly why you’re responding to any public criticism.
相反，完全公布你与被质疑企业的联系关系或所有权关系，并解释为什么你会回应所有的公众批评。
affiliation:联系
While subscription is a non- normative part of the V3 specification, it fills a key role in enabling registry affiliation.
尽管订阅是V3规范中的非规范化部分，但它在支持注册中心联系关系上起了关键作用。
affiliation:联系
Our understanding of planet formation suggested that precious metals such as gold and tungsten should have moved into Earth's iron core long ago, due to the affinity they have for bonding with iron.
我们对地球编队的理解认为如黄金和钨等贵金属在很久以前因它们与铁粘合的吸引力而移到了地球的铁核心。
formation:编队
The best way to do this is through marketing to specific niches that are inclined to develop an affinity with your charity.
做到这一点的最好办法是通过市场营销作用于明确的用户群，倾向于制定一个能发展你慈善机构机构的亲和力的计划。
charity:慈善机构
This card is the first affinity card issued in Mainland China which supports philanthropy and public welfare undertakings through membership income in the form of membership contributions.
该卡是我国大陆发行的首张认同卡，以捐赠部分会费收入的形式支持慈善事业公益事业。
philanthropy:慈善事业
How could you lie so glaringly, as to affirm I hated the ``poor child''?
你怎么能这样明目张胆地说谎，确认我恨这个‘可怜的孩子’？
affirm:确认
What OK provided that the others did not was neutrality, a way to affirm or to express agreement without having to offer an opinion.
OK能提供而其他的词语所不能的是中立性，即一种表达确认、赞同却又不需要提供意见的方式。
others:其他的
Some philosophers -- Voltaire among the number-- affirm that it is precisely those persons have made the glory.
有些哲学家，例如伏尔泰诸人，都确认说干那种事的人恰巧是胜利者。
affirm:确认
One of the biggest challenges for me personally is to keep trying to present an affirmative agenda, not a reactive one, because you could end up being kind of an inbox secretary of state.
对我个人而言，最大的一挑战是要不断努力制定出积极而不是被动的工作议程。因为到头来你可能会变成那种收件箱国务卿。
one:一
Moreover, static crosscutting lets you affix extensions and implementations to the fundamental structure of an object.
此外，静态横切可以把扩展名和实现附加到对象的基本结构中。
extensions:扩展名
An estimated 10 to 20 percent of troops coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan are suffering from traumatic brain injuries, or TBIs, which afflict 1. 7 million Americans each year.
未来从伊拉克和阿富汗撤回美国的士兵中，估计有10%到20%的士兵遭受着创伤性脑损伤（脑外伤）之苦，这种脑损伤每年折磨着170万美国人。
TBIs:脑外伤
An American ’s life expectancy at birth is about 78 years, which is lower than in most other affluent countries.
美国人诞生时的平均预期寿命大约是78岁，这比大多数富裕国家的国民寿命要低。
birth:诞生
Around 70% of these early child deaths are due to conditions that could be prevented or treated with access to simple, affordable interventions.
这些早期儿童死亡人数约70%是由一些通过负担得起的简单干预措施可以预防或治疗的病症所导致。
deaths:死亡人数
We’re also making college more affordable for millions of students, and revitalizing our community colleges, so that folks can get the training they need for the careers they want.
我们还让百万学生更加负担得起大学学费，重振我们的社区学院，这样人们便可以获得他们期望的职业所需的技能培训。
millions:百万
Over two-thirds of these early child deaths are due to conditions that could be prevented or treated with access to simple, affordable interventions.
超过三分之二的早期儿童死亡人数是由一些通过负担得起的简单干预措施可以预防或治疗的病症所导致。
deaths:死亡人数
Special study on forest management, afforestation and utilization of forest resources in developing regions.
发展中区域森林管理、造林和森林资源利用专门学习。
study:学习
The NFCP, launched in 1997 following serious droughts, aims to conserve natural forests through logging bans and afforestation with incentives to forest enterprises.
NFCP是在1997年的严重干旱后启动的，目的是通过禁令采伐和激励林业企业造林来保护自然森林。
bans:禁令
Most of the underworld crimes in recent years are seeking quarrels, affray and intentional injury (short for the three kinds of crimes).
近年来，黑恶势力犯罪表现较多的就是寻衅滋事、聚众斗殴和故意受伤案件（简称“三类”案件）。
injury:受伤
From the objective aspect, the defiance and affray crime is similar to crimes like robbery, extortion, intentional injury that it can be easily confused in enforcement practice of law.
寻衅滋事罪从客观方面来看，与抢劫、敲诈勒索、故意受伤等罪类似，执法实践中易混淆。
injury:受伤
"Oh, it's really Newland's story," said his mother smiling; and proceeded to rehearse once more the monstrous tale of the affront inflicted on Mrs. Lovell Mingott.
“哦，其实是纽兰的事，”母亲面带笑容地说，接着又复述了一遍洛弗尔·明戈特太太蒙受公开冒犯的咄咄怪事。
affront:冒犯
Instead of seeing every inconvenience or frustration as a personal affront, imagine a benign explanation.
与其把每一次困难或者挫折的经历看作个人遭受的侮辱，倒不如设想一个善意的解释。
frustration:挫折
The EU's 6,000 fur farms are an affront to the values it proclaims.
欧盟的6,000个毛皮动物养殖场公然冒犯了它所宣布的价值观。
affront:冒犯
So tonight, I want the Afghan people to understand -- America seeks an end to this era of war and suffering.
为此，今晚我希望阿富汗人民能够明白-美国是要结尾这些战争和苦难的岁月。
end:结尾
A character can use the weapon afire ability at will as long as her power point reserve is 9 or more.
灵能观点馀量不少于9的操焰者可以随意使用“火焰武器”能力。
point:观点
I felt it in many places — for example, in the refugee houses set aflame in several German cities. Those houses burned after the fall of the Wall.
我在许多地方感受到这点——例子柏林墙倒塌后在德国几个城市发生的难民住所被焚烧事件。
example:例子
Even with its new orange "life jacket "that hooks around the top to keep it afloat (see photo), the device feels weightless.
即使加上新式橙子“救生衣”——固定在顶部使其漂浮（如图片所示），你也几乎感觉不到重量。
orange:橙子
The different IDE plug-ins support some of the aforementioned list, but none come close to the complete set today.
不同的IDE插件都会支持上述列表的部分特性，但是目前还没有任何一个完全支持上述特性的IDE。
none:没有任何
President Bush's Administration listed North Korea, together with Iran and Iraq, as part of an "axis of evil ". The aforesaid three countries all have intention to make weapons of mass destruction.
北韩被布希总统当局列为与伊朗和伊拉克同为「邪恶的轴心」的一部份，上述三个国家都有意制造大规模毁灭性武器。
evil:邪恶的
Simultaneously it is necessary to pay attention to the applying conditions and applying effects when using aforesaid analytical methods.
同时在应用上述分析方法进行研究时应注意力具体方法的适用条件和应用成效。
attention:注意力
Commentary on the video in the Afrikaans language included sarcastic references to the university's policy of integrating the campus dormitories years after the end of apartheid in 1994.
录像上的评论用的是南非白人语言，其中语讽刺的提到了大学里的一项政策——1994年种族隔离政策结尾后的几年里，大学宿舍实行（不同种族）混住。
end:结尾
Many in Britain are blaming the violence on recent economic turmoil and longstanding tensions between the police and the city's Afro - Caribbean population, of which Duggan was a member.
在英国的许多人将这次暴力事件归结于最近的经济危机和长期以来警察与该市加勒比黑人居民的紧张局势关系，其中杜根（Duggan，8月4日被伦敦警方开枪打死）就是其中的一员。
tensions:紧张局势
The L - 100 - 20 was given plugs fore (5 feet / 1.5m) and aft (3.3 feet / 1m) of the wing.
L-100-20的前沿跳出（5脚/1.5米）和机翼长加长（3.3脚/1米）。
feet:脚
And yet, with a scant half metre on either side, and not much more space fore and aft, the perfect fit serves only to make these "Panamax" ships look out of place.
然而，左右距岸不到半仪表，进退空间有限，这种完美匹配只会使得这些“巴拿马型”船只看上去同运河格格不入。
metre:仪表
A ketch therefore uses three primary sails: the mainsail and head sail, as on a sloop, plus the mizzen sail aft.
因此，双桅风帆使用三面主要的帆：与单桅风帆一致的主帆，前帆，以及尾桅帆。
sails:风帆
A shuttle on the launch pad measures 184 feet (56 meters) tall from the tip of the external tank down to the aft skirts of its twin solid rocket boosters.
从外部燃料箱的顶端至船尾固体火箭助推器的裙摆，发射台上的航天飞机高184脚（56米）。
feet:脚
The improved AFT algorithms for even and odd functions can also be used for computing discrete cosine transform (DCT) and discrete sine transform (DST), respectively.
本文改进的偶函数和奇函数的AFT算法还分别可以用来计算离散余弦转换（DCT）和离散正弦转换（DST） 。
transform:转换
Share are up in after - hours trading, and have made up for the dip earlier today on the Steve Jobs health news.
股票在贸易几个小时后开始上涨，已经改变了今天早些时候公布史蒂夫健康状况时的低迷走势。
trading:贸易
Egalitarianism: The tax system should try to achieve a more equal distribution of after-tax incomes.
平均主义：税收系统应该使得税后的收入达到一个更加相同的分配。
Egalitarianism:平均主义
Why not send them to the kindergarten for pre - school and after school care?
为什么不把孩子送到幼儿园。让他们关心上学前和放学后的孩子呢?。
care:关心
Results After rehabilitation care, the health behaviors were greatly improved (P < 0.01), and self- management abilities were raised (P < 0.01).
结果关心后患者的健康行为明显改善（P<0.01），自我管理能力提高（P<0.01）。
care:关心
Directions: After face care every morning and evening, get some with finger pulp, lightly spread around eye - contour skin until absorbed.
使用方法：每天早晚肌肤面部护理后使用，用手指腹取适量轻轻涂于眼周肌肤直至充分吸收。
finger:手指
In-centre treatment is followed by 12 months of statutory after -care supervision.
吸毒犯获释后，尚须接受法定的善后监管12个月。
statutory:法定的
After taking care of everyone else, they are always putting themselves last on the list, and often have very little left to give.
把其他人都关心好了，女性却把自己放在了最后，能留给自己的也常常少之又少。
care:关心
In addition, Invest Hong Kong seeks to strengthen its after- care service with a view to retaining and expanding investments already made.
该署又致力加强后续服务，务求令已经在香港开展业务的公司继续在本港投资，并添加投资额。
addition:添加
The charity also operates a low-income housing unit in central San Francisco, where it offers subsidized rent and programs that include after - school care for children.
这个慈善机构机构在旧金山市中心运营一个低收入住房项目，提供租金补贴以及儿童放学后看护等。
charity:慈善机构
ConclusionA MTCA method provides a new way to study the time characteristic of the influence of acupuncture on the central nervous system and to investigate the after - effect of acupuncture.
结论MTCA方法对于研究针刺对中枢神经系统影响的时间特性，探索针刺后效应提供了新的手段。
acupuncture:针刺
Objective: To observe the Integrated Treatment of colon cancer after long-term effect.
目的：观察中西医结合治疗术后冒号癌的远期疗效。
colon:冒号
Shares of Apple ended the trading day up 0.6%, but guidance for the coming quarter hit the stock in after - hours trading, pushing the stock down about 4. 5%.
当日苹果股价上扬0.6%，不过数小时贸易之后，对该公司下一个季度的财务评级使得其股价下跌了4.5个百分点。
trading:贸易
Why is polygamy condemned in the Book of Mormon, but condoned in portions of the D & C (condemned in others) and still believed to be necessary in church doctrine for exaltation in the after - life?
为什么重婚在《摩门经》里面被谴责，却在《教义与圣约》里面部分章节被赦免呢（在其他的章节被谴责），并且在教会的教义仍然被相信是死后高升的必要条件呢？
others:其他的
Why is polygamy condemned in the Book of Mormon, but condoned in portions of the D & C( condemned in others) and still believed to be necessary in church doctrine for exaltation in the after - life?
为什么重婚在《摩门经》里面被谴责，却在《教义与圣约》里面部分章节被赦免呢（其他的章节被谴责）并且在教会的教义仍然被相信是死后高升的必要条件呢？
others:其他的
NEWBORN boy was airlifted by helicopter to Paisley after life - threatening complications set in following his birth at a rural hospital.
一个新生婴儿被直升飞机空运到佩斯利，因为他在乡村医院诞生，但并发症威胁他的小生命。
birth:诞生
Furthermore, the expensive ornaments buried with the Egyptians helped them reach the afterlife, where they continued their current job without any hardships.
此处，那些埃及人的昂贵殉葬品，事实确凿是为了他们到达来世后，在那里也可以毫不艰辛地继续在今生的职业。
hardships:艰辛
Or you can store your shellac in an aftermarket can such as this one (available from lab supply catalogs), which incorporates a screw top lid with a built in brush.
或你能在一零配件市场中储存你的虫漆能如此的如这一，用一合并一螺丝钉顶端盖子在刷子中建造。
one:一
Put those off until the afternoon or end of your day, and do them all at once in batches.
把这些事务都放到下午或者结尾工作的时候一次性批量处理。
end:结尾
Normally I do not finish working until afternoon tea, but yesterday I was all done and dusted after lunch.
通常我要到喝下午茶以后才干完工作，可昨天我午餐后就干完了。
lunch:午餐
Barbies, coloring books, after-school sports were other children's worlds, not ours.
芭比娃娃娃娃、彩色图画书、课后体育运动，这些都属于其他孩子，和我们根本无缘。
Barbies:芭比娃娃
Again, it would not be a waste to have any extra leftover left because you can use it for other purposes such as a deodorant, aftershave or for treating canker sores.
另外，如果你剩下的了一些明矾也不要浪费，他们还有其他的用处，比如做除臭剂，刮脸水，或者用来治疗口腔溃疡（真的管用？
leftover:剩下的
To make your own bay rum aftershave, you can soak two to four cups of bay leaves in enough rum to cover them.
配制你自己的月桂香味须后水，就用足够的朗姆酒浸泡二至四杯子的月桂叶子。
cups:杯子
At times, that stomach of civilization digested badly, the cess -pool flowed back into the throat of the city, and Paris got an after- taste of her own filth.
这文明的肠胃有时消化不良，污秽倒流到城市的喉头，巴黎就充满了它的污泥的回味。
filth:污秽
As the most popular basketballer in China, Yao deserves people ’s aftertaste and summary for what he did accomplish.
作为中国最受欢迎的篮球运动员，姚明的诸多成就的确值得我们每一个人回味与概括。
summary:概括
Second and significantly, not an afterthought, it's the peak of creation!
第二个重要的，不是事后才想起的，它是创建的高峰！
creation:创建
However, the fact that offline access is an afterthought and not an intrinsic component of Google’s solution tells you where offline and local syncing rank on the company ’s priority list.
然而，事实上，离线访问只是其事后的想法，并非谷歌解决方案方案的原生部件，离线和本地同步在该公司的优先级列表中的位置高低一目了然。
solution:解决方案
“I ate lunch with me and my friends. Afterwards we made the walk in the park (*´v`),” she wrote.
“我同朋友吃完午饭，然后我们在公园里走”，她在微博上这样写道。
walk:走
Thomas Jefferson once said that if he had had more time he could have written shorter letters, "writes Clinton, whose afterword helps make the trade paperback even longer, 969 pages.
托马斯·杰斐逊曾经说过，如果时间充足的话，他的信会写得更短些。” 但是《我的生活》的普及式平装版却因为后记而更长了，有969页数。
pages:页数
Agape as political love means that unconditional, egalitarian love for one's neighbour can serve as the foundation for a new order.
神对世人的爱作为政治之爱时意味着对于邻里的无条件的，平等的爱可以作为一新秩序的基础。
one:一
On its side with its mouth slightly agape, the slender, badly - damage body lies half- buried in snow close to Irkutsk, Russia.
在俄罗斯人拍摄的视频中，我们看到外星人残骸微张着嘴巴，身材苗条的，“尸体”已经遭到严重损坏，掩埋在雪地里。
slender:苗条的
My mouth stood agape as I realized the beauty of this wisdom.
听得目瞪口呆的我意识到的是这一智慧中的美丽。
beauty:美丽
Bamboo ’s the most common material, but they are also be made of various types of wood, as well as plastic, porcelain, animal bone, ivory, metal, coral, agate, and jade.
竹子是最常见的材料，但它们也可以用各种各样的木材，以及塑料，瓷，动物的骨头，象牙，金属，珊瑚，玛瑙，玉器等做成。
porcelain:瓷
Piaget applied the technique of making thin timepieces into new designs; he was the first watchmaker to use precious stones like coral, pearl and agate in watch - making.
皮亚杰把制作薄型表的技术运用到新产品中；他还是首先将珊瑚石、珍珠、玛瑙等珍宝用于钟表制作的人。
making:制作
But most of the victims in Mexico, the center of the outbreak where 48 people with swine flu have died, have been adults aged 20 to 49 with no known complicating factors.
但是在有48人因猪流感而死亡的暴发地——墨西哥，大部分的受害者，都是20到49岁的成年人，他们的死亡原因并没有什么复杂的因素。
outbreak:暴发
The researchers say this age group may be especially sensitive to disorders because of the great pressures of entering adulthood.
研究者成，该年龄群体对错乱特别敏感，因为他们承受这进入成年期的压力。
adulthood:成年期
A new survey compiled for the University of Kent and the charity Age Concern showed ageism was rife in Britain where people, on average, see youth as ending at 49 and old age beginning at 65.
一份为肯特大学和“老年问题”慈善机构机构进行的调查显示英国普遍存在对老年人的歧视。在英国人们普遍认为到49岁就不再年轻了，而65岁是步入老年的标志。
charity:慈善机构
Its effect is more radical than the agenda of any union.
其作用要比任何的联盟议程都更具根本性。
union:联盟
This tracking can help answer the age- old question: Who's using this service?
这个追踪功能可以帮助回答一个很古老的问题：谁在使用此服务？
tracking:追踪
Many of the late videos are heavy on self- aggrandizement; others, on self-pity.
后期许多音乐录影带都着重于自我强化，剩下的那些都顾影自怜。
aggrandizement:强化
In developing countries, nuclear technology has often been viewed as a passport to the first world and to the bureaucratic self aggrandizement of the nuclear establishment.
在发展中国家，核技术常常被视为通向发达国家以及核机构的官僚自己吹捧的一个通行证。
self:自己
Make broad consumer of home can the consumer with world developed country together, synchronism consumes the product of the most high grade aggrandizement wood floor on the world.
使国内的广大消费者能够与世界发达国家的消费者一起，同步性消费世界上最优质的强化木地板产品。
synchronism:同步性
The price of beaverboard of upriver resource high density of aggrandizement floor is steep add, go up record of big creation history.
强化地板的上游资源高密度纤维板价格陡增，涨幅之大创建历史纪录。
creation:创建
"And then there's the problem of mold," which also can aggravate sinus problems and allergies, Schwartz added.
“再就是霉菌的问题，霉菌也可以使窦疾病和过敏症加重，”施瓦茨又说道。
sinus:窦
However, while this and other types of hormones initiate a stronger sex drive, there has been no concrete evidence that sexual activity and masturbation aggravate acne in anyway.
尽管这种激素和其他种类的激素混合会引发更强烈的性欲，但并没有实际的证据证明它们会加剧痤疮。
aggravate:加剧
Each of these layers has performance information, but none have the information in aggregate.
这些图层都有性能信息，但没有一个图层聚合了所有信息。
layers:图层
While an individual site may not divulge too much personal information, the aggregate of all this information may reveal more about them than people realize.
一个个人网站可能不会泄露太多的个人信息，但是当这些信息总计的在一起，可能泄露的信息已经超出人们的认识。
aggregate:总计的
Take, for example, the case of rutting stags or fighting chimps and you get the generally aggressive idea.
例子，以发情的雄鹿或好战的黑猩猩为例，你就会得到通常所说的好斗概念。
example:例子
Our arms must be mighty, ready for instant action, so that no potential aggressor may be tempted to risk his own destruction.
我们的军队必须强大，并且随时准备着，这样就没有潜在的侵略者敢于冒着破坏自身的发起进攻。
destruction:破坏
Volley of Shadow Swords: Launches swords at one target not the main aggro. Deals 1250 shadow damage to that target.
暗影箭连射：向一个目标推出出很多的暗影箭，非主要攻击者。对那个目标造成1250点暗影伤害。
Launches:推出
Read on to see what could be causing rapid aging in your life.
读下去吧，看看在你一生中什么原因能导致你加速老化。
aging:老化
In mouse studies, people just count the number of dead animals without asking which deaths might be unrelated to aging, he said.
他表示：在鼠类研究中，人们仅仅清点已死动物的数目，而不会去分析哪些死亡人数与衰老无关。
deaths:死亡人数
While this loss of stature is attributed partially to shrinking bones and the other physiological effects of aging, some researchers say this is no coincidence at all.
虽然身高减少的部分原因是老化所产生的骨骼收缩以及其他生理现象，但一些研究人员说这绝非巧合。
aging:老化
In fact, this problem of energy loss is found in most chronic disease and aging -- from diabetes to heart disease to dementia.
事实上，活力流失的问题存在于大多数慢性病和衰老中，从糖尿病、心脏病到痴呆症都有。
energy:活力
Alternate nostril breathing calms an agitated mind, oxygenates your body, balances both hemispheres of the brain and balances your nervous systems.
鼻孔交替呼吸可以安抚你焦虑不安的心情，使身体充分供氧，余额左半脑和右半脑，均衡你的神经系统。
balances:余额
In theory, the resulting agitation would ease identification of the precious isotope and aid its extraction.
从理论上讲，由此产生的搅动可以缓解识别这种宝贵同位素的负担并且有助于萃取这种同位素。
extraction:萃取
He remains, as he has long been, an agnostic, having noticed that believers and non -believers alike showed the same fear of the unknown that awaited them.
信教和非信教的人非可避免的都会对未知产生同样的恐惧，他却一如既往地拥护非可知论。
non:非
Stuttering has caused millions of people to agonize over this speech disorder.
演讲过程中结巴使很多人对演讲紊乱而感到极度痛苦。
disorder:紊乱
I can still feel the agony of not being invited to a party that almost everyone else was going to.
我仍然清楚地记得我未被邀请参加一个派对的痛苦——几乎所有人其它人都被邀请了。
party:派对
As stated above, those who experience Panic Attacks have a greater likelihood of developing agoraphobia for fear of having a panic attack while some place away from home.
正如以上所陈述的，经历过恐慌袭击的人们有很大的可能性会形成外在的恐慌，是因为在离家远的地方遭受过恐慌袭击。
likelihood:可能性
If you have agoraphobia, exposure to the situations you fear and avoid is also included in treatment.
如果你有广场恐惧症，那么接触在你恐惧的场景下然后回避也属于治疗之内。
exposure:接触
In addition, the International Finance Corporation – the World Bank Group’s arm for private sector development – will boost its agribusiness investments.
另外，国际金融公司（世界银行旨在促进私营部门发展的机构）也将添加其在农业综合企业中的投资。
addition:添加
The key to tackling these problems lies in better integration of health and agricultural interventions and policy.
解决这些问题的关键在于把卫生和农业干预手段和政策更好地一体化起来。
integration:一体化
“Russia should deal with our own problem – lack of infrastructure, development in Siberia and the Far East, more emphasis on agriculture and development of agricultural food processing ,” he said.
“俄罗斯应该处理好我们自己的问题-缺少基础设施，开发西伯利亚和远东地区，更要加强农业和发展农副产品的加工业，”他说。
lack:缺少
Manny got ahold of one Rodrick's heavy metal magazines, and one of the pages had a picture of a woman in a bikini lying across the hood of a car.
曼尼搞到了一期罗德里克的《重金属》杂志，里面有一页数比基尼女郎横躺在车盖上的照片。
pages:页数
An actual visit from a Faraway Friend is a cause for celebration and binges of all kinds. Cigarettes, Chips Ahoy, bottles of tequila.
远方的朋友真的来看你时，那就要庆典一下，自然要狂欢作乐一番，少不了香烟、土豆片、欢呼声和一瓶瓶的龙舌兰酒。
celebration:庆典
The results show: low oxygen content and enough large overheating level can improve the glass formation ability of the present ahoy.
研究表明：低的氧含量水平和高的过热度有利于提高该合金的玻璃编队能力，编队完全非晶的合金；
formation:编队
Chips Ahoy failed to greatly increase its sales since entry to Chinese market in 1998. In consumers' eyes, Chips Ahoy was only another brand of cookies.
趣多多自1998年入口中国市场，销量没有明显的提升，消费者认为趣多多仅仅是另外一个品牌的曲奇饼干。
entry:入口
In addition, he said, "30" biscuit "recipe," but I made the size of "the" chip cookies Ahoy.
此外，30饼干食谱说，但我国产芯片阿霍伊尺寸饼干。
size:尺寸
An actual visit from a Faraway Friend is a cause for celebration and binges of all kinds. Cigarettes, Chips Ahoy, bottles of tequila. the Former Friend.
远方的朋友真的来看你时，那就要庆典一下，自然要狂欢作乐一番，少不了香烟、土豆片、欢呼声和一瓶瓶的龙舌兰酒。
celebration:庆典
Every game consists of a sequence of getting user input, updating the game state, handling AI, playing music and sound effects, and displaying the game.
每一个游戏都由这样的顺序组成：获取用户输入，更新游戏状态，处理AI，播放音乐音效，还有显示游戏。
sequence:顺序
Former aide to presidential candidate John Edwards is held in contempt of court for not turning over a personal videotape.
前任总统候选人约翰·爱德华兹前助理鄙视法庭，因为他没有递交一盒私人录影带。
contempt:鄙视
In biomedicine, for example, it is by far the largest supporter of international efforts, such as the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
例子在生物医学领域，它是迄今为止这类国际努力——例子全球抗击艾滋病、结核病和疟疾基金——的最大支持者。
example:例子
The learning strategic of system, the general structure of system, the inductive learning algorithm AIL and the applications of system are introduced in this paper.
文中介绍了系统的学习策略，系统的总体结构和归纳学习算法AIL以及应用程序情况。
applications:应用程序
Unlike Pong, the flight simulator entails long delays in feedback from lever to effect, from the moment you tap the aileron to the moment it banks.
航班模拟器不像“乒乓”游戏，它从启动到产生结果，从轻拍副翼到倾斜航班，需要拖延一段时间才能得到反馈。
flight:航班
After suffering a crippling leg injury, she was dumped at a dog -and- cat shelter, which was ill- equipped to care for an elephant, let alone an ailing one.
在经受可以致残的腿伤后，她被丢弃在猫狗收容所，这里条件极差根本无法照顾大象，更不用说一头生病的大象了。
elephant:大象
With Peter Crouch on as a late substitute, England resorted to the bad old habit of hitting aimless long balls in his general direction.
当彼德·克劳奇后来代替上场，英格兰队在恢复旧习，大角度毫无无目的地踢长球。
substitute:代替
Just running or drooning around day after day filled with anxiety, stress and a low sense of self expressed in all kinds of direct or indirect ways ain't no fun.
整天漫无目的地跑来跑去，承受着来自各个方面的焦虑、压力和薄弱的自己表达感，可不是什么好玩的。
self:自己
A walk in the morning fresh air will pep you up.
在早晨空气新鲜的地方走你会感到精神饱满。
walk:走
Honda has added an additional 437, 700 cars, mainly in North America, to its existing global safety recall over airbag inflation problems.
由于气囊膨胀问题，本田已经另外记起43.77万辆汽车，主要集中在北美。
recall:记起
And the right of automobile airbag maintenance and matters needing attention by example.
并对汽车安全气囊的正确检修都注意力事项逐一举例。
attention:注意力
Since then, the city has sold large plots of the former air base to other developers, while earmarking yet other parcels for future sale to help pay for the new business district.
从那个时候起，武汉已经向其它开发商销售了这座前空军基地的大片土地，同时又在其它地块上打上标记，以便将来销售支付新商业区开发费用。
sale:销售
The utility model is soft, comfortable and convenient for nursing. Even lying for long time on the airbed, patient will not be brought any harm to blood circulation.
本公用事业新型即柔软舒适又方便护理，病人躺在上面即使时间较长也不会严重影响身体的血液循环；
utility:公用事业
Carry on air brake, cushion type and other particular design, manufacturing.
承接气闸式、缓冲式的特殊设计、制造业。
manufacturing:制造业
Before applying the airbrush makeup it is necessary to have a freshly clean complexion.
在喷枪化妆品之前首先需要进行洁面。
makeup:化妆品
This technique helps ensure a flawless makeup application so more and more people are turning towards airbrush makeup.
这项技术保证了完美无暇的妆容，所以越来越多的人转向了喷枪化妆品。
makeup:化妆品
The hotel has 108 sets of standard rooms and deluxe suites equipped with minibar, refrigerator, satellite channels, central air-con, security system and IDD / DDD.
浙江金都宾馆拥有豪华的套房、标准房，小酒吧、冰箱、卫星电视、中央空调、安全系统、国际国内直拨电话一应俱全。
deluxe:豪华的
Regular check and clean the air-con system and water tank, and renew the antifreeze fluid when necessary.
定期查看并清洁空调系统和水箱，必要时更换防冻液。
check:查看
Trees and other plants help keep the planet cool, but rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are turning down this global air conditioner.
林木和其他类植物可以维持星球适宜温度，但是大气中二氧化硫浓度的增加会减低这种调节作用。
dioxide:二氧化硫
I kept the price down by ordering it without air conditioning despite the 110 - degree days there.
虽然那个地方气温高达华氏110程度，但为了省钱，我没有给车配空调。
degree:程度
There is no pool but the mill does have air conditioning.
没有泳池，但是磨旅馆里是有空调的。
mill:磨
It is of great importance to investigate the performance of air- cooled steam condensers at various operating conditions for the running improvement of the direct air- cooled units in China.
掌握火电站空冷凝汽器在各种工况下的运行特性，对于提高我国直接空冷机组的运行水平具有重要性意义。
importance:重要性
Methods To report the summary of the clinical materials concerning 26 air crew.
方法概括飞行人员咽鼓管机能障碍和内耳功能异常的临床资料2 6份。
summary:概括
In 1955, for example, Downey and Fecteau were placed together in a large cell housing the Air Force officers and crew of the downed B29.
例子1955年，唐尼和费克图被安置进一个大的牢房里，与被击落的B29飞机上的空军军官和机组人员关押在一起。
example:例子
The RIGS system makes use of Saab's digital video display technology to project the picture into the aircrew's field of view.
RIGS系统采用了萨博公司的数字视频展示技术，将图片投射到飞行员的视场内。
display:展示
The lighting equipments for ran way in airdrome are important for flight security in night and complicate weather conditions.
机场助航灯光设备是保障夜间和复杂气象条件下航班的重要设备。
flight:航班
Bookmark travel sites for finding inexpensive airfare, hotel etc., and book at least two weeks in advance.
找到便宜的机票和旅店等时要及时做好记号，然后至少进步两周去预定。
advance:进步
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a lung ailment that is characterized by a persistent blockage of airflow from the lungs.
慢性堵塞性肺病是一种以持续堵塞来自肺部的气流为特征的肺部疾病。
blockage:堵塞
The tags can be deactivated if necessary, although Air Force evaluations determined that they were safe aboard aircraft even when activated continuously.
如果有必要该标签可以停用，但空军评价认定，即使被不断激活，它们在飞机上也是安全的，。
evaluations:评价
I am really fed up with Larry! He's the biggest airhead I've ever met. He always makes careless mistakes, and he's a pain to work with.
我真是受够了拉里。他是我见过的最蠢的傻瓜。老是犯一些粗心的错误，跟他一起工作实在太疼痛了。
pain:疼痛
Larry! He's the biggest airhead I've ever met. He always makes careless mistakes, and he's a pain to work with.
我真受够了拉里。他是我所见过的最大的傻瓜。他总犯粗心的错误，跟他一起工作真是疼痛。
pain:疼痛
Modern astronomers know different. The moon is airless, waterless, weatherless and lifeless.
然而，现代天文学家了解的确是另一面：月亮上没有空气，没有水，没有气候，也没有生命，至少看起来如此。
moon:月亮
Although the long-term effects of this interaction on the moon are unknown, “this same process should be occurring on airless, silicate -rich bodies throughout the inner solar system ,” she says.
虽然月亮上这种相互作用过程的长期效应并不显见，但是“相似的过程将在整个太阳系内部无空气、富含硅酸盐的天体上发生。”她这样说道。
moon:月亮
My pistachio green, airless compartment had three bunk beds and, apart from the light, none of the switches - heater, fan nor loudspeaker - did anything other than move.
黄绿色的车厢里有三层的卧铺，空气不太流通。除了灯光开关，暖气、电扇、喇叭开关仅仅可以拨动，除此之外没有任何任何作用。
none:没有任何
The Foreign Office is advising passengers to remain in regular contact with their travel agent or airline for the latest news on the status of flights and bookings.
外交部还建议乘客呆在家里，定期与航空代理或航空公司接触，以得到关于飞行状态和预售票情部的最新动态。
contact:接触
Postflight found nose gear mirror too low, check found due charging valve csn't lock, leak air.
航后发现前起落架镜面太低，结果发现是充气活门锁不是死漏气所致。
csn't:不是
"It's a staging area for entry into Apache ," James explained," like an airlock where projects can join, migrate to the Apache infrastructure, and learn how to become part of Apache, and so on."
“这是入口Apache 的过渡阶段，”James解释道，“就像是气密舱，项目可以入口其中，迁移到Apache基础设施，并学习如何成为Apache的一部分。”
entry:入口
"It's a pain -staking process to get that perfect shot, but now I know why the movies turn out to be so good ," Airman Dunk said.
“能够拍摄到完美的场面是一个忍受疼痛的过程，不过现在我知道为什么电影做出来这么好看了，”敦克下士如是说。
pain:疼痛
The weapon was a Walther air pistol which Bond actor Sean Connery held in a photo- shoot used for the main image in the poster and advertising campaign for the 1963 movie.
纽带的扮演者肖恩・康纳利(SeanConnery)曾手持这支沃尔特气手枪为这部1963年出品电影拍摄海报和广告宣传。
Bond:纽带
Her arm is still and her grip on the air pistol is steady.
她的胳臂纹丝不动，手稳稳地紧握手枪。
grip:紧握
I think there is nothing more fun in an airplane ride than to notice the tiny buildings and trees from up above.
在我看来，再没什么比乘坐飞机，从上空俯瞰那些微小的建筑和树木更乐趣的了。
fun:乐趣
If you do decide to nab one now though, you ’ll be able to use the new AirPlay tech to stream clips direct from your iTunes folders, or from your iPod touch, iPhone or iPad, straight to your TV.
然而如果你真的决定现在就购买一，你还是能够使用最新的AirPlay技术直接在你的电视上播放来自你iTunes目录下的节目，或者是储存在iPodtouch、iPhone又或者是iPad里的节目。
one:一
You feel it in your throat as you hail a taxi upon arriving at the airport; you smell it on your clothes at the end of a long day in Beijing.
在你抵达机场召唤计程车的时候，你就可以感觉到它就在你的喉咙；结尾北京漫长的一天，你可以在衣服上嗅到它的味道。
end:结尾
When he awoke, King was so anxious to capture the story of his dream that he sat at the airport and frantically wrote the first 40 - 50 pages of the novel.
当金醒来，他生怕梦境中的故事被遗忘，于是坐在机场里写下了这部小说的前四、五十页数内容。
pages:页数
Given the North ’s lack of air power, fuel shortages, and logistical vulnerability, it appears unlikely DPRK forces could advance more than 150 km south before grinding to a halt.
由于北朝鲜缺少空中力量，燃料短缺，以及后勤补给的软肋，北朝鲜人似乎不太可能在惨败前，攻进南方腹地150公里远。
lack:缺少
The hall, which could seat 1, 000 people on wooden benches, was damaged in a Kuomintang air raid and has since been rebuilt.
这座曾经有一千人坐着木长凳开会的礼堂在国民党空袭中遭到破坏，后来又得到重建。
benches:长凳
Of the throttle cutting "tools", air rifle, paint, and we offer the best quality tools and Accessories.
从风门切割工具，空气枪画，我们提供最好的质量工具和配件。
paint:画
The air defence systems on display at Airshow China in November showed a strong emphasis on deployable, multi-functional weapons with the export market firmly in mind.
11月中国航展上展示的防空系统强调了易部署性和多功能，展示了对出口市场的考虑。
display:展示
For example, persuading countries to open air space to allow more direct routes has saved $16 billion on fuel.
例子，说服国家让航空领域开通更直接的航线已经节省了160亿美元的燃料费。
example:例子
Iran’s armed forces will forcefully respond to any attempts to violate the Islamic Republic of Iran’s airspace.
伊朗武装部队将被迫对任何尝试侵犯伊朗伊斯兰共和国领空的行为做出回应。
attempts:尝试
As the aircraft accelerates, the airspeed of a blade (and thus the amount of lift it provides) increases when that blade is moving forwards and decreases when it is moving backwards.
在直升机在加速飞行时，直升机单个旋翼的空速也随之增加（旋翼提供的升力也随之增加），此时直升机的旋翼飞到直升机前方时，如果直升机的叶片飞到直升机的后方，直升机的速度减少。
decreases:减少
I'm doing some serious throttle modulating here, because I need enough space and airspeed to light the afterburners before I go into the vertical.
在这个时候我会做一些重要的油门调整，因为我需要足够的空间和空速在进入垂直的机动前点燃加力。
vertical:垂直的
Some supported a raid some an airstrike and others wanted to hold off until the intelligence improved.
一些人支持这个突袭，一些人支持空袭，其他的的则建议推迟到情报更完善之后。
others:其他的
The rocky relationship was recently highlighted with the accidental deaths of 11 Pakistani paramilitary soldiers in a U .S. airstrike along the porous border with Afghanistan.
最近，有11名巴基斯坦准军事部队的军人在美军空袭巴基斯坦与阿富汗之间防务松懈的边界地区时意外死亡人数，更是给两国间麻烦的关系雪上加霜。
deaths:死亡人数
The game involves setting flight paths to safely direct jumbo jets to the large runway, smaller prop planes to the airstrip, and helicopters to the helipad.
游戏需要设定安全引导特大喷气客机到大型跑道、小型停机坪飞机至临时跑道以及直升机到直升机场的飞行线路。
helipad:停机坪
An area the size of the Hornet's flight deck was marked off on an airstrip and they practiced taking off time after time from this restricted space.
在机场上标出了大黄蜂号甲板一样尺寸的一块地方，他们（机组人员）一次又一次地练习从这样一块有限的面积上起飞。
size:尺寸
Strong, weak terminal to separate layout time when there are difficulties, there should be clearly marked and set up air terminal off Insulation Boardor the strengthening of the partition wall.
当有困难时，应有明显标志并设空端子隔开或设强化绝缘的隔板。
strengthening:强化
The Air France terminal, Gate 4, he said, and asked them to rush to get itto JFK before takeoff.
他告诉员工把手机送到法国航空最里边的4号登机口，还催他们要快一些，赶在飞机脱掉前把手机交到JFK机场员工的手上。
takeoff:脱掉
If you choose to prepare your own containers of water, you should buy air- tight, food -grade water storage containers from surplus or camping supply stores.
如果你准备用自己的容器装水，你应该从军用品或者野营用品专门店购买那种不漏气的、专门贮存食品的盛水容器。
storage:贮存
The distillate needs to be kept in an air- tight container.
蒸馏液后的精华需要保存在密封的容器内。
distillate:蒸馏液
Even when the media do provide campaign coverage, the candidates may not get much direct airtime.
即便媒体真正报道活动时，候选人得到直接亮相的时间可能也不多。
campaign:活动
No one would recommend that China purchase airtime in foreign countries and then run an advertisement about how dangerous Chinese coal mines are, for example.
举例来说，没人会建议中国购买外国电视的广告时间，然后做一关于中国煤矿如何危险的广告。
one:一
Those who build software for air traffic control systems, for example, need certain work products to ensure multiple reliability checks, regulatory compliance, and so forth.
例子，构建空中交通管制系统的软件需要某些工作产品以确保多重可靠性检查，满足可调整性等等。
example:例子
And while it will mark the end of production, the show itself has awhile to play out given that the end of season three doesn’t hit the air waves until March 2010.
尽管这一季将标志着该剧制作的终结，但这部剧本身也将同时结尾，因为第三季直到2010年三月才开播。
end:结尾
In other words, he would have to substitute electrical waves for the air waves on which our voices are carried in face to face conversation.
换句话说，他必须用电波来代替传送我们当面对话的无线电波。
conversation:对话
Aquarius - the symbols of water and the air waves, as it is a abstract, from the myth of Aquarius, we can see that the freedom - loving Aquarius and individualism.
水瓶座的符号象徵水和空气的波，是具象但又抽象的的；由水瓶座的神话中，可以看出水瓶座的爱好自由和个人主义。
abstract:抽象的
Some clinicians may believe that depression and anxiety are simply part of the symptom profile of patients with airway obstructions.
一些临床医师可能相信抑郁和焦虑只是气道障碍物患者的症状表现的一部分。
obstructions:障碍物
Most often, patients get a continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) device, which blows air into the nose to prevent the throat tissues from sagging shut.
一般来说，患者会拿到一个稳定气道正压装备（呼吸机），这个装备用于向鼻孔输入空气以避免喉咙组织下垂。
CPAP:呼吸机
Crystal's team devised a study in which 121 volunteers — some of whom smoked and some of whom had never smoked — agreed to have samples of their airway cells studied for genetic activity.
克里斯多的学习小组进行了一项有121个志愿者（其中有些人吸烟，有些人从未吸烟）参与的学习。他们同意学习人员采集他们的气道细胞作为样本去学习基因活动。
study:学习
“These changes in gene expression are likely the earliest biologic abnormalities in the small airway epithelium that lead to clinically detectable lung disease ,” they wrote.
他们写到，“这些基因表现度的变化貌似是诊断肺部疾病的呼吸道上皮细胞最早期生理异常变化”。
changes:变化
For example, one word-processing program suggests airy as a synonym for fresh, but airy wouldn’t make sense as the bold heading of this bullet item.
例子，airy 和fresh是一对近义词，但我们却不能使用粗体的airy作为此项目列的标题。
example:例子
So when she ’s walking down the aisle and everyone turns around to her, it ’s genuine curiosity because there was so much secrecy about it.
他在参加今日节目的时候说到：“所以当她从过道上走下来的时候，每个人都将目光转向她，大家真的很好奇心，因为保密工作做的太好了。”
curiosity:好奇心
Across the aisle from her, others snip loose threads off disposable cushions for operating tables.
从她的走道望去，其他人把操作台上一次性靠垫的线头剪掉。
cushions:靠垫
They wanted to build plants that would clean local wastewater — aka sewage water — and after that cleaning, make it available as drinking water.
他们希望建设一些打扫当地污水的水厂，称为污水处理厂，并且在处理后使这些水成为饮用水。
cleaning:打扫
Therefore, when those reserve molars, aka "wisdom teeth," came in they were welcomed.
因此，那些预订的臼齿，也称作“智齿”是应该有的。
reserve:预订
But alas when the alarm rings, you feel as if you had no sleep at all!
但当闹钟响起的时候，你觉得你像完全没睡觉过一样！
sleep:睡觉
Warning and alarm threshold values set boundaries on the resultants of these formulas.
提醒和报警临界点对这些公式的结果设置了边界值。
threshold:临界点
Besides the low nutrition value and lack of fibres from green vegetables, vast amounts of fat, particularly trans fat, starts alarming the public.
除了低营养价值和缺少纤维从绿色蔬菜,大量的脂肪,尤其是反式脂肪,开始令人担忧的公众。
lack:缺少
Alas, Grandpa had only one solution for his problem, and it was to cut the string.
唉，爷爷只有一个方法来解决方案这个问题，那就是把风筝的线剪断。
solution:解决方案
Nearly three feet (one meter) tall, a Tristan albatross chick can weigh up to 22 pounds (10 kilograms), or about as much as a turkey.
特里斯坦信天翁幼雏将近3脚（约一公尺）高，重22磅（10公斤），大约与一只火鸡一样重。
feet:脚
For example, metadata about a recorded song might include information about its artist, album, composer, length, or quality, whereas the data is the audio recording itself.
例子，关于所录制的歌曲的元数据可能包括关于演唱者、专辑、作曲、长度或质量的信息，而数据则是音频记录本身。
example:例子
Its minimal display shows just the album cover with play / pause, love / hate and so on but also uses your played songs to offer suggestions for new stuff!
它的最小化展示模式仅展示出带“播放/暂停”与“喜欢/讨厌”的专辑封面，诸如此类还可以用你播放过的歌曲为新手提供建议！
display:展示
This, for instance, is why egg white changes colour and texture when cooked: bonds in the albumen in the white break and reform, changing its physical properties.
举例来说，这就是蛋白在加热的时候转变颜色与质感的原因：蛋白中的化学键断开又重新形成，变化了它的物理特性。
changes:变化
And basic material is divided except epispastic water outside, still can make organize albumen denaturation and destroy cellular film, damage more more serious than acidity material.
而碱性物质除吸出水分外，还能使组织蛋白变性并破坏细胞膜，损害比酸度物质更加严重。
acidity:酸度
Whether using standard technology, alchemical formulae, or a combination of both, these Mods can cause effects within any of the damage types.
不管是否使用标准的技术或者魔法，或者二者组合，这些插件可以获得任何伤害类型的效果。
combination:组合
For centuries, scientists have tried to turn base metals into precious ones, most commonly lead into gold -- even Isaac Newton, the father of modern science, was an alchemist.
几个世纪以来，科学家都在尝试将基本金属变为贵金属，最常见的是铅变成黄金——甚至现代科学之父艾萨克·牛顿也是那些炼金术士。
ones:那些
But anyway, don’t worry if you are a person like me, because I have found a way around this problem: The solution is alcohol!
但是不管怎样，如果你的情况和我类似，就别担心，因为我发现了一个解决方案这个问题的方法：答案就是酒精！
solution:解决方案
They wooed me back. They loved me back to fellowship with God, to finding Him as the answer to my pain rather than the alcohol.
他们恳请我回到教会，他们爱我，希望我能恢复与神的关系，向神寻找疼痛的解决办法而不是沉迷酒精。
pain:疼痛
In his church, an icon of the Virgin Mary sits in an alcove directly above and behind the altar.
在他的教堂里，坛上和坛后的凹室中都有圣母玛利亚的塑像。
altar:坛
More notably, the alcove within the wet lab dedicated to DNA preparation evolved into a completely enclosed room for PCR preparation, with separate air handling for ventilation, heating, and cooling.
更加显著地，湿实验室里用于脱氧核糖核酸准备的凹室被转变成了一间完全地封闭的用于PCR准备房间，单独的空调用于房间的通风、加热和降温。
DNA:脱氧核糖核酸
Lowering salt consumption, Dr. Alderman said, has consequences beyond blood pressure. It also, for example, increases insulin resistance, which can increase the risk of heart disease.
减少盐的摄入，埃德尔曼说，除了血压之外还会有其他的影响。例子，它会增加胰岛素抵抗，而胰岛素抵抗会增加心脏病的风险。
example:例子
Or when we were leaving the woods I could feel Alec right behind me, almost breathing over my shoulder, so I turned to ask him something and saw he was a good 30 feet behind me.
当我们要离开森林的时候，我感觉到亚历克就在我身后，就在我肩旁呼吸，我转过身想问他点事情，却看到他在离我足有30脚的地方。
feet:脚
Then they fall into disrepute when they fail to deliver on extravagant promises, until they eventually rise to a level of solid accomplishment and acceptance.
接着又因没能兑现过高的承诺而声名狼藉，最后再崛起，达到取得过硬成就并为大众验收的水平。
acceptance:验收
Whichever option you choose, there has to be a level of balance.
无论你选项哪一个，必须有某种程度的平衡。
option:选项
The department recently approved one of them -- alfalfa, and is nearing approval of another, sugar beets.
农业部最近赞同了转基因苜蓿，而且很快还会赞同转基因甜菜。
approval:赞同
It was quite a posh al fresco affair: the waiter was even wearing a shirt, unlike many of his compatriots.
这是个漂亮的户外餐馆，服务员甚至穿着一件衬衫，和他的同胞们不太一样。
waiter:服务员
Alfresco has long embedded jBPM in their product offering, and will continue to support it going forward.
长久以来，Alfresco一直将jBPM嵌入到其产品当中，今后也将继续对其奉献支持。
offering:奉献
At the moment, most document repositories such as Alfresco are implemented on top of non- XML RDBMSs rather than NXDs.
目前，Alfresco等大多数文档存储库都是在非XMLRDBMS之上实现的，而不是依赖于 NXDs。
NXDs:NXDs
The main way that carbon dioxide is absorbed by the ocean is through photosynthesis by planktonic algae.
大气中的二氧化硫被海洋吸收的主要方式就是浮游海藻的光合作用。
dioxide:二氧化硫
In New Zealand, an unidentified toxic algae was blamed this week for causing the deaths of two dogs on beaches in Auckland.
在新西兰，一种尚未鉴别的有毒海藻被认为是造成本周奥克兰沙滩上两只狗死亡人数的真凶。
deaths:死亡人数
Pouring iron into oceans may combat global warming by feeding carbon dioxide - gobbling algae, but those algal blooms could become fountains of neurotoxin.
把铁倒入海水中以培养专门吞噬二氧化硫的藻类或许可以对付全球变暖，但是这些藻类的大量繁殖也可能产出大量的神经毒素。
dioxide:二氧化硫
Such algal blooms are not only harmful to people and animals but can also trigger dead zones in the lake — areas in the water so devoid of oxygen that they cannot support aerobic life.
这种水藻大爆发不仅会对人畜造成危害还会在湖水中制造死亡区域——水中的一片区域会因为氧匮乏而完全不能供有氧生物生存。
oxygen:氧
For the artificial intelligence course, students may need some higher math, like linear algebra and probability theory, but there are no restrictions to online participation.
对于人工智能课程，学生可能需要很好的数学基础，比如说线性代数，可能性论。但是对于网上参与来说就没有这些限制。
probability:可能性
This theoretical model allows, for example, that relational algebra operations to be replaced by more efficient equivalent operations whereas not interfere with the result.
例子，这种理论模型允许用更有效的等价操作来代替关系代数操作同时不影响结果。
example:例子
Mathematical equations, from simple algebraic ones to the more challenging differential equations, have allowed us to summarize an enormous amount of physical phenomena into a simple format.
数学方程，从简单的代数式到富有挑战性的困难的微分方程，这些简洁的模式都允许我们把那些巨大的物理现象纳入其中。
ones:那些
As before, you can continue to add further options; for example, request all processes on either platform with the alias installed, as in the case of adding the - A option.
和前面一样，您可以继续添加更多选项；例子，在安装了该别名的任一个平台上请求所有进程，添加-A选项就是这样一种情况。
example:例子
The flat presentation organizes all the database objects by type, which enables you to sort objects by name, schema, connection alias, and so on.
平面表示按照类型组织所有数据库对象，允许按照名称、模式、联系别名等对对象进行排序。
connection:联系
Because the alias is an expansion and not a replacement, it enables you to continue adding options and arguments to an aliased command.
由于别名是一种展开形式而不是替代品，它使您可以继续向别名命令添加选项和参数。
replacement:替代品
This name is for client accounting purposes and is not the user value for the JDBC connection; that is, this is not an authentication data alias.
这个用户名用于客户机问责目的，而不是JDBC联系的用户值；即，它不是一个身份验证数据别名。
connection:联系
And once a database connection is established, the customized prompt also shows the alias of the connected database.
并且一旦建立了数据库联系，定制的提示符还会显示所联系数据库的别名。
connection:联系
Three push-ups: Another Internet catchphrase, this one derived from an unconvincing alibi used in the death of a high school student.
三个俯卧撑：网络流行语；语出某高中生死亡事件中的一没有说服力的不在场证明。
one:一
Also, Arkansas must still have seemed an alien place for her to settle, though she no longer felt it was the other side of the moon.
另外，阿肯色州在她看来肯定仍是一个非常陌生的地方来成家立命，尽管她已经不再觉得它远在月亮的另一面。
moon:月亮
When one knows thee, then alien there is none, then no door is shut.
人一认识了你，世上就没有任何陌生的人，也没有任何了紧闭的门户。
none:没有任何
Dodo says pranks can also potentially alienate or hurt someone's feelings if not carried out in good taste.
渡渡鸟称，如果恶作剧的方式不得当，还有可能疏远或伤害别人的感情。
Dodo:渡渡鸟
This will align each pair into a column, and you need to do the same for the audio settings.
这将把每对小部件都对齐到一柱子中，对音频设置也要做同样的事情。
column:柱子
To mark up the tables, you need to stereotype them, mark their foreign keys, and align their key gen tables to KEYGEN.
要标记这些桌子，您需要给它们原型，标记它们外来的密钥，并且使它们的keygen桌子调整到KEYGEN。
tables:桌子
Objective: In order to find out the therapeutic method though the studying therapeutic effect observation of alimentary canal diseases treated with endoscope microwave tissue solidity.
目的通过对内窥镜微波组织凝固治疗消化道疾病的疗效观察研究，寻求合适的治疗方案。
endoscope:内窥镜
We need to be focusing our efforts on improving treatment of gut mucosa [the mucous membrane lining the alimentary canal from mouth to anus] where massive destruction of immune cells is occurring.
他说："我们应当集中精力改善针对直觉黏膜组织[从口腔延伸到肛门的直觉壁上的黏膜]的治疗，那里有大量免疫细胞遭到破坏。"
gut:直觉
So you can sit and find a boyfriend later in life to take care of your kids and still collect that damn alimony.......
因此你往后的生活中依然可以找个男朋友关心你的孩子而你还可以收到赡养费。
care:关心
The whitey -gray of the alkali-patches, the brown of the dry earth, and the rusty green of the sagebrush filled the foreground, melting in the distance into a purple -gray.
灰白色的盐碱地、棕色的的泥土和锈迹斑斑的绿色灌木构成了前景色，背景则融化在一片灰紫色中。
brown:棕色的
Sufi holy men from India to Turkey sought to find Allah by gazing upon the beauty of beardless youths.
苏非派的圣人走遍印度和土耳其，在还未蓄须的美丽少年中间找寻真主阿拉。
beauty:美丽
It implements a wide range of optimizations to help provide excellent all-around performance and memory usage.
它进行了广泛的优化，有助于提供全面的优秀性能和内存用法。
usage:用法
Instead, I will begin a systematic search, accompanying myself meanwhile with a sort of general, all-around cursing out of various deserving individuals and things.
相反，我将对酒杯展开一次系统性搜索，与此同时我还要对一些可恨之人可恨之事展开一通普遍的、全面的咒骂。
search:搜索
For this reason, it can usually be safely turned off, which gives a nice all-around performance boost.
出于这个原因，通常可以安全地关掉它，这样可以带来一个很好的全面性能促进。
boost:促进
After being criticised for initially covering up the SARS outbreak in 2003, Beijing appears anxious to allay concerns both at home and abroad.
在被批评2003年SARS暴发期间最初隐瞒疫情之后，北京在减轻国内外的关注上表现得很焦虑。
outbreak:暴发
It's not at all clear, however, whether intervention by the government —ether nationally or locally — would be the best way to tackle the problem.
国家和地方政府均颁布了干涉离婚的法案，但事实并未证明这是解决问题的最佳途径。
intervention:干涉
What it means to publish an electronic text in view of the ease of duplication and dissemination and the informality typical of the process, is not at all clear.
意思是指出版电子本文考虑减轻副本和传播和不拘小节典型的过程，是不明确的。
informality:不拘小节
A veritable orgy of artistic fertility, the OPEN GOAT welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic, spontaneous, feverish and potentially life - altering collective improvisation.
这将是一场名副其实的艺术的盛宴，“开羊”热忱欢迎您参与此次完全民主而自发的即兴创作演出。它将是狂热的，亦兴许会改变你的一生。
improvisation:即兴创作
In 12 hours, the assembled rice, beans and nuts would be turned into gallons of porridge to be distributed for free to all - comers as part of the traditional Laba Festival celebrations.
个小时后，各种稻米，豆子，及坚果等原料将被组合来制作腊八粥，这些粥将作为腊八节庆祝的一分部，免费分发给所有的来访者。
beans:豆子
For example, in the United States, constitutional protections in libel cases are so strong that some trials never reach the point of adjudicating the underlying allegation ’s truth.
例子，在美国，诽谤案中宪法提供的保护如此强大，以致一些审判根本走不到判定指控事实真相的阶段。
example:例子
Some theories allege that Obama was born in Kenya, not Hawaii, or that his birth certificate is a forgery.
一些传言宣称奥巴马出生在肯尼亚，并非夏威夷，他的出生证明是伪造的的。
forgery:伪造的
The arrests are part of an investigation into an alleged attempt to overthrow the government.
这次逮捕行动是对所谓试图推翻政府的阴谋进行调查的一部分。
attempt:试图
Whether he took care of any of these alleged children, or whether they existed at all, was another question.
他是否关心这些声称中的孩子，这些孩子是否存在，又是另一回事了。
care:关心
They grew up as Americans and pledge allegiance to our flag, and yet they live every day with the threat of deportation.
他们如普通美国人一样在美国长大，并对着我们的国旗宣誓效忠美国，他们每天的生活都面临着被递解出境出境的危险。
deportation:递解出境
The two most important were the ones that I've already talked about basically as the literal sense and the other one is the allegorical sense.
最重要的两个,那些是我已经讲过的字面意思,另那些是寓意。
ones:那些
It meant an annihilation of the Will, a release from individuated existence from the prison of being oneself and dissolution into the all - embracing bliss of nothingness.
这就意味着意志的湮灭，从个体存在的监狱中发布，并溶解在包容一切的虚无之风中。
release:发布
The allergen in jackfruit does not on its own sensitize the immune system, but once birch pollen has done the job, the immune system may react to jackfruit too.
菠萝蜜中的过敏原本身不会使免疫系统敏感化，但是一旦桦树花粉刺激了免疫系统，免疫系统也会对菠萝蜜有反应。
sensitize:敏感化
It has since been shown that such an approach is untenable due to lack of consumer acceptance and now any transgene showing homology with a known allergen is not pursued as a commercial option.
由于缺少消费者认同，这种方法已经表明是站不住脚的，现在，任何一种显示出与已知过敏原有同族关系的转基因都不会被商业化。
lack:缺少
Allergies are caused by an overactive immune system responding to an allergen such as pollen, mold, dust or pet dander.
过敏症是在接触到了类似于花粉、霉菌、灰尘或者宠物毛屑等过敏症原的时候免疫系统作出的过激反应造成的。
Allergies:过敏症
Contact between these IgE antibodies and an allergen, triggers the release of the chemical histamine, which is responsible for symptoms such as rashes or wheezing.
这些IqE抗体和过敏原接触后，发布出化学组胺，正是因为它，才会产生诸如皮疹、呼吸困难等症状。
release:发布
In theory, though probably not in practice, that could alleviate the pressure to work endless overtime.
理论上（尽管实际上可能并非如此），这或许会缓解无休止随着时间的推移的压力。
overtime:随着时间的推移
However, multiple inheritance being used only for interface implementation was thought to alleviate this problem somewhat.
不过，多重遗产只能用在被认为可以减轻这一问题的接口实现中。
inheritance:遗产
Minh's mother had thrown him out of the house at the age of 10, and at the end of each day his friend, Thi, would carry the stricken boy on his back to an alleyway where they slept.
明的妈妈在他十岁时把他扔出家门。他的朋友阮，每天结尾时都把这个受伤的男孩背到他们睡觉的胡同。
end:结尾
Analysts say the tensions will be a test for the United States, since it is allied with the Philippines and has grown closer to Vietnam.
分析人士认为，这种紧张局势局面是对美国的一个考验，因为美国同菲律宾是联盟关系，与越南的关系也日益密切。
tensions:紧张局势
With library catalogs, bigger is better, and one all - inclusive silo is preferable to lots of little ones.
对于图书馆联机目录，是越大越好的，那些包含了所有书库信息的系统比其他许多小一些的系统表现得好。
ones:那些
If you are on a tight budget, consider an all-inclusive option, this will mean that you ’ve paid for food, drinks and some activities in advance.
如果你的预算紧张，可以考虑全包式度假，这意味着你已经进步付费购买了食品、饮品以及一些度假活动了。
advance:进步
English alliteration has different rhetorical functions in different texts. We can not only enjoy its beauty of vision, but also its beauty of musical rhythm.
在英语头韵不同的文本中有着不同的修辞功能，既能给人以视觉美丽，又能使人享受到音乐的节奏美丽。
beauty:美丽
He described the claim in alliterative fashion as a composite of fantasy, fallacy and fiction.
曾有人译为他用押头韵的方式把这种要求描绘成虚幻、虚妄、小说的混合物。
fiction:小说
Dynamic logical partitioning enhances this capability by providing control of the allocation of the resources without impacting the logical partitions availability.
动态逻辑分区通过对资源的分配提供控制而不影响逻辑分区的可用性来加强这种能力。
enhances:加强
This standard provides an XML framework for managing the provisioning and allocation of identity information and system resources within and between organizations.
该标准置备了一种XML框架，用于管理企业内部/之间的身份信息和系统资源的供给和分配。
provisioning:置备
In a flow - switching network, the allotment of bandwidth would change constantly.
而在流交换网络中，拨款的带宽时常改变。
allotment:拨款
Lunch is simple. We slice a loaf, count the pieces, do the arithmetic to discover entitlement, and cover this allotment with a variety of spreads.
午餐很简单，我们切开一条面包，数一数算一算怎样来拨款，然后给面包片涂上各种酱料。
allotment:拨款
Even though each one of them is capable of accessing a 4GB range of memory, it doesn't mean that they each get their own 4GB allotment of physical RAM.
即使其中每个系统都能访问4GB的内存范围，这并不表示它们各自拥有4GB的物理内存拨款。
allotment:拨款
It was a place where mothers waited for hours with their ration tickets in hand to buy their monthly allotment of milk powder or rice.
母亲们手执粮票等待数小时买每月拨款的奶粉或大米。
allotment:拨款
If we only could figure all out in terms of the chemical, physical and behavioral, scientific elements, all of these elements, we'd know all this knows about human being.
如果我们只能搞清楚所有的东西,仅仅存在在化学物理行为和科学元素中，所有这些元素，我们会知道所有这些，了解人类。
being:存在
This sequence is a subset of the allowable structures in a reference topic, which allows any sequence of syntax, properties, and sections.
这个顺序是引用主题所允许结构的一个子集，后者没有规定语法、属性和章节的顺序。
sequence:顺序
Read the report carefully, making sure not only that your water has received a passing grade overall but also that contaminants haven't exceeded the maximum allowable levels, even for a short while.
仔细阅读报告书，确保你家的水达到总体合格标准尽管污染物含量不论何时都没有超过允许的最高值。
while:尽管
Measures such as increasing jobseekers' allowance and introducing short-term wage subsidies could be up and running straight away and prevent unemployment reaching the levels of previous recessions.
想提高失业津贴和引入短期薪水补贴这样的措施都是直接可行的，可以防止失业率攀升到上次经济衰退时达到的水平。
recessions:经济衰退
Would an omnipotent, would a truly all- powerful God actually doubt the extent of His own empire?
一个无所不能的，真正无所不能的上帝,怎么会怀疑他自己的王国的范围呢？
omnipotent:无所不能
FLATOW: All right, Michael, stay with us because we want to talk to you about another spooky thing, this alpha constant that may not be so constant, okay?
伏拉汤姆：好吧，迈克尔，和我们在一起，别离开，因为我们想跟你谈谈另一个恐怖的东西，α常数可能不那么"恒定不变"，好吗？
alpha:α
And sometimes we have to say all right. But we don't want to take this too far We might want our product to feel useful, but we don't want it to feel babyish. Right?
有时候我们不得不说,好吧，但是我们不希望把它进行得太远了,我们可能希望我们的产品让人觉得有用，但我们不希望它让人觉得幼稚的，对吧？
babyish:幼稚的
The first impression is of alcoholic power buried inside woody spices — sandalwood, cloves, allspice — with a touch of burnt orange and bitter chocolate.
第一印象是木本香料里面埋酒精的力量 -檀香，丁香，五香粉 -用烧焦的橙色和苦巧克力触碰。
touch:触碰
In any case, market participants do not expect Japan to conduct actual intervention unless the dollar drops to an all -time low below 80 yen.
市场人士认为日本无论如何都不会施行实际干涉,除非美元兑日圆跌倒80日圆下方的纪录低点.
intervention:干涉
The allure and charm of Paris excite all who visit there.
巴黎的诱惑与魅力引诱了所有到此游玩的人。
allure:引诱
The allure and charm of Paris captivate all who visit there.
巴黎的诱惑与魅力引诱了所有到此游玩的人。
allure:引诱
Now this allusion here in this verse epistle to his father is to a passage from the book of Revelation.
在这封给他父亲信里的诗中所含的典故,是从《启示录》中的一段话来的。
allusion:典故
Rezaei went on to threaten Israel, claiming that he was capable of neutralizing the Jewish state with "one strike ," a possible allusion to an attack on Israel's Dimona nuclear complex.
雷扎伊还对以色列发出威胁，他声称他有能力给予这个犹太人国家致命一击，使之丧失战斗力，这可能是在典故发动袭击来摧毁以色列在迪莫纳的核反应堆。
allusion:典故
The allusion here is obviously to the passage in 1 Corinthians that you can find on your handout.
很明显，这个典故来自《新约》的《哥林多前书》的一段,你可以在讲义材料里找到。
allusion:典故
Project Moses is both an allusion to Moses parting the waves of the Red Sea and a neat acronym for the project's name, Modulo Sperimentale Elettromeccanico.
摩西计划（ProjectMoses）这个名字一方面典故了圣徒摩西分开红海波涛的典故，另外还是这个项目的意大利语名称——“实验机电模块”的缩写。
allusion:典故
The activists have been dubbed the "post- 80 "group, in an allusion to their year of birth, and use social networking sites to publicise and co- ordinate their rallies.
这些活动人士因其诞生年份而被称为“80后”，他们利用社交网站来宣传和协调自己的集会。
birth:诞生
A particular 12) slang, the use of particular nicknames, an 13) allusive manner of conversation, are the marks.
一句特别的俚语，特殊昵称的使用，或者含沙射影的对话，都是分数。
marks:分数
Sand wave movement is an important form of sediment movement for alluvial rivers and has a great effect on stream resistance.
沙波移动是冲积河流泥沙移动的一种重要形式。沙波的消长对河道水流的阻力损失有很大的影响。
movement:移动
There into the sea on the continental shelf of alluvial river delta formation.
在大陆架上有流入大海的江河冲积编队的三角洲。
formation:编队
Allied to this is a tendency in peacemaking for America to defer to Israel's ideas “because its ally is the one that has to make the tangible concessions of territory ”.
与此相联系的就是美国和平行动上的一趋向，即遵从以色列的想法“因为它的盟友必须是切实地做出领土上的让步的那个才是”。
one:一
Thus, for example, savings for future consumption, or to provide for descendents, or to give to your alma mater, are all examples of consumption.
所以，举例的说，为了捐钱给母校，为了自己的后代而节省未来的消耗，这些都是关于消耗的例子。
consumption:消耗
No matter what happens we need to keep our faith and trust in almighty God.
不管发生什么事我们都应当坚持信仰并继续相信全能的上帝。
trust:相信
When we went out together for our morning walk he would ask me to give alms to any beggars we came across.
我们早晨出去走时，他让我把钱施舍给路上遇到的乞丐。
walk:走
Pic. 26 An elderly woman begs for alms on a roadside in the old part of New Delhi, India, Wednesday, Feb. 3, 2010. (AP Photo/Rajesh Kumar Singh)
图262010年2月3日星期三，印度新德里老城区中，一位年老的妇女在街边求施舍。
begs:求
Even so the Aloe Vera Kingdom does not suggest consuming GMO food source due to wobbly DNA and also the possibility of herbicides such as Roundup in your food source.
虽然如此，芦荟王国不建议食用转基因食物来源，不仅是因为抖动的DNA，也因为食物来源中可能性含有例如抗农达的除草剂。
possibility:可能性
A complete guide to information on Aloe Vera and its different uses and benefits.
一个完整的信息指导芦荟及其不同用途和好处。
guide:指导
“We want to take advantage of the autorotation mode since it doesn't require power for flight ,” he said.“ If we can find a vertical column of air, it can stay aloft indefinitely.
“因为它不需要航班的电力，我们希望能发挥自旋模式的优点，”他说，“如果我们可以找到竖直而行的空气，它可以永远停留在空中。
flight:航班
Much of that growth will come from the company’s W and Aloft brands.
喜达屋的W和雅乐轩品牌将是其生长的两个主要动力。
growth:生长
When their eyes at last met, he began at once to pursue the theme that had occupied his thoughts, aloud, as if he had been speaking all the time.
当他们的眼光最终相遇时，他立刻开始把他脑子里想法的问题大声地继续说下去，仿佛他一直在说话似的。
thoughts:想法
An alpaca named Oregon gets ready for its appearance at allama and alpaca showcase in Dettelbach, Germany.
德国Dettelbach，一只名叫俄勒冈的羊驼正准备在羊驼和骆驼展厅陈列柜自己。
showcase:陈列柜
'Why spend money on something when you already have a perfectly good one?' he says.
他说，当你已经有一很好的东西时，为什么还要再花钱去买呢？
one:一
Alright, I'll concede, maybe not all programmers love longhours, but surely with the amount of overtime that is prevalent in thisindustry at least half of us must love it.
不过，我也承认，可能不是所有的程序员都喜欢长时间的工作，但可以肯定的是，在这个行业里流行着大量的随着时间的推移，至少我们中的一半必须要喜欢它。
overtime:随着时间的推移
For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment.
因为我还有五个弟兄。他可以对他们作见证，免得他们也来到这折磨的地方。
torment:折磨
The Spanish family that has owned the oil-on- wood portable altarpiece, The Baptism of Christ, since the mid- 19th Century, did not know what they had.
这个西班牙家庭从19世纪中期开始就拥有了这幅油彩木板便携式祭坛画画《基督受洗图》，但是他们并不知道这幅画的价值。
altarpiece:祭坛画
You can easily alter it to not use generics if you like, then it will run with older JDKs.
如果愿意，您可以容易地改变它以不使用泛型，然后它将用较旧的JDKs运行。
JDKs:JDKs
Because the pattern says that it "Allows an object to alter its behavior when its internal state changes.
因为模式要求它“允许一个对象在它的内部状态变化的时候变化它的行为。
changes:变化
The main alteration to the timeline this story makes is the addition of dragons.
对故事时间轴的主要修改是添加了龙的角色。
addition:添加
She is portrayed as a fun teen although her animated alter ego displays her true feelings from time to time including becoming rebellious, disrespectful and rude in the episode "Bad Girl McGuire ".
尽管她的自我动画形象时不时地展现出她真实的内心感受，包括在“坏女孩麦圭尔”中的她——时而叛逆、时而无礼、时而粗暴，她还是一个可爱乐趣的女孩。
fun:乐趣
In those cases, the only option is to use alternate data binding.
在那些情况下，唯一点选项就是使用候补数据绑定。
option:选项
But few sites actually include content negotiation configurations and alternate representations of resources.
但是，很少有站点真正包括内容协商配置和交替资源交涉。
representations:交涉
Lastly, while I still have an audience, I would like to bring attention to an alternative food and energy source.
最后，当我还有一个读者的时候，我想提请人们注意力一种替代食品和能源的来源。
attention:注意力
Alternatively, you could start later and finish later – giving you some time at the end of the day to focus without interruptions.
要不然，你可以晚点开始，晚点结尾——在一天结尾的时候给你一些时间集中精力，不受打扰。
end:结尾
Alternatively, we can dispense with the layers of sorrow, and interpret autism as but one more wrinkle in the fabric of humanity.
还有一种选择是，我们可以摈除那一图层哀伤，将自闭症看作人性这件织物上的一个褶皱。
layers:图层
"Electric car production: workers assemble a Flyer car at the BYD plant in Xian," The photo shows the assembly of an internal combustion engine. The alternator is clearly visible.
“汽车制造”：在西安比亚迪工厂的工人们聚集在一起集会汽车。上面的照片是工人们在集会引擎，可以从图片中看到发电机。
assembly:集会
The new probe was built using improved electronics and batteries, and an extra radar altimeter, a device that will fire microwaves at the Arctic and Antarctic ice to reveal its thickness.
新的探测器在建造时使用了改进的电子设备和电池组，并且添加了新的的雷达高度表，这是一种发射微波测定两极冰层厚度的装置。
altimeter:高度表
I watched the altimeter on my wrist rise to 13,500 feet, which meant it was time to go.
我看了看手腕上的高度计，已上升到了13，500脚，这意味着往下跳的时候到了。
feet:脚
Spaceborne radar altimeter is an important active microwave remote sensor which is able to measure the oceans with high accuracy.
星载雷达高度计是一种重要的对海洋进行准确性测量的主动式微波遥感器。
accuracy:准确性
We will be able to help save human lives during natural disasters, high altitude, sea journeys and other natural and human extremities.
我们将能够帮助拯救在自然灾害，高海拔，海上航行及其他自然和人类四肢情况下的生命。
extremities:四肢
But the one I am feeling best about right now is a guy in Palo Alto –Chris Yeh. He turned out to be a real gem, so I’m going to tell you how it happened.
但此刻我感觉最满意的是一来自PaloAlto 的小伙子——克里斯·耶，他被证明确实是一难等可贵的人，因此我要告诉你们这件事的发生过程。
one:一
Just over a year ago, Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg were reportedly spotted taking a walk together in Palo Alto.
就在一年前，有报道称看见史蒂夫•乔布斯和马克•扎克伯格在帕洛阿尔托一起走。
walk:走
If, for example, engineering and construction companies build a dam or bridge of appropriate strength, an earthquake may not have a devastating impact and flooding might be altogether prevented.
例子，如果工程和建筑企业建造一个强度适当的水坝或桥梁，地震可能不会对其产生破坏性影响，因而可能可以完全避免洪灾。
example:例子
The point is rather that the kind of altruism we ought to encourage, and probably the only kind with staying power, is satisfying to those who practice it.
关键是，我们应该鼓励的种类利他主义，或者可能是唯一一种可以持久存在的利他主义，可以让那些践行者得到满足。
kind:种类
Although allowing an early end to the week may seem altruistic, there are good reasons why this might be the best use of a Friday afternoon.
让员工提前结尾一周的工作，可能看起来十分无私，但一些有力的证据表明：这可能是利用周五下午的最佳方式。
end:结尾
We can safely assume that some are benevolent and altruistic; some are evil and self-serving; and others may have agendas we can only guess at and may be beyond human understanding.
我们可以有把握地做出猜测，有些外星人是仁慈的和无私的，有些是邪恶和自私自利的，还有其他的一些有什么样的目的我们只能去猜测，可能是超出人类理解的。
others:其他的
That applies not just to glass and plastics, but valuable (or toxic) substances such as gold, aluminium, nickel, copper, zinc, lead, cadmium and mercury, too.
不仅仅玻璃和塑料垃圾可以利用这个系统，重金子属（或有毒的金子属）如：金子、铝、镍、铜、锌、铅、镉和水银等也可以。
gold:金子
For example, in Baltimore, some schools take attendance at 10 a. m. rather than 8 a.m. because they know if kids show up at all, they come in late and would be counted absent.
例子，在巴尔的摩，一些学校在上午10时统计出席人数，而不是在上午8时，因为他们知道，如果孩子们迟到了，上午8时统计会把他们算成旷课。
example:例子
And you’ve gotta bring that into the center of your being, and say it’s not just who I am in Jesus, it’s what He did to make me who I am.
而你需要将这一点带入你生活的中心，不仅认识到我在耶稣基督里存在谁，还要认识到恰存在因为祂所做的，我才有了这样的身份。
being:存在
So when we hear any particular sound, again, we're hearing an amalgam of many sounds, and the importance of each of these partials in the aggregate of sound is what gives it its particular color.
那么,当我们听到某个声音的时候,其实听到的是很多声音的混合物,混合声音中的这些分音之所以重要性,就是因为它们决定了自身特定的音色
importance:重要性
I intend to learn to amalgamate my tones of creation, blending light and dark and creating a real and complete ascension.
我意愿学会融合我的造物音调，从而融合光明与黑暗并创建一个真正完全的提升。
creation:创建
But the three zones mingle and amalgamate along the edges, like the colors in the solar spectrum.
然而，这三带的各自边缘又相互交融，相互渗透，就像太阳光谱的各种颜色那样。
mingle:交融
Some farmers in the area, for example, have set up small telescopes in their back gardens for visiting amateur astronomers to use.
例子，该地区的一些农民在他们的后院架起了一些小型望远镜，供来访的天文爱好者使用。
example:例子
This principles describes the feeling of surprise and a bit of amazement when one realizes they can have freedom from the conventional.
这个理念描述了一种当有人意识到他们可以从常规中解脱时的感受到的惊讶和一点点的惊喜的感觉。
surprise:惊喜
I watched in amazement, seeing how the pieces fell into these small boxes on a very small conveyor.
我惊愕的看着这个过程，看着这些零件是怎么在一个非常小的传送带上掉进这些小盒子里。
amazement:惊愕
But now to their amazement she had become a grown -up young lady and quite the most charming one in all the world.
可现在他们惊愕地发现她已经是个成年姑娘，而且可以称得上是全世界最迷人的一个呢。
amazement:惊愕
“They can throw their leaders out if they aren’t doing their job, ” he said with amazement.
“他们可以抛弃那么不干事的领导，”他带着惊愕的口吻说。
amazement:惊愕
Blinking in amazement, the hillbilly drawled, "I should have brought my wife!
乡下人惊愕地眨着眼睛，慢吞吞地说：“我应该把我的老婆带来!”
amazement:惊愕
To her amazement, she found that the stars were moving too quickly for their size— tantalizing evidence that dark matter might be tugging on them.
结果，她惊愕地发现，这些星体的运动的速度惊人，这证明它们可能是受到了暗物质吸引。
amazement:惊愕
Let my joy take its birth and clap its hands and dance with the surging songs, and make the morning open its eyes wide in sweet amazement.
让我的欢乐诞生，让它拍着手儿，和着汹涌澎湃的歌声翩翩起舞吧。让清晨甜蜜而又惊愕地睁大眼睛吧。
amazement:惊愕
For most of us, the response was one of amazement (if a bit contrived) and vocal appreciation for our obvious talents.
对我们大多数人来说，对我们显地才华，这种反应是惊愕（如果有一点小发明）和大声赞扬中的一种。
amazement:惊愕
The flashing light dimmed into the distance as the police car rolled to a halt, much to the amazement of its occupants.
警车抛锚了，闪烁的灯光也远去了。这让警车里的人惊愕不已。
amazement:惊愕
But curiosity about him continues, as evidenced by the unrelenting tide of Einstein books Amazon. com lists some 100 in print).
有关爱因斯坦的书层出不穷（亚马逊网站列出了100本），这印证了人们对他依旧很好奇心。
curiosity:好奇心
But those homebound ships contained something else of equal importance: the Amazonian plant known today as tobacco.
但是那些返航的船只还包括了同样重要性的其它东西：亚马逊河植物，也就是我们今天熟悉的烟草。
importance:重要性
The United States, which provides millions of dollars in aid to Honduras, is the only country in the region that has not withdrawn its ambassador from Honduras.
而美国，作为该地区为洪都拉斯提供了百万美元援助的国家，却是该地区唯一一个还没有撤回其大使的国家。
millions:百万
More than a century later, amber became sexy again with the advent of gene sequencing and cloning.
一个多世纪之后，随着基因测序和克隆技术的出现，琥珀再次变得性感起来。
sequencing:测序
It must be a whole experience for the diner - service, decor, ambience.
对用餐者来说这必然是一整套体验——服务，装饰风格，氛围。
decor:装饰风格
Most of the above points would narrow down to strong lack of communication and uninspiring ambience of the workplace.
上面大多数问题都会归结到缺少沟通和气氛压抑的工作环境之上。
lack:缺少
You're in conversation with one person but the signal to noise ratio is low, meaning his voice, the signal, is quiet relative to the ambient conversational noise.
你正在和一个人对话，但是信号和噪音的比率低，也就是说，对方的声音（信号），相对于周围的对话声（噪音）是安静的。
conversation:对话
One interesting feature is the bulb's auto - shutoff function. It will only shine when ambient light falls below about 200 lux.
这种灯还有一种有趣的汽车关闭功能，它只能在周围光亮低于200流明的时候被点亮。
auto:汽车
Since the entire problem domain of SOA is plagued with ambiguous terminology, let us start with laying out some key definitions.
既然整个SOA问题领域都充斥着模糊的术语，那么我们就先提出一些关键定义吧。
domain:领域
MRI possess hypersensitive for large area - cerebral infarction of acute stage, so it could early discovery the location and ambit of the focus of infection and dropsy.
脱水降颅压抗感染等综合治疗极其重要；核磁共振对急性期大面积脑梗塞有高度敏感性，能早期发现病灶及水肿的部位和范围。
MRI:核磁共振
An ambitious reader might finish off one a month without disrupting a personal reading program already in place. That means he or she would cross the finish line in the year 2063.
一个有雄心的读者可以每个月读完一本书，并且不间断这个个人读书计划，并且已经行动到位，这就意味着他或她将在2063年结束目标。
finish:结束
A comparative study on the morphological characteristic of stem, leaf, anthotaxy and involucrum of three kinds of ragweed weed—Ambrosia Artemisiifolia L.
通过对美洲豚草、三裂叶豚草、多年生豚草的茎杆、叶片、花序、总苞等的特征比较学习，弄清它们的形态特点，为检疫鉴定提供资料依据。
study:学习
Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever.
说，阿们。颂赞，荣耀，智慧，感恩，尊贵，权柄，大力，都归与我们的神，直到永永远远。
thanksgiving:感恩
America cut “amenable” deaths by only 4% during that period; it fell to bottom of the table.
在那段时间里，美国的“可预防”死亡人数只减少了4%，落到了表格的最底部。
deaths:死亡人数
But the steady accumulation of these jobs adds up to an economy that, for the working class, has become more amenable to women than to men.
但是这些稳定的工作积累出一个经济效应，对工人阶级来说，男人应该变得更服从于女人。
accumulation:积累
'Don't just put your laptop on your desk -- that's probably the worst place for it,' says Ms. James, who says people are usually amenable to such suggestions once muscle strain sets in.
詹姆斯说，不要只是把笔记本电脑放在书桌上，书桌或许是放笔记本电脑最糟糕的地方。她说，人们一旦出现肌肉拉紧的症状，就会非常愿意接受她的建议。
strain:拉紧
Despite protests from a handful of MPs that the royal family should hand back some of that surplus to the Treasury it was confirmed that parliament could not amend the annual payment downwards.
尽管一小部分国会议员提出抗议，认为皇室应将部分剩余交还财政部，但有一点是确定的，那就是国会不能修正以前的每年皇室拨款。
surplus:剩余
Gates said U .S. law currently forbids sale of the Raptor to foreign countries, but he encouraged Australia to lobby the U .S. Congress to amend that law.
盖茨说，美国法律目前禁止向外国销售猛禽隐形战斗机，但是他鼓励澳大利亚游说美国国会修改这项法律。
sale:销售
I am an American, not by accident of birth but by choice.
我是一个美国人，不是偶然而是被选择诞生在这里。
birth:诞生
Epicures, the most prudent time-travellers, will follow Gibbon to Rome, or time their birth to dodge a call- up for the world wars and surf the Pax Americana.
而最为谨慎的穿越客——美食爱好者们，则会追随吉本前往罗马，否则得掐算好诞生时间以避开世界大战的征兵，然后享受美国统治之下的和平。
birth:诞生
He had been working for a long time on a new game that would have the excitement of the American football.
他很长时间以来一直在研究一项新游戏，这个新游戏与美式足球一样另人激动。
excitement:激动
A beautiful combination of all the best that Anglo - American and Indian looks have to offer.
她是盎格鲁血统美国人和印度人的完美组合。
combination:组合
And when he touched her, she gave a cry like a startled sea- gull and woke, and looked at him in terror with her mauve- amethyst eyes, and struggled that she might escape.
而当他一触到她，她便像受惊的鸥般，惊叫着醒转来，并用她紫水晶样剔透的眸子惊恐地望着他，挣扎着想要逃脱。
gull:鸥
This world because of sincerity but amiability, because of having a love just complete.
这个世界因诚意而可爱，因为有爱才完整。
sincerity:诚意
Banneker's face, on the contrary, displayed a quite different impression; that of amiability.
相反地，班纳克的脸，表现出与他完全不同的神态，和蔼。
amiability:和蔼
I have a woman the docile of the amiability, have the gold sort the sincerity.
我有女人可爱的善良，有金子般诚意。
sincerity:诚意
The deal is an amicable solution to the dispute between Turkey and Israel, whose close political relationship deteriorated in 2009.
土耳其与以色列密切的政治关系在2009年遭到恶化，该合同是一个解决方案争端的友好方式。
solution:解决方案
But on Wednesday, the two sides said they had reached an “amicable ” settlement that was awaiting Chinese government approval.
但周二，双方说已“友好”解决，只等中国政府赞同。
approval:赞同
Yogurt also supplies the brain with tyrosine, an amino acid that boosts blood levels of the neurotransmitters dopamine and norepinephrine, resulting in a mood and mental boost.
酸奶还能向大脑供给酪氨酸，这种氨基酸能提升血液中的神经介质多巴胺和去甲去甲肾上腺素水平，从而提升人的情绪和心情。
norepinephrine:去甲肾上腺素
A single mutation, a different sequence in the DNA, causes the ribosome to use a different amino acid when it builds the lysozyme molecule.
单一突变，DNA顺序发生变化，会造成核糖体在构建溶解酵素分子时使用不同的氨基酸。
sequence:顺序
The problem, in the view of its founder, Amir Peleg, is not a lack of data per se, but a lack of analysis.
在公司创始人AmirPeleg看来，这个问题本质上来说并非缺少数据，而是缺少对数据的分析整合。
lack:缺少
Walter had strong feelings about courtesy and fairness and amity, and he was borderline uxorious as a husband, but he was apparently willing neither to support his wife nor to curb her.
沃尔特看重客气、公正、和睦关系，作为丈夫，他不无妻管严的嫌疑，但显然他即不愿意支持自己的妻子，也不愿意去限制她。
amity:和睦
Historical amity and education plays its part; the city is, after all, home to the Chinese Memorial Hall of the War to Resist US Aggression and Aid Korea.
历史上的和睦关系和人们所受的教育发挥出其作用，毕竟，这个城市是中国抗美援朝纪念馆的所在。
amity:和睦
Two nations that appreciate and learn from each other should be able to live in amity and progress together.
两个相互欣赏、相互学习的民族，也应该是和睦相处、共同进步的民族。
amity:和睦
Europe is particularly intoxicated by the possibility of restoring amity with America in an Obama presidency.
欧洲尤其对修复与奥巴马任总统的美国的和睦关系的可能性感到特别兴奋。
amity:和睦
A sign of US-China amity, or a continental alliance against governments and movements (small Mafias) that the big Mafias don't like?
一个标志中美和睦的合作，还是仅仅大陆间的联盟对抗某些政府和某些运动（那些大帮会所不喜欢的小黑帮）？
amity:和睦
China advocates amity not animosity; cooperation not confrontation; mutual trust not suspicion; and treating each other as equals not imposing on others.
我们主张对外要和睦，不要敌视；要合作，不要对抗；要互相信任，不要相互猜疑；要平等相待，不要强加于人。
amity:和睦
The Book of History, an ancient classic in China for example, advocates amity among people and friendly exchanges among nations.
中国古老的经典--《尚书》就提出"百姓昭明，协和万邦"的理想，主张人民和睦相处，国家和睦往来。
amity:和睦
The compounds, which include ammonia, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, sodium and, surprisingly, silver, could have come from the Earth, from the moon's interior, or from comets and asteroids.
这些物质,包括氨、二氧化硫、一氧化碳、钠时,让人吃惊的是,银,可能来自地球、月亮的内部,还是来自彗星和小行星。
dioxide:二氧化硫
Besides water, the plume also contained carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, ammonia, sodium, mercury and silver.
除了水，羽状物中还包含一氧化碳，二氧化硫，氨，钠，水银和银。
dioxide:二氧化硫
Oxygen -poor blood then "piles up" in the veins draining the brain, especially in central brain regions that are key to memory formation. The result could be transient amnesia.
缺氧的血液汇集在脑部的静脉中 ,特别是流到脑部中枢有关记忆编队的重要区域，这样就会产生暂时性失忆。
formation:编队
If the gene for oxytocin is knocked out of a mouse before birth, that mouse will become a social amnesiac and have no memory of the other mice it meets.
如果在老鼠诞生前，DNA中的抗利尿激素基因即被剔除,那只老鼠将会成为一个社会性失忆个体，它也不会对遇到的其他老鼠留下任何印象。
birth:诞生
Even though these old wives' tales are far from foolproof, they are certainly more fun than their more reliable successors, amniocentesis and ultrasound.
尽管这些老方法绝不是万无一失的，但它们绝对比后来的羊膜穿刺术、超声乐趣。
fun:乐趣
This study explores the experienced of advanced maternal age from being informed amniocentesis to actual implement.
本研究旨在探讨高龄孕妇获知羊膜穿刺术至实际实施之经历。
implement:实施
One of the best ways to confirm Down syndrome before birth is by amniocentesis, which uses a needle to remove a sample of the amniotic fluid surrounding a fetus.
目前鉴别孩子是否患有唐氏综合征（Downsyndrome ），最好的方法之一是：在孩子诞生前用羊膜穿刺术检测，就是用针抽取一些羊水做样本。
birth:诞生
Sure, it helps to know some history, but a grasp of biology now is even more useful — like how an amoeba reproduces by constantly splitting itself in half.
当然，了解一些历史会有所帮助，但是掌握生物学知识现在更有用的-例如阿米巴虫是如何不断一分为二，分裂再现的。
reproduces:再现
In 1992 scientists tracking a pneumonia outbreak in England found a massive new kind of virus lurking within an amoeba inside a cooling tower.
1992年英国科学家在追踪肺炎暴发时在一个冷却塔内发现了一种大量潜伏在变形虫内的病毒。
outbreak:暴发
Every being, from the smallest amoeba to the largest whale, share the same life stream.
所有的活物，小至阿米巴虫，大至鲸，皆源于一脉。
whale:鲸
In German the word "amoklauf" is used to describe mass shootings, and "koma" is the reverse of the word "amok ."
在德语中"amoklauf"用于描述连续枪击案，"koma"是"amok." 反过来。
shootings:枪击案
The Lease or License model refers to the revenue model that would be common amongst larger business partners who would require large volumes of usage and expect a more customized agreement.
租借或者许可模式指的是一种收入模式，这种模式在大的商业伙伴中比较普遍，他们需要大量地用法服务并期望更加合体的协议。
usage:用法
Without an enemy to strive against, there is a lack of unity amongst us; therefore we have the mental necessity of evil.
如果没有敌人让我们同仇敌忾，我们就会缺少团结；因此，我们精神上需要有邪恶的存在。
lack:缺少
But even if animals could be proved amoral and immune to pain, human beings would have no basis for even careless treatment of them.
可是即便证明了动物属于超道德范畴且它们不会感到疼痛人类也提不出对动物漠不关心对待动物的根据。
pain:疼痛
The original novel is gory, earthy and full of amoral sex and violence - there`s even cannibalism.
《水浒传》原著充满着血淋淋的和粗俗，有许多非道德的色情与暴力情节，甚至还有吃人场面的描述。
gory:血淋淋的
Uni - Solar manufactures thin- film solar cells made from amorphous silicon.
Uni-Solar制成品了由非晶硅为原材料的薄膜太阳能电池。
manufactures:制成品
Flat- panel display (FPD) revenues will grow to nearly ＄200bn, driven mainly by a- Si (amorphous silicon) TFT LCDs for consumer products such as TVs.
平板展示器（FPD）收入主要受TV等消费类产品使用的硅（非晶硅）薄膜晶体管液晶展示器件(TFT-LCD)的推动，将升至近2000亿美元。
display:展示
In Syria he recognises an amorphous Muslim sense of "grievance ", but not the millions of Iraqi and Palestinian refugees.
在叙利亚，他承认有一种无形的穆斯林的“怨恨感”，但不是来自百万伊拉克和巴勒斯坦难民的。
millions:百万
I like to imagine time as if you are given a certain amount of tickets at birth.
我喜欢把时间想象成是在诞生时就得到的门票，它们的数量是一定的。
birth:诞生
Meach goes into the noisy crowed to drown his own cli amour of silence.
人走进喧哗的群众里去，为的是要淹没他自身的安静的呼号。
silence:安静
For example, & lt; is changed to & amp; lt; so that it stays escaped when displayed.
例子，<被改为<，以便显示时它仍是被转义的形式。
example:例子
The substitute () call then replaces all such "raw" ampersands with the XML entity & amp;.
substitute()调用随后使用XML&实体代替所有此类 “原始”& 符号。
substitute:代替
And I prefer to an ampere meter being made of aluminum even though it has analog to another one.
我还想要一铝制的安培表，虽然它与另一类似。
one:一
I would usually come down from these amphetamine highs with a sense of folly, exhausted and empty-handed.
我通常会得到安非他明带来的快乐和蠢事的感觉，接着精疲力尽和两手空空。
folly:蠢事
Amphetamine is very similar in composition to some of the neurotransmitters, such as dopamine and noradrenaline, which occur naturally in the brain.
安非他命在组成上和一些神经传递素很相像，比如多巴胺和去甲去甲肾上腺素，这些激素是大脑自然分泌的。
noradrenaline:去甲肾上腺素
Thelink has been demonstrated in human as well as animal research, which shows that chronic self -administration of certain substancessuch as amphetamine can alter the extent of discounting.
这种关联已经在人类和动物研究中被证实。它显示慢性对特定的物质比如安非他命的自己监控，会改变折现的程度。
self:自己
What the senior engineer knew was the connection between two sound components -- such as receiver, mixer, amplifier, and speakers -- went beyond two copper wires and some insulation.
这位资深工程师所知道的就是两个音响部件之间的联系，两段铜线和一些绝缘介质之间的接收器、混音器、放大器和扬声器。
connection:联系
It is a system that can amplify either a human warming influence or a natural one, making the task of disentangling a signal of human influence from other forces exceedingly tough.
这是一可以增强人类对全球变暖的或者自然的影响的系统，又是从其它因素中将人类的影响分离出的非常艰难的系统。
one:一
Another risk is that a proliferation of measures could be a gift to interest groups, letting them pick numbers that amplify their misery in order to demand a bigger share of the national pie.
另一个风险是，增加衡量标准可能是送给利益集团的礼物，使他们可以选择放大他们的苦难处境的数字，以便在全国范围内要求更大份额的利益。
misery:苦难
In subjects that have been drinking alcohol, for example, emissions are deadened. And different drugs alter the amplitude of OAEs, as do ear infections or wax build -up.
例子，有饮酒习惯的受试者，其耳声发射就已减弱，不同的药物也会改变耳声发射的振幅，耳道感染或者耳垢堆积也一样。
example:例子
There are reports that many of those afflicted with BIID have reportedly felt the compulsion to amputate or paralyze the limbs as early as childhood.
据报告这些遭受BIID疾病折磨的患者早在他们孩提时代就已经意识到一种不由自主的截肢或者麻痹身体的的强迫症心理。
compulsion:强迫症
Choppin suggested that the lower ground force was probably due to the relative lack of muscle in an amputee's leg.
肖邦认为，较低的蹬地力量可能是因为截肢者的腿部肌肉相对缺少所致。
lack:缺少
I don't know what it's like to be an arm amputee, or have even one flesh-and-bone leg, or to have cerebral palsy.
因为我不知道作为一个被截上肢者，或只有一条健康腿的人，或者大脑麻痹的人，他们是什么感觉。
palsy:麻痹
Long before Bonsai Kittens and the tourist guy, hoaxsters have been wreaking havoc on the gullible to amuse themselves and maybe gain a little notoriety.
早在盆景猫咪和灾难旅行者之前，就有恶搞的人拿“蹂躏”那些轻信的人来作为消遣，并因此恶名。下面是一些网络时代甚至几个世纪之前的恶作剧。
notoriety:恶名
If she is down, try to amuse her. Laughter is best medicine.
如果她情绪低落，试着哄她开心。笑声是最好的良药。
Laughter:笑声
It is to amuse myself that I dwell on such subjects as the lack of external comforts: they never occupy my thoughts, except at the moment when I miss them.
若是我告诉你在这里表面生活上的不安慰，那仅仅是哄哄自己的，这些从来没有占据过我的思想，除非在我想念这些的时候。
comforts:安慰
Having amused himself for some time with their curiosity, he finally explained.
他先拿她们的好奇心心逗了一会儿乐，最后作了解释。
curiosity:好奇心
Even though she is a vegan, Mrs Davies' experiment has brought her amusement rather than fear.
虽然她是素食主义者，戴维斯夫人的实验给她带来了乐趣而不是害怕。
fear:害怕
For example, there's an amusement park in my dream world with some pretty cool rides.
例子，在我的梦境中就有一个拥有很多酷车的游乐园。
example:例子
However, roller coasters and other frightening amusement park rides did not cause enough fear to make time warp.
然而，过山车和其它游乐园中的惊险游乐项目并不够恐怖让时间经。
warp:经
India Maharashtra police chief AN - Roy 27, said the Mumbai five - star Taj Mahal hotel has been the end of the hostage incident.
中英文对照：印度马哈拉施特拉邦警察局长AN-罗伊27日称，孟买泰姬玛哈五星级酒店的人质事件目前已经结尾。
end:结尾
For years, many assumed that this Françafrique had become an anachronism, one that would eventually wither and die a natural death.
多年来，许多人以为这个“法兰西非洲”已成了一不合时代的事物，最终会衰退并自然死亡。
one:一
In summary, the recovery is likely to be anaemic and below trend in advanced economies and there is a big risk of a double- dip recession.
总而言之，发达经济体的复苏很可能疲弱乏力，并低于趋势水平，全球经济面临遭遇双底型经济衰退的巨大风险。
recession:经济衰退
The oxygen is quickly used in the decay process, and anaerobic bacteria take over.
腐烂过程中迅速消耗氧，分解细菌由厌氧菌取代。
oxygen:氧
When the tide comes in, anaerobic bacteria, which need no oxygen, go to work.
浪潮到来时，不需要氧气的厌氧菌就可以活动了。
tide:浪潮
For example, surgical instruments and anaesthetic equipment are needed for surgery procedures.
例子，手术程序所需的手术器械和麻醉设备。
example:例子
IFAW trains local veterinarians on using a blow pipe to anaesthetize an animal.
来自奥地利的国际爱护动物基金会兽医专家凯蒂培训当地兽医如何使用麻醉吹管。
IFAW:国际爱护动物基金会
For example the name of an ‘ expert ’ quoted in the article might be an anagram of ‘April Fool ’.
例子，文章里所引用的“专家”的名字有可能就是“愚人节”这几个字的拼字游戏。
example:例子
For example, one step in Newbold's solution involved the deciphering of anagrams, which is notoriously imprecise: the anagram ADER, for instance, can be interpreted as READ, DARE or DEAR.
举例来说，纽柏德的解答中包含以迴文方式解译文字，这种方式是出了名的不精确。例子ADER这字就可以看成READ、DARE或DEAR。
example:例子
It’s not just about intercourse … In this day and age a significant percentage of people use condoms when they are engaging in either vaginal or anal intercourse.
其实安全的性生活不只是局限于交往安全...在这个年代有一大部分人在交往或肛交的时候使用避孕套。
intercourse:交往
He provides insight into their mindset and sexual habits: They avoid the intimacy of kissing and anal sex in their relationships.
他洞察力他们的思维方式和性习惯：在他们的关系里，他们会避免亲吻和肛交的亲密行为。
insight:洞察力
If you have problems during those years of life, you could become an anal personality, according to Freud, And, according to Freud, literally, it meant you are unwilling to part with your own feces.
据弗洛伊德的理论,如果你在那几年里你出了问题，那么你就会形成肛门期人格，根据弗洛伊德的理论，这就表示，你不愿意排泄屎。
feces:屎
Methods Adopt dental pulp electro- stimulating method to determine the analgesic effect of CATT to rabbit acute toothache.
方法采用牙髓电刺激法测定CATT对家兔急性牙疼的镇痛作用。
toothache:牙疼
Proxy support is provided for clustering, high availability, and affinity mapping, analogous to the traditional edge component support for HTML requests.
为集群、高可用性和关联映射提供了代理人支持，类似于传统的边缘组件对HTML请求的支持。
Proxy:代理人
They basically attach it to a human head analogue and measure the transmission power from the perspective of said head.
他们通常把手机放在一个人头部类似物物的旁边，然后测量从话筒处传来的能量。
analogue:类似物
Unfortunately, if your operating system didn't provide a good analogue to this, there was simply no way to implement the system call.
不幸的是，如果您的操作系统不具备与此完全类似物的功能，那么没有任何办法来实现这个系统调用。
analogue:类似物
Their analogue TV age probably came and went long ago, before humans even thought about searching the sky for signs of intelligent life.
他们类似物的电视时代大概在很久以前，甚至在人类想到要在天空中搜索智慧生命信号之前就到来又过去了。
analogue:类似物
The pass-through feature lets you tune into the low- power television stations and rural relay stations that will continue beaming analogue programming.
这种兼容性，能让我们电视机调谐到低功率的电视台和村镇中继站，它们可以持续传送模拟节目。
lets:让我们
All four founders maintain profiles on OK Cupid, but they are all married, and they all met their wives the analogue way.
所有四个创始人都在"OK丘比特"上维护简介，但是他们都结婚了，而且他们与自己妻子都以类似物的方式相遇。
analogue:类似物
"It's way more than just contact info," he says." The more prevalent digital becomes, the more meaningful interacting is in the real world - analogue still rules at conferences and events.
“这不仅仅是交换联系方式，”他说，“数字化越是流行，真实世界里的互动反而变得更加有意义——类似物的，这个规则还适用于学术会议和社交活动。
analogue:类似物
These will analyse how the vaccine is distributed in human lungs.
这一试验将分析疫苗如何在人体肺分布。
lungs:肺
This article explores analytical techniques for the capture and modeling of complex business rules.
这篇文章探讨了捕捉和造型复杂业务规则的分析技术。
modeling:造型
Sometimes our thoughts keep us from achieving because we over think and over analyze every situation.
我们过分想法，过分分析每一种情况，所以有时思想会妨碍我们成功。
thoughts:想法
Start journaling and write down your thoughts. Sometimes, getting your thoughts down on paper lets you analyze them more clearly, and worry about them less.
开始些日记，并写下你的想法，有时候把你的思考写在纸上，可让我们你更清楚地分析它们，并更少的担心他们。
lets:让我们
But for others, the anarchic behavior points to a deeper discontent and raises doubts about whether the austerity budget recently introduced by the new coalition government is politically sustainable.
但是在左派分子看来，这种无政府主义的行为更多的是反映了社会的深层矛盾。人们愈发的不满，甚至疑惑联邦政府近期提出的财政紧缩到底能不能持久。
doubts:疑惑
Anarcho - collectivists for example believe that the state and private property should cease to exist and instead the means of production will be collectivized and thus owned by everybody.
例子无政府集体主义相信国家与私有财产应予废除，取而代之的是集体生产以及资产共有。
example:例子
Contemporary yoga has taken the practice to whole new levels of anatomical precision.
现代瑜伽已经将实践的精确性带到解剖学的高度。
practice:实践
The survivors had many defects which included eczema, calcification of tissues, anatomical defects, neuroses and abnormalities in neuromuscular co-ordination.
而生还者有着很多缺点，包括湿疹，纸巾生灰化，解剖过失，神经肌肉的多脉和畸形。
tissues:纸巾
In most other respects, the anatomy of unemployment has been no different during this recession than other severe recessions.
在大多数其他方面，这次经济经济衰退中对失业情况的剖析与前几次经济衰退时并无不同。
recession:经济衰退
For the signed form corresponding to the one given in listing 1, a new document with as the document element must be created with namespaces inherited from all ancestor nodes.
对于与清单1相对应的已签名表单，必须使用从所有祖先节点继承的名称空间创建一新文档，其中包含文档元素。
one:一
Each group carried only a subset of the genetic variation from its ancestral population.
每个族群只携带有他们祖先群体中遗传变化的一部分。
variation:变化
These original ‘ proto- languages ’— from which all others allegedly have developed —were distinct within themselves, with no previous ancestral language.
这些原始的“前语言”——其他的语言从其演化而来——各自截然不同，根本不再有更前面的祖先语言。
others:其他的
Stonehenge evokes in us a connection between some deep ancestral intuitive soul and the power of nature around us.
它唤起我们,在深藏的祖传直觉精神与大自然力量之间是有着某种联系的。
evokes:唤起
The researchers even wrote a computer program, outlined in the journal Evolution, which explains how to tease apart a species' ecological influences from its ancestral ones.
两位研究者甚至还编写了那些计算机程序发表在《进化》杂志上，解释如何区分某个物种与其祖先的生态影响。
ones:那些
IN 1941 Franklin Roosevelt added two new items to America ’s ancestral freedoms of speech and worship: freedom from fear and freedom from want.
1941年富兰克林·罗斯福在美国祖先的言论自由和信仰自由论上加了两点：免于害怕的自由和不虞匮乏的自由。
fear:害怕
When you click any other link, however, a simple anchor template handles the link event and copies the contents of the link to the pin area.
但是，当您单击其他关联时，一个简单的锚模板将处理关联事件并将关联的内容复制到别针区域。
link:关联
Talladega Nights is a more refined version of the kind of anarchic, semi- improvised comedy that we saw in Anchorman, with the added bonus of being a dead-on pastiche of the Hollywood biopic genre.
《塔拉迪加之夜》将我们在《王牌播音员》中所看到的种类毫无章法、半即兴式的喜剧发挥得更加出色，而对于好莱坞传记片的种类惟妙惟肖的模仿则更是锦上添花。
kind:种类
Mr. Lee made his comment about the possibility of renewed dialogue during a 90 - minute discussion with a television anchorwoman and a university professor.
李明博在一名电视女主持人和一位大学教授进行的90分钟的讨论中作出了上述有关可能性重启南北对话的评论。
possibility:可能性
The anchorwoman's purse was also missing, and police speculated that she was beaten during a robbery, although there was no sign of forced entry into her home.
另外，女主播的钱包也不见了，因此警方推断她是在抢劫过程中被殴打，虽然现场并没有被人强行入口公寓的迹象。
entry:入口
NewsFeed hopes none of our readers are anchovy pizza or Caesar salad addicts, as fresh little fish may become hard to find.
新闻推送栏目希望我们没有任何哪位是凤尾鱼披萨或者凯撒沙拉的狂热粉丝，因为现在可能很难再找到新鲜的小凤尾鱼了。
none:没有任何
Protein hydrolysate was abstracted from anchovy Engraulis japonicus using an enzymatic method, and its amino acid composition and in vivo anti- hyperlipidemia action were investigated.
采用化学分析、氨基酸作品分析及动物体内实验等方法，进行了鳀鱼蛋白水解物的一般成分、氨基酸作品和抗高血脂作用研究。
composition:作品
So voluminous is this collection, which ranges from paintings and scrolls to ancient porcelain and statues, that only a fraction of it is ever on display at once.
这是如此浩繁，收藏，其范围从绘画和滚动古代瓷器和塑像，只有它的一小部分是显示一次有史以来。
collection:收藏
Why does he go against the traditional Ancient Near Eastern practice of primogeniture, inheritance by the first born?
为什么他要违背传统古代近东的惯例,也就是长子遗产制，由第一个儿子遗产？
inheritance:遗产
THE most ancient of all societies, and the only one that is natural, is the family: and even so the children remain attached to the father only so long as they need him for their preservation.
所有社会形态中最古老的一就是家庭，家庭也是唯一自然形成的社会。即使这样，对于孩子而言，只有在他们还需要父亲保护的情况下，他们才继续依附于父亲。
one:一
That ’s a very ancient idea, the linkage of sex and death.
这是一个非常古老的理念，将性和死亡连锁起来。
linkage:连锁
Others, such as summary information or constrained list (on the bottom of figure 2), are best suited for ancillary placement because they depend on other context - setting values for their display.
诸如摘要信息或约束列表（位于图2的底部）之类的其他的组件最适于辅助布局，因为它们的显示依赖于其他的上下文设置。
Others:其他的
Violin Concerto in E minor, Op. 64: II. Andante - Allegro non troppo (A Month In The Country.
影片《乡村一月》：门德尔松《E小调小提琴协奏曲，作品64》中的行板-非太快的快板。
non:非
Everyone has the quality of androgyny. The indefiniteness of the androgyny is just a world trend in general. The androgyny has spied out the nature of human being.
每个人身上都存在着男女两性素质，两性边界的模糊正存在世界潮流的一个总体趋势，双性同体存在一种对于人类最本质的窥破。
being:存在
What Li did possess was attitude, originality and a proud androgyny that defied Chinese norms.
李宇春所具有的是态度、创意和颠覆了中国传统审美的中性风格。
possess:具有
One of the important elements that formed the complexity of awareness of feminine in The Dream of the Red Chamber is that the author seeks "androgyny". the ideal personality.
形成《红楼梦》女性意识复杂的一个重要因素是作者在无意识中追求“双性同体”的理想人格。
complexity:复杂
And when it comes to judging results, the mentor is always on the lookout for numeric and anecdotal evidence of improvement.
而当提到判断结果时，指导者总是小心改进的数字的和轶事的证据。
lookout:小心
Perhaps the present concern with the values of liberal arts education portends an intellectual anemia.
现在忧虑大学文科教育的重要性也许意味着患了智力贫血症。
concern:忧虑
Helminth worm infections can give the mothers symptoms such as mild anemia or stomach pain and vomiting. Although many people have no symptoms at all.
感染了虫的妈妈，她们通常有贫血、腹痛或者呕吐的症状，当然许多人并不是同时具有所有的这些症状。
worm:虫
But since the recovery in private demand will be weak, the economy is poised to slip back to anemic growth (well below potential) in 2010, posing the risk of a double - dip recession.
但由于私人需求的复苏将会乏力，2010年的经济仍将返回到贫血的增长（增长完全低于潜在趋势）之中，并形成双头经济衰退的风险。
recession:经济衰退
For example, a certain kind of muscle relaxant for anesthesia will make certain kind of people choke. Finally, scientists found it was because they had certain kind of genes.
例子，某种麻醉用肌肉松弛剂会导致特定的人无法呼吸，最终，科学家发现这种现象的原因在于他们拥有特定的基因。
example:例子
My breathing grew so shaky that the anesthesiologist gave me oxygen and then, thankfully, put me back to sleep.
我的呼吸变得断续紊乱，麻醉师给我戴上氧，然后，我又睡着了。
oxygen:氧
The diagnosis of autonomic neuropathy has clinical importance for the anesthesiologist managing the patient in the perioperative period.
自主神经病变的诊断对糖尿病病人围术期麻醉管理很重要性。
importance:重要性
Able, her counterpart on the flight, died from an allergic reaction to an anesthetic during a procedure shortly after the landing.
同行的还有一位贝克的“同事”埃波，只是这只猴子在着陆后不久，因对麻药过敏而不幸身亡。
anesthetic:麻药
The Prince of Persia refers in Daniel to some huge angelic super human being who actually rules Persia.
在《但以理书》中，波斯王子指的存在,统治波斯的某种巨大的天使超人。
being:存在
For example, in an urban setting, crimson burgundy roses, such as' Tuscany Superb'and'Munstead Wood ', look great interspersed with grasses and other contemporary plants, such as Angelica gigas.
例子在城市中，可以选用深红色玫瑰，'超级托斯卡'或是‘曼斯特德伍德’，和当归或是其它时令植物间种的话会收到不错的效果。
example:例子
Objective :To observe the effect of Astragalus and Angelica extract on mice model of WBC.
目的：观察黄芪和当归不同配伍提炼物对造模小鼠白细胞的影响。
extract:提炼
Sibu Diet: In the development stage, such as a lack of blood can take medicine, the spleen soup plus Modified Siwutang tune up blood. Angelica can also be eaten.
食补药膳：在发育期如气血缺少，可服食中药「归脾汤」加「加味四物汤」调补气血。也可以食用当归。
lack:缺少
Of course, a donation to a charity for anger management wouldn't go amiss, either.
当然，他要是为一个进行怒火管理的慈善机构机构捐款也是个不错的主意。
charity:慈善机构
This is called intractable or severe angina, the severity of which is designated by classes.
这被称为难以治愈的或严重的心绞痛，严重程度被级别指定。
severity:严重程度
Short sleep duration was associated with angina, while both sleeping too little and sleeping too much were associated with heart attack and stroke, the study says.
这项研究还说,心绞痛与短时间的睡觉眠过程相关,而睡觉得太少或睡觉得太多同样与心肌梗塞及中风相关联。
sleep:睡觉
Now China is angling to be first to exploit a source of minerals that has tempted and frustrated dreamers for almost 150 years: the floor of the deep sea.
现在，中国调整了战术并决定首先开采海底的矿物质资源。近150年以来，这一资源让世人一直觊觎却屡战屡败。
minerals:矿物质
Others with close ties to the regime who have developed reputations outside the country and have since defected are now angling for a role.
其他的与政府有着密切关系、在利比亚国外树立了声望并倒戈的人如今都在谋求一官半职。
Others:其他的
So how did the portrait come to be in the hands of a leading Anglo - Irish family, and how did it go unnoticed?
肖像是怎样会落到这个重要的英格兰-和爱尔兰的家人的手里以及它是怎样会被人们所忽视的呢？
portrait:肖像
The result was that there were Celtic believers with their traditions and Anglo - Saxon believers with their traditions plus Roman church influences and others.
这样的结果就是百花齐放——除了罗马教会与其他的教会的影响，凯尔特信徒和盎格鲁-撒克逊信徒都有各自的传统。
others:其他的
I don't want Deutschland über alles, because I'm an Anglophile, But my Francophone is broken, it won't be ringing for a while.
我不想要“德意志高于所有的”，因为我是个亲英派，但我的法语风坏了，最近一阵不会再响。
alles:所有的
The Angolan government spent millions of dollars registering voters and funding the campaign.
安哥拉政府耗费百万美元用于选民登记，资助竞选。
millions:百万
Angolan fisheries authorities, says the report, have had their boats rammed and sunk by illegal trawlers, whilst other pirates have hurled buckets of boiling water on boarding parties.
该报告说，安哥拉渔业当局的一些船只曾被非法渔船撞沉，而其他一些掠夺式捕捞者曾向登机的核查人员投掷盛满沸水的水桶。
boarding:登机
In this space also lies our anguish of self defeat, of inaction, indecision, of not getting on with life itself.
在这个空间也存在着我们的自己挫败，不作为和迟疑，以及无法与生活和谐相处的痛苦。
self:自己
Sit with how that makes you feel. Pay attention to where you feel the physical discomfort. What does the mental anguish feel like?
感受一下这个谎言让你有什么感觉。注意力一下你的身体哪里会感觉不舒服，你的精神上的痛苦是什么样的？
attention:注意力
In rotation, force becomes torque, mass becomes moment of inertia, and acceleration becomes angular acceleration.
在回转时，力变成力矩，质量变成转动惯量，加速度变成角加速度。
rotation:回转
Geologists involved in the 2005 study suspect that the impact upturned bedrock, pushing it outward and breaking much of the rock into angular fragments, or breccia.
参与2005年那次研究的地质学家们怀疑，撞击翻转了下层的岩石，将它们朝外推出，并且大多角砾岩成棱角分明的碎片或者角砾岩。
breccia:角砾岩
Belgian animal rights group is calling on men to do without underwear on Friday, in protest of what it says are unnecessarily painful piglet castrations.
这周五，比利时一个动物权利保护组织号召男人不穿内裤反对阉割小猪时不用麻药造成不必要的痛苦。
protest:反对
A Belgian animal rights group is calling on men to do without underwear on Friday, in protest of what it says are unnecessarily painful piglet castrations.
这周五，比利时一个动物权利保护组织号召男人不穿内裤反对阉割小猪时不用麻药造成不必要的痛苦。
protest:反对
This week, the renowned primatologist Dr Jane Goodall urged the EU to do more to promote other routes to cures. She advocated a Nobel Prize for alternatives to animal testing.
本周，享有盛誉的的灵长类动物学家珍古德（JaneGoodall）督促欧盟多做一些促进其他治愈途径的工作，并且主张为动物实验替代设立一块诺贝尔奖牌。
cures:治愈
You can animate position, color, shape, size, rotation and other elements at the property level.
你可以设置动画的位置，颜色，形状，尺寸，旋转和其他属性级别的因素。
size:尺寸
3D Effects: Easily transform and animate any display object through 3D space while retaining full interactivity.
3D特效： 在保持完整交互性的同时，可以很轻松地让任何展示对象进行变换及生成动画效果。
display:展示
At the heart of the animation code is the animate () function, which changes any numeric CSS style value over time.
animate()函数是动画片代码的核心，它用于更改任何随时间变化的数值型的CSS样式值。
animation:动画片
From then on I always animated with two views of my character always showing, so that I could always tell if the animation was working from all sides.
从那以后，我就一直用两个视图做动画片，以保证我的角色能得到展示，所以我总是说要动画片就在所有视图工作吧。
animation:动画片
However, by the end of the semester, I noticed the more principles I applied to my work, the better the animation.
然而，到学期结尾的时候，我注意到如果在我的作品中应用的这些原则越多，动画就越好。
end:结尾
Because of the realistic look of computer animation, an animator need to be aware of how far to push the motion. The motion should match the design of the character and the world.
因为计算机动画片的写实视觉，一个动画片师需要知道让运动到什么样的程度，该运动应该与角色的设计相匹配并与它所处的的世界相协调。
animation:动画片
With computer animation, I learned to work down the hierarchy of the model, and as I went, created separate keyframes for the different controls at each level of the hierarchy.
通过电脑动画片，我学会了顺着模型的层级工作，当我做的时候，在每一个层级的级别为不同的控制器创建出分离的关键帧。
animation:动画片
This is a very basic example of what you can accomplish using X3D, without delving into the more advanced issues like lighting, animation, and scripting.
这是一个非常基本的例子，展示了可以使用X3D实现哪些功能，而不用深入钻研更高级的问题，例子打光、动画和脚本。
example:例子
Some academics believe the Zeppelin is real but it has also been suggested the aircraft is an early example of animation puppetry.
一些学者相信这个齐柏林飞艇是真的，但是它也显示这个飞行器只是早期电影动画片道具的一个样本。
animation:动画片
Sensors under the platform, and cameras, recorded the movements of the women's ankle and knee joints.
平台下的传感器和照相机会记录她们运动时踝和膝关节的受力情况。
ankle:踝
In recent years, however, he struggled with foot and ankle injuries.
但近几年来，他一直受脚伤和踝伤病的困扰。
ankle:踝
Between this and the lower leg bone is a natural recess known as the sinus tarsi, which allows ankle flexibility.
在这块骨头和小腿骨之间的是一个天然的凹槽，被称为“跗骨窦”，它决定了踝的灵活性。
ankle:踝
I made the mistake of sitting cross legged on the floor without cushions. My ankle put pressure on my other leg ’s shin bone which was a small ache to begin with but eventually grew into a nasty pain.
我第一次冥想的时候犯了一个错误，就是没垫垫子地盘坐在地上我的一个踝放在另一只脚的胫骨上，这使得我开始感觉有点疼痛，最终却变得异常疼痛。
ankle:踝
Many of our products are used to repair the spine, the foot, the ankle and other orthopedic areas.
我们的许多产品用于治疗脊椎，脚，踝，的疾病，也可用于其他可整形区域。
ankle:踝
In my heart I had no doubts; I knew that Orpheus wouldn't miss a chance to claim his place in the annals of eternity.
可我心里一点都不疑惑：我知道，俄耳甫斯是不会错过争取他在来世编年史中的地位的。
doubts:疑惑
But so far, none of the Annex I parties has voluntarily committed to a 40% target.
但到目前为止，还没有任何一个附件一所列国家主动承诺减排40%。
none:没有任何
Fairbairn says that the DAMA experiment could be sensitive to dark matter particles that do not self- annihilate, which might explain why it is seeing something and others are not.
费尔贝恩说，DAMA的试验可能对不会自行湮灭的暗物质粒子有所反应，因此DAMA的试验可能可以解释为什么它可以看到某些事物，而其他的的则不能。
others:其他的
For example, you may write a personal love letter on the birth of a child, an anniversary, special thanks for favors done, or for any reason that you can find.
例子，你可以在孩子出生时、纪念日写一封个人情书，也可以因自己所受的宠爱或者任何你能找出的理由致以特别的感谢之情。
example:例子
Once you have that, you can then annotate the URL with any other useful information that you find out about it (for example, its author).
一旦有了URL，您就可以用找到的有关它的任何其它有用信息（例子，其作者）来注释URL。
example:例子
For example, one module could extract or annotate a person from the text, while another tries to find relationships between these annotations.
例子，一个模块从本文提取和注释人员，另一个模块查找这些注释之间的关系。
example:例子
Write the ability to add an annotation to the data into the web site database so that you can annotate the data in the database.
添加向网站数据库中的数据写入注解的功能，以便你能够注解数据库中的相关数据。
annotation:注解
In this case, the annotation could incorporate parameters related to the concern.
在这里，注解可以与关注点有关的参数相结合。
annotation:注解
Acquire the specified text and annotation image filename from the data array, and write the specified text to the image.
从数据数组中采集指定的文本和注解图像文件名，并把指定的文本写入到图像中。
annotation:注解
I really only need one indicator, be it a JNDI name or an annotation, to let me know if it is local or remote.
我确实只需要一个指示器，可以是JNDI名称或者注解，就可以知道该接口是本地接口还是远程接口。
annotation:注解
Register the annotation file into Transcoding Technology itself, using the XML Configuration tools.
用XML配置工具将注解文件注册到代码转换技术本身。
annotation:注解
Looking back at Listing 7, notice that its annotation declares that it supports asynchronous processing and sets the timeout.
回头看看清单7，注意它的标注声明它支持异步加工，并设置了超时时间。
processing:加工
In this instance, the addition of annotation adds another dimension, resulting in a three-dimensional signature space.
在这个例子中，添加的注释加入了另一维，从而成为三维签名空间。
addition:添加
This might be the announcement of a new plan on an issue of interest to voters or an appearance at a symbolic location.
这些新闻可能是就选民关心的议题公告一项新计划，或者是在某一有象征意义的地点露面。
announcement:公告
The code in this table is a little more complicated because it constructs a table row for each announcement.
这个清单中的代码稍微有点儿复杂，因为它要为每个公告构造一个桌子行。
table:桌子
Normally, after an announcement of inaction the dollar / yen rate tends to be stable.
通常，在公告不采取措施后，美元/日元汇率倾向于保持稳定。
announcement:公告
Dick Morris suggested that before I made a formal announcement I should go on television to acknowledge the mistakes that led to my defeat and ask for another chance.
迪克.莫里斯建议，在正式公告参加竞选之前，我首先要在电视上承认导致我上次失败的那些错误，请求选民们再给我一次机会。
announcement:公告
With today's announcement the president signaled to the American people that he has no intention of bringing home anymore troops.
总统今天公告的消息向美国人民发出了一个信号，那就是他不想再让更多军人返回家园。
announcement:公告
ANNOUNCER: Called an outpost of tyranny on Europe’s last dictatorship by the US Government, Belarus has for more than a decade, been under the rule of President Alexander Lukashenka.
播音员：被美国政府称为欧洲最后一个专政专政的边区村落，白俄罗斯，十年来一直在亚历山大•卢卡申科总统的专政统治之下。
dictatorship:专政
ANNOUNCER: For most foreign correspondence, the end of a posting means packing and shipping belongings home.
播音员：对于大多说驻外通讯记者而言，结尾报导意味着他可以需要收拾行李，打道回府了。
end:结尾
But among Hawaiians, skepticism is mixed with annoyance and even anger that their state, hypothetically at least, could be a testing ground.
但是在夏威夷岛民中，也有抱着怀疑论态度夹杂着烦恼甚至愤怒的人，他们认为岛州至少在假想中会成为一个试验场。
skepticism:怀疑论
In a grantor - retain annuity trust, for example, much of the future growth in the value of, say, a small business or investment real estate happens beyond the reach of Uncle Sam.
例子使用让予者保留年金信托的话，资产（比如：一个小企业或是对房地产的投资）未来增值的绝大部分可以免税。
example:例子
Many Yushchenko supporters took to the street wearing orange or carrying orange flags and began protesting, leading to an annulment of the vote and a new vote.
众多Yushchenko的拥护者们涌上街头，穿着橙子服饰，挥舞着橙子旗帜游行抗议，最终迫使政府重新进行投票。
orange:橙子
There was also a joint annunciation denunciation from the two leaders of the government of Zimbabwe.
两位领导人还联合告发了津巴布韦政府。
denunciation:告发
Anoint them just as you anointed their father, so they may serve me as priests.
怎样膏他们的父亲，也要照样膏他们，使他们给我供牧师的职分。
priests:牧师
After you put these clothes on your brother Aaron and his sons, anoint and ordain them. Consecrate them so they may serve me as priests.
要把这些给你的哥哥亚伦和他的儿子穿戴，又要膏他们，将他们分别为圣，好给我供牧师的职分。
priests:牧师
Anoint Aaron and his sons and consecrate them so they may serve me as priests.
要膏亚伦和他的儿子，使他们成为圣，可以给我供牧师的职分。
priests:牧师
And even more specifically, we will expect both neighbors of an anomalous point to be either strongly higher or strongly lower than the candidate point.
更具体地说，我们认为一个异常观点的两个相邻观点比参考观点或者特别高，或者特别低。
point:观点
The bright colors on the blue background indicate that an anomalous signal was received here on Earth by a radio telescope involved in a Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI).
在蓝色背景上的明亮颜色表明在地球上收到了一个不寻常的信号，它来自于搜索地外文明计划（SETI）的一台射电望远镜。
Search:搜索
If your research does not generate papers, it might just as well not have been done. aInteresting and unpublishedois equivalent to anon- existent.
第二个问题，拿老外的话说，如果没有形成论文的话，就表示你目前所做的工作是不存在的的。
existent:存在的
Cyclodelic's anorak is a blue soft shell, with gold zips; Ana Nichoola's military ruffle is a demure green, with pleats on the rear.
Cyclodelic公司的风衣运用柔软的蓝布面料搭配金色拉链；而AnaNichoola公司的军绿色褶皱风衣则是庄重的绿色，与其后部的一些褶皱相得益彰。
rear:后部
Standing in the centre of the room, still in her anorak, she listened to the sound of the water boil and felt the house adjust itself to her presence.
站在厨房中央，仍穿着风衣的她听着水被煮沸的声音，感觉到房子是为她一个人而在场的。
presence:在场
Alice, now a young ambassador for eating disorders charity B - eat, gives a worrying insight into the mind of a child anorexic.
爱丽丝现在是一个饮食失调慈善机构组织B-eat的大使，对有关儿童厌食症的观念表示担忧。
charity:慈善机构
Gray worked for him in the early months of his campaign for some time, then became disillusioned, freaked out and joined another party.
格雷在他活动的头几个月曾为他工作过一段时间，后来幻想破灭而很快加入了另一方。
campaign:活动
You just open a TCP / IP connection, ask a question, and get an answer back.
您打开一个TCP/IP联系，提出一个问题，然后返回一个答案。
connection:联系
Social networks are for conversation, so when your Facebook fans post messages and information on your Facebook wall, answer back.
网络社交就是一场对话，所以当你的F网友给你发信息或消息时，请给他们回复。
messages:消息
Despite understanding the mechanics of the ants' movements, researchers can only guess as to why this particular species of ant developed gliding skills, while others did not.
尽管理解蚂蚁的活动力学,但研究者还是猜测为什么只有这一特定种类的蚂蚁有发达滑翔技巧,而其他的的没有。
others:其他的
"That's rich," laughed the barber." You and a million other people trying to see him. He'll look the size of an ant.
“你真搞笑”，理发师笑道，“你和成千上万的人一起去见教皇，你只能远远地看他，就像蚂蚁一样尺寸。
size:尺寸
The risk factors of VAP include prolonged ventilation, contaminated ventilator circuits, application of antacid therapy, body position and abuse of antibiotics.
其易感因素包括通气时间、污染的通气管路、抗酸剂的应用、体位及虐待抗生素等。
abuse:虐待
Result: Nosocomial pneumonia of cerebrovascular accident attack rate is positive correlation to age, conscious disturbance, bulboparalysis, stay a gastric tube, incision of trachea, antacid.
结果：脑血管事故患者院内获得性肺炎发病率与年龄、意识障碍、延髓麻痹、停留胃管、气管切开、制酸剂等因素呈正相关。
accident:事故
Certainly a few humanitarian missions will not overturn centuries of antagonism, nor are they likely to bring revolutionary changes to Japanese foreign policy.
当然了，只是一些人道主义援助并不能变化数世纪的对抗，也不太可能变化日本的对外政策。
changes:变化
The GO training program included instructions in how to make an anonymous death threat to a journalist, smear an antagonistic clergyman, forge phony newspaper clips, plan and execute burglaries.
守护者办公室的训练大纲包括教导如何匿名对记者进行死亡威胁，如何诽谤对立面的神职人员，如何锻造假剪报，如何策划并实施盗窃。
forge:锻造
Usually, thickening of the artery walls is a sign of age; however, young people with antagonistic traits already had thickening of the artery wall, she added.
她还说：“通常动脉血管内膜加厚是老龄化的标志；但对抗性强的年轻人动脉内膜也会加厚。”
thickening:加厚
Goiania's zoo, which houses about 600 animals, closed its gates on 21 July after the deaths of 47 animals, including a lion, a jaguar, two hippos, an ant -eater and a caiman.
哥亚尼亚动物园拥有大约600只动物，在有47头动物死亡人数后于7月21日关闭，死亡人数的动物包括一头狮子，2匹河马，一只食蚁兽和一只凯门鳄。
deaths:死亡人数
By engendering feelings of impotence, guilt and damnation, the Christian doctrine of original sin denigrated life on earth to waiting in an ante-chamber which led to some other -worldly existence.
有罪和诅咒使人产生一种萎靡的感觉，基督教义中的原罪是在诋毁这世上的生命，让他们在通往另一个世界的门前等待。
guilt:有罪
In the antechamber, three violins and a flute softly played quartettes by Haydn.
在候见室里有三把小提琴和一支长笛在轻声演奏着海顿的四重奏。
flute:长笛
For example, the roll -out of the new third -generation wireless phones and related community - wide antenna RF emissions in the Netherlands caused almost immediate public complaints of illness.
例子，在荷兰随着第三代无线手机的推出和相关的覆盖社区的天线射频辐射，导致了几乎是立刻出现的的公众疾病抱怨。
example:例子
It can be divided into anterior (eyelashes and follicles) or posterior (meibomian gland orifices) inflammation.
它可被分为前部（睫毛及滤泡）或后部（睑板腺开口）炎。
inflammation:炎
Areas of the visual cortex responsible for recognizing complex visual scenes as well as the anterior cingulate gyrus, which governs attention and motivation, are also active during REM sleep.
视觉皮质位于（脑前部）前扣带皮层既负责处理复杂的视觉场景，又控制注意力和行动方式，此外也激活睡眠中的快速眼动快速眼动.有趣的是，这个（前扣带皮层）在前面的皮层区域与思考和判断有关；
REM:快速眼动
The solution for authors is to sell more than just the book. They sell the uncut version, or the notes, the shorts, an audio version, an anthology, etc.
解决方案的办法是这些作家们不能仅仅只卖电子书，他们还要卖未删节的版本，笔记、短篇小说、有声版本，文选等等。
solution:解决方案
This week sees the publication of a new anthology aiming to encourage young people to get interested in – and angry at – corruption in its many forms and guises.
这个星期新出版物了一本漫画集，目的是使年轻人对形形色色的腐败现象和腐败伪装产生兴趣，也意欲激起他们对腐败的愤怒。
publication:出版物
Why haven't authorities, having spent millions of dollars, including a lot spent on the wild goose chase after Hatfill, been able to even identify the source of the anthrax?
美国政府已经花费掉百万美元了，其中包括在哈特费尔之后的一些荒谬无益的做法，为什么到现在还没有权威的部门来识别炭疽(病)的来源呢？
millions:百万
“One of the reasons I went there was to study a system where men don't have the kind of power we are used to in the West ,” said Evelyn Blackwood, an anthropology professor at Purdue University.
“我去那儿的其中一个目的是研究这样一个体系，在这个体系中，男人并不享有西方世界里的种类权利，”伊芙琳•布莱克伍德说，她是普度大学的一位人类学教授。
kind:种类
She became interested in anthropology -- the study of the origin, development and actions of humans.
她开始对人类学感兴趣，人类学学习人类起源、发展和社会活动。
study:学习
The form of this argument varies, but in general terms it rests on a rejection of the idea that religion requires belief in anthropomorphic supernatural beings.
这种对无神论批评家的指摘虽然形式各异，但一般来说都是基于否认一个观念，即宗教要求人们信仰超自然的拟人体。
belief:信仰
Here, he holds the “keyhole ” design, which he calls“ just silly and anthropomorphic .” It’s not recommended that you stick your head through the hole.
索林斯的枕头上有一个“锁孔”，这只是无聊、拟人化的设计，不推荐你真的把脑袋塞进去。
keyhole:锁孔
Instead of attributing its creation to anthropomorphic gods, they sought rational explanations.
他们不是把世界归因为拟人化的神的创建，而是要寻求一个合理的解释。
creation:创建
After Bush’s defeat, the Republicans were more anti -tax than ever, so few, if any, of them would vote for any plan I put up with new taxes in it.
老布什竞选打败后，共和党人比以前更加反对加税了，他们很少有人会投票支持我提出的包含新增税收的计划。
defeat:打败
The anti- patterns and recommendations given in these sections could also be of interest to users of other modeling notations.
这些部分中介绍的反模式和建议还可能受到采用其他造型符号的用户的关注。
modeling:造型
In this configuration, maintenance in one cluster necessarily impacts the operation of any others, so this practice is one I consider to be a classic anti- pattern.
在此配置中，一个集群中的维护必然影响任何其他的集群的操作，因此我认为此实践是经典的反模式。
others:其他的
But the forecasts do not take into account one of the most striking trends in recent years — the reversal of antibiotic effectiveness.
但是这些预测并没有考虑到近年来最惊人的趋势之一，也就是抗生素效力的下降。
effectiveness:效力
All the experts SciDev .Net spoke to emphasise the importance of raising awareness of the problem of antibiotic resistance both in the medical community and amongst patients.
在本网络记者采写本文过程中，所有专家都强调，提高医疗界和病人对抗生素耐药性问题的认识非常重要性。
importance:重要性
Another possibility is that human antibiotic use has promoted the circulation of resistance genes to other species.
也可能性是因为人类使用了抗生素，所以加速抗药基因在物种间的循环。
possibility:可能性
"We got the same antibody reaction as the others, without the adjuvant," says the head of the company, Alan Shaw, former head of public health at Merck.
“我们不使用佐剂就得到了与其他的添加佐剂的疫苗同等的抗体反应”，说公司负责人艾伦肖，默克前公共卫生负责人。
others:其他的
Post mortem, the standard diagnostic technique is to detect rabies virus antigen in brain tissue by fluorescent antibody test.
在尸检时，标准的诊断技术是通过荧光的抗体试验检测脑组织中是否存在狂犬病毒抗原。
fluorescent:荧光的
But intervention is itself a sign of failure, a failure to anticipate the moment of crisis.
但是干涉本身就是国家失败的标志，是一个可以预期危机的失败。
intervention:干涉
For example, setting properties on shareable connections is not allowed because a user of one connection handle might not anticipate a change made by another connection handle.
例子，不允许在可共享的连接上设置特性，这是因为一个连接句柄的用户可能无法预见由其他连接句柄做出的更改。
example:例子
You try to anticipate everything in advance, but in the course of testing, you always learn something new and have to change the plan to incorporate new or changed (or deleted) tests.
您试图进步预料每一件事，但是在测试期间，您总是了解到一些新的内容，并且不得不改变计划，结合新的或变更的（或删除的）测试。
advance:进步
The new strategy calls for foreign capital to fund China's capital formation in anticipation of earning profits from richer Chinese consumers in the future.
新的战略要求外资为中国的资本编队融资，这是基于在外资预期将来从富裕的中国消费者身上赚取利润。
formation:编队
Anticipation is a skill that all great photographers draw on when searching for the right moment to press the shutter.
每一个优秀的摄影师都能预期即将发生的事情，借此寻找按动快门的最佳时机。
Anticipation:预期
The activity of such figures very often has an anticipatory character: something that the dreamer himself will do later is now being done in advance.
这种身体的活动常常会有预期的特性：作梦者自己以后会做的事，现在进步就在做。
advance:进步
After this gruesome tale the easing of the siege comes as an anticlimax.
在这段令人毛骨悚然的故事之后，围城突然开始缓解，事态总算没有发展得更糟。
siege:围城
Double leg rotates slowly, delimit in sky the circle of dish size, suitable hour hand and anticlockwise direction turn 10 times each, control is down, put at the body two side.
双腿慢慢旋转，在空中划盘子尺寸的圆圈，顺时针和逆时针方向各转10次，手心向下，放于身体两侧。
size:尺寸
The direction of rotation is often constant in a species; for example, Convolvulus always rotates in an anticlockwise direction.
在特定的物种中旋转的方向是恒定的，例子旋花科植物总是逆时针方向旋转。
example:例子
Lower level of southeastern China is governed by anomalous anticyclone. The sink motions favors the higher than normal temperature. The probability of the occurance of heat waves is higher, too.
我国东南部上空低层仍然受异常反气旋控制，下沉气流有利于地面气温偏高，极端高温出现的概率也偏高。
occurance:出现
ObjectiveTo explore the influence on the rehabilitation of nervous function of anti- depressant therapy in early stage of post - stroke with depression.
目的探讨早期抗抑郁治疗对脑卒中后抑郁患者神经功能复原的影响。
rehabilitation:复原
Take a10 - 30minute walk every day. And while you walk, smile. It is the ultimate anti- depressant.
每天要抽出10-30分钟散走，走的时辰要连结微笑---这是最佳的抗抑郁药。
walk:走
Because our body produces a surge of powerful chemicals during the excitement of sex binging acts as a momentary antidepressant blotting out pain and flooding us with feelings of well - being.
因为，在性激动期间，我们的身体里的某些成份会急剧增加，过度性爱就成为一种持续时间很短的抗抑郁剂，掩盖疼痛并让我们感到幸福。
excitement:激动
The acupuncture worked just as well as the antidepressant Effexor to curb hot flashes.
在抑制潮热方面，针刺的效果和抗抑郁药文拉法辛一样好。
acupuncture:针刺
Bupropion is a prescription medication classified as a type of antidepressant. A sustained- release form of bupropion is approved for smoking cessation.
安非他酮其实是一种抗抑郁的处方制剂，但它能够发布一种成分被证明对戒烟是有利的。
release:发布
The chemical, ethylene glycol, is widely used in products from polyester fibres to antifreeze for cars.
乙二醇目前广泛应用于各种产品中，包括聚酯纤维纤维和汽车防冻剂。
polyester:聚酯纤维
But some can be found at your local hardware store, though in inedible products like low tox antifreeze, silicone caulk, soap, sunscreen, and play sand.
但某些化学物质可以在五金店里找到，虽然是在不能吃的产品中，如低氧化性的抗冻剂，可防漏的硅酮树脂，肥皂，防晒霜和沙子。
silicone:硅酮
Antigen - antibody complexes may be chemotactic for phagocytes, or they may activate complement, a process that produces both cell lysis and substances chemotactic for neutrophils and macrophages.
抗原抗体情结，可为吞噬细胞趋化，也可以激活补体，在这个过程既产生细胞裂解也有中性粒细胞和巨噬细胞对物质的趋化作用。
complexes:情结
Grape Seed OPC will be activated in the histamine - releasing hormone release about the moment active, blocking the activation agent, inhibiting production of histamine, play a role in anti- allergy.
葡萄籽OPC会在组织胺发布素被活化即将发布的瞬间活跃起来，阻断活化剂，抑制组织胺的产生，起到抗过敏的作用。
release:发布
Were it possible to locate natural botanical products that had both anti- inflammatory and antihistamine properties, then one might find natural cures for allergic rhinitis.
如果可以找到那种既有抗炎又有抗组织胺性能的自然植物萃取物，那么你也许就能从自然界中找到治愈过敏性鼻炎的有效方法。
cures:治愈
However, it's rare to find antimatter in our universe, since it annihilates almost instantly when it comes into contact with matter.
然而，在我们的宇宙里很少找到反事情，因为一旦它碰到正事情，即刻就会湮灭掉。
matter:事情
This NASA illustration is a still from an animation depicting how thunderstorms on Earth can create beams of antimatter particles and hurl them into space.
NASA的这个解释仍然出之于动画片，它描述了地球上的雷暴雨能够产生反物质的粒子束，并把它们掷进太空。
animation:动画片
Consciousness is the engine of all creation, all matter and antimatter, and it forms many other realities besides your Earth.
意识是所有造物、所有物质和反物质的动力，而且它还创建了众多不同于你们地球形式的其他实相。
creation:创建
Hepatology Digest: The reason I ask is that there is a bit of a mixed message here. Red wine is promoted as a good anti- oxidant for example.
《国际肝病》：之所以我这么问是有一点潜藏在这里，例子红酒被作为一种良好的抗氧化。
example:例子
Selenium is critical for the production of glutathione peroxidase, the body's primary antioxidant that is found in every cell.
硒是生产谷光甘肽过氧化物酶的关键，在每个细胞中找到的人体主要的抗氧化剂。
peroxidase:过氧化物酶
Led by Venezuela ’s Hugo Chávez, large parts of Latin America are swinging back toward dictatorship and following the pattern of Peronism, with its historical antipathy toward America and capitalism.
以委内瑞拉总统雨果•查韦斯为首，拉美大部分地区又恢复了专政专制，以其历来对美国和资本主义的反感重蹈庇隆主义的后尘。
dictatorship:专政
I have my own small collection of antiquarian books and first editions my self".
我也收藏了不少古书和初版书。
collection:收藏
For example, many countries are concerned about the lack of access to antiviral medicines and the antiquated production methods for human influenza vaccines.
例子，许多国家对缺乏获得抗病毒药物的渠道和对人类流感疫苗的生产方法过时表示担忧。
example:例子
Natural color fabrics like Dirty Aid a, Mushroom, Natural Light, Brown Un dye d, Chestnut, etc. make ad design look old fashioned, classic, or antiqued.
喜欢脏阿伊达，蘑菇，自然光，布朗染色，板栗等自然色织物使设计看起来古老，经典的，或仿古。
classic:经典的
At the end of the trip, they read a statement that they wrote and signed together condemning without reservation Holocaust denial and all other forms of anti- Semitism.
参观结尾时，他们宣读了一份共同起草和签名的声明，毫无保留地谴责否认大屠杀的言论以及其他各种形式的反犹太行为。
end:结尾
Yet, despite these reservations the world remains remarkably tolerant of anti- social behaviour in the markets and in the wider business environment.
不过，尽管有这些预订意见，世界对市场和整个商业环境中的反社会行为仍异常宽容。
reservations:预订
These could include antisocial traits and lack of emotional warmth for example.
这些可能包括反社会的特征，例如缺少情感温暖。
lack:缺少
Once one twin married, his antisocial behaviour tailed off rapidly. The bad behaviour of his bachelor brother continued unabated.
孪生兄弟中一旦其中有一个结了婚，他的反社会行为就会迅速减少。那个仍是学士的兄弟，将继续他的不良操行。
bachelor:学士
Having the application development team concerned with ORM is the antithesis of encapsulation and decoupling.
让应用程序开发团队关心ORM是与封装及解耦对立的。
decoupling:解耦
Our audit checks for the presence of the Code Red fix, checks for anti- virus software, and extracts its version.
我们的审计检查了“红色代码”修订是否在场，检查了反病毒软件并且抽取出它的版本。
presence:在场
For example, a scheduled anti- virus scan may pop up a dialog blocking the GUI you are testing.
例子，一次预定的反病毒扫描可能弹出一个对话框来阻止正在测试的GUI。
example:例子
Ordinary PC users are being advised to keep their anti- virus software up to date and watch for news about the worm.
建议广大的普通计算机用户更新你的防病毒软件并关注有关虫病毒的新闻报导。
worm:虫
For performance reasons, antivirus software is best avoided -- which means that for security reasons, you can't allow a network connection to the machine.
出于性能考虑，最好避免使用反病毒软件 ——这就意味着为了安全起见，不能将该机器联系到网络。
connection:联系
Objective To study the rehabilitative effect of velvet antler polypeptides - PLGA compound membrane on peripheral nerve injury.
目的：研究鹿茸多肽-人民解放军复合膜对周围神经损伤修复的促进作用。
PLGA:人民解放军
An antonym is a word that means the opposite of another word.
反义词意味着表达了和另一个单词的对面的对立的一面。
opposite:对面的
Push a lubricated dildo in and out of your anus with one hand, and either rub your clitoris or use a vibrator on your clitoris with the other hand.
用润滑剂涂抹假阴蒂后，用一只手握住放入肛门，做进出运动。另一只手同时刺激阴蒂或者用振动器刺激阴蒂。
clitoris:阴蒂
NOTE: Symptoms of anxiety may not appear for weeks or even months after an earthquake, and can affect people of any age.
笔记 ：焦虑症状可能在地震的数周或数月后出现，并且对任何年龄的人群都可能造成影响。
NOTE:笔记
We can have sex at the other levels, but without that same level of trust the vulnerability of sex may be associated with anxiety, fear and distrust.
我们可以有其他层次的性爱，但缺少同一层次对性爱脆弱性的相信可能带有焦虑、恐惧和不相信。
trust:相信
Abruptly, she looked up at him, and he saw in her eyes that his determination and anxiety and readiness were flowing into her through the thing he held, and that they had become her own.
突然，她抬起头看着他。他从她的眼睛里看到了他的决心、焦虑和做好准备就绪了的状态正通过他抱着的小东西流入到她的身上，而且这些都变成了她自己的了。
readiness:准备就绪
In these circumstances I am not anxious to make even a showing of courage; my one thought is to get away as rapidly and safely as possible.
在这样的情况下，我一点都不急切表现出表面的的勇敢，我的一想法就是如何从中尽可能快速与安全的抽身。
one:一
Anyplace that a database query uses a value, the same approach allows the possibility of a SQL injection attack.
在数据库询问可以使用数据值的任何地方，同样的方式都有可能导致SQL注入攻击。
query:询问
But let me use the term "event" anyway, employing it with caution and as if in quotation marks.
但是无论如何我还是使用，“事件“，这个词，警告谨慎地使用它，带引号地使用。
caution:警告
As one goes up the other goes up as one goes down the other goes down. It might be the other way around, anyways there is a correlation here.
就像一上去了，另一也上去,一下来另一也下来，这可能是相反的，不管怎么说，有相关性。
one:一
Anyways, if you are one of the fortunate few to have a spacious 3000 sq. foot office cubicle you can pick up this little gadget thinkgeek .com for $11.99.
不管怎样，假如你是拥有3000平方米宽敞的办公室小隔间的少数幸运的人之一的话，那你可以上thinkgeek.com挑选这个小玩意，价格$11.99元。
sq:平方米
Anyways, employers are wrong if the overtime hours of their workers exceed the regulations.
但劳动观察员来检查，雇员就会解释说工人和雇主达成了协议，他们自愿随着时间的推移。不管怎么样，要求工人随着时间的推移超过法律规定，雇主就是不对。
overtime:随着时间的推移
I love to run just to see the data, but I would be running anyways without this watch.
我是喜欢跑步如同手表数据，但是我没有这个手边我已然可以在任何地方跑步啊。
watch:手表
The dynamical behaviors of controlled AOB system are given by computer numerical simulation.
利用计算机模拟模拟了受控后声光双稳系统的动力学行为。
simulation:模拟
The tumor often spread to the adjacent structures in descending sequence: carina, tracheo- bronchus, descending aorta, azygos vein, pericardium, aortic arch.
瘤外侵最常累及的部位依次为隆突下、气管、降主动脉、奇静脉、心包和主动脉弓。
tumor:瘤
Despite no major disease outbreaks so far in quake -hit regions, health and epidemic prevention efforts continue apace.
虽然地震灾区还没有爆发重大疾病，卫生防疫工作还是在快速进行当中。
apace:快速
But by doing some science fiction experiments, we can take them apart and ask ourselves, Which one do I think is me?
但通过做一些科幻实验，我们可以把它们分开，并问自己，我认为哪一才是我？
one:一
This ensures that reflections from different places are easier to tell apart, because they do not blur into one another.
这样保证从不同地方思考回来的光更容易区分开，因为他们不会变模糊一片。
reflections:思考
Residents say it is worse than the townships created by the white minority government before the end of racial apartheid in 1994.
甚至有居民说，目前小镇上的状况比1994年种族隔离制度结尾前少数白人执政时期还糟糕。
end:结尾
He said the party earned his vote the moment it brought an end to apartheid and kept his loyalty by providing housing, schools and basic services to his community.
他说这个党赢得选票是因为它结尾了种族隔离制度，并且通过对自己社区提供住房供给、学校和基础设施的方法使他保持忠诚。
end:结尾
On his release in 1990, he led negotiations with apartheid rulers, a process that culminated in his election as the country's first black president in 1994.
1990年出狱发布后，他领导了与种族隔离统治者的谈判，该进程以他1994年成为这个国家第一位黑人总统而画上完美的句号。
release:发布
Genovese was a young woman in Queens who was stabbed to death outside an apartment house none of whose residents came downstairs to see what the screaming was about.
Genovese是一个住在皇后大街的年轻姑娘，她在一间公寓前被刺死，而没有任何一个人出来看看惊声尖叫的原因。
none:没有任何
If there are times that you cannot avoid certain people, certain incidence from happening in your life be apathetic.
如果说有的时候,你无法躲避开生活中的某些人和正在发病率的某些事情,那么你就冷漠处之吧。
incidence:发病率
Food Suggestions: Ideal as an aperitif, with poultry kebab -skewers, or grilled sausages, accompanied by mixed salads.
作为餐前开胃酒十分理想的，与烤禽类肉串、烤香肠搭配，并佐以沙拉鲜美可口。
Ideal:理想的
This behavior is the cultural rape of aphasia and the current release, but also can be understood as it is an effective immediate solution to the problem.
此行为即是对文化强奸与当下失语症的试释，又可以理解为它也是一种对当下问题行之有效的解决方法。
aphasia:失语症
These images are from an 86 year old man, with a history of atrial fibrillation and diabetes mellitus, who had the sudden onset of fluent aphasia.
这些影像来自一位86岁的老年男性，具有心房纤颤和糖尿病的历史，突发流利性失语症。
aphasia:失语症
Objective To investigate the role of communicative theory patterns with aphasia patients in neurosurgery.
目的探讨沟通理论在神经外科失语症病人中的运用价值。
aphasia:失语症
Methods 60 stroke aphasia patients were divided into treatment group and control group randomly. The cases in control group were trained by traditional language rehabilitation training.
方法60例脑卒中失语症患者随机分为观察组和对照组，对照组对患者进行传统的语言康复训练；
aphasia:失语症
No matter where, they like to find a tea shop, stand in soft music, watch dazzling array of menu has been simply my surprise had aphasia.
无论去到哪，都喜欢寻找一间奶茶店，立在柔和的音乐中，看着琳琅满目的菜单，一向干脆的我竟然失语症了。
aphasia:失语症
I began to aphasia. Hiding in own corner of stability and calm.
我开始失语症。躲在自己的角落安定从容。
aphasia:失语症
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between the location of cerebral infarction and the type of aphasia.
目的：探讨病变部位对失语症症类型的作用，并分析两者之间的关系。
aphasia:失语症
There are several traditional herbs under study for their aphrodisiac properties, and three leading contenders are yohimbe, tribulus and maca.
现正在学习几种传统草药的春药特性，最主要的三种是育亨宾、蒺藜和玛咖。
study:学习
If M were the Earth, capital M, then we would call the point of closest approach "perigee ," and the point farthest away from the Earth, we would call that" apogee ."
如果M是地球，最方法地球的,点叫做“近地点“,离地球距离最远的,叫做“远地点
approach:方法
Depth of puncture can be deduced according to interval of apogee of malar archs.
根据颧弓最高点间距可推算卵圆孔刺时刺针进针的深度。
puncture:刺
Apologetics (from the Greek apologia: a defense) is that branch of Christian theology which seeks to provide a rational justification for the truth claims of the Christian faith.
护教学（从希腊语apologia：自我防御）是基督教的一种寻求去为了为宣扬基督真理的信心尔提供的理性辩护。
defense:防御
With that in mind, I would like to apologise now, in advance and on behalf the whole press room, for any typos that may crop up in the coming months.
从这种意义上来讲，我现在想道歉，进步并代表整个新闻发布室的同仁，为今后数月内可能出现的拼写、打印出的错，表达我们的歉意。
advance:进步
Objective To investigate the curative effect of acupuncture on apoplectic dyskinesia.
目的观察针刺治疗中风运动障碍的疗效。
acupuncture:针刺
Imagining the apoplexy that would seize him if he read the petition, I hesitated for a moment before signing.
想象一下，如果他看到这份请愿书，估计会像中风了一样定在那里，在签约之前我也犹豫了一下。
signing:签约
Objective To explore the neurological disease care in rehabilitation nursing of cerebral apoplexy patients nursing experience and clinical curative effect.
目的探讨神经内科疾病护理中复原护理对脑卒中患者的护理体会和临床疗效。
rehabilitation:复原
So attach importance to full play to the function of spleen transporting is an important side for curing dementia after apoplexy.
因此重视发挥脾主运化的功能，是治疗中风后痴呆的一个进口方面。
importance:进口
The fourth line is particularly troubling because not only is the apostrophe missing but so is the substitution parameter.
第四行特别麻烦，因为不仅遗漏了撇号，而且还遗漏了代换参数！
substitution:代换
For example, users may need to enter a single quote (or apostrophe) as part of a person's name.
例子，用户可能需要将单引号（或省略号）作为人名的一部分输入。
example:例子
When I finally began to have doubts and looked more closely at the evidence, I was appalled.
但当我最终开始对此疑惑并对证据进行更进一步研究后，我震惊了。
doubts:疑惑
Georgia has profited from significant government reforms to the security apparatus, including greater transparency and accountability, as well as a clampdown on endemic corruption.
格鲁吉亚通过有效的政府改革和购买安全装置，得到了发展，这其中包括扩大透明度，落实问责制，取缔地方腐败。
corruption:腐败
Think of all the fun you two could have picking out intimate apparel together.
试想一下，如果你们两个人一起选出衣服，那该是多么乐趣。
fun:乐趣
When Clara made her entrance, it was like the apparition of a goddess. I know it was a stupid thing to think —and it’s a stupid thing to say — but that ’s how it was.
当克拉拉幻影在门口时，她看上去就像是尊女神的幽灵，我知道这样想或这样说很愚蠢，但我就是那种感觉。
apparition:幻影
Since the apparition was not of someone or something, familiar appearing to him in an unfamiliar guise.
因为那个幽灵并不是以某种陌生的外表幻影在他面前的一个常常幻影的人或物。
apparition:幻影
As soon as one arrived on the spot, and caught sight of it, it was impossible, even for the boldest, not to become thoughtful before this mysterious apparition.
当你到达现场见到了它，最勇敢的人，见到这神秘的东西幻影在眼前，都免不了会沉思默想起来。
apparition:幻影
If you ask me, learning a few relaxation techniques sounds like a more appealing illness - prevention strategy than many other alternatives.
如果你问我，比起其他替代方法，学习一些松弛的技巧似乎是更为吸引人的预防生病的策略。
relaxation:松弛
The new study may make estrogen more appealing, but it should be just "one part of the equation," says Shaywitz. Still, it's a memorable one.
这项新研究可能使雌激素的作用更吸引人，但它应该只是“这个综合问题的其中一因素”，施威茨是这样说的。
one:一
However, the lack of blood and iron in the meat gives it a pale appearance nothing like a fillet of beef or pork.
然而，这块肉里面缺少血和铁，导致它只有一个苍白的外观，看起来一点都不想猪牛的里脊肉。
lack:缺少
It would allow the sharp-witted time to choose appeasement, defence or possibly even pre - emptive attack.
这给了我们足够的时间去选择是缓和局势，或是防御，甚至是可能的先下手为强。
defence:防御
A statement from Porsche said that they saw their departure “as a significant contribution to the appeasement of the situation and to support the forming of an integrated car manufacturing company .”
保时捷发表了一个声明说，唯德金和Härter认为他们的离开是“对缓和局势以及支持合并的汽车制造公司成型的重大贡献”。不需要为他们两个过多流泪。
forming:成型
A slightly downcast expression of shame is an appeasement gesture that hints at a need for sympathy.
略带耻辱的悲哀表情是一种暗示着自己需要同情的安抚姿势。
shame:耻辱
By analyzing we can see that there are different functions and bound for the observation -point, appellation and narrator in the study of works.
通过比较分析我们可以看到，“观察点”、“叙述者”、“称谓”在学习文学作品时，各有自己的功用，也有它们各自的适用范围。
study:学习
Only by a thorough study, we can give the appellation of the popular vocalise a more abundant connotation.
只有在对于这种唱法深入学习的基础上，才能够给予“通俗唱法”名称以更加丰富的内涵。
study:学习
For example, you can append information directly to a remote file by piping the output from the command to an SSH on a remote host (see Listing 7).
例子，您可以直接将信息附加到远程文件，方法是通过管道将输出从命令传输到远程主机上的SSH（请参见清单7）。
example:例子
You can specify where you want this new extension to be placed (in terms of PVs); just append the PV you want to use to the command.
可以指定扩大部分的位置（也就是，用哪些PV 提供新的空间）；只需将希望使用的PV附加在命令后面。
extension:扩大
Replacement operators ensure that malicious scripts can't append SQL into queries to override the existing code and get access to data that they shouldn't see.
替代品操作符确保恶意脚本不能将SQL附加到查询中覆盖现有代码，访问它们不应该看到的数据。
Replacement:替代品
Append another column, and place a button in the middle row.
另外附加一柱子，并将按钮放到中间行。
column:柱子
If you decide to forgo free space in the table space, you might want to consider using APPEND YES for the tables in the table space.
如果您决定放弃表空间的空闲空间，您可以考虑对表空间的桌子使用APPENDYES。
table:桌子
This means that you can run the data collection, and then immediately open a PMR and append the output file to it.
这意味着，可以运行数据收藏然后直接打开PMR，即可将输出文件附加到此PMR。
collection:收藏
Use APPEND ON when possible: To increase the efficiency of insert processing, if there is no need to physically cluster data in a table, use APPEND ON in the table definition.
尽可能使用APPENDON：要提高插入加工的效率，如果不需要物理集中表数据，那么在表定义中使用APPENDON。
processing:加工
For example, you can attach corresponding user - experience storyboards, class diagrams of participating entities, related business rules, and so on, as appendices to your use - case specifications.
例子，你可以附加相应的用户体验情节串连图板，参与实体的类图，相关业务规则等等，作为你的用例规格的附加描述。
example:例子
Let's start with the obvious things: the tutorial portion of K&R is a mere 177 pages. This is followed by 40 pages of appendices, which serve as a highly abbreviated reference section.
先从最明显的地方开始，K&R的教程部分只有177页数，随后是40页数的附录，附录是极其简明的参考。
pages:页数
The WS - RM specification's appendices were updated to reflect the changes to the specification in the schema and sample message exchanges.
WS-RM规范的附录被更新来反映规范在schema和消息交流示例上的变化。
exchanges:交流
Kent provides us with his experience in an elegant and concise format (the entire book, with appendices, is 156 pages). He does not give rules, but gives values, principles, and rules of thumb
Kent以优雅简洁的方式为我们分享了他的经验（全书加附录共156页数）。
pages:页数
Another possibility is that we are stuck in an evolutionary Catch-22 where, as the appendix shrinks, appendicitis becomes more likely, favouring its retention.
另一种可能性是我们处于一种进化的第22条军规困境，随着盲肠的萎缩，阑尾炎的发病率会更高，所以盲肠就保留了下来。
possibility:可能性
As a colleague of mine says: if all infants were born with their appendix externally located, we'd snip it off at birth.
但我的一个同事说：“如果所有的婴儿在诞生时阑尾长在外面，我想在诞生时就要割掉。
birth:诞生
NOTE: Appendix C shows all the automated tools we used in developing the product discussed in this article.
笔记：附录C展示了本文讨论到的我们在开发产品中所使用的自动化工具。
NOTE:笔记
He spent a lot of money in satisfying the appetite for excitement and amusement.
他花钱如水，以求满足激动和欢娱的欲望。
excitement:激动
For luxury goods makers, the new rich are an appetizing prospect.
对奢华制造商而言，新富阶层是令人垂涎的目标客户群。
luxury:奢华
In addition to letting members of Congress know now, he could reiterate the request for minimal applause at the beginning of the speech.
除了让国会成员们立刻知道这一点之外，他还可以在演讲开始时反复要求听众们尽量少鼓掌。
request:要求
The audience here in the hall has promised to remain silent, no cheers, no applause, no noise of any kind, except right now, as we welcome Senators Obama and McCain.
大厅中的观众都已经承诺保持沉默，即不干杯，不鼓掌，不发出任何形式的噪音。除了现在--让我们欢迎议员奥巴马和麦凯恩。
cheers:干杯
Of course I have nothing against Apple. If they say in advance no tethering, those who work on that should expect to be banned.
当然，我不反对苹果，如果他们进步说没有约束，那些开发者就会想到他们的应用可能会被禁止。
advance:进步
Apple sauce might steal the attention from the mushroom, cheese and bacon in the burger for many, but the whopping half pounder patty is what caught my eyes!
对许多人来说，苹果酱有可能把蘑菇、起司、以及培根的风采抢走。但是我注意力到的是那个半磅又嫩多汁的汉堡肉啊！
attention:注意力
Have you had a grilled pineapple topped with grilled apple sauce on your burger?
你有尝试过热腾腾的苹果酱淋在汉堡包里的炭烤凤梨片上？
burger:汉堡包
The first implementation of init_ticket() allows the applet to be played with, without any real server support.
第一个 初始化票()的实现允许在不需要任何服务器支持的前提下，对那个applet 进行操作。
init_ticket:初始化票
width, height: The width and height, in pixels, in the browser's display to reserve for showing the MPEG - 4 movie player applet.
height：在浏览器的展示区域中为展示MPEG-4电影播放器applet 而保留的宽度和高度，以像素为单位。
display:展示
Since none of us are that handy and we also had a prior bad experience with appliance repair, we decided to buy a new washer.
由于我们没有任何一个人擅长修理，并且之前有过一次糟糕的电器修理经历，我们决定买个新的洗衣机就。
none:没有任何
This localization might be complex and, in fact, be far from the expectations of an appliance.
这个本土化工作可能会非常复杂，事实上可能远远超过设备的预期情况。
localization:本土化
The assumption during exemplar authoring is that the exemplar is written to all applicable best practices, guidelines, conventions, and so on.
范例创作期间的假设在于，该范例是按照所有适用的最佳实践、指导方针、约定等等来创作的。
authoring:创作
When running a pattern against a model with this extension, this pattern will show up on a list of applicable patterns for this model.
当针对一个模型运行具有这种扩大名的模式时，这个模式将显示可适用于这个模型的模式的列表。
extension:扩大
The kinds of the coating hard alloy cutter and one's development which be introduced briefly. And then describing advantages for it is applicator in the cutting.
对一些涂层硬质合金刀具的种类及发展作了简单介绍，并阐述了涂层硬质合金刀具在切割加工中的应用状况。
cutting:切割
For each one they have analyzed the time it takes from the moment data comes to when it can be applied to the business.
对于每一流程，他们都仔细分析了从数据进入那一刻，到该流程能够应用到业务中时所需要的时间。
one:一
This helped ensure that our education efforts could be applied across a variety of platforms, so that we had an easy exit strategy if we wanted to go in another direction.
这也确保了我们的教育成果可以在不同平台下得到应用，这样，在我们想出口某一策略去尝试另一个方向时可以轻易的完成。
exit:出口
So if I had a spare moment, I would hold the applique in front of the camera, at one corner, and shoot a couple of frames with a 24- millimeter lens, showing the ducky in its latest context.
因此我一有空，就会在一个角落里拿出这个小鸭贴花，将它举起在镜头前，以20毫米的镜头喀嚓拍两张，让小鸭出现在照片中的最正面。
front:正面
Transfer paper is mainly used for transfer locating of applique and marks on motorcycles, vehicles, containers, railway transport containers.
定位纸主要贴花于摩托车、汽车、集装箱、铁路运输箱、设备等贴花、标识的转移定位。
applique:贴花
Learn how to apply the applique letters with expert tips in this free craft video.
学习如何运用在这个自由工艺视频专家尖端，贴花信。
tips:尖端
We want to create a spell where we appoint English coaches and Fabio can help us enormously to bridge that gap and help that transition.
我们想要建立一个拼写那些任命的本土教练和卡佩罗可以最大程度上的弥补这一差距，有助于这些转变。
spell:拼写
Think of all the STDs, then think about how hard it is to schedule a gyno appointment.
想想所有那些性病，接着想想要与一个女人般乳房的男人预约是好难。
appointment:预约
It was not our right to apportion power like that ,” he writes.
我们无权这样分摊权力，”他在书中写道。
apportion:分摊
Being apposition of human being and the way of human being, history and practice are present in the state of the mutual objective existence of each other and create each other in their interaction.
历史与实践存在人类存在和存在方式的同位语，两者互为对象性而存在着并在其相互作用中互相创造。
being:存在
The theme of" disillusion "in the urban fiction is composed of three levels :li fe, living and being, and includes two narrative structures" linear dev elopm ent" and "transverse apposition ".
三十年代都市小说中的“幻灭”主题可分为“生活”、“生命与生存”及“存在”三个层面，以及“线性发展”和“横并置”两种叙述结构，不同的叙述模式的背后都有相应的文化意味。
transverse:横
While drawing the world's attention to recent successes, the Report offers a candid appraisal of major hurdles, such as the high rate of maternal and newborn mortality overall in the Region.
在吸引全世界注意力最近的这些成功之时，报告对主要的障碍，例如该区域孕产妇和新生儿的高死亡率等主要障碍做出坦率的评估。
attention:注意力
One of the outcomes of this presidential review was a pretty realistic appraisal of what is possible, what is doable; and that should be an important element that informs one's strategy.
这次总统评价的结果之一，就是对哪些是可能实现的，哪些是能够做到的进行了相当实际的估计。这对于确立相应战略是很关键的一个因素。
appraisal:评价
One of the goals, if not the most important goal, of the performance appraisal and review process is to motivate employees.
业绩评价和审核过程的目标之一——也许不是最重要的目标——就是激励员工。
appraisal:评价
We highly appraise the positive progress and the unremitting efforts made by the OAU for the peaceful solution.
作为埃厄两国的友好国家，中国对此表示由衷的高兴和欢迎，并对非统为和平解决方案冲突所作的不懈努力及其取得的积极进展予以高度评价。
solution:解决方案
Instead, it is better to'positively appraise' the cause of your stress with acceptance and humour as these are the most effective coping strategies for people dealing with failures.
相反，“积极评价”你产生压力的根源会更合适，以验收和乐观的态度来面对，是人们面对失败和挫折最为有效的方式。
acceptance:验收
In real estate, for example, you canhire a professional appraiser to do it for you.
例子你可以雇一名职业的评估师来对房地产进行估值。
example:例子
Then you ’re one of the lucky ones, and you should appreciate how lucky you are.
如果你的答案是肯定的，那你是那些幸运者，你应该感谢自己有多么的幸运。
ones:那些
Be appreciative and say "thank you" for any gift you receive. In the age of e- mail, a handwritten thank -you note can have a powerful effect.
要懂得珍惜，并且对任何收到的礼物都要说“感谢”。在使用电子邮件的年代，一个手写的感谢信有意想不到的效果。
thank:感谢
Their concern, and the concern of the society, is that when the police apprehend a suspect, that man or woman is not sent to jail or condemned to die without due process of law.
法院所忧虑的，也是社会所忧虑的，是当警察逮捕一名嫌疑人时，那个人不会未经法律正当程序而被监禁或被判处死刑。
concern:忧虑
The only way to protect our citizens and apprehend terrorists before they execute their plans is to know what they are planning in advance.
保护在恐怖分子实施他们的计划之前保护我们的公民，抓住恐怖分子的唯一办法是进步知道他们的计划。
advance:进步
So, it's a combination of jubilation from here, apprehension about the future, and worry about family and loved ones who are in some of the zones of conflict.
因此这是那些从这里庆祝,对未来的忧虑,担心在战乱地区的家人和心爱的人的结合。
ones:那些
Graduates need the kind of real world experience and knowledge that could only come from an apprenticeship or, sometimes, a strong internship program.
毕业生们需要实际的经验和知识，那只能来自于学徒生涯或者有时会来自于大型的学徒制项目。
apprenticeship:学徒制
In the course of solving that problem, they may uncover others. She takes the same approach with each new problem.
在解决问题的过程中可能会发现其他的问题，她会采取同样的方法面对每个新问题。
others:其他的
Designed to be more approachable, NEUTRAL is a reassessment of the traditional power drill to make it easier for non -handy people like myself.
拥有更加亲切的设计，NEUTRAL为传统电钻做了一个新的诠释。对于像笔者这样非熟练的人来说，电钻更加易于使用。
non:非
The boutique expresses a world of luxury, importance and elegance as originally but through a design language that is more approachable, lightly enjoyable, and bright and unbelievably etiquette.
这个精品店呈现出一个以奢侈、尊贵、优雅为根源，通过设计语言使它更亲切、轻松、明亮，但仍保有细致周到的奢华店的空间氛围。
luxury:奢华
A man dressed in black with a slightly unkempt goatee and eyes curious and clear, Joseph is startling yet approachable.
他一袭黑衣，山羊胡子胡子稍显蓬乱，目光好奇而坚定，夺目却又显得十分平易近人。
goatee:山羊胡子
He has the deep tan of a dedicated snowboarder and a salt-and- pepper goatee that gives him a casual, approachable air.
他有着执著于滑雪运动造就的晒得油亮的肤色和椒盐般的山羊胡子胡子，给人一个轻松的、平易近人的氛围。
goatee:山羊胡子
A little attention, however, will convince us that even in these cases our approbation is ultimately founded upon a sympathy or correspondence of this kind.
然而，只要稍稍注意力一下你就会发现，即使在这种情况下我们的赞同态度最终还是建立在同情或者一致的基础上。
attention:注意力
OK, only do this when appropriate … but if you have a loved one in your life, give them a hug!
好吧，这个只是适当的时候才做。但如果你有爱的人，请别吝啬给他们一拥抱！
one:一
To provide insights for these interests, we will have to delve deeply into issues of the processes and mechanisms of value creation unconstrained by assumptions regarding rent appropriation.
为了能这些利益有一个深入了解，我们将不得不深入探究价值创建的过程和机制，并对此就利润侵吞的方面，进行自由假设。
creation:创建
The government will present both versions to all political parties before it introduces the legislation in parliament for its approval next month.
印度政府首先将把双方草拟的法律向各个政党介绍，然后在下个月把它们提交给议会赞同。
approval:赞同
If you indicated that the fulfillment should be immediate, the deployment process begins directly after the approval.
如果您指定马上执行，那么这个部署过程会在赞同后立即开始。
approval:赞同
Her slow rehabilitation speeded up just over a year ago when she was ranked, with government approval, one of the Top International Friends of China.
她的平反进行得很慢，只是在一年多之前，经政府赞同她被列为“中国最佳国际友人”之一，平反才得以加速进行。
approval:赞同
In the next part of this article, I will go through some more parts of the BPEL4J language and illustrate their usage by adding more activities to the loan approval example.
在本文的下一部分，我将讲述更多关于BPEL4J语言的内容，并且通过向贷款批准示例中添加更多活动来阐述如何用法它们。
usage:用法
Normally, all fiscal decisions are made by Congress, with the approval of the president.
正常情况下，所有的财政决定都要由国会作出，由总统赞同。
approval:赞同
For example, some companies want to approve every employee who registers on the site, while others prefer a self- service process where each employee must know a company code or password to register.
例子，一些公司希望批准每个在站点注册的员工，而其它公司可能更需要自服务的流程，每个员工必须知道公司代码或密码才能注册。
example:例子
In this example (see Figure 1), a customer sends a request for a loan; the request gets processed, and the customer finds out whether the loan was approved.
在这个示例（请参见图1）中，客户发出一个贷款要求；要求得到处理，然后客户弄清楚贷款是否得到了批准。
request:要求
Another example: Only the president can negotiate treaties, but treaties cannot be put into effect unless approved by two-thirds of the Senate.
再例子：只有总统能够谈判签订条约，但条约必须经过参议院三分之二多数的批准才能生效。
example:例子
The kindergarten's application for fee revision for 2007/08 school year is under processing. The approved school fees will be uploaded to the web- version once ready.
幼稚园调整2007/08学年学费的申请，现正在加工当中。当审核完成，获批核的学费将在网上版上显示。
processing:加工
The appeal from the kindergarten to the approved school fees for the 2009/10 school year is under processing.
幼稚园就获批核的2009/10学年学费提出的上诉申请，现正在加工当中。
processing:加工
Results In this survey, 91.1% of parents approved for school CSA prevention education, but 40. 1% expressed some worry about this education which can induce children learn too much about sex.
结果在被民意调查的家长中，91.1％的家长赞成学校开展预防儿童性虐待教育，40.4％的家长担心这种教育可能会导致儿童对“性”知道得太多。
survey:民意调查
Once you have worked with your boss for a while, you should be able to guess what information he will want before approving your purchase order, for example.
例子，你和老板一起工作了一段时期后，你就应该能猜出他需要什么信息来批准你的采购订单。
example:例子
This section describes getting the applications set up within WI and the ongoing function of approving user requests for access.
此部分描述如何在WI中加载应用程序，以及批准用户访问要求的持续工作。
requests:要求
The human tasks within these business processes, for example, approving or reviewing requests, needs to be presented to the right people, at the right time, in a way that minimizes decision latency.
这些业务流程中的人工任务（例子，批准或检查请求）需要在适当的时候分配给适当的人，以最大程度地减少决策延迟。
example:例子
The idea is to reward not only for exact matches, but also for approximate matches (as a percentage).
这一思想不但“奖赏”精确火柴，也“奖赏”近似火柴（如百分比）。
matches:火柴
Although experts caution against looking at the index as a reliable measure of corruption, they say it does provide a rough approximation of where countries stand in relation to each other.
虽然专家们告诫说，不要把这种指数视为措施腐败的可靠方法，但他们认为这种指数确实提供了国家间相互比较的大致近似值。
measure:措施
The nice thing about the Apple algorithm is that you can lay out a page of text for print, and on screen, you get a nice approximation of the finished product.
它的算法有一个好处，就是当你在电脑中打开针对打印品的设计稿，你在屏幕上看到的，与最终打印出来的样子很接近。
print:打印
A complex of structures roughly the size of an apricot, the two major sections are the thalamus and hypothalamus.
一个复杂的的大约有杏仁大小的结构，两个主要的部分分别是丘脑和下丘脑。
complex:复杂的
Refined Hua Cake is made in either two or three layers, with each sandwiched with refined glazed fruits, such as preserved apple, peach and apricot.
最终完成的花糕会有两到三图层，夹图层中一般有类似苹果、桃子和杏等干果。
layers:图层
More than 100 blossoms opened on an apricot tree at the film processing plant in the city on that same day.
同日，在平壤一家胶片加工厂内100多花在一棵杏树上盛开。
processing:加工
A dragon like rock formation created from thousand years of erosion. When I returned there last April, the dragon's head has collapsed for unknown reason.
几千年的腐蚀创造而成了一条像龙的岩石编队。去年四月，当我回到那儿，这条龙的头部由于不明原因而倒塌了。
formation:编队
However, from television revealing that spaghetti grows on trees to advertisement for left- handed burgers, the tradition of April Fool's Day stories in the media has a weird and wonderful history.
然而，从树上长出了意大利细面条的电视新闻到左撇子汉堡的广告，媒体在愚人节制造的各种稀奇古怪的恶搞新闻也有一段“光辉”历史了。
spaghetti:意大利细面条
For instance, a British short film once shown on April Fool's Day was a fairly detailed documentary about "spaghetti farmers" and how they harvest their crop from the spaghetti trees.
比如，在愚人节那天，曾经有一部英国短片较为详细地记录了“种意大利细面条的农民”，以及他们如何从意大利细面条树上收获意大利细面条。
spaghetti:意大利细面条
From television revealing that spaghetti grows on trees to advertisements for the left- handed burger, the tradition of April Fool's Day stories in the media has a weird and wonderful history.
从种植意大利细面条的电视新闻到左撇子汉堡的广告，媒体在愚人节制造的各种稀奇古怪的恶搞新闻也有一段“光辉”历史了。
spaghetti:意大利细面条
Or, to paraphrase more apropos to the subject at hand, "Transitioning to a new platform is pain, Mr. CTO.
或者，为了更恰当地解释这个主题，可以这样说：“过渡到一个新的平台是疼痛的，CTO先生。
pain:疼痛
Such people are ones that you turn to for guidance, knowledge and apropos wisdom about life.
作为那些良师益友来指引你成为全知并充满智慧的了解生命的意义。
ones:那些
It is especially apt to take up residence in a household, jumping from one family member to others.
它特别容易落足于一个家庭，从一个家庭成员身上跳到其他的成员身上。
others:其他的
Objective To construct the seamen's vocational aptitude test (SVAT) for selection and placement of the seamen.
目的为选拔放置船员编制“船员职业能力倾向测验”（简称SVAT）。
placement:放置
The light comes from female firefly squid, which spawn in spring, then die and wash ashore, their tentacles lit like millions of aquamarine LEDs.
这种光来自雌性萤火虫鱿鱼，它们在春天产卵，死后，被冲上海岸。它们的触须像百万碧绿色LED灯似地闪亮。
millions:百万
Aquamarine Power, for example, expects its Carbon Trust - backed “Oyster ” device to eventually generate up to 1MW for 8 -9p per kWh, a cost more comparable with that of offshore wind.
例子，被低碳基金支持的蓝宝石能源的“牡蛎”设备预期最多可以以8～9p/kWh的功率产生1兆瓦的能量，但其成本类似于海洋风力发电。
example:例子
Aquamarine Power has unveiled the latest design of its Oyster wave energy device which it claims can generate up to 250 per cent more energy than its previous model.
蓝宝石能源已经推出最新的Oyster海浪发电系统，这一新装置可以将原来的发电效率提升250%。
wave:海浪
A school of fish swims past the underwater research laboratory Aquarius, located 62 feet (19 meters) beneath the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary.
鱼群游过位于佛罗里达群岛国家海洋保护区下方62脚（19米）的宝瓶座水下研究实验室。
feet:脚
Furthermore, the sign of Aquarius would bring continuous fortunes with the passage of time i.e, each day brings a symbol of prosperity and luck.
随着时间的流逝，每天，水瓶座将带来持续不断的财富，并且每天都能够带来繁荣和运气的象征。
luck:运气
The biggest can reach 100 pounds and 4 feet long, consuming up to 40 percent of their body weight daily in plankton, the base of the aquatic food chain.
他们的体重最大可以到100磅，4脚长，每天吃掉的浮游生物重达自身体重的百分之40。浮游生物是水生食物链的基础。
feet:脚
The result is a “Russian - doll ” droplet that, if the correct oily and aqueous liquids are chosen, can be made permanent by curing some of its layers into transparent polymers using ultraviolet light.
结果便是，如果选择正确的油滴和水滴，这个“俄罗斯娃娃”一样的液滴的一些图层将被紫外光永久地固化在透明聚合物中。
layers:图层
This accounts for its low melting and boiling points and its low solubility in aqueous media, and hence its application in mitigating the bends as a diluent for oxygen in deep- water diving.
所以，氦有低的融沸点和低的水溶性。因此，氦用做深水潜水过程中氧气的冲淡，可减轻潜水症的出现。
diluent:冲淡
We cannot address the water challenges of these countries in isolation. We should use every regional watershed or aquifer as an opportunity for stronger international cooperation.
克林顿表示：“我们不能隔离地看待这些国家所面临的缺水问题，而应利用每个区域性分水线或地下蓄水层作为加强国际间合作的机会。
isolation:隔离
But for each tonne of the liquid, six and a half tonnes of water must be piped from an aquifer more than 70 kilometres away and more than three tonnes of carbon dioxide are released into the air.
但是，每生产一公吨液态煤，就得从70公里以下的含水层中输出六公吨半的水，排放到空中的二氧化碳也将超过三公吨。
tonne:公吨
In the Arab lexicon, the concept of justice means more than democracy.
在阿拉伯词典里，正义的概念比民主含义丰富的多。
justice:正义
Nasser was not an Islamist: he was a secular pan- Arabist socialist, which in the 1950s seemed to put him on history ’s cutting edge.
纳赛尔不是伊斯兰激进分子，却是泛阿拉伯主义的社会党人，这种身份在50年代把他推向了历史的前沿。
1950s:50年代
These social and environmental processes are stressing the world's arable lands and pastures essential for the provision of food and water and quality air.
在这些社会和环境进程中，世界上用于条款粮食、水和空气质量所必要的可耕地和牧场日渐减少。
provision:条款
It is the western - dominated world of the past few centuries that is coming to an end – and with it the west's claim to be the arbiter of what it means to be modern.
而是过去几个世纪西方主导的世界格局即将结尾——随之结尾的还有西方国家自认为的“现代化意义”仲裁者身份。
end:结尾
Although the study of DSSW model confirmed the noise trader obtained more gain than arbitrageur, the arbitrageur restricted the fluctuation of price and the benefit space of noise trader.
DSSW模型学习证实了噪声交易者获得的平均收益甚至要高于套利者，但套利者的存在依然抑制了价格的波动，从而也限制了噪声交易者的获利空间。
study:学习
We remember well a great deal of frustration over a lack of arbitration leading to endless discussions and, occasionally, inappropriate decisions, both on the technical and project level.
由于缺少仲裁而导致在技术和项目层面上无止尽的争论和偶尔不恰当的决策，我们都还能清晰的记得许多这样的挫折。
lack:缺少
Tattersall says it makes sense that arboreal primates may have been "primed," for upright walking on the ground.
塔特索尔说，为在地面直立行走，树栖灵长类动物动物可能已被“预先准备好”。
primates:灵长类动物
She spends half her work time on the restoring the arboretum and organizing class visits, and the other half on her professorial duties.
她把工作时间的一半用来修复这个树木园和组织学生班级访问，另一半用在履行她的教授职责。
visits:访问
After this cognitive psychology special (!) they were sent out for a walk - one group around an arboretum and the other down a busy city street - both while being tracked with GPS devices.
在这个认知实验后，要求被试外出走——一组在植物园里，另一组沿着城市的商业街——两组被试都通过GPS装置追踪。
walk:走
High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour, told delegates the high prices and shortages of food were jeopardizing the well-being and rights of countless people.
联合国人权理事会在日内瓦召开这次紧急会议的时候指出，全球粮食危机存在对人权的一次大规模践踏。
being:存在
Shown above is a photo of the sun peeking from behind a building, with a 22 - degree solar halo arc shining around it.
上面显示的那张照片，是在一座建筑物后面窥视太阳时所拍摄的，带有一个22程度的日晕弧在围绕着太阳闪耀。
degree:程度
The Romans were better engineers than the early Greeks and, due to their development of the arch and the vault, were not limited to building these structures on the natural hillsides.
罗马人在工程方面比早期的希腊人更出色，而且由于他们对拱和拱顶地下室的开发，剧场不仅限于建造在自然山坡上。
arch:拱
Photo Tip: Look for natural frames, such as an arch or the shaded walls of a canyon.
拍照小技巧：给构图找一个自然的边框，例如一道拱，或者是峡谷里阴影中的峭壁。
arch:拱
This iconic structure, built in Rome between 70 and 82AD, made spectacular use of the arch - a Roman architectural invention that has the beauty of opening up space but also being very stable.
这个代表性的建筑建于公元70～82年，用拱桥来显得蔚为壮观——这是罗马的建筑发明，它的美丽在于不仅扩大了空间，而且让建筑变得更加稳固。
beauty:美丽
You will see it in the design of a doorway or arch and in the little fountains and quaint balconies.
你可以在门廊或拱门以及小喷泉和古雅的有趣的走廊的设计上看见。
quaint:古雅的
Located in the Black Canyon on the Arizona - Nevada border, this concrete arch - gravity dam —which stands at a jaw-dropping 726 feet tall— at tracts approximately 1 million visitors each year.
这座位于亚利桑那州（Arizona）-内华达州（Nevada）边界黑峡谷的混凝土拱形重力大坝，以令人瞠目结舌的726脚高度站立着，每年吸引了大约一百万的游客。
feet:脚
By contrast, from Burke's perspective the peaceful ceremonies of Britain's archaic heads of state are playful, knowing releases of those same human passions.
相比之下，从伯克的观点来看，英国古代国家元首平静的庆典是幽默的，同样发布了人类的热情。
releases:发布
Unfortunately, some practitioners regard SCM as an archaic and unnecessarily controlling discipline.
不幸的是，一些从业者将SCM看作是一个陈旧的且不必要的控制规程。
practitioners:从业者
There were no great proofs of sorcery in that, after all, but there was still enough smoke to warrant a surmise of fire, and the archdeacon bore a tolerably formidable reputation.
那一切终究不能很有力地校样这是种巫术活动，不过那里经常冒出烟来，于是使人猜想到火，因此副主教就得到一个相当可怕的名声。
proofs:校样
But I am not "yearning" for some archetypal End of Days, because that's not what we face.
但我并没有“向往”什么典型的世界末日，因为那不是我们所要面临的。
yearning:向往
Archetype seems to be exploring the consequences of transferring human thought into thinking machines.
《原型》似乎在探讨将人的思想移植到思维机器中的后果。
thinking:思维
Regardless of his status as an actual flesh -and-blood human being, Shuruppak ’s story involves the archetypical, ancient, and comfortably familiar great flood plotline.
苏鲁巴克虽然实际上存在一个有血有肉的人，但其故事却存在我们耳熟能详的典型的古代大洪水的情节。
being:存在
The atoll —a ring-sh a ped island enclosing a central lagoon — is part of the Tuamotu Archipelago, the largest chain of atolls on Earth.
这个环礁--一个戒指岛屿包围着一个中心礁湖--是图阿莫群岛的一部分，是地球上最大的环岛链。
ring:戒指
Daniel Creedon, head chef and manager of Archipelago restaurant in central London, buys frozen cricket and locusts in bulk from a supplier on the Isle of Wight.
丹尼尔·克里登是位于伦敦中心区的群岛餐厅的大厨和主管，他从怀特岛的一位供应商手里买了大部分的冰冻蟋蟀和蝗虫。
bulk:大部分
I also described a template you can use for your architectural decisions in each of the layers of the SOA.
我还描述了一个模板，你可以用它来在SOA的每个图层上为你的架构进行决策。
layers:图层
For each of these layers, you must make design and architectural decisions.
对于每一图层，你都必须做设计和架构决定。
layers:图层
It helps by defining the elements in each of the SOA layers and making critical architectural decisions at each level.
它通过在SOA的每一图层定义元素以及在每一图层作严格的架构决策来起到帮助作用。
layers:图层
Therefore, we know what requirements that this solution architecture fulfills and what might need to change when the requirements change.
因此，我们知道这个解决方案体系机构满足什么需求，以及当需求变化时需要什么改变。
fulfills:满足
In 2008, they built a “nest ” of branches on the balcony of the Russian pavilion at the Biennale of Architecture in Venice and have exhibited in Paris and Luxembourg.
在2008年威尼斯建筑双年展上，他们用分支机构在俄罗斯馆的阳台上造了一个“鸟巢”，这个作品后来又分别在巴黎和卢森堡展出。
branches:分支机构
The problem with this approach is that some users see such examination as an intrusion, and others feel that how they organize and archive their e- mail is up to them.
这种方法的问题在于，某些用户将这种分析活动视为一种侵入，而其他的用户则认为他们有权利决定如何组织和归档他们的电子邮件。
others:其他的
So he dug out archive photos from early Himalayan expeditions, and then journeyed across ridges and crevasses to photograph from the exact same spots.
因此，他找出了早先喜马拉雅山远征的存档照片，然后横穿冰山山脊和裂隙，从完全相同的地点拍照。
expeditions:远征
You pass through the archway all you can smell is incense burning outside each building in stone troughs.
当你经过拱道时，会闻到建筑外面石钵里正在燃烧的薰香味道。
archway:拱道
Before he left he begged the emperor for a favor--to erect a chastity archway in honor of his widowed mother. His request was granted.
临行前，朱耀宗要求皇上为多年守寡一直不嫁的母亲竖立贞节牌坊。
request:要求
It gives us a movie in which most of the major plot points are simultaneously nonsensical – Why are we suddenly watching a thriller set in the arctic?
这部电影里大部分主要的情节点都同时发生而又是荒谬的——为什么我们会突然看到放在北极的惊险场景？
set:放
For thousands of years the native people living above the Arctic circle in Alaska have depended on hunting bowhead whales and other mammals for their subsistence.
千百年来生活在住在阿拉斯加北极圈内的当地人依靠狩猎北极露脊鲸和其他哺乳动物生计。
subsistence:生计
Tongue-tied by inexperience and by excess of ardor, wooing unwittingly and awkwardly, Martin continued his approach by contact.
由于缺乏经验，也由于过分热情，马丁说不出后来。他只能用碰触的方式下意识地笨拙地方法地。
approach:方法
It is also extensible in case we later need to break phone numbers into fragments, i. e. the "phone" element could have child elements for country code, area code, extension, etc..
而且，当以后需要将电话号码拆成数段时，这个元素还是可扩大的。即 “phone”元素可以有表示国家代码、区代码、分机号等等的子元素。
extension:扩大
I then create an area code block (which computes a rectangle's area) by fixing volume's first dimension (h, for height) as 1.
我创建了一个area代码块（计算长方形的面积），将volume 的第一个维度（h用于表示高度）确定为1。
rectangle:长方形
For example, a zip code lookup relationship might map the phone area code "650" to the zip codes "94010 ,"" 94305 ," and so on.
例子，邮政编码查询关系可以将电话区号“650”映射到邮政编码“94010”、“94305”等。
example:例子
While many Argentinian scientists are encouraged by these moves, others recall the'disappearance' of their colleagues and students during the years of military rule.
尽管许多阿根廷科学家被这些举措而鼓舞，另一些则回忆起那些他们在军事统治时期“消失”的同事。
the'disappearance:消失
The atmosphere is roughly 78 percent nitrogen, 21 percent oxygen, with trace amounts of water, argon, carbon dioxide and other gases.
地球大气含有大约78％的氮气、21％的氧气和痕量的水蒸气、氩气和二氧化硫等其它气体。
dioxide:二氧化硫
Even the prose is weirdly rootless: the multicultural argot of global VIPs who spend their lives at 35,000 feet.
甚至散文都是离奇得无厘头：那是一生都在35000脚高空的全球贵宾们的多元文化暗语。
feet:脚
From the perspective of a satellite, the crater is subtle but discernible — concentric rings in the arid landscape, evidence of an extraterrestrial object crashing into our planet millions of years ago.
透过卫星遥望，陨石坑轮廓细微的但尚能识别——干旱陆地景观之中的一组同心圆结构是百万年前外星物体撞击地球的证据。
millions:百万
Aries can often think about themselves first, after all, they rule the first house of “self ”.
白羊座的人可能通常先想到自己，毕竟，你们是最“自己”的一类。
self:自己
The constant outflow of energy from egotistical Aries masks a sense of insecurity, which has its roots in a lack of self- esteem.
实际上，白羊座经常外露的自负行为下隐藏着一种不安全感，这根源于她们缺少自我尊重的意识。
lack:缺少
Astronomical objects generally don't live up to their names, with constellations like Taurus or Aries bearing little resemblance to a bull or ram.
天体通常“名不副实”，比如，白羊座或白羊座几乎丝毫都不像小公牛或小公羊。
Aries:白羊座
The other difference between the Party Traditionalists and the New Aristocracy was their attitude to luxury brands.
党传统主义者与新贵族的另外一个区别是他们对待奢华的态度。
luxury:奢华
Of course, as the price of sugar came down, others started to follow the fashion first popularised by the aristocracy.
当然，随着糖价格下降，其他的物品也开始跟风，首先将其普及开来的是贵族。
others:其他的
The consolidation of power by the landed aristocracy, legalized by the Magna Carta, made balance of power a unique characteristic within Western political structure and philosophy.
在大宪章的保障下，土地贵族合并了其手中的权利，权力制衡成为西方政治结构和西方哲学的独一无二的特点。
consolidation:合并
Critics can’t resist comparing Alex to “Clever Hans, ” the famous horse whose arithmetical abilities were exposed as learned responses to his trainer ’s subtle cues.
批评者则忍不住把Alex和“聪明的汉斯”—那匹著名的马相比较。这匹马只需要教练稍微一线索就能做算术，且相当训练有素。
cues:线索
Intelligent creatures in any part of the universe would be able to understand a simple arithmetical sequence.
宇宙中任何其他地方的有智力的人都能理解一个简单的数学顺序。
sequence:顺序
Even if there is an ancient, Ark - like object in Ethiopia, he asks, how do you determine it's the one from the Bible?
即使在埃塞俄比亚有这么一长得像约柜的古物，你又怎么确定它就是圣经中的那个？
one:一
With a solarium and organic oats for the horses, and French haute cuisine and an 1880 Armagnac for their owners, the club shows the benefits of Mr Putin's 12 - year rule as president and prime minister.
在这个俱乐部里，马匹匹可以享受到日光浴和有机燕麦，马匹的主人则可以享受到法国高级大餐和1880年的阿玛尼亚克酒。如此奢华，普京在这先总统后总理的12年里一定是赚了不少。
horses:马匹
They were so familiar that at length one alighted on an armful of wood which I was carrying in, and pecked at the sticks without fear.
它们跟我混得熟了，最后有一只山雀飞到我臂下挟着进屋去的木柴上，毫不害怕地啄着细枝。
fear:害怕
Studies the two- piece sleeve drafling and obtains the relationship between the armhole hypotenuse increment and the total easing of sleeve cap line by numerical value method.
本文应用数值方法来学习西装袖的作图，得到了袖笼直度增量与袖山弧线总吃势的关系。
Studies:学习
Yoke height at side seam (underarm) is too high, would like to give some shaping to the the front armhole.
侧骨处的担干高度（夹底处）太高度了，请不要做那么高度并且使前夹形做的好一点。
height:高度
Infantry and armor units are already deploying on the Gaza border.
步兵和盔甲部队已经部署在加沙边界地区。
armor:盔甲
Thanks to the vehicle ’s advanced armor, all of them seemed unscathed.
多亏了先进的车辆盔甲，他们看起来并无大碍。
armor:盔甲
The North ’s weakness in the air and in armor, and chronic lack of fuel, mean its ability to move south is limited.
朝鲜的空军和盔甲部队的弱点，以及长期缺乏燃料，意味着他们南下作战的能力是有限的。
armor:盔甲
He continued on assignment, waiting for a new armour - plated Land -Rover to arrive from England, when he was shot in the stomach.
在腹部被子弹击中后，他仍继续执行任务，同时等待着英国送来一辆新的盔甲钢板陆地罗弗车。
armour:盔甲
Last year, Mr. Drake, who learned the trade at British luxury label Aquascutum, sold the company for an undisclosed price to the Armoury, a Hong Kong menswear retailer.
德雷克本人是通过英国知名奢华企业雅格狮丹（Aquascutum）进入这一行的，去年，他以一个未公开的价格将公司卖给了香港男装零售商Armoury。
luxury:奢华
Occasionally, the "herald" patch may occur in a'hidden' position (in the armpit, for example) and not be noticed immediately.
有时，母斑会发生在隐秘的部分（例子发生在腋窝）并且不能马上被发现。
example:例子
It adjusts in nine different ways, from armrest angle and height to lumbar support.
从扶手角度到腰椎支撑的高度，它可以通过九种不同的方式进行调节。
lumbar:腰椎
China and the United States both appreciate the dangers of escalating tensions and a prospective arms race in East Asia; and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
中国和美国均认识到紧张局势局势升级以及东亚可能发生的军备竞赛所导致的危险以及大规模毁灭性武器扩散的危险。
tensions:紧张局势
Or if you are anything like me you might simply prefer to take the lid off and sniff the aroma.
如果你跟我很相像的话，或者你还可以把盖拧下来闻一下它的芳香。
lid:盖
He wants dental appointments to be less about pain and drilling and more about relaxation, foot massage and soothing aromatherapy.
他希望牙科预约少让人们想到疼痛、钻牙，多想到松弛、足底按摩、镇痛香料按摩等。
relaxation:松弛
The team tested the response of each of the mosquito ’s 72 receptors to more than 100 different odours — some corresponding to fruity scents, others to more aromatic or musty notes.
研究小组测试了这种蚊子72种受体中每一种受体对100多种不同气味的反应，结果发现有的受体对水果的气味有反应，其他的的受体对更为芬芳的气味或发霉的气味有反应。
others:其他的
The green indicates the presence of complex molecules called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
绿色的则表明了大分子多环芳香烃的存在。
green:绿色的
But tensions arose in 2004 over two issues, Russian experts said.
但是，2004年在两个问题上两国关系紧张局势起来。
tensions:紧张局势
And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.
那人就起来，立刻拿着褥子，当众人面前出去了。以致众人都惊奇，归荣耀与神说，我们从来没有见过如此之多的事。
insomuch:如此之多
The sympathetic nervous system — a web of nerves and neurons running through the spinal cord and spread to virtually every organ in the body — is responsible for arousal and excitement.
相对应的交感神经系统，一张贯穿脊椎的由神经和神经元组成的网会将信息传递到身体的每个器官，它是形成觉醒与觉醒的原因。
arousal:觉醒
Tramps seem to be the only exception to this general rule. Beggars almost sell themselves as human being to arouse the pity of passers -by.
在这条普遍的规律前面，好像只有流浪汉存在个例外，乞丐出售的几乎存在他本人，以引起过路人的怜悯。
being:存在
Any technology with the power of synthetic biology is bound to arouse concerns about what happens if things going wrong –by accident or through abuse.
万一出现差错……任何具有合成生物学威力的技术，必将引起担忧：万一出现差错（无论是意外还是故意虐待），将会发生什么情况。
abuse:虐待
Meanwhile, detectives led Mr. Gentles from the 42nd Precinct station house to face arraignment on charges of attempted murder, criminal use of a firearm and armed assault.
与此同时，侦探将小佳带离42警局管辖区，而被收费试图谋杀，用枪支作为犯罪工具。
charges:收费
We suggest that you arrange a visit to some of your plants during our stay in China.
建议你们趁我们在中国期间，安排到你们的一些工厂访问一下。
visit:访问
Yehuda cites transparency, trust, motivation to write better code, and recognition for contributors as some of the benefits of such an arrangement.
对于这种安排的好处，耶胡达举出了几点：透明、相信、写出更好代码的动力，以及对贡献者的承认。
trust:相信
The macro creates an array of variables, one per CPU instance.
该宏观创建了一个变量数组（每个CPU一个变量）。
macro:宏观
Another newspaper, Economic Information Daily, said wage arrears and protests by rail workers had “alarmed ” top leaders in Beijing.
另据《经济参考报》称，工资欠款和铁路工人的抗议已经给北京的高层领导“敲响警钟”。
arrears:欠款
A significant chunk of the "real" lending may have gone into paying wage arrears.
“真实”信贷相当大一部分或许都被用于支付欠款的工资。
arrears:欠款
Such a move would mark a significant departure for policy-makers, who have so far focused on borrowers who have already fallen seriously into arrears.
一些决策者迄今为止只把关注焦点放在已严重欠款还款的借款者身上.但上述举措将有极大的不同.
arrears:欠款
I remember every semester my school fees were in arrears until my mother was able to sell off a basket of eggs.
我记得每个学期的学费都要欠款，直到母亲能够卖出一篮鸡蛋。
arrears:欠款
The salaries of many health workers are months in arrears, even though the money to pay them is included in the budget.
许多卫生工作者的薪酬被欠款几个月--尽管他们的工资已被列入预算。
arrears:欠款
By the end of last year, one -in- five sub- prime borrowers were in arrears on their home loans.
到去年年底，高达五分之一的次级抵押贷款借款者欠款房贷。
arrears:欠款
Companies that paid Y10m or more in overtime in arrears totalled 293, while the largest payment for unpaid overtime was by a manufacturing company for Y2. 3bn.
欠款1000万日元以上的企业有293家，欠款超时工资最多的是一家制造业企业，共计23亿日元。
arrears:欠款
At the time, the United States was more than $1 billion in arrears to the UN but was unwilling to pay it unless the UN agreed to a variety of reforms.
那个时候美国欠款联合国十多亿美元，但在联合国同意进行一系列改革前不愿意付钱。
arrears:欠款
This might lead to problems, since the requests might arrive out of order to the target machines in the server farm.
这可能会导致出现问题，因为要求可能不会按顺序到达服务器机群中的目标机器上。
requests:要求
It listens to the JMS request destination which messages will arrive and then passes them to the target application.
它对消息将会到达的JMS要求目的地进行监听，然后将它们传送到目标应用中。
request:要求
The entire column header, text and arrow, is clickable, and you click on this header to sort the column.
柱子的标题、文本和箭头是可点击的，您可点击这个标题来对这一柱子进行排序。
column:柱子
The invariable arrow-head wing airplane when takes off and the landing, the wing is launches, but patrols the flight when the upper air.
可变后掠翼飞机在起飞和着陆时，机翼是展开的，而在高空巡行航班时。
flight:航班
A uni - directional association is drawn as a solid line with an open arrowhead (not the closed arrowhead, or triangle, used to indicate inheritance) pointing to the known class.
一个单向的关联，表示为一条带有指向已知类的开放箭头（不关闭的箭头或三角形，用于标志遗产）的实线。
inheritance:遗产
The getBalance message is an entry gate, because it is the arrowed line that is connected to the diagram's frame with the arrowhead connected to a lifeline.
因为是箭头的线连接到图的框架，而箭头连接到生命线，所以取得平衡消息是一个入口门。
getBalance:取得平衡
To model inheritance on a class diagram, a solid line is drawn from the child class (the class inheriting the behavior) with a closed, unfilled arrowhead (or triangle) pointing to the super class.
为了在一个类图上建模遗产，从子类（要遗产行为的类）拉出一条闭合的，单键头（或三角形）的实线指向超类。
inheritance:遗产
An asynchronous message is drawn similar to a synchronous one, but the message's line is drawn with a stick arrowhead, as shown in Figure 6.
一异步消息和一同步的画法类似，但是消息画的线带一棍形矛头，如图6 所示。
one:一
An exciting day includes deep conversations about the company ’s switch from Sparkletts to Arrowhead, the delay of Microsoft’s latest operating system, and the unexpected delivery of more Bic pens.
令人振奋的一天应该包括关于公司的业务重心从斯巴克莱斯特转移到埃罗赫德的深度讨论、微软最新操作系统的推迟发布，以及从未料会按时送货的比克钢笔。
delivery:送货
While he and his siblings did not develop symptoms of arsenic poisoning, others in his community did.
虽然他和他的兄弟姐妹没有出现砷中毒症状，但社区其他的居民出现了各种症状。
others:其他的
Had the commission concluded that the evidence did not point to arson, Mr Perry would have been faced with the grave possibility that Texas had executed an innocent person.
若是委员会得出结论说明已有证据不能证明该案系纵火的话，州长大人可能性得面对一种很严重的情况，就是德州处决了一个无辜的人。
possibility:可能性
No one sees a hacker, a slasher and an arsonist here.
没有一人看到有一黑客，一断木机器和一纵火犯在这儿。
one:一
Attention all unit, we've got an armed suspect arsonist believed to be mentally unstable!
所有单位注意力，发现一武装纵火犯，可能精神不稳定！
Attention:注意力
This residence brings a balance between nature and contemporary living in a renovation of an Art Deco style terrace.
它使自然和现代的生活方式平衡共存在一处装修的装饰艺术风格住宅中。
renovation:装修
One study showed that flavanols can reverse arterial damage caused by smoking.
一项研究表明，黄烷醇可以扭转由抽烟造成的动脉损伤。
smoking:抽烟
Trans fats also increase the risk of arterial inflammation and the development of an irregular heartbeat.
反式脂肪还会增加罹患动脉炎的风险以及引发心率不齐的可能。
inflammation:炎
But if a cut appears to be pumping blood out with some force, this may be a sign of arterial bleeding.
但是，如果血液从伤口喷涌而出，这可能就是动脉流血的的迹象。
bleeding:流血的
Because higher levels of HDL are thought to help prevent build - up of arterial plaque, boosting levels of it in the bloodstream could be a good way to fight harmfully high levels of LDL.
由于人们认为提升向上密度脂蛋白的水平有助于防止脂肪在动脉血管壁上沉积，因此在血液中增加向上密度脂蛋白不失为消除低密度脂蛋白危害的好办法。
up:向上
But there ’s a thrill in reading these stories —in the artful plots, the often baroque style, and the thick air of desperation.
但是阅读这些小说让人有些快感——巧妙的情节，巴洛克风格以及沉重的绝望气息。
thrill:快感
That includes all the unnecessary back surgeries, end - of - life chemotherapy and scopes for arthritic joints that are even more expensive than ED care.
这包括所有不必要的手术后，结尾寿命化疗和该署甚至比昂贵的关节炎关节保健范围。
end:结尾
ARTICHOKE operations involved detailed, systematic creation of specific amnesia barriers, new identities and hypnotically implanted codes and triggers.
朝鲜蓟行动卷入详细的，系统的创建特定的健忘症障碍，新的身份，催眠灌输的代码和触发的暗号。
creation:创建
Similarly, it is an article of faith in China that American politicians are twisting a complex economic issue for political gain ahead of midterm elections.
相似的，“美国的政客们为了在中期选举中政治上获得而歪曲一个复杂的经济事件”在中国也是一个信条。
gain:获得
The world community must articulate a comprehensive strategy to stop the piracy in Somalia without further violating the territorial integrity of Somalia.
国际社会必须清楚地表达整体性的策略，以求阻止索马里海盗行为，而非助长妨害索马里的领土完整。
piracy:海盗行为
Articulated skeletons are far more than the sum of their parts: They prove that parts in isolation can be misleading.
带有关节的骨骼比所有那些零散的发现都更具说服力：他们证明说，隔离的部位可能会误导人。
isolation:隔离
The personal features of an interpreter - such as a quick reaction, clear articulation, and bright mind - are also of great importance.
口译员的个人特性-如快速反应，吐字清晰，头脑清醒-也是非常重要性的。
importance:重要性
By this not very convincing artifice, she explained, aided by picturesque fiction which she could supply herself, she hoped to retain her situation, in spite of the suspicious appearance of things.
她解释说，凭着这样一种不太可信的伪装，加上她自己编造的一套有声有色的情节，她希望能保住自己的饭碗，恶意事情显得十分可疑。
spite:恶意
“The house could seem almost holy in its lack of artifice, ” he writes by way of explaining that his grandparents ’ house had plastic furniture covers and plastic fruit.
“房子因其缺少设计和装饰而显得近乎神圣，” 对于祖父母的房子内的塑料家具和塑料水果，作者这样解释道。
lack:缺少
Our paycheck, our title, or some other artificial yardstick gives us temporary entrée into the world of The Accepted.
我们的薪水，标题或者其他人为的标准让我们临时步入所谓的上流社会。
title:标题
Since the birth of Tai Shan, Mei Xiang and Tian Tian have not produced another cub, despite attempted natural breeding and artificial insemination.
自从泰山诞生以来，尽管使用了各种自然繁殖和人工授精的方法，但美香和添添再也没有产下幼崽。
birth:诞生
Last year, 19 baby pandas were born by natural or artificial insemination in China's breeding bases and 16 of them survived.
去年，中国各熊猫养殖基地经由自然或人工授精方法配种出了19只熊猫幼仔，其中16只得以存活。
breeding:配种
For decades, computer scientists have been pursuing artificial intelligence — the use of computers to simulate human thinking.
几十年来，电脑科学家们在不断追寻人工智能——电脑模仿人类思维的能力。
thinking:思维
The effect factors of forest soil respiration and the research progress of the influence of artificial disturbance on forest soil respiration were discussed.
介绍了森林生态系统土壤呼吸的研究意义，森林生态系统土壤呼吸的影响因素，人为骚乱对森林土壤呼吸影响的研究进展。
disturbance:骚乱
It detects, classifies, tracks, and locates enemy indirect fire such as mortars, artillery, and rockets in either 360- or 90 - degree modes.
它可以在360程度或90程度模式下检测、识别、跟踪和定位敌方间接火力，如迫击炮、大炮、火箭等。
degree:程度
The troops felt that their lives were not sufficiently valued because they had to justify every request for air or artillery support, making it easier for the Taliban to fight.
军人们觉得自己的生命没有得到充分尊重，因为他们不得不证明每个要求空中或炮火支援都是合理的，这使得塔利班更容易进攻盟军。
request:要求
As a mobile, solid-state laser weapon system, HEL TD will be mounted on a tactical ground vehicle to counter rockets, artillery and mortars across the spectrum of conflict.
高能激光技术演示样机是一种移动的固态激光武器系统，该系统将装载于战术地面车辆上实施火箭、火炮和迫击炮对抗。
laser:激光
A military unit loyal to Colonel Gaddafi are reportedly continuing to besiege the major central city of Misrata with artillery bombardment and sniper fire.
据报道一个忠于卡扎菲上校的军事单位继续用大炮和狙击手轰击和围攻重要的中心城市米斯拉塔。
bombardment:轰击
Artillery helped Napoleon conquer most ofEurope and changed the face of naval warfare.
炮兵帮助拿破仑征服了大部分欧洲的，改变了海战的局面。
ofEurope:欧洲的
South Korea's military said it conducted routine artillery firing at some of the islands near the disputed inter- Korean maritime border Tuesday, but said none of its shells crossed the line.
南朝鲜军方说周四他们在朝鲜中部的海上边界附近的海域的一些岛屿上进行例行的炮火练习，但是南朝鲜说没有任何炮弹越过边界线。
none:没有任何
The real self of an artiste lies in art, so when an artiste performs, all the pain, trauma and tension get released through art, be it dancing, painting, singing, writing or even martial arts.
艺术大师的真实自己埋藏在艺术里，当他表演的时候，所有的疼痛，所有的创伤和所有的不安都通过艺术释放出来，舞蹈，绘画，歌唱，写作，甚至是武术都有类似的效果。
self:自己
It ’s holistic and it’s everyone ’s concern, not just the realm of ‘ artistic ’ types.
它站在整体的高度，考虑每个人所忧虑的问题，而非‘艺术的’形式构成的世界。
concern:忧虑
If creation means seeing in an artistic sense, there cannot be a border between creating and seeing.
当创建意味着观看是一种艺术的感觉，那创作和观看之间就不再有界限。
creation:创建
Only in artistic creation can man create his own ideals and form the direction for the practical world.
只有在艺术创作中，人才能创建出自己的理想和找出客观世界的方向。
creation:创建
When a forgery is exposed, people in the art world generally have the same reaction: how could anyone have ever been fooled by something so obviously phony, so artless?
当一件伪造的事件暴露，艺术圈的人普遍会有相同的反应：怎么可能有人会被如此明显虚假的东西所骗过，怎么会这么天真？
forgery:伪造的
The artless flute - strains of his lyrics awoke within me the music of fields and forest - glades.
他的抒情诗中的那种天真活泼的长笛旋律，唤醒了我心中沉睡的田野和林沼之歌。
flute:长笛
To be'simple' is to be honest, plain, artless - a valuable respite from the noise and complexity of our age.
简单点即是诚实，坦率，自然—这是我们这个充满噪音和繁杂的时代最有价值的东西。 “简约”带给我们暂时的惬意和宁静。
be'simple:简单点
Beardsley prints produced in the late 19th century are a good example of the style of art nouveau.
19世纪末比乐兹利的作品是新作艺术的典范。
nouveau:新作
Those artsy types at the Rhode Island School of Design can put down their paintbrushes and take “The Art of Sin and the Sin of Art”, which contemplates the relationship between sin and the art world.
罗德岛设计学院那些有艺术家气质的学生可以放下油画刷，选修“罪之艺术和艺术之罪”这门课。该课程对罪孽和艺术世界的关系进行思考。
paintbrushes:油画刷
It ’s my life. I spend far more time thinking artsy thoughts, and stoking my budding entrepreneurialism than I do socializing with friends.
在我的生活中，我花费更多的时间去想法艺术性的想法，以及激发我那正在萌芽的企业家的精神，而不是和我的朋友一起去搞一些社会活动。
thoughts:想法
Since I started to use Japanese characters in my artwork, it makes me feel like "I rule my world ".
既然我开始在作品中使用日文人物了，我觉得这下像是“我统治着自己的世界”了。
characters:人物
Because copyright law restricts the users’ ability to reuse stories, artwork, photos, music, and videos they find on the Internet, users complain about their lack of freedom online.
由于版权法限制了用户转用在互联网上找到的故事、插图、照片、音乐和录像，用户抱怨他们缺少网上的自由。
lack:缺少
Make sure you take your date to an expensive restaurant with an atmosphere like the one you wish to project - be it elegant, upbeat, cool or arty.
一定要带你的女伴去一与之气质相符高级餐厅——或优雅，或欢快，或冷酷，或附庸风雅。
one:一
For example, mum will have a special bond with her sensitive, arty son, while dad lavishes attention on his sporty daughter.
例子，母亲也许和她那个敏感、喜欢附庸风雅的儿子特别亲近，而父亲则会十分关注自己爱好运动的女儿。
example:例子
The ASBO represents the source applications data format and contains its metadata.
ASBO表示源应用程序程序数据格式并且包含其元数据。
applications:应用程序
The collaboration ensures that the GBO routes to the correct destination HTTP adapter controller where the map is applied to generate an ASBO, which represents the maverick web services payload.
协作确保GBO路由到正确的目的HTTP适配器控制器，在那里进行映射以生成ASBO，ASBO 表示非规范Web服务有效有效负载。
payload:有效负载
Just as Benfica thought they had the ascendancy, Giggs illustrated why he did not follow Paul Scholes and Edwin van der Sar into retirement at the end of last season.
就在本菲卡将士认为他们将固守优势时，吉格斯站了出来诠释了为什么在上赛季结尾后他没有和保罗•斯科尔斯以及埃德温•范德萨一起退役。
end:结尾
You must verify whether the column selected to be sorted is the immediately preceding column to have been sorted and, if it is, in which direction (ascending or descending) it was previously sorted.
您必须检查要排序的选定柱子是否刚好在已排序的柱子的前面，如果是这样，还需要确定已经排序的柱子的排序方向（升序或降序）。
column:柱子
For example, there is no need for sort ascending and descending if users never access the view; all it does is add to the size.
例子，如果用户从不访问视图，则无需对其按升序或降序排序；它所做的只是增加了视图的大小。
example:例子
The first shock came in 1989. The collapse of the Berlin Wall was heralded, in a spasm of triumphalism, as the ascension of the West.
第一次震惊发生于1989年，柏林墙的倒塌——必胜信念的一次发作——预示着西欧的上升。
shock:震惊
The construction requires a precise choreography, as the participants must coordinate their ascent to ensure that the balance of the structure remains sound.
叠人塔需要十分精确的编排，因为参与的人员必须一致向上上升，才能保证人塔结构保持完美平衡。
ascent:上升
You need to somehow measure key metrics across the distributed process to ascertain status.
您需要以某种方式跨分散式的过程测量关键的量度，从而确定状态。
distributed:分散式
We can’t synthesize vitamin C (ascorbic acid), but our ancestors, save for the guinea pig and primates, were able to do so.
我们不能合成维生素C（抗坏血酸），但是我们的祖先，包括豚鼠和灵长类动物，却有合成VC的能力。
primates:灵长类动物
The content of ascorbic acid increases in parallel to the rise in the activity level ofperoxidase.
其抗坏血酸含量水平与过氧化物酶的活性水平具有平行线增长关系。
parallel:平行线
Polarimeter, which is known as an optical rotation meter, is an instrument to measure optical rotation of "optically active matter" such as saccharin, ascorbic acid and sodium glutamate.
旋光仪，又被称为视觉回转量表，是用来测量动态对象的视觉回转的仪器，用来测量如糖精、抗坏血酸和胺酸钠等。
rotation:回转
The Priestly conception of god, you will recall, is of an immortal and asexual being.
你们将回顾，祭司的对于神的概念，存在一个不朽且无性的存在。
being:存在
That process is part of the asexual reproduction of fungi, and the many different shapes may serve to help different species grow and reproduce in different conditions.
这一过程是真菌无性再生产的一部分，而且多种多样的形状也可能有助于不同的种类在不同条件下生长和繁殖。
reproduction:再生产
But how do they —and the other 70 species of vertebrates that propagate this way —do it without the genetic monotony and disease vulnerability that often results from asexual reproduction?
但它们是如何做到，并且没有出现遗传单一性以及无性再生产经常导致的疾病脆弱性呢？另有70个脊椎动物物种也通过这种方式繁殖。
reproduction:再生产
Due to asexual reproduction, the species as a whole retains very low genetic variation.
由于无性再生产，这样的物种整体保留着非常低的遗传变异。
reproduction:再生产
Scientists are not sure, since asexual reproduction is a better evolutionary strategy in some important ways.
科学家们对此不太确信，因为无性再生产在某些重要的方面是一种更好的进化策略。
reproduction:再生产
Although asexual reproduction might seem like a bore —and one that can have questionable genetic outcomes unless done right — it has its benefits, too, Baumann notes.
虽然无性再生产可能很像寻找石油时的钻孔勘探——除非结合正确了，不然就会产生基因有问题的后代——无性再生产也有其优势，鲍曼说。
reproduction:再生产
In the mixed environment, asexual females were more likely to produce sexually reproducing female offspring.
在混合环境中，无性繁殖的母体大多产生有性生殖的女性后代。
females:女性
But the intensity of the color depends on the amount of ash and dust in the atmosphere.
但月亮颜色的深浅取决于空气中所含的灰烬和灰尘的数量。
dust:灰尘
I don" t tell them I am ashamed -- all of us staring out the window like the hungry.
我没告诉他们我很羞愧——我们一帮人全都盯着那里的窗户，像饥饿的的人。
hungry:饥饿的
Zhang Ailing's ashen perspective on moon, like her grayer understanding of life, is unique and profound.
张爱玲对月亮的更灰透视，如同她对人生的更灰理解一样，独特而深刻。
grayer:更灰
Bartenev says he asked the captain to put them ashore at the nearest port – but the request was refused without explanation.
巴尔捷涅夫说，他要求船长把他们送到最近港口的岸上——但是这一要求遭到拒绝而且没有给出解释。
request:要求
On smoking it decrees: "Always use a proper ashtray -- never a wine bottle, flower pot or used plate -- and avoid allowing smoke to billow out of the nostrils.
对于抽烟，它说：“永远使用得体的烟灰缸—永远不要使用酒瓶、花盆或者盘子—不要让烟从鼻孔中翻腾而出。
smoke:抽烟
The ashtray slid from Bonnie ’s head and she patted where it had been and looked around puzzled.
烟烟灰缸从邦尼的头上滑下来，她拍拍头上原来放烟烟灰缸的地方，迷惑地四下张望。
ashtray:烟灰缸
I arrived to be greeted once again with an ashtray - free pub and "No Smoking" signs everywhere, but at the bar my non-Chinese neighbor promptly struck up a light.
一来到酒吧，为同样没有烟灰缸，到处是“禁止抽烟”的标志刚到欣喜，但马上旁边就点燃的火柴。
Smoking:抽烟
A butter dish used as an ashtray by Churchill was sold for ￡4200 last year.
丘吉尔还曾把装黄油的盘子用作烟烟灰缸，这个盘子在去年拍出4200英镑的高价。
ashtray:烟灰缸
On smoking it decrees: "Always use a proper ashtray -- never a wine bottle, flower pot or used plate -- and avoid allowing smoke to billow out of the nostrils (14).
对于抽烟，它说：“永远使用得体的烟灰缸永远不要使用酒瓶、花盆或者盘子不要让烟从鼻孔中翻腾而出。
smoke:抽烟
In Asian politics, what you see is often the opposite of what you get.
在亚洲政治中，你看到的和你得到的完全是往往是完全对面的的。
opposite:对面的
I had the option of cutting my hair, but a person who is black, hispanic, or of asian descent cannot hide the way he looks (nor should he have to).
我可以选项剪掉头发，但一个黑人、西班牙人、或亚洲人自降生就无法隐藏他的样子（他也不是必须要这样做）。
option:选项
Tensions have been rising between China, which claims almost all of the South China Sea, and some of the other Asian states that assert sovereignty over parts of it.
这一地区的紧张局势局势一直在升级，中国声称对几乎整个南中国海拥有主权，其它一些亚洲国家声称拥有部分主权。
Tensions:紧张局势
Through the study, five-a-side football is a result of the variation of the original sporting form and gradually develops into an independent sport.
通过研究提出，五人制足球运动是原有运动形式变化的结果，并逐渐发展成为独立的体育项目。
variation:变化
And at the end of the day, when everyone is asleep, I just want to crawl into bed.
在一天结尾时，当每个人都睡着了，我想做的仅仅是蜷在自己的被窝里。
end:结尾
This pattern complements the previous one, except that it tests the crosscutting specification and context - handling of the aspect rather than the crosscutting behavior.
这个模式对前一模式做了补充，只是它测试方面的横切规范和上下文处理而不是横切行为。
one:一
Several cases are presented for point contacts including single asperity, wavy surface and real engineering rough surfaces, and also for finite line contact.
计算实例模拟了观点接触单峰表面，正弦表面和真实粗糙表面的弹性接触以及有限长滚子线接触等接触问题。
point:观点
Does anyone else not through difficulty and frustration, grief and pain? None the aspersions of rain, no beauty of the rainbow.
有谁没有任何经历过困难与挫折，有谁没有任何经历过伤心与痛苦？
None:没有任何
Life is a long way you go, from youth to midlife and agedness. Anyone else does not through difficulty and frustration, grief and pain? None the aspersions of rain, no beauty of the rainbow.
人的一生要走漫长路，从呱呱落地的青年到成熟稳重的中年到两鬓苍苍的老年，有谁没有任何经历过困难与挫折，有谁没有任何经历过伤心与痛苦？
None:没有任何
He lay there, moaning on the asphalt; a man almost killed by a phantom.
他躺在那里，在柏油路上呻吟；一个差点被幻影杀死的男人。
phantom:幻影
The main causes of newborn deaths are prematurity and low- birth - weight, infections, asphyxia (lack of oxygen at birth) and birth trauma.
新生儿死亡人数的主要原因是早产和低出生体重、感染、窒息（出生时缺氧）以及产伤。
deaths:死亡人数
Final causes were classified as immaturity -related (26%), birth asphyxia or hypoxia (26%) and infection (23%).
最终死因为发育不成熟（26％）、诞生窒息或缺氧（26%）和感染（23%）。
birth:诞生
Preterm birth, birth asphyxia (lack of breathing at birth), and infections cause most neonatal deaths.
早产，诞生窒息（诞生时没有呼吸），以及感染造成大多数新生期死亡。
birth:诞生
The greatest risk is in their first four weeks of life when babies die from conditions like low birthweight, birth trauma, asphyxia, and severe infections like pneumonia, meningitis or tetanus.
婴儿诞生后前4个月造成死亡的最大风险的病症是低诞生体重、诞生创伤、窒息，以及像肺炎、脑膜炎或破伤风等严重感染。
birth:诞生
Preterm birth, birth asphyxia and infections cause most newborn deaths. Health risks to newborns are minimized by
早产、诞生窒息和感染是新生儿死亡的主要原因。
birth:诞生
The aspic powder, the agar -agar and the gelatin were made into gels respectively through heating up, dissolution and cooling.
分别以肉冻粉、琼脂、明胶为材料，加热溶解、冷却明胶成胶冻。
gelatin:明胶
And let us make its pursuit – and fulfillment – our highest aspiration, as individuals and as a nation.
让我们把最高抱负作为我们每个人和整个国家的追求和成就。
aspiration:抱负
The goals of near -zero deaths and eventual eradication are idealistic and aspirational, but not foolhardy as some critics suggested in 2007.
将死亡人数数几乎降至零以及最终将其消灭，这是梦寐以求的理想目标，而并非如某些批评家在2007年所指的莽撞行为。
deaths:死亡人数
Like any other people, Libyans aspire to live under a representative government, one that respects their basic rights and serves them instead of the other way around.
像其他国家的人民一样，利比亚人也渴望由一有代表性的政府来管理，这个政府能尊重他们的基本权利、为他们服务而不是相反。
one:一
This is in a career I was always taught, from knee height, would be a worthy one to aspire to.
这是一份我总是被教导——自齐膝高度——的职业，将是一值得人人向往的职业。
one:一
Studies have found that aspirin may help prevent cancers of the stomach, intestines and colon.
有研究发现阿司匹林可以帮助预防癌症的胃,肠和冒号癌。
colon:冒号
In a given year, this elusive ideal might require more violinists, goalies, aspiring engineers or students who can pay the full cost of attendance.
在某一年，这个难以捉摸的理想，可能需要更多的小提琴手，守门员，有抱负的工程师或学生谁可以支付考勤的全部费用。
attendance:考勤
The possibility that more than one assailant might have been involved and that a conspiracy might be afoot fueled unease.
参与行凶的可能性不止一人，而且阴谋是提前计划好的，这些推测都加深了民众的恐慌情绪。
possibility:可能性
Within a year, Cameronused it as the basis fora script about a cyborg assassin sent back intime to kill the mother ofa future rebel leader.
其后一年间，卡梅隆以这个梦中场景为基础完成了一个剧本，讲述一个机器人刺客穿越时光银泰杀死未来叛军领袖的母亲。
intime:银泰
For example, in February 2008, a suicide bomber caused havoc at a dog - fighting meet near Kandahar, killing or injuring more than 100 civilians, in a successful quest to assassinate one tribal leader.
例子，2008年2月，一名袭击者在坎大哈附近斗狗场制造的自杀式爆炸袭击造成了100名平民受伤或死亡，只是为了成功刺杀一名部落首领。
example:例子
He caused the deaths of so many Libyans, and he is afraid one of the rebels will try to assassinate him.... The rebels are tightening the leash around his neck.
他导致如此多的利比亚人死亡人数，他害怕反对派将会试图暗杀他……反对派正在勒紧他脖子上的皮带。
deaths:死亡人数
Strauss - Kahn, who is married, previously admitted to an affair with a Hungarian economist at the IMF. But his supporters say he is not the kind of man to carry out a sexual assault.
已婚的施特劳斯-卡恩曾经承认他和国际货币基金组织的一名匈牙利经济家有不当关系，但是他的支持者说，他不是种类会进行性攻击的人。
kind:种类
These members "are standing with young democracies in the Middle East that are under assault by terrorists and violent extremists ," he said.
他说，这些成员"与受到恐怖分子和暴力极端分子突击的中东的年轻民主政体站在一起"。
assault:突击
I have consulted an attorney who will file criminal charges as well as a civil lawsuit grounded in assault and battery, not to mention a request for the police to arrest you.
我咨询了律师，届时他会以殴打为由对你正式提起刑事诉讼并附带民事诉讼，当然要求对你的逮捕不可的。
request:要求
For example, terms like common assault, assault, battery and wounding must be represented with clarity and distinction.
例子普通侵犯、侵犯、殴打和伤人等字词，有必要精确分别对照。
example:例子
For example, all of the elements of Assault and Battery with a deadly weapon are included in murder.
例子，使用致命武器袭击和殴打罪行的要素均包含在谋杀罪中。
example:例子
His lifetime is lonely, not be to face politics put-up it is assault and battery.
他寿命孤寂，不是面对政治密谋就是人身攻击。
lifetime:寿命
Between 2005 and 2007, 1797 Greenlandic schoolchildren in five different areas were tested for MTI with an interferon gamma release assay (IGRA) and a tuberculin skin test (TST).
2005到2007年间，对5个不同区域的1797名格陵兰学龄儿童进行干扰素发布试验（IGRA）和结核菌素试验（TST），确定其是否存在结核杆菌感染。
release:发布
The layout and application patterns are discussed below in the context of application assembly.
布局和应用程序模式将在下面的应用程序集会上下文中讨论。
assembly:集会
As with the state machine, the partners available depend on the references in the assembly diagram; there is one partner for each reference.
对于状态机，可用的合作伙伴取决于集会关系图中的引用；每个引用有一个对应的合作伙伴。
assembly:集会
In software, there are no first principles or laws governing the creation and assembly of software.
对于软件来说，没有能够掌控创建和组装的第一定律或者规律。
creation:创建
Save all changes, both in the mediation flow editor and the assembly editor.
在中介流编辑器和集会编辑器中保存所有更改。
assembly:集会
Henry Ford did not invent the automobile, but his assembly line revolutionized manufacturing and made cars affordable for the average worker.
亨利.福特并没有发明汽车，但是他的汽车集会线革新了汽车制造业，也让一般人买得起汽车。
assembly:集会
CFM, with its partner AVIC Commercial Aircraft Engine, is still evaluating the feasibility of establishing an assembly line and engine test facility in China.
CFM正在对同中航商飞发动机合作，在中国建立集会生产线及发动机测试工厂进行可行性评估。
assembly:集会
Geely reciprocated this month, announcing that it will build its Volvo headquarters and an assembly plant in a Shanghai industrial district.
本月吉利公司做出了回报，宣布它将在上海工业园建立沃尔沃总部和集会工厂。
assembly:集会
For example, a manufacturer might require its parts suppliers to be located nearby its assembly plant to minimize the cost of transportation.
例子，一个制造商也许会要求他的生产商位于他的装配工厂附近以减少运输的成本。
example:例子
The first factory I visited was an assembly plant where all the components come together to form a finished product.
我走访的第一家工厂是一个装配厂，在这里所有的零件汇聚起来集会成成品。
assembly:集会
GM said Monday it will add a third shift to a pickup truck assembly plant in Flint, Mich., to meet demand for heavy-duty pickups.
而通用也宣布为了应对重型皮卡的市场需求，在本周一公司将会对其在佛林特，密歇根州的皮卡集会工厂实行三轮班制。
assembly:集会
Most automakers avoid building a new model with a new powertrain in a new assembly plant.
大多数汽车制造商都不会把搭载全新动力集成的全新车型交由新的集会工厂生产。
assembly:集会
If that link is compromised, an intruder could then assert any identity and completely undermine the security of the infrastructure.
如果该链接受到威胁，则闯入者就可以断言任何身份并彻底破坏基础设施的安全性。
intruder:闯入者
If that link can be compromised, an intruder could then assert any identity and completely undermine the security of the infrastructure.
如果可以攻破该链路，闯入者就可以断言任何身份并彻底破坏基础设施的安全性。
intruder:闯入者
Rational, unemotional, self assessment should tell us whether or not we have the skills and ability to do something.
理性的不参杂感情的自己评价应该能告诉我们自己是否有能力和技巧去做些什么。
self:自己
If your answers to the PPM readiness assessment all suggest that you should proceed with a PPM solution, I recommend the following steps toward a successful implementation.
如果您对PPM准备就绪评估的答案都建议您应该开始一个PPM解决方案，那么我推荐以下步骤来成功实现解决方案。
readiness:准备就绪
In answering both questions, one solution is to conduct risk assessment at the beginning of the life cycle.
为了解决方案上述两个问题，一种方案是在生命周期的初期进行风险评估。
solution:解决方案
There are costly delays in the selection and follow up by an external claims assessor.
在选择外部索赔评估人员及其后续操作中有代价高昂的延误。
delays:延误
For example, what happens when the automated process cannot find an available assessor?
例子，当自动过程不能找到可用的评估员时怎么办？
example:例子
Other elected county positions may include sheriff, judge, justice of the peace, medical examiner, comptroller, assessor, or prosecutor, among others.
除委员会成员外，其他的民选县级官员一般包括：治安官、法官、治安法官、法医、审计官、估税员、检察官等。
others:其他的
Message Broker generates a Web services request to go to each assessor on the list.
消息代理生成一个Web服务要求并发送给列表中的每一个评估员。
request:要求
When either the Approver has completed or the Assessor has accepted, the approval information is returned .''
当Approver完成或者Accessor接受时，将会返回赞同信息。
approval:赞同
I understand the worry about the possibility of an asset bubble in China.
我完全理解人们对中国可能性存在的大量资产泡沫的担忧。
possibility:可能性
In the previous section, you saw how sharing of catalog data via the store path is controlled by the ability to add data specific to customer stores, or to filter products in the catalog asset store.
在先前的部分中，您看到了通过使用存储小路共享的目录数据是如何由客户存储（或者目录资产存储中的过滤器产品）指定的添加数据功能来控制的。
path:小路
An extreme example is asset stripping, where the main motive for the acquisition is short-term gain by buying up undervalued assets and selling them on bit by bit.
一个极端的例子是评估陷阱，并购的主要动机是短期通过购买低估的资产同时一点一点销售它来获得。
gain:获得
On the one hand, asset stripping through a series of sale, clearing a number of non - core assets;
一方面，通过资产剥离，陆续销售、清算了一批非核心资产；
sale:销售
Imagine if you could do the same with behaviors -- if you could just as easily assign behaviors to a table cell, like expand and collapse, highlight or scroll, as you could set its background color.
设想，如果可以这样处理行为 ——假设您可以像设置其背景颜色那样轻松地将行为分配给一个表的单元格，比如是展开还是折叠，是强调显示还是滚动。
highlight:强调
In China, Mongol rule was torn by repeated tensions between those faithful to their nomadic traditions and those ready to assimilate with the Chinese.
在中国，坚持游牧传统与同中国人同化的争议反复出现，多次造成局势紧张局势，蒙古统治摇摇欲坠。
tensions:紧张局势
Sian Massey, the assistant referee at the centre of the Sky sexism row last season, has been promoted.
马西，这位上赛季被卷入天空性别歧视是非中心的助手裁判，受到了提升。
assistant:助手
Sian Massey has been withdrawn as assistant referee for this evening's n power League Two match between Crewe and Bradford, Professional Games Match Officials have confirmed in a statement.
今晚联赛二克路对布拉德福德的比赛，马西将不担任助手裁判，一份来自职业比赛官员的申明中确认。
assistant:助手
Associate with positive people and protect yourself from all types of negativity.
和积极的人们交往，保护自己不受所有形式的负面情绪侵害。
negativity:负面情绪
You need to import all the datapools associated with these scripts one by one as well.
您还需要一个接一个地导入所有与这些剧本相关的数据源。
scripts:剧本
It stores all the account data information in a PHP associative array and returns that array to the caller.
它将所有帐户数据信息存储在一个PHP关联数组中，并将这个数组回报给调用者。
returns:回报
After a long silence, one of the diggers picked up a jar full of spiders, worms and a wide assortment of insects. He removed the lid and showed the wonderful contents to the scoffing visitors.
长长的沉寂之后，其中一个挖掘者从洞里拿出一个装满蜘蛛、蠕虫和各种各样昆虫的罐子，他打开盖把这些奇妙的东西展示给那些嘲讽者看。
lid:盖
Where one malfunctioning buoy might occur, for this duet to occur is not an accident - east as well asst.
假如说某个浮标确实可能会出故障，这样的东部和西部的浮标二重奏可不是事故事变。
accident:事故
Conclu-sions:A positive ASST may indicate the presence of circulating functional au to antibodies in the serum of some patients with CIU. ASST can be used as a screening test for autoant…
结论：部分CIU患者血清中有功能性的循环自身抗体在场，自体血清皮肤试验可作为CIU自身抗体的过筛试验。
presence:在场
Conclu -sions:A positive ASST may indicate the presence of circulating functional au to antibodies in the serum of some patients with CIU. ASST can be used a …
结论：部分CIU患者血清中有功能性的循环自身抗体在场，自体血清皮肤试验可作为CIU自身抗体的过筛试验。
presence:在场
In this case I will assume the cylinder is falling with the axis of the cylinder parallel to the ground (so the person would land on the back).
在这种情况下，我假设该圆柱是以柱轴跟地面平行线的方式下落的（这样才能使人背部着地）。
parallel:平行线
Under an assumed name I have wormed myself into his service for revenge; and as there is a heaven above us, I will have his heart's blood!
用一个化名，我钻进他的复仇自己的服务，以及为我们有一个以上的天堂，我将他的心脏的血！
revenge:复仇
One final useful thing about assuming rapport is that you may also start to feel positive feelings towards this new person, just as you do with your friend when you meet him/ her.
关于假设友好关系的一个最后的用处是，当你面对新的人群时，你可能也会开始情怀到积极的情感，就像你见到和你自己的朋友所做的那样。
feelings:情怀
For example, if you write a program that allocates and frees many tree nodes, you might decide that is worth it to cache some nodes, assuming you know of a fast way to do this.
例子，如果你写一个分配和释放很多树节点的程序，你会认定高速缓冲一些节点是有价值的，假设你知道一种快速的方式能做到这一点的话。
example:例子
This would make no sense if your assumption is that Apple is just another hardware and software maker cultivating an applications ecosystem.
如果你设想苹果仅仅是另一个培养应用程序生态系统的硬件和软件开发商，那么这将毫无意思。
applications:应用程序
Only in the case of a problem does the request go to a person for further quality assurance analysis.
只有在出现问题的情况下，需要将要求发送给某个人员来进一步进行质量保证分析。
request:要求
Self respect means we have an inner confidence and inner assurance, but this is not a confidence built on superiority.
自己尊重就是我们有着内在的自信和内在的保证，但这并不是建立在自私自利基础上的。
Self:自己
Be aware that the double asterisk matches zero or more nodes, not one or more nodes.
请注意，两个星号将火柴零个或多个节点，而不是一个或多个节点。
matches:火柴
With a very large outboard motor, for example, the boat may be imbalanced by having that weight far astern and may "squat" in the water and not sail as well.
例子，如果装了一台很大的舷外发动机，船只可能会因其重量而变得不平衡，尾部偏重，用俗话说倾向于在水中“蹲着”，而影响航行。
example:例子
Smooth operation, quick full-ahead to full- astern manoeuvres, short distance for stopping a vessel, and possibilities for continuous slow -steaming.
手术平稳，可以快速地从全正车转向全倒车，停船距离短以及无级减速。
operation:手术
He points out that "there are millions of asthmatics in this country" and says outdoor smoke levels can be "high enough to trigger an asthmatic attack in susceptible persons ."
他指出“在这个国家有上百万哮喘患者病患者”并指出户外烟量水平“高得足以引起易感人群哮喘患者发作。”
asthmatics:哮喘患者
Astigmatism also changes in older age, so this may help to explain some of these changes that happen to our vision in older age.
散光在老年人也会变化，因此本研究结果有利于解释在老年人发生的一些视力变化。
changes:变化
You can imagine how astonished I was to see this noble stag with a cherry tree growing between its antlers.
你可以想象一下，当这只两角之间长了一棵樱桃树的大大的麈出现在我的眼前时，我是多么的惊讶！
stag:麈
"Dear madam," cried Mrs. Hill, in great astonishment, "don't you know there is an express come for master from Mr. Gardiner?
希尔奶奶惊讶地嚷道：“亲爱的小姐，嘉丁纳先生打发了一个专差给主人送来一封信，难道你们不知道吗？
astonishment:惊讶
To complete the favourable impression, she then told him what Mr. Darcy had voluntarily done for Lydia. He heard her with astonishment.
为了要使得父亲对达西先生更有好感，她又把他自告奋勇搭救丽迪雅的事告诉了父亲，父亲听了，大为惊讶。
astonishment:惊讶
With practice we can perfect our use of it and the results will astound us.
通过实践我们能非常好地运用它，结果会让我们吃惊。
practice:实践
But some scientists are so astounded by the changes they are recording that they are moved to speak out.
但是，一些科学家记录下来的变化令自己大为震惊，他们变化主意大胆地说了出来。
changes:变化
Here we present a collection of botanical wonders that are grown over buildings, grown into buildings, and woven into astounding, colossal patterns.
这里我们收藏了很多植物奇景，有的长在建筑表面，有的和建筑融为一体，有的被编织成惊人巨大的图案。
collection:收藏
A whole cemetery of rare fossil animals was found in a village Chyorny Yar in Astrakhan oblast.
阿斯特拉罕州附近的黑亚尔村发现了珍稀动物化石公墓。
cemetery:公墓
With the Black Hawk pitched at a forty -five- degree angle astride the wall the crew sent a distress call to the idling Chinooks.
这架黑鹰45程度倾斜着靠在墙上，机组成员向待命的支奴干发出了遇难信号。
degree:程度
If you've never been sure of how umami expresses itself on your tongue, roll this one around in your mouth and taste the savoury, slightly astringent texture that umami offers Chardonnay.
如果你还不确定鲜味在你的舌尖上会留下什么样的味觉感受的话，含一嘴霞多丽于嘴中，品味一番它那特有的咸辣而又略带苦涩的风味吧。
mouth:嘴
Astro - fertility works on the ­ assumption that there are only two or three times a year when a woman can become pregnant and go on to ­ successfully give birth.
“受孕星相学”建立在这样一种假设之上——一年中，每位女性仅有2-3次机会能够成功受孕。受孕的时机取决于她和她丈夫诞生的时间和地点，以及当时行星所处的位置。
birth:诞生
Astro - plugins: A set of plugins for astronomical image processing.
Astro-plugins：天文图象加工的一组插件。
processing:加工
The astrologer maintains that there is a natural resonance between the evolving motion of the universe, and the development of the human soul.
在占星家认为，之间存在着宇宙的演变议案自然谐振，以及人类灵魂的发展。
resonance:谐振
In the meantime, check out this other bit of NASA promo hilarity: Space Your Face, where an animated astronaut with whatever picture you want in its helmet boogies on the moon or Mars.
与此同时，请关注NASA的另一项推广活动：“太空飞脸”，在这个活动中，一个飞往月亮或火星的动画版宇航员将在他的头盔上画上任何你所想要的图画。
moon:月亮
"If Yuri Gagarin had not made this flight I would not have flown to the moon ," said US astronaut Thomas Stafford, commander on the first US lunar landing in 1969.
1969年美国登月计划指挥官、美国宇航员托马斯•斯塔福德说：“如果尤里•加加林没有进行首次太空飞行，我可能也没有飞去过月亮。”
moon:月亮
Many different sciences are used to learn about the earth, however, the four basic areas of Earth science study are: geology, meteorology, oceanography and astronomy.
有很多关于学习地球的科学，然而地球科学主要由四门基础的学科组成，即地质学、气象学、海洋学和天文学。
study:学习
He accepted that there was a lack of institutional development and capacity on the Palestinian side, but he said the Palestinians were caught in an unequal, asymmetric dispute.
他承认巴勒斯坦方面缺少机构方面的发展和能力，但是他说巴勒斯坦人被卷入了一场不平等、不对称的争论。
lack:缺少
Other important submodels within the query model relate to filtering and sorting, calculated members, derived attributes, and asymmetrical selections.
查询模型中其他重要的子模型与过滤和排序、计算成员、派生属性以及不对称选集有关。
selections:选集
Asymmetry is believed to be caused by the baby undergoing stress while in the womb, leading to uneven development.
据称，造成这种不对称的原因是婴儿在母亲子宫内时受到压力而导致发育不对称。
Asymmetry:不对称
Both mechanisms are due to asymmetry in a tumor cell's interactions with its environment.
这两种机制在瘤细胞与其环境的互动过程中是不对称的。
tumor:瘤
That asymmetry is key, and though it doesn't yet provide the key to superconductors, it is a significant start.
这种不对称十分关键，尽管它还不能给超导体提供解决办法，但却是个重要的开始。
asymmetry:不对称
That doesn't make it seem like they're doing different jobs, so I don't see where any asymmetry comes in that would favor one running in one place rather than another.
这并不表示他们正在进行不同的工作，所以我看不到有任何不对称有助于在一个地方而不是在另一个地方运行线程。
asymmetry:不对称
Whether this was genuine concern for a real social problem or was born of a more atavistic notion that there is something inherently, biologically wrong with mixing races, we can only speculate.
无论这是真正忧虑现实的社会问题，还是出于更返祖的观念——固有的、从生物学角度来说混血是错误的观念，我们只能推测。
concern:忧虑
In India I ate ~ 20 lady finger bananas per day.
在印度，我每天要吃大约20支夫人手指香蕉。
finger:手指
Atheism can however include something like a movement, of course, as can other beliefs and non - beliefs.
然而，就像其它信念或者“不信念”一样，无神论当然也包含类似“运动”的成分。
beliefs:信念
No one can impose their claim of revealed knowledge on another. Does this make Hobbes an atheist,? as many would have maintained in his day? No.
没人可以把他们声称启示的知识强加于别人,这说明霍布斯是一无神论者，就像他那个时代很多人一样。
one:一
Not for any religious scruple: I am an atheist of the most straightforward kind.
不是因为任何宗教方面的顾虑，我是种类最坦率的无神论者。
kind:种类
When Liuxiang was taking a break after some warm up excise, an athlete in black sports wear came to his back and hugged him.
刘翔做了一些热身练习之后，正在休息，这时候，一个穿黑色运动服的运动员，走到他后退，抱住了他。
back:后退
In fact, there are more likely to be disadvantages and problems from wearing shoes than not wearing them - among them, deformation caused by a poor fit, ingrown toenails, and athlete's foot.
其实，穿鞋带来的麻烦可能比赤脚更多。比方说，穿鞋可能导致脚部形变，脚趾向内生长以及脚癣。
deformation:形变
However, as anyone who has wrestled with a persistent case of athlete's foot knows, it's not easy to root out a fungus once it's taken hold.
不过，一直与脚癣做斗争的所有人都知道，一旦被菌沾上想根除它谈何容易。
fungus:菌
So, for instance, the addition of an Internet connection to a bank application with existing ATM access is transparent to the application logic.
因此，举例来说，用现有的ATM访问将因特网联系添加到一个银行应用程序，对应用程序逻辑来说是透明的。
connection:联系
Another attitude that invites the presence of God into our atmosphere is one that honors Him above all others.
另一个可以邀请神加入到我们的氛围中来的态度，就是我们需要荣耀他超过其他的一切事情。
others:其他的
But these will not stabilise levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide — only slow the rate of increase.
但是这无法稳定大气中的二氧化硫水平——而只能降低增加的速率。
dioxide:二氧化硫
Atmospheric pressure, which changes with the phases of the moon, can also affect the taste.
随月亮运行周期的改变而改变的大气压力也会影响到口感。
moon:月亮
Eventually, the balloon will grow from lack of atmospheric pressure, burst, and begin to fall.
最终，气球会因为大气压力爆裂，开始降落。
burst:爆裂
Later, telegraphic bureau comes to open a phone, busy half atmospherics word is received namely be illogical, it is terminal interface receives a fault so line.
之后，电信局上门来开通电话，忙乎半天电话就是接不通，原来是终端界面接错了线。
interface:界面
“Nothing on this atoll —not its crushed coral lanes or groves of swaying palms —remotely recalls my New Jersey upbringing, ” Andrew McCarthy writes.
“在这个环礁岛上，碎珊瑚和摇曳的手掌未能唤起我对新泽西的回忆，”安德鲁麦卡锡写道。
palms:手掌
If you put this image into a stereo viewer, you can pick out the 3D atomic structure; for anything more complex than this, we need a different way to visualize what is going on.
如果您将这个图像放到立体声图像查看器中，您可以分辨出3D原子结构；对于更加复杂的结构，我们需要采用不同的方式来可视化它们。
stereo:立体声
As we described earlier, an uncontested lock operation involves some setup and an atomic machine instruction.
如前所述，无争用锁操作涉及了一些设置和一个原子机器指令。
lock:锁
Sports facilitate the forming and the enhsm4ng of atonal the identities.
体育在国家认同成型与强化中具有重要的功能。
forming:成型
Muslim belief is that the central teachings of Christianity -- the divinity of Christ and his death as a sacrificial atonement -- are later pagan inventions that Jesus himself would have rejected.
穆斯林信仰基督教的中心教义-基督的神性和以他的死来牺牲赎罪-是后来异教徒的发明，耶稣本人不会认同的。
belief:信仰
One girl hides behind a pillar; another, the one sitting atop the fountain, seems to flinch and cower.
另一女孩躲在了柱子的后面。坐在喷泉台子上的仙女因惊恐畏畏缩缩。
one:一
The swoosh also connects the letters a and z, meaning that this store has everything from a to z.
这个符号也起到了指向作用，链接字母A到z，意思是亚马逊的商品无所不包。
a:A
On the ascent you pass a wonderful wall, the full height of the atrium, with Sir Francis Chantrey's busts of worthies hanging strangely in space.
拾级而上时，游客要经过有中庭那样高度的一段很漂亮的墙，墙上稀奇古怪地悬挂着弗朗西斯·钱特里爵士雕刻的名人胸像。
height:高度
The atrocity last month in Torreón, an industrial city in the northern state of Coahuila, came amid headlines shocking even by the standards of Mexico's drug war.
上个月，发生在科阿韦拉州北部的工业城市托雷翁的暴行，即便以墨西哥毒品战争的标准来衡量，也足以算是一条令人震惊的头条新闻新闻。
headlines:头条新闻
Sexual violence in conflict is a serious, present- day atrocity affecting millions of people, primarily women and girls.
冲突中的性暴力是今天仍然发生的严重暴行，它影响了百万人，尤其是妇女和女孩。
millions:百万
If compassion can only be activated by sustained attention, which is prevented by fast - cut editing, then the ability to be genuinely moved by another ’s story could atrophy.
如果只能通过持续的关注激活同情心，而这种关注又受到快速切编辑的阻碍，那么，被他人的故事真正打动的能力就会萎缩。
cut:切
In healthy adults, the hippocampus — a part of the brain important to the formation of memories — begins to atrophy around 55 or 60.
对于健康的成年来说，海马状凸体——大脑对记忆编队非常重要的一部分，在55岁到60岁之间开始萎缩。
formation:编队
I had surgery to remove it, but the size and location of the tumor caused my optic nerve to atrophy.
可以通过手术摘掉它，但是瘤的大小和位置造成我的视觉神经萎缩。
tumor:瘤
Do people who have taken this option show a reversal, or at least a slowing, of brain atrophy?
但选项这些治疗的人们真的逆转或至少是减慢了大脑的萎缩吗？
option:选项
In the time it takes for broken bones to heal, nearby muscles often atrophy from lack of use.
在骨折痊愈的过程中，断骨附近的肌肉往往因为缺少锻炼而萎缩。
lack:缺少
This will open a new window where an existing or a new database connection can be attached to this project.
这将打开一个新窗口，可以在此将一个现有的或者新数据库联系附加到该项目。
connection:联系
They all use the platform to promote the culture of their countries and tourism, with pictures, texts, or videos attached.
他们都利用这个平台来提升各自国家的文化和旅游业，附加着照片，文字，抑或是影片。
videos:影片
The source table must be a nonpartitioned table or a partitioned table that has only one partition and no attached or detached partitions.
源表必须是非分区表，或者是只拥有一个分区且没有已附加或已分割的分区的分区表。
partition:分割
A mediation attached to that destination can read these values using the message context part of the incoming message.
附加到该目的地的中介可以使用传入消息的消息语境部分来读取这些值。
context:语境
For example, an attachment module might record the name, location, and size of a file in its own table, then associate that information with a story node.
例子，一个附件模块可能在它自己的表中记录一个文件的名称、位置和大小，然后将该信息关联到一个故事节点。
example:例子
The release of neurotransmitter molecules from one neuron and their attachment to receptor sites on another keep a nerve impulse moving.
神经递质分子从一个神经原发布后，附着到另一个接受点，令神经冲动保持运动的状态。
release:发布
It is particularly dangerous because the attacker does not need a powerful machine or a powerful network connection to perform this attack.
因为攻击者不需要功能强大的机器或高速的网络联系来执行这种攻击，所以它特别危险。
connection:联系
The important thing in life is to have a great aim, and the determination to attain it.
人生重要的事情就是决心一个伟大的目标，并决心实现它。 (德国诗人、戏剧家歌德.
determination:决心
Jack admits that there may be someone inside CTU involved in that assassination attempt, and he appeals to Mason for help.
他向梅森承认了，也许在反恐组中有人参与了这个暗杀试图，接着，他请求梅森提供帮助。
attempt:试图
As I grew into my twilight years, in one last desperate attempt, I settled for changing only my family, those closest to me, but alas, they would have none of it.
然后，我走入了自己的迟暮之年，我不顾一切地进行最后一次尝试，决心要改变我的家人，我身边亲近的人。但，哎，他们也没有任何被我所改变。
none:没有任何
An option lets you choose if registration should be attempted later if errors occur.
其中一个选项用于选项发生错误时是否稍后尝试进行注册。
option:选项
Integration with attendance details is beyond the scope of this article, which focuses on basic event information, such as event title and when and where the event is taking place.
集成考勤详细信息不在本文讨论的范围内，考勤详细信息描述的是基本事件信息，例如事件标题和事件发生的时间和地点。
attendance:考勤
If there are no other questions, thank you for your attendance.
如果没有其他问题了，感谢各位考勤。
attendance:考勤
Judging by this footage from the rehearsal, the athletes and dignitaries in attendance are in for a spectacular opening showcase.
从彩排的这个片段来看，考勤的运动员和政要将参加一场壮观的开幕式。
attendance:考勤
Otherwise, they tend to shrink to a few diehards for whom meeting attendance has become a way of life.
不同的是，他们趋向于缩小成一小部分坚定分子，对于他们来说会议考勤已经成为生活的一种方式。
attendance:考勤
Forty-six foreign royals will be in attendance, including the Prince of Bahrain, whose country was recently criticised by Foreign Secretary William Hague for its human rights record.
四十六位外国王室成员将考勤婚礼，其中包括巴林王子，他的国家最近因人权纪录问题被英国外交大臣威廉•海格严厉批评。
attendance:考勤
With the leaders of Japan, France, Germany and Italy in attendance, it may have been the highest -level talk about trees ever held.
日本，法国，德国以及意大利的领导人也考勤了这次会议，此次会议有望成为有史以来关于森林问题的最高级别会议。
attendance:考勤
But as he paid no attention to her, the young man was nothing to her.
但是，由于他一点也不注意力她，这青年人在她眼里也就是无所谓的了。
attention:注意力
Place this tag next to the field to point out exactly what the user should focus his/her attention on.
将这个标签放到下一个字段中，从而精确地说明用户应该重点注意力哪些内容。
attention:注意力
As recently as 2002, an international group of leading neuroscientists found it necessary to publish a statementarguing passionately that attention deficit hyperactivity disorder was a real condition.
早在2002年，一个由多国重要的神经科学家构成的研究小组认为有必要发布一个声明，声明中坚决主张注意力缺陷多动障碍症也是一种疾病。
attention:注意力
Children with the severest for m, called “attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ”, exhibit such disruptive behaviour that it impairs their learning and function at home and at school.
多动症最严重的一种形式叫做"注意力缺陷多动障碍"，患这类多动症的孩子，其行为的破坏性甚至严重到影响他们的正常生活和学习。
attention:注意力
Objective :To explore risk factors of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder comorbid with oppositional defiant disorder in children.
目的：探讨儿童注意力缺陷多动障碍共患对立违抗性障碍的危险因素。
attention:注意力
Objective To explore the temperament characteristic of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) children and psychology therapy.
目的探讨注意力缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）儿童的气质特征及心理治疗。
attention:注意力
To analysis the neuropsychological characteristics of different subtypes of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
分析注意力缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）儿童不同亚型的神经心理特征。
attention:注意力
Objective: To investigate the primary cause of the children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and its therapy.
目的：探讨儿童注意力缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）的病因及抗病毒药物治疗。
attention:注意力
Objective :To study the clinical application of the Intermediate Visual and Auditory Continuous Performance Test (IVA - CPT) on children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
目的：研究儿童注意力缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）视听整合连续性行为测试（IVA-CPT）的临床应用。
attention:注意力
Objective To explore the clinical effect of atomoxetine on children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD )comorbid tic disorder.
目的探讨盐酸托莫西汀治疗共患抽动障碍的注意力缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）的临床疗效。
attention:注意力
The study of the relationship between the subtypes of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and etiologic factors.
注意力缺陷多动障碍分型及致病因素的研究。
attention:注意力
Objective To discuss the diagnosis and types of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and their difference in gender.
目的探讨注意力缺陷障碍（ADHD）儿童的诊断、分型和性别差异。
attention:注意力
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a complex disorder which relates to many factors such as enviromental, psychological and genetic influence.
注意力缺损多动障碍（ADHD）是一种多基因疾病，它的发病与环境心理和遗传因素有关。
Attention:注意力
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a psychiatric disorder characterized by the behavioral symptoms of inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity.
注意力缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）是指一种以注意力缺陷、多动、冲动的行为表现为主要特征的精神病理障碍。
Attention:注意力
Objective: To study the therapeutic effect of EEG biofeedback training on children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
目的：研究脑电生物反馈训练治疗儿童注意力缺陷多动障碍（ADHD）的效果。
attention:注意力
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common childhood -onset behavioral.
注意力缺损多动障碍（ADHD）是儿童期多见行为障碍。
Attention:注意力
Yet beneath these attention - grabbing markers of gender parity, there's plenty to make a feminist squirm.
然而，下面这些注意力抢占标志性别平等，有很多女权主义者，使蠕动。
attention:注意力
IMA elevation is non -specific and hence may attenuate any prognostic significance if it is used for prognosis before first establishing the diagnosis.
IMA水平海拔是不确定的，因此如果在第一次确诊诊断之前使用这种预后手段，就可能减弱其预后显著性。
elevation:海拔
These days it is common for people to take medications to allevi­ate intense sadness or agony, to attenuate the depth of mourning.
这些日子以来，人们普遍采用药物治疗来减轻强烈的悲伤或痛苦，减弱丧的深度。
mourning:丧
Following the mixers, an IF filter and a RF filter are used to attenuate unwanted harmonics or interference respectively.
在搅拌机后面，分别使用IF滤波器和RF滤波器来衰减不期望的谐波或干扰。
mixers:搅拌机
We will not assert the privilege in court without first following a formal process, including review by a Justice Department committee and the personal approval of the Attorney General.
我们不会在没有首先通过正式程序──包括由司法部一个委员会进行审核并由司法部长亲自赞同──的情况下行使这项特权。
approval:赞同
Inspector General Fine blames the situation on a lack of oversight, but says there is no evidence that former Attorney General Gonzales was aware of Goodling's actions.
督察长法恩把这个问题归咎于缺少监督，但是他说，并没有证据表明，前司法部长冈萨雷斯当时知道古德林的这些行动。
lack:缺少
According to the law of attraction, you attract what want in your life.
通过吸引力力法则，你吸引力到自己想在人生中得到的东西。
attraction:吸引力
In between attraction material, let her see you interacting with other people.
在吸引力的材料之间，让她看到你和其他人交流。
attraction:吸引力
He could draw men round him and keep them bound to him; while his powerful attraction was there, disruption was out of the question.
他能够把人们吸引力到他的周围而且保持他们的忠心；而他的强大吸引力力所在之处，就不可能有分裂。
attraction:吸引力
In some cultures it is a sign of attraction, while in others it may reflect status or the intensity of the exchange.
在一些文化中，这是吸引力的一种信号，在其他的一些文化中，则反映了地位或者交流的程度。
attraction:吸引力
And why? What are you running away from that this dream has such attraction for you?
那为什么呢，你是怎么摆脱这种对于你来说如此吸引力人的梦想的呢？
attraction:吸引力
You need to get an education on how attraction works for women... and the RIGHT things to do up front to give her those emotional / physical feelings inside.
你必须要明白吸引力如何在女人那儿发挥效能的......和在她们面前最好做些什么，才能让她们情感和生理上都情怀的到。
feelings:情怀
For example, one important attribute is origin: Where did the requirement come from?
例子，一个重要的属性是来源：这条需求是从哪里来的？
example:例子
If it is in a database, each row describes a user and each column contains an attribute of that user.
如果这些信息在数据库中，则每一行描述一个用户，而每一柱子则包含该用户的一个属性。
column:柱子
My son is as attuned to nonverbal cues as any older members of our family.
我儿子对非语言线索的理解能力不逊于我家任何比他年长的人。
cues:线索
All were watching somebody in the garden with deep interest, their three faces close together: a jovial and round one, a pale one with dark hair and a fair one whose tresses were auburn.
她们三个人把脸挤在一起，饶有兴趣地注视着花园里某个人；在她们中间，一是一张快活的圆脸，一是长着黑头发的灰白脸，还有一是长着红褐色鬈发的白净脸。
one:一
And during the auction, some celebrities even began throwing in other extras to winners.
在拍卖期间，有些名人甚至开始为获胜者提供其他临时演员的奖品。
extras:临时演员
Mr Obama wants to auction off, rather than give away, permits to emit carbon dioxide.
奥巴马想对二氧化硫的排放许可进行拍卖，而不是采取分发的方式。
dioxide:二氧化硫
I got the chance to paint a bowl, which they're going to auction off for charity here at the tournament.
我找了个机会来漆碗，他们会拿来在锦标赛中做慈善机构拍卖。
charity:慈善机构
This collection of hacks, tips and tools runs the gamut from audio recording to encrypted drives, and even some weirder uses you might not expect.
这里收藏了一些技巧秘诀，还有一些工具，从音频录制到驱动器加密，甚至一些你没曾想过的新奇用法。
collection:收藏
After a nine -month silence, for instance, bin Laden released a 22 - minute audiotape on March 14, sharply condemning the recent Israeli invasion of Gaza.
比如,安静9个月后,3月14日, 本拉登发布了长达22分钟的录音带, 很尖锐地批评了最近以色列对于加沙地带的侵犯.
silence:安静
Each copy of Greening Industry includes a CD-ROM which provides a large set of reference materials, databases and audio -visual presentations.
《绿色工业》报告附赠一个光盘，提供大量参考资料、数据库和音像演示文稿。
presentations:演示文稿
If you do not specify anything for this clause, audit records from all databases in the instance are eligible for extraction.
如果该子句未指定任何内容，那么可以萃取来自实例中任何数据库的审计记录。
extraction:萃取
It converts auditory input into vibrations that trigger the same sound - processing area of the brain as someone with functioning hearing.
它将听力讯息转换成振动波，这种振动波会触发大脑中与拥有听力的人一样的声音处理区域。
hearing:听力
With their highly good old factory and auditory powers and sometimes visual powers, much greater than ours, they can detect what's worth their attention or not.
他们有自己一直就有的很好的“制造厂“,有听觉能力，有视觉能力，有时比我们还好，他们可以察觉什么值得他们注意力。
attention:注意力
For instance, from birth the auditory cortex will receive only sound or the visual cortex will receive only visual input.
比如说，人诞生以后，大脑的听觉皮层就只接收声音信号，而视觉皮层只接收视觉信号。
birth:诞生
Malayan pangolin is released from its cage after being confiscated by the Department of Wildlife and Natural Parks in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on Aug. 8, 2002.
2002年8月8日。马来西亚吉隆坡，一只马来亚穿山甲在被自然野生动物园相关部门没收后被释放出笼。
cage:笼
If you are building a back -end program that would augment parts belonging to an item, first retrieve the PIDs of the items that satisfy the query.
如果您正在构建后端程序，该程序需要增加属于条目的部分，那么首先请检索满足询问的条目的PID。
query:询问
Casey said in addition to measures taken by the international community, the United States could augment sanctions it already has in place against Mr. Mugabe and key associates.
凯西说，除了国际社会采取的措施之外，美国也可能在现有对穆加贝及其主要帮凶的制裁措施的基础上添加新的制裁。
addition:添加
Increment 2 is the largest effort ever undertaken to augment the lethality of the B - 2 weapon system.
增量2项目是美军有史以来规模最大的研发工作，以增量B-2武器系统杀伤力。
Increment:增量
Malnutrition, so often caused by sheer poverty, can be ameliorated with nutritious easy -to- grow vegetables to augment the starchy local diet.
常常由极端贫困造成的营养不良可以通过在当地多淀粉的膳食中增加富有营养、易于种植的蔬菜予以改善。
poverty:贫困
The customs can be roughly divided into five kinds: marriage and love, fete, augury, agricultural activities and others.
把《诗经》中的风俗分为婚恋、祭祀、占卜、农事和其他的，一共五个大类。
others:其他的
Indeed, such “quantitative easing ” is an augury for the option to be tried in extremis: reflating the economy by printing money to finance budget deficits.
在采取印钞票平衡赤字的政策之前，像购买资产这样的“量化缓和货币政策”是可取的。政府复苏经济的最后一根救命稻草是通过印钞票来减少赤字，但是风险是会引发通货膨胀，这有饮鸩止渴的意味。
easing:缓和
It was the kind of card that you used to get from a grandmother or an aging aunt or, in this case, a dying father.
这是一种你过去经常从祖母或年迈的姑妈那里收到的种类贺卡，而这次却从不久于人世的父亲那儿收到了。
kind:种类
Another aunt — this one elderly and a real lover of palm wine — went on and on about a family friend who married a Korean woman.
另一伯母——这位年岁较大，是一真正的棕榈酒爱好者——不停地谈论着一位和韩国女人结婚的家族朋友。
one:一
Umbrella aunty. The beauty of a hard worker is the most beautiful.
卖雨伞的阿姨。这种用工的美丽是最美丽的。
beauty:美丽
You would have to hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house, plus a few people to take care of the gardens, and probably an au pair or two to take care of the children.
你得雇一俩个人来打扫所有的房间，再雇好几个人来打理花园，也很可能还需要一俩个保姆关心孩子们。
care:关心
He said the solution was not to employ a nanny or au pair until after the baby's first birthday.
他说，解决方案之道是在婴儿一岁生日之前，不要聘请保母或工读专案安亲天使。
solution:解决方案
Chris from Chicago, is the creator behind this fun and cool looking piece of art named “mechanical aural communication device ”.
克里斯来自芝加哥，他是这件外观乐趣又很酷的艺术作品的创造者，作品的名称是“机械听觉沟通设备”。
fun:乐趣
The genetic sequence of this Aussie monotreme (a type of mammal) is detailed in the May 8 issue of the journal Nature.
这只澳洲单孔目动物（哺乳动物的一种）的基因顺序公布在5月8日出版的《自然》杂志上。
sequence:顺序
Yet winter holds an austere beauty, and the lack of visitors, other than furtive squirrels and feral cats, means that I can be alone with my thoughts during my frequent winter sojourns to the garden.
然而冬季孕育着一种朴素的美丽，除了鬼鬼祟祟的松鼠和野猫罕有拜访者，这就意味着我可以经常在冬天去我的园圃旅居，独自一人冷静思考。
beauty:美丽
Nothing like that has happened in Europe — yet. But it’s certainly within the realm of possibility, especially as the pain of austerity and internal devaluation drags on.
在欧洲还没有发生这样的事情，但肯定在可能性性范畴之内，尤其是随着财政紧缩与内部贬值痛苦的持续，这种可能性会增大。
possibility:可能性
Q. (Will Buxton – Australasian Motorsport News) To all drivers: going back to the point of safe driving and punishments handed out by stewards.
问：（请问巴克斯顿-澳大利亚赛车新闻）为所有司机：回到观点的安全驾驶和处罚由干事。
point:观点
This is a story about a few people I've known who lived "on the margin ," and how I believe Austrian thinking applies to them and probably countless others like them.
这个故事是关于我所认识的那些住“在边缘”的人，以及我是如何认识到到奥地利学派思维解释了他们和其他的无数同样人的处境的。
others:其他的
With the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy in 1918, Slovenians joined the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, later renamed (1929) the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
随着1918年奥匈帝国的瓦解，斯洛文尼亚联合塞尔维亚人（Serbs）、克罗地亚人（Croats）和斯洛文尼亚（Slovenes）成立南斯拉夫王国。
Slovenes:斯洛文尼亚
When the whimsical techies at Pixar and a moody German auteur are sending out the same message, it may be time to pay attention.
当异想天开的皮克斯工程师和情绪化的德国导演发出同样的信息时，也许我们该报以注意力了。
attention:注意力
People who participate feel like they know me, because my heart, my authentic self, my gratitude, is all up in this thing.
那些参与活动的人们感到他们认识我，因为我的心，真实的自己，我的感恩，全都投入在这件事情上。
self:自己
Pursuing personal growth is a powerful thing. But it should be used to uncover and cultivate a more authentic self.
追求个体发展是一件很强大的事，但是我们应该用其来揭示和培养更真实的自己。
self:自己
This includes the ability for the external entity, such as a middleware server, to use the existing database connection under a different user without the need to authenticate the new connection user.
例如，一个外部实体，比如说一个中间件服务器，可以使用不同用户名下已有的数据库联系，而不需要对新的联系用户进行认证的能力。
connection:联系
For example, you can extend the interface to provide the contents of a key file that your application uses to authenticate users.
例子，可以扩展这个接口来提供您应用程序用来验证用户身份的一个关键文件的内容。
example:例子
SSL might be used to authenticate the channel connection but the identity obtained is not propagated to the API layer unless an exit is present.
可以使用SSL 对通道联系进行身份验证，但是除非存在出口，否则所获得的身份不会传播到API层。
connection:联系
What this thesis studies is a remarkable authoress of British Victoria era.
本篇论文所要学习的是英国维多利亚时代一名杰出的女作家。
studies:学习
What this thesis studies is a remarkable authoress of America Jewish Isaac Bashevis Singer.
本篇论文所要学习的是一位杰出的美国犹太作家辛格。
studies:学习
This is useful if some problems have arisen in your production portal which cannot be reproduced in your authoring or staging environments.
但这在用户生产门户发生某些问题（无法在创作或登台环境中复制）时非常有用。
authoring:创作
But this is not a magic solution to dictatorship or authoritarian rule.
但是这并不是一个解决方案独裁和专制制度的魔术办法。
solution:解决方案
This approach would give us a true measure of authoritarianism, left and right, and we would know how many of each kind existed and something about their backgrounds.
这个方法会让我们更有效地措施人们的威权主义倾向、左右翼倾向，以及每类人的具体数量和他们的背景。
measure:措施
Many businessmen believe that authoritarianism in China has been a necessary factor behind the economy's rapid growth.
许多生意人相信中国的独裁主义是经济快速生长背后的必要因素。
growth:生长
For example, two developers working on a new feature could work on a common branch and share work with each other independent of an "authoritative" server.
例子，两个开发者能够在相同的分支上共同开发一个新特性而且不需要一个“权威”的服务器即可互相分享工作成果。
example:例子
Listing 4 shows how to authorize the connection and log in to your new server.
清单4展示了如何授权这个联系并登录您的新服务器。
connection:联系
The next one, I think I'm up to six, in spite of the fact of talking about authorship of all these documents, part of modern historical criticism questions the authenticity of authorship all the time.
下一点，我想这是第6点了,恶意讨论所有这些文档的来源，现代历史批判法在某些方面也一直质疑,来源的真实性。
spite:恶意
The authorship controversy turns on two things: snobbery and the assumption that, in a literal way, you are what you write.
主要的争议集中在两方面：势力眼势利的假设，在文学层面上，作者就是他笔下的人物。
snobbery:势利
This is what I think autism societies should be about: not mourning for what never was, but exploration of what is.
我认为孤独症社团的定位应当是：不去为从未存在过的而悲哀，而要去勘探和认识真实的存在。
exploration:勘探
From Down syndrome to autism, the disabilities that exclude children from most cheerleading squads have brought them together in this one.
被大多数啦啦队排斥，患唐氏综合症和自闭症等病的孩子们集中在这一啦啦队中。
one:一
Once that new goal is on auto pilot, only then do you start on your next goal.
一旦那个目标已开始汽车运行了，你才能开始着手进行下一个目标的设定。
auto:汽车
Would it be useful to have auto face detection technology, or is this not necessary?
具有汽车人脸检测技术的相机有用吗？抑或这是不必要的？
auto:汽车
If you have the auto claim feature enabled for your model, the potential owner becomes the owner of this task without further action.
如果模型启用了汽车认领特性，潜在的所有者会变成这个任务的所有者，不需要执行其他操作。
auto:汽车
For example, if the metaprogramming system auto - generates a method within a class, but later that method must be tweaked, how do you implement something like that?
例子，如果元编程系统自动生成类中的一个方法，但是后来又必须对这个方法进行修改，那么应该如何实现这种功能呢？
example:例子
Moreover this environment variable ensures auto timeout after inactivity for the interval of time for any login mechanism used to log into the system.
此外，该环境变量还为任何用于登录系统的登录机制，确保在一定时间间隔的不活跃之后汽车超时。
auto:汽车
As you probably remember from Part 1, the form auto - saving should not interfere with the application logic.
也许您还记得，在第 1部分中，表单的汽车保存不应该干扰应用程序逻辑。
auto:汽车
For the computer savvy individual, you can set up your daily or weekly schedule to give you an auto - reminder of you resolution.
对那些用惯电脑的人，你可以给自己设置一个每天或者每周的汽车提示，定期提醒你的决定。
auto:汽车
This type of vulnerability exists in all frameworks that allow auto - binding, or where the user can control the business process of the application.
只要框架允许汽车绑定或者用户可以控制应用的业务处理，那么应用都有可能存在上面提到的两个问题。
auto:汽车
There is no simple way round these limitations, but you can work to improve the quality of your whitelists and blacklists by using auto - processing of your e- mails and updating of your lists.
关于这些限制，并没有很简单的解决方法，但是通过使用电子邮件的汽车处理、并更新您的列表，您可以提高白名单和黑名单的质量。
auto:汽车
With hotplug support, you can often plug in a new device and use that device immediately because the system can use a hotplug event to auto - configure it.
有了热插拔的支持之后，就可以插入一个新设备并立即使用这个设备了，因为系统可以使用一个热插拔的事件来汽车配置它。
auto:汽车
But when that one document arrives that uses an uncommon encoding that cannot be auto - detected and is not specified in the document, properties are the only solution.
但是，当要处理的某一文档使用了不常用的编码（不能汽车检测该编码，并且没有在文档中指定）时，则属性是唯一的解决方案。
auto:汽车
The tanker crashed through the guardrail and fell 90 feet off the A4 Autobahn resulting in a huge explosion and fire which destroyed the load -bearing ability of the bridge.
油罐车撞毁防护栏，从90脚高坠落到A4高速公路上，引起剧烈爆炸，大火毁坏了大桥的负载能力。
feet:脚
The terrible dearth of information, the fictionalisation of our experience, there is hardly any gay autobiography, just novels, but why novelise it when the best of it is in our lives?
因信息的极度匮缺，而虚构化自身体验，致世间竟无一本同性恋者的自传，有的只是小说，而我们为何要制造幻象？那些最优秀者就在我们周围。
fictionalisation:虚构化
But this view misses the dark side of the bargain we made with the autocrat: we befriended him but enraged his population.
但是这一观点忽略了我们美国与独裁者便宜货的黑暗一面：我们照顾独裁者但是却激怒了人民。
bargain:便宜货
Auto - immune injection of artificial agents in the human body, the human body to stimulate the formation of an alien, the body can produce systemic reactions such as fever.
人工汽车免疫制剂注射于人体后，对人体形成一种外来刺激，可使机体产生发热等全身反应。
Auto:汽车
There is some evidence suggesting it is caused by a combination of auto - immune, genetic, and environmental factors.
有些证据表明白癜风是由自身免疫、遗传和环境因素相组合而引起的。
combination:组合
The cellular immune response mediated by NKG2D not only play an important role in immunosurveillance against tumor and infection, but also participate in some auto - immune diseases.
NKG2D介导的细胞免疫应答对于瘤或感染起着重要的免疫监视作用，同时与某些自身免疫性疾病也密切相关。
tumor:瘤
Aim To explore the mechanism of the immune tolerance induced by the auto- islets in the intermingled skin grafting.
目的探索混合皮肤嫁接中，自体皮岛诱发嫁接免疫耐受的免疫机制。
grafting:嫁接
These antibodies to cow- milk also attack human insulin and may be the trigger for the autoimmune response that causes diabetes.
这些牛奶蛋白抗体也攻击人的胰岛素，还可能扳机导致糖尿病的自体免疫反应。
trigger:扳机
Other schools of thought have portrayed autism as essentially an autoimmune response, or the result of a nutritional deficiency.
而另外一些研究者认为，自闭症的本质是自身免疫反应，或者是营养不足的结果。
deficiency:不足
Insufficient vitamin D is our most important vitamin deficiency and is possibly a factor in our high levels of cancer, autoimmune ailments and heart disease.
维生素D是我们最不足的维生素，这大概是美国人癌症、自身免疫疾病和心脏病比例偏高的原因。
deficiency:不足
This section explains how to automate resource management using command line scripts.
本节解释如何使用命令行剧本自动化资源管理。
scripts:剧本
Now that you have performed these tasks, you know how to automate management of cloud computing resources using command line scripts.
在执行这些任务之后，您就了解了如何使用命令行剧本自动化云计算资源的管理。
scripts:剧本
Bruce Dale, Palmdale, California, 1977, Streams of light trace a Lockheed TriStar landing on automatic pilot.
戴尔，光的流线痕迹着一架靠自动导航降落的洛克希德三星喷气飞机。
trace:痕迹
It's almost as though you don't have to think, it's like everything goes automatically without thinking … it's like you're on automatic pilot, so you don't have any thoughts.
你不必想法，一切都是自动运行，无需思想就像你有自动领航系统，因此你不必花费心思。
thoughts:想法
If there is a choice point in the automaton, RNGzip just transmits which transition was taken, and if it encounters the text transition, then the matching text is transmitted.
如果在自动机中有一个选择观点，那么RNGzip只传输已经完成的转换，如果遇到文本转换，则值传输匹配的文本。
point:观点
In fact, none of the automobile makes on display at the Garden that week exists today.
事实上，那一个星期在麦迪逊广场花园展览的汽车没有任何一辆幸存至今。
none:没有任何
The paradigm of the automobile or the aircraft industry, with a huge supply network, will also apply to software applications.
汽车或飞机行业的这种模式，具有巨大的供应网络，也将应用程序到软件应用程序。
applications:应用程序
Narasimhan said work on the display technology was born out of efforts to develop an LED automobile headlight system for driving in rain at night.
纳史木汗说，这种展示科技的工作是从开发一个可以在晚上下雨天驾驶用的LED汽车前灯系统的努力中衍生来的。
display:展示
In addition, these networks can be fairly autonomous in that users in the network can add and invite other users to the network, thereby increasing its value.
此外，在这些网络中可以实现相当程度的自治，网络中的用户可以添加并邀请其他用户登录到该网络中，从而不断添加它的价值。
addition:添加
This can only be done by creating additional messaging engines for each of the servers in the cluster so that autonomous message processing can occur.
这仅通过为集群中的每个服务器创建额外的消息引擎来实现，以便启动自发的消息加工。
processing:加工
Veterinarians and others involved in the rescue rushed to New Jersey to examine a young Northern Right Whale found dead off Long Island hoping there would be clues to the sedation in an autopsy.
兽医和其他的一些相关拯救人员匆忙汇集新泽西，调查一头在长岛附近海域死去的壮年北方露脊鲸。他们希望通过解剖鲸鱼的尸体找到使鲸鱼镇定的线索。
others:其他的
I am afraid my eloquence did not avail against the facts.
恐怕我的口才也无补于事实了。
eloquence:口才
How to write papers successfully? Accomplish them within the deadline. If not – avail of information provided above for you to succeed.
如何成功写作论文？在规定期限内完成它们。要是没能写完，那就有用上述信息助你一臂之力。
avail:有用
Henry Jerome was part of the avant-garde; his band later brought the bop sound of Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie to conventional big - band fare by adding a lot of percussion and flash.
亨利·杰罗姆本人是先锋派艺术家之一。他的乐队日后加入打击器乐和快速即兴演奏，把查理·帕克和迪兹·葛拉斯比的国际收支平衡表爵士乐风带入传统的大乐队爵士乐中。
bop:国际收支平衡表
Beholders are hateful, aggressive, and avaricious, attacking or dominating others whenever they can get away with it.
眼魔令人生厌、好斗且贪得无厌，只要一有机会就会攻击或支配其他的生物。
others:其他的
Mrs. Beaufort may not -- but Beaufort certainly does, for she was seen walking up Fifth Avenue this afternoon with him by the whole of New York.
博福特太太可能不认识，但博福特却肯定认识，因为今天下午所有的纽约的人都看见她和他一起沿第五大街散步。
whole:所有的
Appearing at the Woodward Avenue Dream Cruise Classic Car Show in Detroit, proceeds from the sale of the cupcake went to cancer charity Passionately Pink for the Cure.
这块蛋糕在底特律的伍德沃得大街梦想之航经典车展上亮相，它的销售收益将捐献给“粉色激情治疗”癌症慈善机构组织。
charity:慈善机构
I'm afraid it will also take ten years to bring the aver age age of the leadership down close to the ideal.
领导层年轻化要达到比较理想的的状态，恐怕要十年时间。
ideal:理想的
To be popular with the readers, a dictionary of English idioms must, scholars aver, meet the following requirement: high quality translation of the example sentences.
有识之士曾经断言：英语习语字典要倍受读者的青睐，必须具备的基本条件是字典例句译文质量上乘。
dictionary:字典
This is very important, which is why I am doing it :" If we want to know how fast a human being can run, then it is no use to average out the speed of a "good sample" of the population;
这话非常重要，存在我作这个研究的原因：，“如果想知道人类最快能跑多快，那从好的样本中测出平均数存在“，没用的；
being:存在
"The bird had to have been stolen ," said Marcia Habib, the owner of the aviary who said she saw nothing unusual on the day of the disappearance.
“这只鸟肯定是被偷走了，”该鸟舍老板MarciaHabib说，她在富兰克林消失当天未发现任何异常。
disappearance:消失
GE Aviation Supplying the core processing system, cockpit display systems, on- board maintenance systems and flight recorders with partner AVIC Systems.
通用航空同中航系统合作提供核心进程系统，座舱展示系统，机上维护系统和飞行记录仪
display:展示
“You can live a lifetime and, at the end of it, know more about other people than you know about yourself, ” aviator Beryl Markham cautioned.
“你过完一生，在生命结尾时，了解别人比了解自己更多”，飞行员拜瑞勒·玛珂涵说。
end:结尾
Your baby is nearly the size of an avocado but he is about to enter a period of tremendous growth when he ’ll rapidly add to his weight and length.
婴儿已经接近鳄梨般大小了，但他将进入飞跃生长的时段，到那时他的体重和长度都会迅速增加。
growth:生长
In the watershed, industry avocation and fruit are main income sources, the amount and sources of income in different type of village have a great difference.
该小流域工副业和果业是农民收入的主要来源，不同之处村落类型间农民收入及收入构成差异显著；
difference:不同之处
The cost and customer dissatisfaction associated with returning product damaged in transit, for example, is totally avoidable — but not always recognized.
例子，成本与客户不满意和被退回产品在途中损坏有关，这是完全可以避免的，但往往被忽略。
example:例子
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says avoidable behaviors like cigarette use, poor diet and lack of exercise are the underlying cause of half of the deaths in the United States.
美国疾病预防控制中心表示，美国有一半的死亡是受到吸烟、不合理饮食以及缺少运动等行为的潜在影响，而这些行为都是可以避免的。
lack:缺少
But there is an entirely different set of crises —ones that are avoidable — that can also damage an organization.
除此之外，还存在另一种危机—这种危机可以避免—但仍然可以毁掉那些企业。
ones:那些
Most maternal deaths are avoidable, as the health- care solutions to prevent or manage complications are well known.
孕产妇死亡人数大多是可以避免的，因为人人都了解可预防或控制并发症的保健方案。
deaths:死亡人数
If, under Clause 31, the Employer shall employ other Contractors on the Site, he shall require them to have the same regard for safety and avoidance of danger.
如果根据第31条的规定，业主在现场还雇佣其他承包人时，业主应要求这样的承包人在安全和回避危险方面负有同样的责任。
avoidance:回避
The researchers' hypothesis on incest avoidance was that near ovulation, women are motivated to avoid affiliation with male kin (fathers) but not mothers, to avoid the potential costs of inbreeding.
研究人员的乱伦回避的假说是说，临近排卵期，女性会有动机回避与其男性亲属（父亲）接触而不是母亲，以回避潜在的近亲繁殖的代价。
avoidance:回避
Standards lose their vitality and context, with teams ignoring them through lack of familiarity or deliberate avoidance.
标准失去了他们的生命力和上下文，因缺少熟悉或故意地避免，团队忽视了标准。
lack:缺少
It says other measures, such as school closure, avoidance of large gatherings, antibiotics and personal hygiene are also needed.
诸如像学校停课、回避群聚、注射抗生素和注意个人卫生等其他措施也是必要的。
avoidance:回避
You can never go wrong by playing the field -- remember: not even trying is the biggest avoidance of all.
你在追求感情时不能出错——记住：不去尝试是需要回避的最大的忌讳！
avoidance:回避
These types of gamblers exhibit high levels of harm avoidance, social distancing and alcohol abuse.
这种赌徒表现出高度的回避伤害，远离社会和滥用酒精。
avoidance:回避
No longer was I the avuncular, benevolent doctor - I was a human being.
我不再存在一个有威严而仁慈的医生-我存在个普通人。
being:存在
Bound for Cuba, where the refugees were to await their entry permits into the United States, the St Louis became a pawn in a political power game.
圣路易斯号驶往古巴，难民们在那里等待入口美国的通行证，而圣路易斯号却成为一场政治权力斗争的筹码。
entry:入口
On the other side of the screen, millions eagerly await these minute messages.
屏幕的另一端，百万粉丝们热切地等待着这些微小的信息。
millions:百万
After that, the server will await a connection from the client.
之后，服务器将等待来自客户机的联系。
connection:联系
By seeing and feeling the spark of the divine in someone, it became awake and it was their divine essence that performed the healing, not I.
通过看到并感受到他人内在的神圣的闪光，他就开始觉醒并且是他们的神圣的本质完成了疗愈，不是我。
divine:神圣的
But then you might think, What if this cell could wake up many others, and what if those cells could awaken still more?
但是然后你会想，这个细胞如果唤醒其他的很多细胞会怎样呢，那些细胞再去唤醒更多的又会怎样？
others:其他的
There is a kind of investigative reporting — specifically, the kind that reveals poverty, inequality and social injustice — that aspires to awaken the civic conscience by means of shock therapy.
有一种调查报告——特别是种类揭露贫穷、不平等和社会不公正的——想要通过震撼疗法来唤醒公民的良心。
kind:种类
And that person, the homeless one, became this luxurious one because of an awakening.
那个人，那个无家可归的人，因为一次唤醒，变成这个奢侈的人。
awakening:唤醒
Having a spiritual awakening as a result of these steps, we tried to carry this message to others, and to practice these principles in all our affairs.
通过这些步骤，我们的精神得以升华唤醒，我们努力把这些信条传达给他人，并应用于我们生活中的一切事物。
awakening:唤醒
The chances of killing a sleepwalker due to the shock of sudden awakening, however, is about as likely as somebody expiring from a dream about dying.
引起梦游者死亡的可能性是由于震惊突然唤醒，但是，梦游者在梦里也同样会有从断气到死亡的挣扎过程。
shock:震惊
Over a thundering drum section and anarchic screech of a cuica, the singer praised Pitanguy for “awakening the self-esteem in each ego ” with a“ scalpel guided by heaven.
一阵雷鸣般的鼓声和锯加鼓的尖声刺耳过后，一个歌者歌颂皮坦基用“上帝引导的手术刀”“唤醒了每个自己的自尊”。
self:自己
In an industry awash in cutesy metaphors, it's no surprise when another one pops up and grabs the popular imagination of creative business and IT people.
在一充斥着蹩脚比喻的行业，突然有人跳出来并抓住富有创造力的业务和IT人员的想象力，这一点也不奇怪。
one:一
Look at a bug in the grass with as much curiosity and awe as your child does and you will notice how amazing the world around you is.
像你的孩子们一样带着好奇心和敬畏的心情看草丛中的一只小虫，你会发现你周围的世界时如此的神奇。
curiosity:好奇心
If you didn’t see last years collection of 50mm prime shots check them out: “80 Awe -Inspiring Photographs Taken With a“ Nifty Fifty ”
如果你没有欣赏去年收藏的50mm镜头拍摄的优秀照片，查看下这个：“利用‘漂亮50’拍摄出的80副令人惊叹的照片。”
collection:收藏
Whether your movie interest is cartoons, crime, music, horror etc, you can create awesome animation effects using this software.
无论是卡通、犯罪、音乐、恐怖等任何题材，你都可以使用该软件创建非常棒的动画片效果。
animation:动画片
Sims was awestruck. "There," he said after a long silence, pointing down at the lake, "is where I'd really love to get a sample ."
此情此景让西姆斯敬畏不已。他安静了许久，然后指着下方的熔岩湖说，“我真想去那里取点样品回来。”
silence:安静
What message was it meant to convey to an awestruck world?
此次阅兵想要向这个敬畏畏惧的世界传达怎样的讯息呢？
awestruck:敬畏
Whether it ’s an awful or a brilliant one has a lot more to do with you than it does the idea.
它是一糟糕的主意还是一杰出的主意更多的取决于你怎么做而不是主意本身是好是坏。
one:一
And the kids soon learn that all projects go awry -- (Laughter) and become at ease with the idea that every step in a project is a step closer to sweet success, or gleeful calamity.
然后孩子们马上就发现所有的项目都出了差错但同时也造就了一个舒适的想法，那就是在项目中的每一个过程都让你向甜蜜的成功靠拢，或者是一个欣喜的灾难。
ease:舒适
NOTE: Some of the charts may also use two Y axes to show the data, allowing you to see the relationships between multiple items on the charts that have very different values.
笔记：一些图表也可以使用两个Y轴来显示数据，从而允许您在拥有完全不同的值的图表上查看多个项之间的关系。
NOTE:笔记
AXIOM provides all this while it makes the resulting complexity transparent to the user.
AXIOM提供了所有这些特性，同时幕后的复杂性对用户是透明的的。
transparent:透明的
Ax which is the unit vector in the x direction, y plus Ay y roof Z plus Az Z roof.
,乘以向量X，AX，times，X，roof，也就是X方向的单位矢量，加上Ay乘以向量,加上Az乘以向量。
x:X
Spitting does great harm to public health. Have u ever noticed the street, the road... sputa everywhere, aye?
随地随地吐痰对公众健康危害巨大，你没有注意过街上路上么，到处都是痰。
Spitting:随地吐痰
All in favor of this proposition will please say "Aye ".
请所有赞成这项主张的人讲一声“赞成”。
proposition:主张
The global spa industry, for example, draws heavily on Asia's healing traditions, with Ayurvedic and Chinese therapies often incorporated into spa regimens across the world.
例子，全球温泉疗养产业严重依赖于亚洲的治疗传统，阿育吠陀和中医治疗常常被纳入到全世界的温泉疗养方案中。
example:例子
Also can plant the vivacious wood of some of short sex this flowerer, for example azalea, arrive florescence can blossom, the effect is very good also.
也可以种些矮性的多年生木本开花植物，例子杜鹃，一到开花期便会开花，效果也很好。
example:例子
Our goal with this release is to ensure that customers have a robust, proven B2B platform regardless of the technology they choose – EDI or XML.
这次发布的目标就是确保客户能够拥有一个健壮的、经过验证的B2B平台，而不用管他们选择的技术是电子数据交换还是XML。
EDI:电子数据交换
In the meantime, B2B, B2C, B2G, and B2E are now being recognized as vertical online markets, and wireless is about to subdivide them with new services targeting new user groups.
同时，现在B2B、B2C、B2G和B2E被认为是垂直的在线市场，而无线的技术将使用面向新用户群体的新服务再细分这些市场。
wireless:无线的
It helps to build and maintain scalable B2E, B2B, and B2C portals by providing a wide range of portal technologies, including backend integration, portlets, administration, and presentation.
它有助于构建并维护可升级的B2E、B2B和B2Cportals，这通过提供大量的门户技术来实现，包括后端一体化、portlets、管理及表示。
integration:一体化
The separated (B4) oil can thus be collected from the relatively ice -free water surface (WL1) with an oil collecting device (200), which may have for example a brush skimmer.
因此能从相对无冰的水面（WL1）上利用油收集装置（200）来收集分离出的油（B4），该油收集装置可例子具有刷式撇油器。
example:例子
K2- B4's colors also work well as the droid's name is a nod to crew members who are fans of the Los Angeles Lakers.
B4的颜色和它的名字一样，成功地对身为落杉矶湖人队粉丝的工作组成员们表达了敬意。
fans:粉丝
If your child often has a pacifier in his mouth, he may be less likely to babble and practice talking, or the pacifier may distort his speech.
如果你的宝宝经常含着奶嘴，那这样可能会减少宝宝牙牙学语，实践说话的机会，或者奶嘴可能会搅乱他的言语发展。
practice:实践
Pockets of silence are better than padding an interview with random babble.
片刻间歇的安静比用胡言乱语填充面试要更好。
silence:安静
Babel's muted celebration of his marvellous goal may have been the expression of a naturally reticent temperament, or it may have been a comment on his manager's lack of faith.
巴贝尔在精彩进球后作出的无声庆祝或许是出于他自身沉默寡言的性格，但这也有可能是他对球队教练缺少信心的不满。
lack:缺少
DOUGLAS ADAMS, the late lamented author of “The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy ”, dreamed up many comic creations. One of his greatest was the Babel fish.
已故的 "银河系搭车指南"的作者，道格拉斯.亚当斯在他的作品中创作过许多有趣的生物，其中最著名的有就要数“巴别鱼”了。
creations:创作
While not at all equally intrusive, the benefit of both the fictitious Babel Fish and today ’s add-on is essentially the same: translation.
虽然在面提到的两者在侵入性方面并不等价，但在用途方面，本质在那假想的巴别鱼和今天我们要介绍的这款火狐扩展是一样的，那就是它们都可以当我们的翻译。
on:在
They also pointed out that the Baby Boom generation, now beginning to retire, is the fattest cohort yet, which could significantly burden Medicare.
他们也指出现在正开始退休的婴儿潮一代还是最胖的一队列人显著地加重压于医疗保险制度。
cohort:队列
Giant pandas show little interest in sex behind bars but China nevertheless is looking forward to a baby boom with 10 females already pregnant and 23 on heat.
栅栏之中的大熊猫对性不感兴趣，但中国方面仍然期望一个熊猫的生育高峰：10只女性熊猫已经怀孕，另有23只正处于发情期。
females:女性
Toward the end of that period, even before the one- child policy, a baby boom ended, creating a relatively small group of children and elderly to be supported by a large group of able workers.
在毛泽东时代结尾时，甚至是在计划生育政策施行前一个婴儿潮已经结尾，这造就了一种相对占少数的老人和儿童人口由占大多数处于生产年龄人口抚养的人口结构。
end:结尾
A number of factors could be affecting the middle-aged, including taking care of aging baby-boomer parents, or coping with substance abuse or unemployment.
一系列的因素将会影响中年人群，比如说关心衰老的父母，或者是面对失业或者药物滥用。
care:关心
For example, he says, the Clinton campaign ★ established a presence [24] on the baby -boomer social- networking site Eons .com, and Clinton herself often urged listeners to visit www.hillaryclinton.com.
他说，例子，克林顿竞选班子在婴儿潮一代社交网站Eons.com确立优势地位，克林顿本人经常敦促听众访问www.hillaryclinton.com。
example:例子
Han chuan little sun carriage company lit was first founded in 1995, and it mainly produces children series products such as baby carriage and multifunction baby beds.
湖北小太阳儿童用品有限公司始建于1995年，主要生产婴儿手推车、多功能的童床等儿童系列用品。
multifunction:多功能的
It puts the trapeze artist to shame. Look at us, We run a tight rope daily, balancing a pile of books on the head. Baby- carriage, parasol, kitchen chair, still under control. Steady now!
它会使吊秋千的表演者都感到耻辱。每天我们过着崩紧的绳子样的生活，在头脑中堆积如山的书本中寻找平衡。婴儿车，阳伞，厨房讲座，现在仍然在牢牢的控制当中！
shame:耻辱
They have outstanding ability and courage and insight, just be in political appear innocent however, babyish.
他们都有过人的才能和胆识，只是在政治上却显得天真、幼稚的。
babyish:幼稚的
When we say babies do this and that even “before they learn to talk ,” we’re obviously not including baby talk and other language smarts.
当我们说婴儿“在学会讲话之前”就会这个或者那个的时候，显然没有把宝宝的语言和宝宝们其他的语言天赋包括在内。
talk:讲话
Baby talk is the language produced by an adult speaker who is trying to exaggerate certain aspects of the language to capture the attention of a young baby.
儿童般的讲话主要来源是成人尝试用夸张的外貌衬托语言去提起孩子的注意力。
talk:讲话
Differences: Dog - talk involved shorter sentences and more orders while baby - talk included more questions.
不同之处：和狗讲话的时候，人们喜欢使用短句和命令的句式。而和婴儿讲话的说更加喜欢使用疑问句。
talk:讲话
From baby-talk as its beginning and diaries as its ending, stylistic variation plays a critical role in this novel and is hence the fore grounded feature of it.
从开篇的儿童语体到结尾的日记体，文体变化成为推动小说发展的关键因素，因此也构成小说的突出特色。
variation:变化
Oh, baby when you talk like that, you make a woman go mad. So be wise (Si!) and keep on (Si!), reading the signs of my body.
噢，婴儿当你这样说话的时候，你会让一个女人为你发狂。所以聪敏点（是！），继续（是！）读出我身体发出的信号。
baby:婴儿
Oh baby, when you talk like that, you know you got me hypnotized. So be wise (Si!) and keep on (Si!). Reading the signs of my body.
噢，婴儿你这样说话的时候，你知道你已使我心醉魂迷。所以运用你的智慧（是！），继续（是！）阅读我身体发出的信号。
baby:婴儿
Talk to your baby from the moment of birth – in two or more languages if possible.
如果可能的话，刚诞生就和你的宝宝用两种语言说话。
birth:诞生
The spitting habit became the target of public health authorities after the discovery of the tuberculosis bacillus in 1882 by the German biologist Robert Koch.
随地随地吐痰的习惯成为公共卫生机构的根除目标，是在1882年德国生物学家科赫发现了肺结核杆菌之后。
spitting:随地吐痰
As saliva is one of the main vectors of infection and the tuberculosis bacillus can survive in spit for a whole day, spitting was outlawed in numerous countries.
由于唾液是传染的重要媒介，而且结核杆菌能在痰中存活一整天，因此在很多国家，随地吐就成为违法行为了。
spit:吐
These days it's all weed killing, backache and wishes. Outside in the sunrise garden roses are already awake, clematis climbs like a growing child and all the border marigolds are on fire.
日出时分的花园，玫瑰开得灿烂，铁线莲攀爬着就像一个不断长大的孩子，边上的金盏花一片火红。
sunrise:日出
Inevitably, all of us have got hurt, some of which are intentionally or unintentionally. contempt, inundation, backbiting, disguise, betrayal, cheat, departure, confrontation, abandonment …
无可避免，我们都曾受过他人有意无意、或大或小的伤害，鄙视，威压，中伤，隐瞒，欺骗，背叛，别离，对抗，抛弃…
contempt:鄙视
Playboy has whipped open the bathrobe on its latest plan to combat falling sales and the ready availability of free net smut – an online version of the magazine's entire 57 - year back catalogue.
针对Playboy杂志销售量量的下滑，Playboy已经开始新的计划，杂志将在自由的互联网上销售量---网上提供过去57年的每期杂志。
sales:销售量
In combination with rsync to back up, copy, and mirror files efficiently and securely to a local or remote host
组合rsync有效安全地备份、复制和镜像文件到一个本地或远程主机
combination:组合
Unfortunately these days the term archives is used extremely loosely: for example the computer term'archive' usually means making a back-up copy of data.
不幸的是，档案这一术语当下被极度滥用：例子，计算机术语的“档案”通常指的是备份数据。
example:例子
Conyoneering is a combination of climbing, caving, backcountry hiking, and rappelling.
攀峡组合了攀爬、凿洞、荒野远足以及攀绳下滑。
combination:组合
A perfect combination of fast access and all weather protection, the Primus AW was built for the backcountry.
完美组合的快速存取和全天候保护，普里默斯胡仙内置的穷乡僻壤。
combination:组合
Surface Durability: The concept of durability is an important one for all backcountry travelers to understand. The following natural surfaces respond differently to backcountry travel.
地表的耐久力：耐久力是需要所有野外旅行者懂得的一重要概念。以下的自然地表对野外行进有不同的反应。
one:一
Banff's backcountry paths access a wilderness world of silence and matchless beauty — cross country skis and snowshoes provide the means.
班夫的乡间小道通向一个宁静的、无与伦比、充满野性的美丽世界，你可以滑雪板或者溜冰到达那里。
skis:滑雪板
The Business Cycle Dating Committee of the NBER held a conference call on Sunday to call an end to the recession and back- date that optimistic event for the economy to June 2009.
该研究局商业年份测定委员会于周日举行新闻发布会，认定经济危机早已于2009年6月结尾，这无疑对经济界来说是一个振奋人心的消息。
end:结尾
Microsoft's forum contains 476 pages of complaints about lost and deleted e- mails that date back to early November.
从11月初至今，在微软论坛投诉邮件丢失和被删除的帖子达到476页数。
pages:页数
"This is about making her pile of chips bigger so she can use them to bargain with when the voting is done," says a longtime backer, who also believes she is making a play for a place on the ticket.
“这让她的筹码变大，也就可以在表决结束时用以讨价还价。”她的长期支持者说，这位支持者相信希拉里将进入下一代美国领导团队。
voting:表决
The $19.99 technique may actually backfire when a consumer is most concerned about quality, say, in a luxury item.
当消费者更关心商品，比如说一件奢华的质量时，19.99美元实际上还适得其反。
luxury:奢华
Players return to the site again and again to have fun, to beat their neighbors at backgammon, and to win prizes.
球员一次又一次的光顾该网站进行娱乐，打败他们backgammon游戏的对手，赢取奖金。
Players:球员
Clearly, there are times when a backhanded compliment really is a stab in the back.
很显然，过度的赞扬有时真的就像在你后背捅上一刀；
compliment:赞扬
The ZRM framework will automatically create a backing database to store data instances of this model definition.
ZRM框架将自动创建一个后盾数据库来存储这个模型定义的数据实例。
backing:后盾
France and Poland have called for his release, but support for him in Hollywood provoked an angry backlash.
法国和波兰呼吁发布他；而好莱坞对他的支持则激起了愤怒的反击。
release:发布
The hornet on season is their core health season, but they lack the backless stool depth.
黄蜂在上赛季是他们的核健康的赛季，但是他们缺少板凳深度。
core:核
When you’re about to have a G- spot orgasm, it might feel like you have to pee a little bit; some women back off at this point. Others “push through ” this sensation, and these are women who ejaculate.
当你即将要达到G点的性高潮时，你可能会感觉到你遗尿了，一些女人在这个时候抑制住了，其他的一些则继续了这一感觉，这些就是那些射精的女人。
Others:其他的
Seat by the frame, seat, backrest and adjust the composition of institutions.
座椅由骨架、座垫、靠背和调节机构等作品。
composition:作品
By analyzing Ming Style Drawing Table and Chair with Backrest in detail, study space scale, distribution and division relation.
对明式画案、靠背椅进行深入分析，量化学习其空间的比例、分布与分割关系。
study:学习
Auto workers now come back and road up resources which had been built before roads were available.
在那些已经改进资源但未修路的地方，汽车工人可以汽车给修路。
Auto:汽车
This is rough justice, as it was Apple that released backroom programmers from the far more restrictive walled gardens of the operators.
因为是苹果把“密室程序员”从“限制得多的密墙围起来的运营商花园”中解脱了出来，所以这个公平是“粗糙”的。
operators:运营商
Any lack of progress or backsliding on efforts to get the currency bloc's fiscal house in order will renew worries the crisis could seriously damage the world financial system and major economies.
若欧元区财政整顿行动缺少进展或是出现倒退,市场都将重又担心这场危机恐严重损害世界金融体系和主要经济体.
lack:缺少
My concern is giving these back - stabbing fanatics billions of our scarce dollars while they hide Al Quada and Taliban thugs in their country?
我忧虑的是我们给这些背后插刀的狂热者钱，尔他们却窝藏了基地组织和塔利班凶手？
concern:忧虑
At the back of his reeking street stall, a cage full of half-alive birds watch.
在他臭烘烘的街摊后边，一笼半死不活的鸡看着。
cage:笼
Whether it was the Backstreet Boys, N’Sync, O -town, 98 Degrees or any others, millions of girls all over the world went crazy over them.
无论是后街男孩、超级男孩、欧城男孩、98学位或者其他的男孩组合，世界各地都有无数的少女为他们疯狂。
Degrees:学位
The figures are hard to obtain in countries with restrictive laws from hospitals dealing with women damaged by backstreet or self- induced abortion.
在实行人工流产限制法的国家，有关因非法或自行流产而身体机能受损害的妇女的数据难以获得。
abortion:流产
Backstroke Spin Drill is an intense, fun drill for swimmers of all ages.
仰泳的转臂训练是一项强烈并乐趣的训练，适合所有年龄的游泳者。
fun:乐趣
To make these actions happen, you need an application to sit in the middle of the call, act as a back-to-back user agent, and provide access to the services mentioned.
要实现这些操作，需要有一个应用程序在称呼的中间位置充当背靠背的用户代理，并提供对上述服务的访问。
call:称呼
Welsh brothers Scott and Rhys Thomas recently completed a charity run across 13 states in the US –the equivalent of 74 back-to-back marathons –for 70 days.
一对威尔士兄弟斯科特和里斯托马斯历时70多天，穿越美国13个州，相当于74次马拉松的距离，完成慈善机构长跑。
charity:慈善机构
"With five back-to-back PMIs signalling contraction, the manufacturing sector, which accounts for 43 percent of the Chinese economy, is close to technical recession," he said.
他还说：“连续五个月收缩的PMI指数给出了这样一个信号，占中国经济43%的制造业正面临着技术性经济衰退。”
recession:经济衰退
Thanks to this utility, we can now deploy builds to the WebSphere platform, manage automated testing runs, and even report failures and backtrack to the last stable release, all with one- click ease.
由于这个公用事业工具，我们现在只需轻轻点击鼠标，就可以将构建部署到WebSphere平台，管理自动测试运行，甚至报告失败，然后追踪到最新一次稳定的发布。
utility:公用事业
Users complained so vociferously — millions joined Facebook groups and signed online petitions protesting the change —that the company was forced to backtrack.
用户们表示强烈反对，百万Facebook用户在线签署了请愿书抗议条款更改，迫使公司最终放弃更改。
millions:百万
Back -up processing jobs should be scheduled some time after all overnight processing jobs so they are the last job in the spooler queue.
备份加工作业应该安排在所有夜间加工作业完成之后运行，所以它们是假脱机队列中最后一个作业。
processing:加工
To gain greater resiliency, corporations have had to install fixed- bandwidth point - to - point circuits, or fiber pairs, between campus nodes along with back -up paths for protection - a costly endeavor.
为了获得更大的弹性，各公司不得不在有保护用备份通道的园区节观点之间安装固定带宽的观点对观点电路，即光纤对，而这是很费钱的事。
point:观点
Even if the overnight processing does not complete until 05:00 AM, since the back-up job is the last job in the queue, it does not start until the overnight processing is complete.
即使夜间加工作业到 05:00AM 还未完成，因为备份作业是队列中最后一个作业，所以在夜间加工完成之前它不会开始运行。
processing:加工
I think we ended up using all of our various backup contingencies at some point.
我想我们会在同一观点停止使用所有不同的备份紧急事件。
point:观点
But if you make minor, backward - compatible changes to your service as described in this paper, being careful not to change behavior, then old clients can still talk with your new service.
但正如这篇文章所述，如果您对您的服务做一些局部的、向后兼容的变化，时刻注意不变化其行为，那么旧客户端仍可以与您的新服务进行通信。
changes:变化
Some blamed the Manchu emperors, others the suffocating dominance of a backward -looking Confucianism, with its stress on social hierarchy that had ended in stagnation.
有人指责满洲帝皇，有人指责已然落后时代、让人令人窒息却仍束缚人民的儒家思想，指责它强加给已在停滞中崩溃的社会阶层的压力。
suffocating:令人窒息
Search deep in the woods for a score of 350 on Bruno's Backwoods Breakaway.
现在就去深林中搜索，在布鲁诺森林大逃亡中获得350分。
Search:搜索
From colorful tall tales to clever barbs aimed at political opponents, Lincoln clothed a shrewd wit in a homespun, backwoods vernacular.
从于政治对手的目的倒钩丰富多彩高大机智的故事，林肯在土布衣服一个精明机智，巴克伍兹白话。
wit:机智
Not exactly the kind of Dad who gave piggy-back rides around the back yard, he still manages to show his love for his son in the end.
不是很像种类在后院给孩子游戏机的父亲，在最后他仍试图表现他对他儿子的爱。
kind:种类
But not the greasy, deep dish kind piled high with bacon and sausage.
但不是那些油腻的，深盘子里高高地装满了熏肉和香肠种类。
kind:种类
Right now, in your mouth, in your gut, on your skin, you are carrying about 10 times more bacteria cells than human cells.
现在，在你的嘴里，你的直觉里，你的皮肤里，你正携带着约比人体细胞还多10倍的直觉细菌细胞。
gut:直觉
The difference with this scenario is that no additional bacterial action is needed, only warming of the sea environment, as the methane is already present in it’s frozen, clathrate form.
这种情况的不同之处之处是，由于甲烷目前是以冷冻，包合物的形式存在，不需要有额外的细菌作用，只要海洋环境变暖就可释放出来。
difference:不同之处
For example, in the presence of bacterial food, the ancient ancestors turned on the expression of genes that allowed them to crawl around and engulf their prey.
例子，有细菌性食物时，古代的祖先会打开基因的表达，这些基因允许他们爬过去并且吞噬他们的捕食。
example:例子
Bacterial growth slows down in the refrigerator; at room temperature, they grow rapidly. cooking kills these bacteria.
细菌在冰箱中缓慢减速成长，而在室温条件下，则迅速生长，烹调能杀害这些细菌。
growth:生长
The first bacterial genome in 1995, for instance, took three years and millions of dollars to decode.
例如，1995年破译第一个细菌基因组花了三年时间和百万美元；
millions:百万
Some bioluminescent bacteria, for example, light up when their population exceeds a threshold size (Journal of Bacteriology, vol 104, p 313).
例子有些生物发光菌当他们的数量超过某个界限值就会发光。
example:例子
Citigroup's Horowitz forecast loan loss provisions and net charge- offs of bad debt at Bank of America will stay flat or improve modestly from the first quarter.
花旗集团分析师霍诺维茨预报，美洲银行的贷款损失准备金和坏债净销帐将和上一季度持平，或有所改善。
forecast:预报
If you get noticed by the propagandists, wear that attention like a badge of honor.
如果你注意力到这个宣传，谨记那些就像你的荣誉徽章一样。
attention:注意力
And so I joked, badly, I'll agree, at the end of last lecture, that we can just stop now, go straight to the final exam, because this is all you need to know.
所以我在上次演讲快结尾时说了个拙劣的笑话，我会同意我们可以到此为止,直接进行期末考试，因为这些是你们需要知道的所有内容。
end:结尾
Personally, I am ready to make a contribution to those who are badly off.
就我而言，我是很乐意贡献给那些穷困潦倒的人的。
contribution:贡献
Legal Fee Voucher - free consultations with law firms; Toothbrush - to brush the bad taste in his mouth.
法律咨询代金券（提供各大法律事务所免费咨询服务），牙刷（刷掉他那一嘴恶臭）。
mouth:嘴
For example, do you have any sort of shopping cart or shopping bag?
例子，您有任何类型的购物车或购物袋吗？
example:例子
For example, you may not think a bagel tastes salty, but a typical 4 -inch (10 - centimeter) oat -bran bagel has about 532 mg of sodium, and even a slice of whole-wheat bread contains 132 mg of sodium.
例子百吉饼或许尝起来不咸，但一块普普通通的4英寸（10厘米）大的燕麦百吉饼却含将近532毫克的钠，而且即便一小块全麦面包也有132毫克钠。
example:例子
You could also eat a whole-wheat English muffin or bagel with a tablespoon of peanut butter spread on it.
你还可以吃全小麦英式松饼或硬面包圈，并将其涂上一大汤匙的花生酱。
wheat:小麦
If not, the bellboy should be temporarily initiative to help guests will unload the car and carry baggage luggage guide guests to the reception desk for registration.
如暂时没有行李员，应主动帮助客人将行李卸下车，并携行李指导客人到接待处办理登记手续。
guide:指导
Maily deals in lobby indication plate, lobby lamp box, baggage trolley, liquor trolley, VIP room dining car, table plate, room service car, rostrum, umbrella stand, and others products for hotel use.
主要经营大堂指示牌、豪华果皮箱、大堂灯箱、大堂行李车、礼宾台座牌、豪华酒水车、豪华鲍鱼车、VIP房煮餐车、餐桌台号牌、客房服务车、演讲咨询台、雨伞栏杆座、其他的产品等。
others:其他的
Baggage handling was only one of a series of problems facing passengers. Others included car parking troubles, staff security screening and general confusion over the unfamiliar layout.
行李传送带只是诸多问题中的一个，其他的出现问题的环节还包括停车场、员工安检系统，以及旅客对地形的不熟悉等。
Others:其他的
When they all saw T - bag going up a house, Bellick stopped the two agents.
当他们都看见吨-袋子上了一间房子时，贝里克把那两名特工拦住了。
T:吨
Assiya ’s family members heard that she was in the police station, and a court granted their petition for her release and sent a bailiff to get her out.
阿西娅的家人听说她在警察局里，一个法庭同意了他们发布阿西娅的申请并派了一个执行官去办理。
release:发布
However, we do not recommend counting only on short -lived link - bait tactics.
然而，我们不推荐只依赖于短暂的关联诱饵策略。
link:关联
The setting was rather heavy for the warm climate. The room, which was fairly big, was furnished with large chairs and a round table with a green baize cover.
对于温暖的气候而言，室内布置似乎过于沉闷。房间十分宽敞，内有厚重的会议椅和圆形的会议桌，地上铺设绿色粗呢羊毛毯。
round:圆形的
He forgets about those evenings sitting alone eating cold baked beans out of a can, the humiliating rebuffs from women in front of friends at parties and the long periods without sex.
他已经忘了自己独自一人吃着罐头里冰冷的烤豆子的夜晚，忘了聚会时女人当着朋友的面回绝他时的尴尬，忘了很长一段时间没有性生活。
rebuffs:回绝
In his kitchen – or galley – and storerooms, PO Bailey stockpiles large quantities of food for a long voyage, including 250 tins of baked beans and 450 packets of sausages.
在他的厨房——或者叫备餐室——和储藏室里，柏利士官为远航储存了大量食品，数据包括250听烤豆和450数据包香肠。
packets:数据包
A study of the effects of bakelite resistivity to RPC performances is presented.
比较细致全面的学习了酚醛树脂阻性板电阻率对RPC性能的影响。
study:学习
Then she brought me a cookie – a Viennese crescent she got from the best bakery in New York – and initiated the first of a life time of serious talks.
然后她给了我一块曲奇饼——她从纽约最好的面包店买的维也纳式新月形曲奇饼——从此开始了我一生中最重要的一次谈话。
cookie:曲奇饼
Baking with a cob on is neither fun for the person in the kitchen, nor does it make what you produce taste any better.
带着棒子烤玉米对于在厨房里忙碌的人来说并不是很乐趣，做出来的东西也不会有多好吃。
fun:乐趣
The researchers injected mice with a tagged form of bicarbonate -- an alkali more commonly seen in baking soda -- that occurs naturally in the body and balances acidity, Brindle said.
研究人员给老鼠注射做了标记的重碳酸盐——一种在小苏打中常见的堿——它在体中自然产生并余额酸性。
balances:余额
To cool herself and regain mental balance she went out of the room and had a walk in the garden.
为了使自己冷静下来并重新得到心理上的平衡，她走出室外去花园走。
walk:走
Because the load of resources can be balanced in the grid with unused resources, grid computing is like an extreme form of load balancing between SOA applications.
因为在有未使用资源的网格中可以平衡资源加载，所以网格计算好像是SOA应用程序之间加载平衡的一种终极形式。
load:加载
However, uneven growth across countries is also associated with the emergence of some sizable imbalances in the world economy, including rising oil prices and skewed balance of payments' positions.
然而，各国之间的增长不平衡也与世界经济中紧急情况的一些较大的失衡现象相关联，包括油价高涨，国际收支状况呈现扭曲。
emergence:紧急情况
For example, if balance of payments crises are not prevented, much sharper contractions would occur in 2009, possibly continuing into 2010.
例子，如果未能防范国际收支危机，2009年就会发生更大幅度的收缩，并有可能一直持续到2010年。
example:例子
But others have yawning budget gaps, risky current account deficits, balance of payments problems, financial danger, or all four.
但是，其他的的国家预算缺口很大，存在经常帐户赤字风险，面临国际收支问题和金融危机。
others:其他的
In an era of cost - cutting and layoffs, Wall Street philanthropy is a delicate balancing act.
在一个削减成本和裁员的时代，华尔街的慈善事业事业是一个微妙的平衡行为。
philanthropy:慈善事业
This is a balancing act -- agility against discipline as you move as far left as possible on the continuum without increasing project risk to an unacceptable level.
这是一项平衡的措施——敏捷性对规则性，您只需尽可能地在连续体统一体上向左移动，而不会将项目风险增加到一个不可接受的程度。
continuum:连续体
Burkin and Ivan Ivanovitch went out on the balcony ， from which there was a beautiful view over the garden and the mill - pond ，which was shining now in the sunshine like a mirror.
伯京和伊凡·伊凡诺维奇去了阳台，从那儿能看到花园和磨池塘那边的美丽景色，磨池塘此刻在阳光下像镜子一样闪闪发光。
mill:磨
The U.S. building would be about 60 feet high, encompassing 60, 000 square feet, with wings on each side, representing a bald eagle, and a roof garden in the center.
美国展馆设计为高60脚，占地6万平方脚，每侧延伸出翼楼，象征一头秃鹰，同时中央屋顶设置空中花园。
feet:脚
In walks this man -- short, ugly, balding, and speaking with a strange harelip.
那个人走进来——又矮，又丑，还秃头，嘴上带着奇怪的唇裂。
balding:秃头
He was middle aged, pretty average -looking – balding, in OK shape.
他是个中年人，相貌普通——秃头，身材还好。
balding:秃头
Having promised his stepmother on her deathbed that he would always look after Baldy, he does his best but gets left behind in the desperate search for a quick fortune.
在后妈临死之际他承诺她会照顾好秃子，他虽然尽了全力但是在找寻财富的道路上却落在了后面。
stepmother:后妈
In Ethiopia there are also nine national parks, two of which include the mountain groups of the Simien and the Bale, while the others lie in the Rift Valley towards Kenya.
在埃塞俄比亚还有9个国家公园，其中两座公园包括塞米恩山（Simien）和贝尔山（Bale）山群，其他的的则坐落在东非大裂谷接近肯尼亚。
others:其他的
When they cast new action god Christian Bale (Batman in The Dark Knight) we really started paying attention.
这时我们还在那些电影里面稍微撇一眼。当听说新的动作明星克里斯汀·贝尔（蝙蝠侠之暗夜）将会出现在这部电影里面，我们真的开始注意力它了。
attention:注意力
Whether you're aiming for layers of plywood or cardboard or a bale of hay, if that foot-long blade hits an angle, it could come ricocheting back at you.
不管是几图层胶合板、纸板还是一大捆干草，万一飞刀打在不平的表面上，它很可能会朝你自己反弹回来。
layers:图层
Following the end of the cold war, Southeast Europe became the most unstable region in Europe, with the specter of "Balkanization" wandering once again in Europe.
冷战结尾后，东南欧成为了欧洲最不稳定的地区，“巴尔干化”的幽灵再次在欧洲徘徊。
end:结尾
In reality, the balkanization project in Sudan has been going on since the end of British colonial rule in Anglo- Egyptian Sudan.
事实上，从英国在埃及苏丹的殖民统治结尾后，分割苏丹的计划就形成了。
end:结尾
Simon Cowell last week announced he was releasing a charity single for Haiti featuring Leona Lewis, Rod Stewart, Leona Lewis, JLS and Michael Buble covering REM's ballad Everybody Hurts.
上周西蒙·考威尔宣布他将制作一张慈善机构单曲民谣唱片，其名为人间剧痛，利昂娜·刘易斯，洛·史都华，摇摆不定男生和麦克•布雷将参与演唱。
charity:慈善机构
The high speed gyro motor ball bearing are the key components of gyros cope.
高速陀螺仪电机球轴承是陀螺仪仪的核心元件。
gyro:陀螺仪
His team have tried to find such behavior in dogs -- like whether a dog can learn a dog- human ball game by watching -- but found none.
他的团队已经尝试在犬类中寻找类似的行为——例如狗能否通过观察学会和人一起玩球——但没有任何发现。
none:没有任何
For example getting one of the team to work late to meet a deadline when they would prefer to go to the ball game.
例子让一个想去看球赛的团队加班以在最后期限前完成工作。
example:例子
Every time the three -year old girl threw the ball high into the air, she was overwhelmed with excitement.
每当这个三岁的女孩把球抛向高空，她就非常激动。
excitement:激动
The resolution bans Pyongyang from activities related to a ballistic missile programme and calls on the international community to stop trading weapons and luxury goods with North Korea.
这一决议禁止朝鲜进行一切和弹道导弹项目有关的任何活动，并且呼吁伙计社会停止和北韩进行武器和奢华的交易。
luxury:奢华
Numerical calculation of 6 -D differential equations for the motion of projectiles is of importance in exterior ballistics.
弹丸6自由度运动微分方程计算是外弹道数值计算理论中的一个重要性内容。
importance:重要性
Despite a ballooning interest in basketball, there is no doubt that Yao was the centerpiece of the NBA’s allure in China.
尽管公众对篮球的兴趣在飞涨，但毫无疑问的是姚明是NBA引诱中国人的核心所在。
allure:引诱
To deny anyone or any group the ballot lessens its importance, for the individual and for the community.
否认任何人或任何群体的投票权，就是降低了选举对个人和社会的重要性意义。
importance:重要性
In this way there was minimal coupling to the main ballot CGI program.
这样，对于主要的选票CGI程序，耦合性就是最小的。
ballot:选票
Known as spoiling the ballot, it is a tactic common in this region when voters do not support the process or the candidates.
损毁选票的做法在这个地区很普通。如果选民不赞成选票，或者不赞成某位候选人，就会毁掉选票。
ballot:选票
Han still hopes supporters will write her name into a box left blank for "other candidates" on the ballot paper but thinks police may prevent her from voting.
韩颖仍然希望支持者能够采用“另选他人”的形式把选票投入选票箱，但是担心警方可能会阻止她本人选票。
ballot:选票
Which of the following is the correct method to mark on the ballot paper of LegCo geographical constituencies?
下列的哪项为填写立法会地区直选选票的正确方法?。
following:下列的
But right now, Madsen is more concerned about recruiting other dads to join him for play dates2 at the ballpark.
不过眼前马德森更关心的是要寻找其他父亲和自己相约带孩子们去球场玩儿。
ballpark:球场
Sometimes he loses balls he shouldn't lose but when you look at the end of the game he has always had a big impact.
有时他会丢一些不该丢的球，但是当比赛结尾再来审视他的发挥时你会发现他对比赛的影响是有多大。
end:结尾
I took the golf balls and filled up these orange sacks in my closet.
我拿走高尔夫球，把这些橙子的袋子塞在自己的壁橱里。
orange:橙子
The point guard dribbled the ball up the court. He stood above the top of the key, about twenty -four feet from the opposing team ’s basket.
得分后卫带球过半场，将球控制在罚球区顶部距对方篮筐约24脚处，然后正是启动本队演练了几百次的战术。
feet:脚
Celades played with him, and said he would just pick a ball up in training, beat 10 men and score.
青瓷和他一块儿踢球，说他在训练场上可以接球后，连过十人，破门得分。
Celades:青瓷
If a child can develop a consistent finish position they will start getting the ball up in the air.
假如孩子能正确、持续的结束收杆动作，那么，他们很容易将球打起来。
finish:结束
Now is a really great time to start this ‘ self development’ baloney because university is a nice fresh start for many of us.
现在正是最好的自己提升时机，对很多人来说大学意味着一个新的开始。
self:自己
A line of oils and balsamic vinegar is available in containers that dispense the product with a unique pumping action.
一排油和醋可在集装箱的产品，免除了一个独特的抽水行动。
containers:集装箱
The performance place was driproved along with the development of opera, as form the utilization of natural topography, to arena, stage and storeyed building, also as from balustrade arena to theatre.
供它演出的场所随着它的发展而不断地改进：从利用率天然地形逐渐出现戏场、戏台、大戏楼，从勾栏逐渐成为戏园、剧场。
utilization:利用率
Etymonline agrees with the slang origin but also offers a couple of words from Scottish dialect and French that could have lead to bamboozle.
词根碱也同意bamboozle来自俚语的说法，但给出了几个可能是该单词前身的苏格兰方言词和法语词。
Etymonline:词根碱
"Perhaps if I wanted to be understood or to understand I would bamboozle myself into belief, but I am a reporter" (Graham Greene).
“也许如果被理解或理解，我可以哄骗自己信仰，可我是个记者”（格拉姆·格林）。
belief:信仰
"Perhaps if I wanted to be understood or to understand I would bamboozle myself into belief, but I am a reporter ".
“也许如果想要被理解或理解，我可以哄骗自己信仰，可我是个记者”。
belief:信仰
The U.S. recession exacerbated a multiyear sales decline at the company's two largest brands, Old Navy and Gap, and sent sales into negative territory at its more upscale Banana Republic chain.
受美国经济衰退影响，"老海军"和Gap品牌销售量多年来下滑的势头进一步加深，而高端品牌"香蕉共和国"销量亦开始下滑。
sales:销售量
No one is treating the Mexican federal government like a banana republic or a basket case or thinking that the Canadian government would have done so much better.
没有人认为墨西哥政府会是一香蕉政府（政治不稳定，经济上外国跨国公司占主导地位的国家）或者是一问题集合体亦或者考虑率下加拿大政府将会做的更好。
one:一
This longevity characteristic puts the blame on the scientist one kind of metabolite which distinguishes in the banana skin, it has the stabilization.
这一长寿特性归咎于科学家在香蕉皮中识别的一种代谢产物，它具有稳定性作用。
stabilization:稳定性
For example, in a situation in which several bystanders need to band together to overwhelm a perpetrator, they will be more likely to act collectively than to act alone.
例子, 就有这样一种情况，在只有几个旁观者需要联合起来才能压倒一个罪犯的情况下,他们就可能会更多地采取集体行动。
example:例子
On Pandora, you plug in a band or artist — for example, Beck.
你可以输入一个乐队或者艺术家的名字，例子贝克。
example:例子
I want to be in a band, but I don’t know how to put one together. Do you?
我很想成立一乐队，但是不知道怎样组织才行，你知道该怎么做吗？
one:一
The Kimmie doll comes with removable hair and a bandanna, similar to the kind worn by many cancer patients who lose their hair during chemotherapy.
Kimmie洋娃娃的头发是可以拿掉的，另外还附有一条大手帕，就像许多癌症患者因化疗失去头发后戴的种类头巾。
kind:种类
A local banditry, be bullied people, the security situation so bad to the point where, no one care about.
一地方盗匪猖獗，百姓受气，治安状况到了如此糟糕的地步，却无人理会。
one:一
A computer simulation has been made for the elastic prop model tension system of the bandsaw machine on idling condition.
在空载条件下对带锯机弹性挺杆式张紧系统进行了系统模拟。
simulation:模拟
I was able to maneuver myself right up next to the bandstand, just ten feet from Glenn Miller himself.
我有幸挤到台前，离格伦·米勒本人只有10脚。
feet:脚
This article briefly introduces the actuality and characteristics of the bandstand, and analyzes the design from such angles as acoustics, line of sight and drainage.
该文简要介绍了音乐台的现状特点，并从声学、视线以及引流等角度对它的设计进行了分析。
drainage:引流
As we move into an era where content creation and distribution become almost infinitely cheap, the scarcest resources will no longer be storage or bandwidth, it will be attention.
随着我们走进一个内容创建和分发变得近乎无限廉价的时代，最珍惜的资源将不再是存储容量或带宽，而是注意力。
creation:创建
So you pay for three things in network access: bandwidth, latency, and jitter.
所以网络接入中你在为三件事买单：带宽、潜伏和抖动。
latency:潜伏
Yet the Winter games have seen their share of strange demonstration sports, such as bandy, which is a combination of ice hockey and soccer, played in the Oslo games in 1952.
尽管是这样，冬季项目仍然有一些非常奇特的运动，如1952年奥斯陆奥运会上组合了曲棍球与足球特色的冰上曲棍球。
combination:组合
People that bandy about complex terms like quantitative easing (increasing the supply of money in order to stimulate economic activity) can now check that they are actually using them correctly.
那些信口胡掰诸如定量缓和货币政策（增加货币供给以刺激经济活动）等复杂措辞的人，如今得看看他们是不是真的用对了这些词。
easing:缓和
Others, like speed skiing, bandy, and skijoring have been demonstration sports but never incorporated officially as an Olympic sport.
其他的还有一些项目被列为表演项目，但未成为正式项目，其中包括：速度滑雪、冰上曲棍球和滑雪板。
Others:其他的
I didn't wake you two hours before sunrise to bandy jokes.
我在日出前的两个小时把你叫醒，不是为了跟你开玩笑的。
sunrise:日出
Soviet Russia is the frist super country which is capable of sending human to space, but millions of people there can't deal with daily products, such as banger.
苏联是第一个有能力把人送入太空的超级大国，但那儿却有百万的穷人难以享受我们今天习以为常的日常食品，比如一根香肠。
millions:百万
Bangladeshi medical and legal experts have expressed frustration over the rejection of a lawsuit worth millions of pounds in compensation to victims of arsenic poisoning in Bangladesh.
孟加拉国的医学和法律专家对英国上院否决这项向孟加拉国砷污染受害者赔偿百万英镑的案件表示失望。
millions:百万
In the short run, policymakers must focus on measures with the biggest bang- for-the - buck, that create jobs and kick -start growth, and that take distributional considerations into account.
在短期内，政策制定者必须将重点放在那些收效显著的，可以创造就业、推动生长的，并且将分配问题考虑在内的措施上。
growth:生长
No sir, no big bang for you on top of this Reagan - era wonder.
不，先生，你没有就这一里根时代的奇迹顶大砰。
bang:砰
Anderson used Amazon's cloud computing system to set up millions of "monkeys" (which are actually simple computer programs) that randomly bang out nine - character combinations.
安德森运用亚马逊云计算系统设计了百万只“猴子”（这些“猴子”实际上是简单的电脑程序），它们能够随机打出由9个字母组成的字母序列。
millions:百万
Its punishment— banishment — would actually be welcome, but he knew his nemesis was never going to allow him off that easily.
流放，可能倒是值得欢迎的，但他知道他的仇人不会这么容易让他脱身的。
banishment:流放
The lack of access to China's bank card market has frustrated major Western card payment companies.
缺少进入中国银行卡市场的渠道使西方各大型卡支付公司感到懊恼。
lack:缺少
As to your request for open account facilities, we have the pleasure to inform you that beginning with your next order, you may make payment by bank draft on quarterly statements.
至于您要求的融通便利，我们很乐意告知您从您下一次定货起，您可以按季通过银行汇票付款。
request:要求
The AA and others demand that the autumn increase in petrol duty should be postponed and millions of bank holiday motorists are told that Gordon Brown “feels your hurt ”.
美国航空公司（AA？ 不知道是什么缩写，译者）和其他的公司要求推迟原计划于秋季增加的汽油税，并且，数以百万计的假日自驾旅行者告诉戈登·布朗（英国现任首相，译者注）他们“很受伤”。
others:其他的
If the request is approved, a decision (implemented through business rules) determines whether a bank manager's approval is also needed.
如果赞同申请，会通过决策（通过业务规则实现）确定是否还需要银行经理进行审批。
approval:赞同
Since its creation, the Fund has held the backing to the banknote issues of Hong Kong.
外汇基金自成立以来，一直持有作为后盾发行香港纸币的资产。
backing:后盾
Not that the coming week does not hold other events of note. There are central bank rate decisions and a raft of significant economic reports, for example.
倒不是说未来一周没有其他值得关注的大事.例子有多个央行利率决议,及许多重要经济数据出炉.欧元区债务危机也还在继续.
example:例子
From a wealthy family, she used some of her inheritance to bankroll her husband ’s first congressional election campaign.
她出身富有，曾利用她遗产的部份遗产资助丈夫第一次竞选国会议员的活动。
inheritance:遗产
If she defaults, the bank confiscates her penthouse and she may well end up a bankrupt.
如果她没付钱，那银行可以没收她的豪宅，她也可能以破产的告终。
bankrupt:破产的
For example, the need for an online bank to support the transfer of funds between accounts is likely far more important than an Elbonian - language version of a monthly bank statement.
例子，对于联机银行的需求来说，对帐户间资金转移的支持要比银行每月声明的Elbonian语言版本重要得多。
example:例子
The central bank statement, to keep inflation under control is to promote stable and rapid economic growth conditions.
央行的声明，使通货膨胀得到控制，是促进经济平稳较快生长的条件。
growth:生长
These nuts, a banned substance at Bluebell Lakes, are used to tempt fish to the surface, but they can prove toxic to a carp if they have been kept in moist conditions and not cooked.
这些坚果是蓝铃湖的违禁物品，它们用于把鱼诱惑至水面，但如果处在湿环境下，且没有煮熟，它们会让鲤鱼中毒。
moist:湿
The really interesting thing about them is that none of them have returned under the "banner of Marxism ".
这些人真正有意思的地方是，他们中没有任何一个人再置身“马克思主义旗帜”下。
none:没有任何
In the meantime, I'd like to say a hearty thanks to the sponsors who bought a link and especially a banner ad recently. Thanks for allowing me to present my "coffee and cake" to my readers.
与此同时，我要真心的感谢购买广告关联特别是横幅的创始人，感谢它允许我为我的读者送上我的“咖啡和蛋糕”。
link:关联
Bannister refused to work within the confines of the belief of the four - minute mile.
栏干拒绝在“四分钟一英里”的范围内工作。
Bannister:栏干
Bannister ’s record is an historical sporting moment, but what is not so widely known is that within the following twelve months, dozens of athletes went on to break the four - minute mile.
栏干的记录是体育运动的一个历史性时刻，但是不被广泛知道的是在接下来的12个月里几十个运动员都在继续打破四分钟一英里的记录。
Bannister:栏干
Bannister: British runner who in 1954 became the first human being to run the mile in under four minutes.
栏干：英国赛跑者，1954年他成为第一个在四分钟内跑完一英里的人。
Bannister:栏干
The table, stretching from end to end of the vast banqueting room for a distance of 150 feet, was adorned with gold candlesticks.
餐桌从巨型宴会厅的这头一直延伸到那头，有150脚长，装点着黄金烛台。
feet:脚
Banshee - audio player, can encode/ decode various formats and synchronize music with Apple iPods
Banshee-可以解/编码多种格式并和AppleiPod同步音乐的声音的播放器
audio:声音的
CHRISTOPHER CRUISE: So, Mister Cohen decided to create the Bantam Jeep Heritage Festival to let people know that the jeep came from Butler.
克里斯托弗游船：所以，名仕科恩决定创建矮脚鸡吉普车文化节，让人们知道，吉普车车从巴特勒。
jeep:吉普车
Our conversation started out with some banter about the rivalry between bankers and traders at many Wall Street firms.
我们的谈话从玩笑开始，这些玩笑发生在互相对抗的华尔街公司的银行家和交易员之间。
rivalry:对抗
The inhibition of 6- Benzyl Aminopurine (BAP) and Zeatin (ZT) on root and anther tissues respiration of maize was studied.
研究了玉米素（ZT）、苄氨基嘌呤（BAP）对玉米根、花药纸巾呼吸的抑制效应。
tissues:纸巾
The measurement of BaP, BaP metabolite and acid - hydrolysis products of DNA adducts by HPLC indicated that there were BPDE- DNA adducts.
同时用HPLC检测反应体系中的苯并（a）芘含量、苯并（a）芘代谢物及脱氧核糖核酸加合物酸水解后的产物。
DNA:脱氧核糖核酸
Others have attempted to bribe head teachers, offering to donate books, while others baptise children and send them to church every week even if they are unbelievers.
另一些家长企图贿赂校长，提出可以捐书。还有家长让孩子受洗，并每周去教会，即使他们并不信教。
church:教会
But the person quoting it is implying that Jesus was adopted by God ,or begotten by God at his baptism, not at his birth or before.
但引用它的人在暗示,耶稣是被上帝收养的，在他的洗礼时被上帝生出，不是在他诞生时或诞生前。
birth:诞生
Do you take him as becoming divine at his birth ,his baptism, or his resurrection?
认为他在诞生时变成神，洗礼时，或者在复活时变成神？
birth:诞生
Under a microscope each long kingfisher barb, finer than a human hair, glitters with shades of the Caribbean.
在显微镜下观察翠鸟的长羽支，这些比人类头发质地更好的毛发一直闪闪发光着，让人联想起加勒比的风光。
glitters:闪闪发光
The Barbadian snake apparently eats termites and insect larvae, but nothing is yet known of its ecology and behavior.
这种巴巴多斯的小蛇显然是吃白蚁和白蚁幼虫的，但是还不知道关于它的生态学和行为的情况。
termites:白蚁
These kinds of barbaric laws were supposed to have been relegated to the past with the overthrow of the Taliban in 2001, yet Karzai has revived them and given them his official stamp of approval.
这些野蛮的法律本该随着2001年塔利班的倒台而成为历史，然而卡尔扎伊却使它们复生并给予他们正式赞同。
approval:赞同
The resolution bemoans the existence of this barbarous institution, calling it the biggest human trafficking crime of the 20th century.
该决议感叹这种野蛮制度的存在，称之为二十世纪最大的人口贩运罪行。
trafficking:贩运
The Prince visited Diana there every day, offering to escort her to a barbecue, or extending an invitation for a long walk in the woods.
王子每天都去那里拜访她，要么提出陪她参加户外烤肉宴，要么邀请函她去树林中进行长时间散步。
invitation:邀请函
There were no signs marking the international border, no fences, no barbed wire.
这儿是没有任何迹象的国际边界，没有围墙，没有铁丝网。
signs:迹象
Pay special attention to your ears right after having your hair cut because there will definitely be unsightly hair trimmings inside and around your ears that your barber is likely to miss.
尤其在理发后更是应当注意力你的耳朵，因为由于你理发师的忽略，肯定会有不雅的头发屑在里面或在周围。
attention:注意力
Bandages stained with blood would be washed and hung from a pole outside the barber ’s shop - these would then twist in the wind to form the spiral pattern we are all familiar with today.
溅上血液的绷带被洗干净后就悬挂在理发师店门口的极上，风吹拂过来，使绷带绕着极旋转成螺旋状，就变成了我们现在所熟悉的样子。
pole:极
If you want to show how your contributions are significantly higher than two other parties, for example, it would be best to show that in the form of a bar chart (below, right).
例子，如果您想表明您的贡献远远大于其他两方，那最好利用条形图的形式展示（右下图）。
example:例子
“Son- of- a - bitch, you did it ,” Capri says kicking the leaves over Samuel, who stares up through the bare branches at the sky.
“狗娘养的，你做到了，”卡普瑞朝塞缪尔的方向踢了一脚的树叶过去，他正呆呆的看着天，透过光秃秃枝分支机构。
branches:分支机构
It seems as though an unfortunate woman were utterly bare beneath the sarcasm and the curiosity of all in small towns.
在小城里，一个不幸的妇人，处在众人的嘲笑和好奇心心下，就仿佛是赤裸裸无遮避似的。
curiosity:好奇心
So shifting to a forefoot running style, as people do when running barefoot, may lessen your risk for a stress fracture, and up your chances of developing a muscle strain or tendinitis.
这样，虽然当一个人赤脚跑步时已经改变成了前脚掌跑步的姿势，会一定程度减轻断裂的危险，但是会相应的增加肌肉拉伤或者肌腱炎的几率。
fracture:断裂
None of them had on shoes; those who did not wear socks were barefooted.
没有任何一个人穿皮鞋，不是穿着布衬鞋，便光着脚底板。
None:没有任何
The cash- strapped Ministry of Defence is selling off millions of pounds of equipment at bargain basement prices to try to plug a budget deficit.
为填补预算赤字缺口，捉襟见肘的英国国防部正廉价甩卖价值百万英镑的装备。
millions:百万
Newer shareholders are generally more philosophical as they have not lost as much, with some still intent on buying more GE shares at bargain -basement prices.
较新加入的股东普遍要更加冷静一些,因为他们并没有亏那么多,一些人仍打算进一步逢低购买GE股票.
Newer:较新
One therefore need not bargain for love, nor does one require giving one's own chi or love to another thereby leaving one deficient or bankrupt.
因此，一个人不需要为了爱而便宜货，也不需要将自己的气或爱给予别人，随后让自己匮乏或破产。
bargain:便宜货
Pleas had been made for their release on humanitarian grounds but North Korea may use them as a bargaining chip.
美国政府以人道主义为由请求朝鲜发布这两名记者，而朝鲜可能会利用她们作为讨价还价的筹码。
release:发布
Kidd was not a clever man but he was sensible enough to know that if he needed to negotiate with Bellomont then his treasure would be a valuable bargaining counter.
基德不是个聪明人，但是他非常清楚，要与贝勒蒙特讨价还价的话，他的财宝将是一个关键的筹码。
bargaining:讨价还价
If the supplier refuses this method then send a crew onboard the bunker barge in order to monitor closely sampling procedure carried out by suppliers from start to end.
如果加油方拒绝，就要派一个船员到加油船上去严密监控加油方从加油开始到加油结尾的整个取样工作。
end:结尾
The right- click context menu on the bar graph displays which drill-down action is available from the current report.
柱状图上的鼠标右键语境菜单可以显示出当前报告中可用的详细动作。
context:语境
Auto - ranging and the bar graph display make it quicker and easier for the operator to accurately perform oven leakage testing.
汽车距离修正和长条图显示使它快和容易对操作员能准确地将执行烤箱漏出试飞。
Auto:汽车
In addition to his exquisite, velvety baritone, he has swept many completely off their feet with his elegant stage presence.
再加上精致柔和的男中音，他精美的的舞台表现迷倒了众多观众。
exquisite:精美的
In rare instances the entire colon cannot be visualized and your surgeon could request a barium enema.
冒号镜下有时会罕见的看不清整个冒号的状况。在这种情况下，外科医师会选用钡灌肠来检查冒号状况。
colon:冒号
Corundum grinding media was successfully synthesized with waste aluminum slag, small amount of clay, talc and barium carbonate in this paper.
采用铝型材厂废渣为主要原料，通过添加少量黏土，滑石及碳酸钡复合助烧剂研制刚玉耐磨瓷。
clay:黏土
Corundum grinding media was successfully synthesized with waste aluminum slag, small amount of clay, talc and barium carbonate for the first time in this paper.
以铝型材厂废渣为主要原料，通过添加少量黏土，滑石及碳酸钡复合助烧剂研制刚玉耐磨瓷球。
clay:黏土
The results showed that the sugar contents were no marked difference between the different resistant and susceptible barley varieties, and the sugar contents in l…
结果表明，在苗期和成株期不同之处抗性品种问叶片含糖量均没有明显差异，说明叶片含糖量与苗期或成株期白粉病的发生没有明显关系。
difference:不同之处
The enzymes produced within the barley seed during germination break down starch into malt sugar, or maltose, which is then fermented by yeast to yield alcohol and carbon dioxide.
大麦种子中的在萌发过程中将淀粉转化成麦芽糖，麦芽糖通过酵母菌发酵，产生酒精和二氧化硫。
dioxide:二氧化硫
The first step in beer - making is to combine the malted barley with water and mildly cook the mixture, known as mash, to extract readily soluble materials and to gelatinize the starches.
制作啤酒的第一个步骤是将发芽大麦与水混合，并适当蒸煮此混合物（称为麦芽浆），以便在容易地提取可溶性物质的同时使淀粉糊化。
making:制作
Hackett has been stirring malted barley into 150 - degree water in an enormous stainless steel tub.
在一口巨大的不锈钢锅中，哈科特把大麦麦芽加入150程度的热水中。
degree:程度
It has no carbon dioxide gas added to make it fizz, and it is brewed only from barley, hops and pure clear water.
这种啤酒不用添加二氧化硫使它冒泡，完全是用大麦、啤酒花与纯净水酿造而成。
dioxide:二氧化硫
The barman looked at him but did not answer. It was too late at night for conversation.
酒吧招待看看他，但是，没有答腔，夜深了，不便对话。
conversation:对话
But barmy carbohydrate appears in starch and candy, include those consist in food to counteract the starch in be being added into treatment food and candy.
可发酵的糖类出现在淀粉和糖中，包括那些存在于食物中和添加进加工食品中的淀粉和糖。
carbohydrate:糖类
People believes generally, all containing but the food of barmy carbohydrate can is opposite of dental caries form a potential effect.
人们普遍相信，所有含可发酵的糖类的食物都会对龋齿的形成起潜在的作用。
carbohydrate:糖类
The adhesion mechanism of barnacle, limpet, anemone, tube worm are described in this paper. It is very useful in the research of human biological adhesives and marine antifouling coatings.
主要介绍海洋生物中藤壶、帽贝、海葵、管栖蠕虫对其基材的附着力机理。这对于人体生物胶粘剂的研制开发和海洋环境中的防污行业意义重大。
adhesion:附着力
If the initiative for barnacle -scraping does not come from management, barnacles will never be scraped.
如果管理阶层不能采取倡议当机立断，障碍物永远无法铲除。
initiative:倡议
Under the new thinking, astronauts could barnstorm or circle the moon, Mars and Mars' twin moons, deploying probes to do their rock - collecting and experiments for them.
根据这种新思维，宇航员可以围绕月亮、火星和火星的两颗卫星飞行，同时部署探测器为他们进行岩石采集和试验工作。
moon:月亮
For the moment, the spiritual gap between them and American news organizations is larger than even the most sober Chinese media baron probably imagines.
事实上，即使南方报业集团是中国最冷静的传媒大亨，但他们依然无法想像两者之间精神上的差距。
imagines:想像
Tony Buzan recommends that once the time and place are right, you "immediately listen to music you associate with relaxation," preferring piano and baroque.
托尼·布赞建议，如果时间地点一旦合适，你可以“立即收听适合你的音乐来松弛”，尤其是钢琴和巴洛克。
relaxation:松弛
The real attraction are the fish; the lodge is like a goldfish bowl in reverse, where you sit and watch angelfish, parrotfish, barracuda and snappers peering in at you through the window.
真正吸引力眼球的地方是各种各样的鱼。住在小屋里就像你待在金鱼缸里一样，静静地坐着，你可以看到神仙鱼、鹦嘴鱼、梭鱼和鲷鱼透过窗户偷窥你哦。
attraction:吸引力
As I gradually master my buoyancy and hover 15 feet below the surface, I can see schools of small yellow groupers beneath the dive boat giving wide berth to a blade of a barracuda.
当我逐渐适应了浮力，盘旋下潜到水面以下15脚以后，就看见成群结队的黄色小石斑鱼为了躲避梭鱼而藏在潜水船下方。
feet:脚
S. As I gradually master my buoyancy and hover 15 feet below the surface, I can see schools of small yellow groupers beneath the dive boat giving wide berth to a blade of a barracuda.
当我逐渐适应了浮力，盘旋下潜到水面以下15脚以后，就看见成群结队的黄色小石斑鱼为了躲避梭鱼而藏在潜水船下方。
feet:脚
But that ’s passive relaxation and due to the constant barrage of stimuli it ’s not relaxation at all.
但那只是一种被动的松弛，而且因为不断的，密集的感官刺激，这完全就不是松弛。
relaxation:松弛
No one holding on to my arm, no biscuit wrappers or stones thrust into my waiting palm, no barrage of chat about the advantage of one Pokémon over another.
没有人挽着我的手臂，没有饼干盒或者石头丢到我那正在等待着的手掌中，没有人接二连三地跟我聊一小精灵加上另外一小精灵的好处。
one:一
If left uncapped, a continuous barrage of TCP connection requests and subsequent consumption of TCP resources by these network services will eventually use up all the available system resources.
如果不加限制的话，只要不断发出 TCP联系请求，让这些网络服务消耗的TCP资源不断增加，最终会占用所有可用的系统资源。
connection:联系
In the 18th century the barrel organ - often in combination with a clock - also finds its way into the houses of the wealthy bourgeoisie.
18世纪，滚筒风琴（它们通常与钟组合在一起）开始进入富有的资产阶级家庭。
combination:组合
Without the "oxygen elevator" in its mantle the earth would probably be a barren planet hostile to life.
在其地幔中如果没有“氧提升机”，地球很可能是一个生命难以存在的荒芜星球。
oxygen:氧
Some people experience shyness as a barrier to communication, but this can be broken down gradually.
有些人觉得害羞成为交际上的障碍，但这是可以逐渐克服的。
shyness:害羞
But the most important barrier to integration is the longstanding isolation of agriculture and health, and their research and policy processes.
但是一体化面临的最重要障碍是农业、卫生以及它们的研究和政策过程的长期隔离。
integration:一体化
After interior - point methods, the dual entropic barrier method is another new algorithm for solving linear programming problem.
熵的障碍对偶法是继内点法之后，又一解线性规划问题的新的算法。
entropic:熵的
After interior -point methods, the dual entropic barrier method is another new algorithm.
熵的障碍对偶法是继内点法之后，又一解线性规划问题的新的算法。
entropic:熵的
The results of the practical date processing show that the obstacle line barrier method is a scientific, rigorous, feasible solution.
实验结果表明，阻隔线阻隔法能够有效地解决方案在矢量数据表达中障碍空间下定级单元作用分计算。
solution:解决方案
This paper gives the extension of dual entropic barrier method and the convergence of its gradient method is …
本文讨论了熵的障碍对偶法的推广形式及其梯度类算法的收敛性。
entropic:熵的
Barring a miraculous bounce in the current quarter, the economy will fulfil the technical definition of a recession - two quarters of contraction.
除非这个季度出现奇迹般的反弹，否则两个季度的下降便意味着经济符合了经济衰退的定义。
recession:经济衰退
Guests can enjoy a large bright hall, a wine bar and a breakfast room with an amazing sea -view terrace.
酒店内设有一个明亮的大厅、葡萄酒酒吧以及早餐室，还有一个海景阳台。
terrace:阳台
For example, potassium channels are widely expressed in basal - ganglia neurons and play crucial roles in Parkinson's disease.
例子，钾离子通道在基底神经节上广泛表达并在帕金森症中也起到关键作用。
example:例子
It’s not only burning that puts you at risk. Cumulative exposure (repeated sunbathing without burning) is linked to basal cell and squamous cell carcinomas.
不仅是晒伤具有危险性，不停地接触阳光下（即反复晒日浴但不至于晒伤）也与基底细胞癌和扁平上皮癌有关。
exposure:接触
In addition, warmer ice sheets are more susceptible to increases of water flow, including the basal lubrication of ice that allows ice to flow more readily on bedrock.
此外，升温的冰盖很可能又促进了水流量添加，加之冰基层部分的润滑作用使冰更易流离基岩。
addition:添加
Next month in Reykjavík, Iceland, a pilot project will, for the first time, inject carbon dioxide - saturated water into a formation of basalt rock more than 1, 300 feet below ground.
三月，在冰岛雷克雅未克的试点项目中，科学家们将首次把二氧化碳饱和水溶液注入地下1，300多脚处的玄武岩层。
feet:脚
This common base provides interoperability between these extensions that extends the functionality of each.
这一公共基础为这些扩展名提供了互操作性，扩展名了各自的功能。
extensions:扩展名
The Kremlin, for example, thinks they will be a base of support.
例子，克里姆林宫认为，这群人将是支持者的基础。
example:例子
Data on their lives and photographs from the Baseball Register from 1952 were available for study.
关于他们的生活和相片资料能够从1952年的棒球注册处收集来学习。
study:学习
It was the comfort of learning from those countering sources that there were weapons – other kinds of baseball bats: defiance, exit, knowledge; not solitude, but other people; not silence, but speech.
给我以鼓舞的，是从那些蔑视源头了解到武器确实存在——其他类型的棒球棒：抵抗，罢工，知识；不是孤独，而是团结；不是沉默，而是呐喊。
defiance:蔑视
Thanks to a lack of proper information about sex or sex education, teenagers tend to believe myths and baseless facts about sex.
由于缺少有关性或性教育的正确信息，青少年往往倾向于相信关于性的谬论和毫无根据的事实。
lack:缺少
Lawyers for the AK Party argue the charges against it, which run to 162 pages, are baseless and filled with inaccuracies.
为正义与发展党辩护的律师辩称，控方长达162页数的指控毫无根据，同时充斥着不准确的内容。
pages:页数
Blackwater swiftly denounced the story as "baseless ", while a former Blackwater official – the CIA veteran Cofer Black – denied the New York Times's claim that he confronted Prince over the bribery.
黑色的水公司立刻谴责该故事“毫无根据”，与此同时，前黑色的水官员——美国中央情报局老将考夫·布莱克（CoferBlack）——对《纽约时报》称他曾质问普林斯有关贿赂事宜的说法予以否认。
Blackwater:黑色的水
For example, a business process that you failed to document in your baseline may have changed in one, more, or all of your target architectures.
例子，您没有记录到基线之中的业务进程可能在一个，或者多个，或者全部的目标结构中发生变更。
example:例子
On Thursday, gold posted its largest weekly loss in 25 years, while oil and base metal prices extended falls on fears of a decline in global demand if the United States slips into recession.
上周四金价录得25年以来最大单周跌幅,石油和基本金属价格则延续跌势,受有关美国若陷入经济衰退全球需求将放缓的忧虑拖累.
recession:经济衰退
He says that if the technology does work in orbit, the habitats will be ideal for building bases on the moon.
他说，如果这项技术可以在轨道上成功实施，可伸展太空屋将是建立月亮基地的理想材料。
moon:月亮
For extra bases (no, not really) adjust the "Angle of Descent" to see how a little curve becomes a big one in your peripheral vision.
对于额外基地(没有，不真正地)调整“下降角”看小的曲线怎么成为一在您的周边视觉。
one:一
Still, Russia refuses to renounce its recognition of the breakaway republics, or its insistence on placing military bases there.
但是，俄罗斯拒绝收回它对那些摆脱共和国的承认，坚持在那些地方部署军事基地。
breakaway:摆脱
Since I was familiar with this environment, most of the bash scripts that were needed got assigned to me as well. That was a nice little bonus.
因为我对这套环境非常熟悉，所以大部分bash剧本工作也都归我来管，这也算是对我工作的一种无偿的犒赏吧。
scripts:剧本
Everybody knows that you can use a hammer to drive a screw or pliers to bash in a nail, but any skilled craftsperson knows that using the wrong tool for the job will eventually catch up with you.
任何人都知道，你可以使用锤子来敲打螺丝钉，或者钳子来砸指甲。但任何一个有经验的工匠都知道，错误地使用工具最终会给你带来麻烦。
nail:指甲
The latest recession -fueled outburst of America - bashing in China might worry Washington, but it's even scarier to the rulers in Beijing.
在经济经济衰退之下，中国爆发最新的“修理美国（America-bashing）”风气，这可能令华盛顿担心，但更令北京的统治者惊慌。
recession:经济衰退
You and your faithful dog are about to put an end to this and bash the moles out of their holes.
你和你的忠实的狗将要结尾这个和谴责这个胎记从洞里熏出来。
end:结尾
Dana Bash take us out on the campaign trail that look like a money trail, to see how much being spent, and where's all coming from.
DanaBash带我们详细看一下活动的费用问题，看一下总共需要花费多少，以及这些资金来自何处。
campaign:活动
If everything worked out well, you ’ll see a normal bash prompt.
如果一切正常，你将会看到正常的bash命令行迅速的。
prompt:迅速的
So all these steps in evolution are increasing, basically, the evolution of evolvability.
因此，演化的这些步骤基本上都是在增加演化的可进化性。
evolvability:可进化性
Basically, I tend to wait with implementing a standard until there is sufficient user request for it.
我基本上趋向于等到有足够的用户要求它时才会实现一种标准。
request:要求
That way, you can check the basics of the solution and separate problems on the server from problems on the client.
通过这种方式，您可检查解决方案方案的基础，并将服务器的问题与客户机的问题区分开来。
solution:解决方案
For example, if the idea "basic training" comes to mind, your sublist should contain everything you can think of relating to basic training: drill sergeants, marching, inspections.
例子，如果一个叫“基本培训”的想法突然从脑袋里钻出来，你就可以列一张附属单，里面都是关于基础培训的，有关基础培训的东西都可以写下来，操练，进展，审视都可以。
example:例子
In Italy there are laws defining pizza, which set allowances on the type of flour, tomato, mozzarella, olive oil, basil and oregano.
在意大利，有关于定义比萨的法律，规定比萨由面粉、番茄、意大利干酪、橄榄、罗勒和牛至制成。
olive:橄榄
Of bashfulness, diffidence or fear we had none, our main object being to bask in the heat of our own fervour.
我们没有任何害羞、胆怯和恐惧，因为我们的主要目的就是沉浸在我们自己的狂热当中。
none:没有任何
Like a lot of historical movies, it was criticized for its inaccuracy. But that didn `t seem to bother the millions who showed up to bask in its idealism.
同许多同类影片一样，有评论指出片中历史背景模糊不清，但这并不影响数以百万计的观众对于唯心主义的向往。
idealism:唯心主义
"Another pause." Be sure to put it in the basket at airport security. Don't walk through the detector with it.
暂停了一下，“记得把它放在机场保安部门的篮子里，不要拿着它在有监测器的地方经过。
pause:暂停
"I realized early on this was the future, whether it was vision or luck we put all our eggs in that basket ," he said.
柯利说：“我早就意识到这里才是未来之所在。无论是高瞻远瞩也好，纯属运气也罢，反正我们把所有的鸡蛋都放在这个篮子里了。”
luck:运气
The Basset Hound possesses in marked degree those characteristics which equip it admirably to follow a trail over and through difficult terrain.
巴吉度猎犬具有下列几种显著的特点，巴吉度猎犬是一种非常优秀的痕迹踪迹犬，可以在非常复杂的地形条件下工作。
trail:踪迹
Unfortunately, due to management problems, the band broke up in 2003 when bassist Zhong Chengda and drummer Chen Guanyu quit.
遗憾的是，由于管理上的问题，随着贝斯手钟成达和贝斯手陈冠宇的离开，乐队于2003年解散。
bassist:贝斯手
It features Dee Dee's "dream band," comprised of pianist Edsel Gomez, bassist Christian McBride, drummer Lewis Nash, and James Carter on saxophone, flute and clarinet.
它具有德埃德埃的“梦乐队，”钢琴家组成埃兹尔戈麦斯，贝斯手基督教麦克布赖德，贝斯手刘易斯纳什，詹姆斯卡特在萨克斯，长笛，单簧管。
bassist:贝斯手
There is a growing number of 9 - 13 string bassist out here in the world.
现在世界上弹奏9-13细绳贝司的演奏家越来越多了。
string:细绳
The band is directed by founder, bassist and songwriter Steve Harris.
乐队创始人，贝司手和词曲作者史蒂夫哈里斯导演。
songwriter:词曲作者
Blair also noted that Paul Keating, then Australia PM, felt Murdoch was "a bastard, but one you could deal with ".
布莱尔还指出，时任澳大利亚总理的保罗·基廷，认为默多克是“一混蛋，但却是可以交往的混蛋”。
one:一
Learn how to baste a center zipper with expert sewing tips in this free craft video clip.
了解如何绷在这个自由的工艺与专家视频夹子拉链缝制技巧中心。
clip:夹子
Learn about covering your turkey with foil when preparing to baste turkey with expert cooking tips for making turkey in this free video recipe clip.
了解有关您的箔覆盖在准备绷在这个自由制作影片夹子火鸡食谱烹饪技巧与专家土耳其土耳其。
clip:夹子
Learn how to pin and baste a center zipper with expert sewing tips in this free craft video clip.
了解如何针和绷在这个自由的工艺与专家视频夹子拉链缝制技巧中心。
clip:夹子
Learn how to baste this slow cooked chicken recipe with expert cooking tips in this free online video clip.
了解如何绷在这个免费的在线视频夹子这个专家烹饪技巧慢炖鸡肉食谱。
clip:夹子
She went up in a balloon and down the Niagara Falls, and liked to create her own fashions — a stuffed bat, for example, perched on a hat.
她乘坐气球上升，在尼亚加拉大瀑布降落，她喜欢创造自己的时尚，例子，一个蝙蝠标本栖息在一顶帽子上。
example:例子
The bat, along with an orange spider and a yellow - spotted frog are among a host of new species found in a region of Papua New Guinea.
巴布亚新几内亚一地区发现的一大批新物种。上述的这种蝙蝠，以及一种橙子的蜘蛛和一种黄斑蛙都位列其中。
orange:橙子
This bat is noted for its weird “hairdo ”, and for the strange odor males use to attract females during courtship.
这种蝙蝠以其怪异的“发型”以及求偶期男性为了吸引雌性所使用的奇怪气味而著称。
males:男性
Found in the rain forests of Africa, this large bat gets its name for the huge, strangely shaped head of the males.
这种大型的蝙蝠发现于非洲的雨林之中，因为男性锤形头蝙蝠那形状奇特的头部而得名。
males:男性
This technique can be effective for batch processing, though it requires application modifications and testing.
此技术对批加工有效，不过要求对应用程序进行修改和测试。
processing:加工
This pattern precludes the need for long sweeps of source systems during batch windows.
这种模式排除了在批窗口中长时间彻底搜索源系统的需要。
batch:批
In batch mode, you can now select multiple rows in the query results and modify the CTCs to assign them to their rightful owners.
在批模式中，您现在能够选择查询结果中的多个行，并且修改CTC，将它们指派到其合法的拥有者。
batch:批
It was originally designed for batch processing, but after using it to publish several Web sites and receiving plenty of feedback from users, I realized that it needed a friendlier interface.
设计它的初衷是将它用于批加工，但是用它发布了几个网站并收到了来自用户的众多反馈之后，我意识到它需要一个更友好的界面。
processing:加工
The sponsor often doesn't make up its mind whether to hold the conference again until the end of the show; and everyone waits around with bated breath to see if it will make it one more year.
会议主办方往往在会议结尾时才确定是否将再次举行会议，而每个人也在静观其变。
end:结尾
Take a warm shower or bath to warm up your muscles beforehand, then lie on the floor and stretch.
先洗个热淋浴或者泡个热水澡来帮助你的肌肉热身，然后躺在地板上开始拉紧。
stretch:拉紧
Use two slip doors, can develop give deep the 1.5 rice, bathhouse that grow 4.5 meters, make have a dream that enters type cloakroom to become reality in the bedroom.
利用两扇滑门，就可以开拓出一个深1.5米、长4.5米的更衣室，使在卧室里拥有一个步入式衣帽间的梦想成为现实。
slip:滑
Some old man in a white bathing suit was chasing a pack of dogs down Willow …… "Then his eyes fell on my clothes. A puzzled look mixed with fear came over his face.
一个穿着白色游泳衣的老头子沿着柳条街追赶一群狗……”然后他的目光落到了我的衣服上，他的脸上显出一种掺杂着害怕的困惑表情。
fear:害怕
A bathing suit and towel are the basics for a great day of swimming or running through the sprinkler.
只要有一套泳衣和一条毛巾这些基本的东西，你这一天就可以在飞扬水花中尽情地沐浴和奔跑。
bathing:沐浴
Worth's war was one that went from high excitement to moments of bathos.
沃思经历了战争的最激动时期，直到战争的最后时刻。
excitement:激动
Circular shaped bathtub will calm you at the end of a long day.
圆形的浴缸会让你在漫长的一天结尾后镇定下来。
end:结尾
I was in the bathtub when she came in with a large leaf - an elephant ear.
我在浴缸里的时候，她来了，带着一个大叶片——一片大象耳叶。
elephant:大象
When you attempt to design a new policy ， don‘t throw the baby out with the bath water.
当你拟定新的政策时，不把好的部份，连同不好的，一起扔掉。
don‘t:不
Before you throw out the baby with the bathwater, look at what is happening in the rest of the world … look at capitalism, look at the bailouts and the recession.
但在你连洗澡水带孩子一起倒掉之前，看看世界其他国家都发生了什么...看看资本主义，看看救市方案和经济经济衰退。
recession:经济衰退
The main benefit of using SVG and the Batik toolkit to produce images through XML is that every XML tool, including scripts and stylesheets, is now suitable to produce Web graphics.
使用SVG和Batik工具箱带来的主要好处是，您可以通过XML生成图像，每一种XML工具，包括剧本与样式表，现在都可以用来产生Web图像了。
scripts:剧本
For most of his existence in print, he ’s been better defined in his death than in his life, as a sign of Batman ’s failures and tragedy.
在他打印出来的故事中，他在死亡中的重新定义远胜他活着时所被定义的，作为蝙蝠侠的错误、失败和悲剧。
print:打印
Today we'll see one fighting training of a landing assault battalion with imitations of enemy landings and marines attacks.
今天我们将要看到一场登陆突袭营的实战训练，其间有模拟的敌军登陆和海军陆战队突击。
assault:突击
Both Jenni, 28, and Eddie, 37, from Derby are carriers of the faulty gene which causes Batten's disease - meaning any of their children have a one in four chance of inheriting the condition.
来自英国德比郡的28岁的珍妮与37岁的艾迪都携带有能导致贝敦氏症的错误基因，这就意味着他们任何一孩子都有四分之一遗传这种基因的机会。
one:一
During Way of Life crises, the companies and individuals who thrive (while others batten down the hatches) embrace sustainable values over situational values.
在“生活方式”危机中，茁壮成长的公司和个人（而其他的则是未雨绸缪）信奉可持续价值观而非情景价值观。
others:其他的
The causes as a result of driver operation mistake cylinder body that this is a model by batter down accident.
这是一起典型的由于驾驶员手术错误引起的缸体被打烂事故。
operation:手术
Stability in the fear and faith of God will make a man like a wall of brass, which no one can batter down or break.
对上帝抱著绝大的信心，便能在害怕中屹立不摇动，因为唯有上帝能使一人成为铜墙铁壁般的坚固，没有人能把他打垮。
one:一
What helps to delineate the Thor and Battlecruiser as both being high - tier support units? Lots of concern over this duality? (www. starcraft. org)
雷神机甲和战略巡洋舰作两个都为高等支援单位该如何定义?许多人很忧虑对这种重复定位。
concern:忧虑
The usual creed and battle cry in self improvement or in any endeavor worth doing is to “Work hard hard hard !” and while it ’s great advice, it should be placed in the big picture.
在自己提升或努力时的最常见信条和呐喊就是“努力工作，努力，再努力”，这是最好的建议，它应该被熟知。
self:自己
New Beijing, Great Olympics ,this is not only a slogan that fires the imagination of the people but also a battle cry that rallies the whole Chinese nation.
"新北京,新奥运"不仅仅是激发了人们想像力的口号,更是团结整个中华民族的呼声.
imagination:想像力
Connected the very heavy report card, have not come yet and concern that a few and pitiful score, in mind the happy is quickly the battle cry: Summer vacation, long live!
接过沉甸甸的成绩单，还没来得及忧虑那几个可怜的成绩，就在心里欢快地呐喊：暑假，万岁！
concern:忧虑
These injuries resemble those on skulls from a 1461 battlefield cemetery in England, Murphy says.
墨菲说，这些创伤很像英国一个1461年的战场公墓中颅骨的创伤。
cemetery:公墓
Japan also emerged from the war with a forward -looking point of view, though you might not think so watching Space Battleship Yamato.
日本抱着“向前看法”的态度也从战争的阴影里走了出来，虽然你看法《宇宙战舰大和号》的时候也许不会这么认为。
view:看法
The key difference with the Pirate Bay trial is only that it was heard in a criminal court, not a civil one.
针对海盗湾的审讯是在刑事法庭听取的而非民事法庭，这就是其关键性的不同之处之处。
difference:不同之处
Transfer the beans to a medium saucepan and add the stock and bay leaf.
转让一个中型平底锅和豆子添加股票和月桂叶。
beans:豆子
The dried aromatic leaf of the laurel or bay(Laurus nobilis) used as a seasoning in cooking.
月桂树（月桂月桂属）的干香叶，在烹饪中用作调味品。
cooking:烹饪
Modern models 107 and 108 have well - balanced automatics have matching sites that enable to mount a grenade launcher or a bayonet.
先进型号AK-107和AK-108拥有具有良好平衡能力的自动化装置，并且备有安装榴弹发射器或者刺刀的地方。
automatics:自动化
Lily: You have drank dozens of cups. You are bound to get a bay window.
莉莉：你已经喝了十多杯子了，你的肚皮会变大的。
cups:杯子
Wake up every day to see the kind of warm sun drying into the bay window, I suddenly feel that life is a beautiful thing.
每天醒来，看到种类暖暖的阳光晒进窗台，我突然觉得生活是一件美好的东西。
kind:种类
BBC reports that the new variants could improve rice production in flood -prone areas such as Asia and Africa, where up to 40 percent of the rice crop experiences flash floods or deep water.
英国广播公司报道说，在像亚洲和非洲这样的洪水易发地区，新的水稻变种能提高米产量，当地生长的水稻作物中，有40%能够抵挡住山洪暴发或深水环境。
rice:米
With the start of BBC World Service Television, millions of viewers in Asia and America can now watch the Corporation's news coverage, as well as listen to it.
随着BBC国际电视服务节目的开播，百万来自亚洲和美洲的观众们现在不仅可以收听到该公司的新闻报道，而且还可以收看到。
millions:百万
"The article clearly demonstrates that within REDD, specific attention should go to analyzing the role of fire and propose more responsible use of fire and / or alternatives for fire ," he told BBC News.
“这篇文章明确证明，在REDD方案里，应该特别注意力分析火灾的影响，并提出更可靠的用火建议和/或火的替代物。”他对BBC新闻说。
attention:注意力
From 508 to 502 BC, he began to develop a series of major reforms, leading to the formation of Athenian Democracy.
从公元前508年到公元前502年，他开始进行了一些列的改革，编队了雅典民主制的基本框架。
formation:编队
This new world is not -- and will not be -- one global village, so much as a network of different ones.
这个全新世界已经不是——将来也不会是——那些地球村，彼此之间的关系也会大有不同。
ones:那些
However, this often led to confusion because models expressed in such languages could be -- and often were -- interpreted differently by different individuals.
然而，由于模型在这种语言中很可能――并且通常是――被不同的商家解释成不同的含义，因此经常导致概念困惑。
confusion:困惑
It may not be as fun as it used to be -- but that has the greatest chance of making you feel better.
也许看上去，它不如过去看上去的那么乐趣——但是让你感觉不错的巨大机会就在里面。
fun:乐趣
Invest future with far sight, we can always reserve sufficient vision and stable beachhead for the investment enterprise during the high - speed growth market and make us to go further.
以远见投资未来，我们总是为投资企业在一个高速生长的市场上，留下充分的想象力和稳定的滩头阵地，让企业走的更远。
growth:生长
The beachhead is crowded, but her avatar is wearing the coveted mother - of- pearl combat armor, and it's not long before some players ask her if she wants to join their fire team.
滩头阵地上人山人海，但她的角色身着令人艳羡的珍珠之母战斗盔甲，因此没过多久就有玩家问她是否愿意加入他们的火力组。
armor:盔甲
He shakes his head at the thought of this one thing, this single hideous bead on the necklace of his life.
他一边想法着这件事一边摇着他的头，他生活的项链上唯独可怕的一颗珠子。
thought:想法
Aside from the obvious cardio benefits, jumping rope can help develop coordination, agility, quickness and endurance for $5 or less (some double - weight beaded ropes can cost $10 to $40).
除具有明显的有氧运动的特点外，跳绳还可以提高身体的协调性、灵敏性、速度反应能力和耐力。一根跳绳只要5美元或者更少（有些珠状的跳绳重量是普通绳子的2倍，价格也较贵，10美元到40美元不等）。
quickness:速度
As with balling, the solution to solder beading occurring during the RTS profile is to raise the ramp rate until the problem is resolved.
和解决方案锡球的方法一样，在RTS曲线中将升温斜率适当的升高直到解决方案问题。
solution:解决方案
From two thousand feet he tried again, rolling into his dive, beak straight down, wings full out and stable from the moment he passed fifty miles per hour.
他从两千脚高空再试一次。时速一达到五十英里，他就翻转身俯冲下来，嘴朝下，双翅完全展开，一动不动。
feet:脚
With its green back, pale grey chest, pale orange beak and blue wing feathers, the monk parakeet, which grows to around 30cm in length, is a distinctive addition to the UK's wildlife.
和尚鹦鹉这种显眼的英国野生生物新成员体长约30厘米，有着绿色的的背部，浅灰色的胸部，浅橙色的嘴和蓝色的飞羽。
green:绿色的
During this time, an X- ray beam comes from above and penetrates your breast tissue.
在这段时间里，一道X光光线会从上面照下来，穿透你的胸部组织。
breast:胸部
Also if you want that cool bean bag toss board she has in the picture you can find the same one here.
同样，如果你想要有一和图片中塔玛拉他们玩的游戏中一样的豆子投包板的话，你可以在这里找到同样的东西。
one:一
When his beanpole doubled, he knew something huge was on the other end. His father watched with admiration as the boy skillfully worked the fish alongside the dock.
鱼钩震动了两下，他意识到一个大家伙上钩了。他的父亲在船坞的一侧钦佩地看着儿子熟练地操纵鱼竿，俘获猎物。
admiration:钦佩
German authorities were still hunting on Monday for the origin of the deadly Escherichia coli outbreak after early tests failed to confirm that a bean - sprout farm in northern Germany was the source.
周一，德国有关部门继续追踪此次暴发的致命性大肠杆菌疫情的源头。此前的测试无法确定德国北部一个种植豆芽的农场就是疫情暴发的源头。
outbreak:暴发
Everyone likes a good laughter; he brings good cheer with him wherever he goes, the very thought of him makes life more bearable.
大家都喜欢善于笑声的人，无论他到何处，都带着令人愉快的欢笑声，一想起他就会使生活变得比较可以忍受的了。
laughter:笑声
More than forgetting, perhaps what he fears is that he will be denied access— that the little box will one day recognize him behind his thick and convincing beard, will decide he has no right of entry.
比起忘记密码，他更害怕的也许是哪天就不让他进了——这小信箱总有一天会透过他那茂密的令人信服的胡须认出他来，宣布他无权入口。
entry:入口
As the costs of climate change bear down on the poor, so their demands grow that rich countries, which caused most of the problems, should help them cope.
穷国承担气候变化的成本，另一边需要大多数问题的始作俑者—富国帮助他们应对的需求也在增加。
demands:需要
PETA was protesting against the slaughter of Canada black bears for the Queen's Guards' ceremonial bearskin hats and called to replace the fur with modern synthetic materials.
PETA抗议为了制作女王御林军的礼帽而屠宰加拿大黑熊，并要求以合成纤维取代之。
slaughter:屠宰
In fact, a recent survey of 6,000 travelers by British Hotel Chain Travelodge found that 25% of men take a teddy bear with them when they go on business trips.
实际上，英国酒店连锁最近民意调查了6000名旅游者，发现25%的男人在公务旅行时会带上他们的泰迪熊。
survey:民意调查
Sometimes I would just like to unleash my inner beast with someone but I have no outlet (at least not ones that I can feel good about).
有时，我只想放出心中的野兽，和那些人……但我没有出路（至少自己没有很好的办法）。
ones:那些
To gratify his senses and attain material comforts a person will work like a beast of burden.
为了满足自己的感官并获得安慰的物质生活条件，人类会像野兽一样行为。
comforts:安慰
A domesticated South American ruminant mammal (Lama glama) related to the camel, raised for its soft, fleecy wool and used as a beast of burden.
美洲驼与骆驼有亲缘关系，家养的南美反刍哺乳动物（亚美利加驼骆马属），主要价值在于蓬松的如絮的毛，并用作。
fleecy:蓬松的
But the beating of their heart is the beat they walk to, not a beat set in time by others or by fear.
但是他们心脏的跳动是为他们走向想过的生活的跳动，而不是被其他的事情或害怕而跳动的。
others:其他的
My old enemies have not beaten me; now would be the precise time to revenge myself on their representatives: I could do it; and none could hinder me.
我旧日的敌人并不曾打败我；现在正是我向他们的代表人报仇的时候：我可以这样作；没有任何人能阻拦我。
none:没有任何
And for me it's a recession beater too -- what's the harm in using my assets for a bit of extra cash, "Hiley said in a statement.
而且对我来说，这还能使我在经济经济衰退的环境中捞点外快。用我自己的母乳赚点钱没什么害处。
recession:经济衰退
Temperature 37, humidity 60 No rings of the clumsy bell, the Atiantic is moist and humidity, and my body like a beatific island, feels that I'm in London.
温度37度，湿度60大本钟不响大西洋湿而温润我的身体，是一座幸福的岛屿感觉在伦敦！
moist:湿
On the birthday, one commonly receives nice gifts and beatific wishes from friends and parents.
一人在他生日那天通常会收到许多朋友和父母送给他的礼物和祝福。
one:一
So, we thought it might help if we dressed BoA up like a real, American beatnik while she worked on her new English lyrics.
因此，我们认为这可能有助于如果我们穿着宝儿行动就像一个真实的，美国披头士同时，她对她的新的英文歌词。
beatnik:披头士
Measuring in at over 13 feet long, this lungfish beat out the prior record - holder, an 11.5 -foot long lungfish from Africa.
测量长超过13脚，击败了之前的纪录保持者一种长为11.5脚的非洲肺鱼。
feet:脚
Unfortunately, some negative side effects of long-term cortisol release can leave you pretty beat up on the inside.
不幸的是，长期发布皮质醇让其水平偏高，这样带来的负面效应会让你心力衰竭。
release:发布
Late in the afternoon, thunder growling, that same old green pickup rolled in and he saw Jack get out of the truck, beat - up Resistol tilted back.
下午晚些时候，雷开始隆隆轰鸣。那辆熟悉的绿色旧卡车驶入了埃尼斯的眼帘，杰克从车上跳出来，一巴掌把翘起来的车尾拍下去。
thunder:雷
They should be on display: you should be sharing their beauty with others.
它们也应该被展示，它们的美丽也需要被分享。
beauty:美丽
We need to present our freshest, happiest selves to the world and we can only do this by soaking up the beauty of the world around us.
我们需要向世界展现出自己最清新、最愉快的一面，而只有通过汲取周围世界的美丽，我们才能做到这一点。
beauty:美丽
So many of the essays show that there is beauty in what we ordinary programmers do.
众多的短文展示了在我们普通编程人员日常所做的工作中的美丽。
beauty:美丽
Ann: Well. There's a beauty contest in Thailand just for fat beauties.
泰国有一个选美丽比赛是专门为胖美丽人们而设的。
beauty:美丽
The beauty contest has been held annually since 1997. Transsexuals in Thailand also are called "Katoey.
蒂芬妮环球小姐"选美丽比赛自1997年起每年举办一届，参加者均为变性人，也就是泰国俗称的"人妖"。
beauty:美丽
More than 10, 000 camels from across the Gulf will be competing for millions of dollars in prize money at a beauty pageant for the "ship of the desert" in Abu Dhabi this week.
（阿联酋首都）阿布扎比将于本周为具有“沙漠之舟”之称的骆驼举行选美大赛。届时，来自海湾各国的一万多头骆驼将参加选美，大赛的奖金总额达百万美元。
millions:百万
She goes to a fancy beauty salon, gets her hair done, purchases new make-up and buys several new outfits, and dress up very nicely for the man.
她去一家美容院，制作个发型，买了新的假发和几件新的套装，为了这个男人，她把自己打扮的非常的美丽。
make:制作
Border upon Nanbei Lake Beauty Spot and Haining Tide, The transportation is extremely facilitates.
南北湖风景区“、”天下奇观海宁潮“近在咫尺，交通十分促进。
facilitates:促进
A rock hyrax, an animal the size and shape of a beaver but, oddly enough, a relative of the elephant, was sunning itself on a rock by the front gate.
一只岩兔，一种像海狸那样尺寸的动物在大门口附近的山岩上跑过，奇怪的是它竟然是大象的近亲。
size:尺寸
There, 600 engineers from around the world beaver away on next - gen products, everything from cleaner coal to high tech manufacturing.
在这里，来自世界各地的600多位工程师正在辛勤研发新一代产品，从更洁净的煤炭到高科技制造业技术应有尽有。
manufacturing:制造业
In partnership with the US, both have the potential to become the solution rather than the problem.
而与美国合作，中美双方就都有可能参与解决方案问题，而不是成为问题本身。
solution:解决方案
I was very disappoint, I knew that you just a little silent and buzz bedbug!
我感到非常辜负，我知道你只不过是有点沉默的小臭虫而已！
disappoint:辜负
Her bed- chamber is hidden in the sombre part of the ideal.
她的寝室是隐藏在理想的的阴影中。
ideal:理想的
If you change their cage or their bedding, does it still work?
要是你给它们换了笼或者垫草，它们还能继续工作吗？
cage:笼
Stretch is on the presser foot of organization and formation of needle bed down and pull, so for the presser foot is always tilted down random first move from front to back.
组织牵拉是靠压脚的与针床的向下压拉而编队拉力，因此为压脚总是随机头移动方向由前向后往下倾斜。
formation:编队
Denmark has been celebrating the wedding in Copenhagen, which has been bedecked with Danish and Australian flags, while portraits of the couple are hanging in shop windows.
丹麦在哥本哈根举行了婚礼庆典，哥本哈根市内挂满了丹麦和澳大利亚国旗，新人的人像也被挂在商店橱窗里。
portraits:人像
And well- behaved little Qinan lay quiet in bed, his head put on an oxygen mask.
乖巧的小钦安静地躺在病床上，头部戴上了一个氧面罩。
oxygen:氧
Bedpan auto down, while auto - lift Toilet on the cover with the bed board and mattress fit tightly.
便盆汽车下移，同时坐便器上盖板汽车抬起，与床板和床垫紧密贴合。
auto:汽车
The utility model relates to a bedpan lifting device which is applied to a hospital bed with a relief hole.
本公用事业新型是一种应用在带有方便孔的病床上的便盆升降装置。
utility:公用事业
The utility model is a novel bedpan lifting device applied to the ward bed with a defecation hole.
本公用事业新型是一种应用在带有方便孔的病床上的便盆升降装置。
utility:公用事业
The utility model provides a toilet pan lifting device and relates to a device for supporting a bedpan and a water tank in a toilet pan with an adjustable height.
本公用事业新型坐便器升降装置，涉及一种可以调整便盆高度的坐便器中支撑便盆和水箱的装置。
utility:公用事业
The utility model provides a bedpan. A bedpan cavity for containing ordure is arranged on the bedpan;
本公用事业新型提供一种便盆，便盆设有可容纳污物的盆腔；
utility:公用事业
Objective To observe the effects of post- operative on- bed rehabilitation gymnastics on patients with lower limb fracture.
目的探讨床上复原操对下肢骨折患者术后卧床期间肢体功能复原的效果。
rehabilitation:复原
To ease my mind, I keep a notebook or a stack of Post -It notes next to my bed, so I can jot down any last -minute thoughts before I go to sleep.
为了放松心情，我会在床边放本笔记本或者放些便利贴，这样我就能随手记下睡觉着前的最后想法。
sleep:睡觉
How does someone hang herself from a bedpost? It's, what, three feet off the floor?
怎么有人会将自己吊在床柱上呢、脱离地板三脚吗？
feet:脚
It was midnight when Wu Xinghu and his wife finally persuaded their one-year-old son to go to sleep, tucking him carefully into the corner of their bed, against the wall so that he would not roll out.
当伍星湖和他的妻子将他们一岁大的儿子哄睡觉着的时候，已经是半夜了。他们仔细的把儿子用被子包好放在靠墙的内侧床角上，以防儿子在翻身的时候掉下床。
sleep:睡觉
All the stoves can be lighted by pressing a button at the bedside.
所有的电暖炉只要按一下床头的按钮就能点燃。
bedside:床头
I can’t say it made missing him any easier but that scene at his bedside will stay with me forever.
虽然这不会减轻我失去父亲的悲痛，但他临终时床头的一幕永远留在我的心里。
bedside:床头
Do not keep it near your body at night such as under the pillow or on a bedside table, particularly if pregnant.
不要将它放在身体附近比如枕头底下或者床头的桌子上，尤其对于孕妇。
bedside:床头
Make use of a journal by your bedside. Instead of lying there worrying, write in your journal and leave the thoughts for dealing with during daytime.
充分利用床头的杂志代替在床上担心这担心那，也可以写日志的方法整理白天发生的事情。
bedside:床头
Sitting by his bedside, I learned a lot about my dad by just listening to his dreams. He relived one church building project after another.
我坐在他床头，从聆听梦话得知很多关于父亲的总总，他不断地讲述一个个敦堂建筑的事。
bedside:床头
About the middle of the night, I was wakened from my first nap by Mrs Linton gliding into my chamber, taking a seat on my bedside, and pulling me by the hair to rouse me.
大约在夜半，我才打盹没多会儿，就被林惇夫人弄醒了，她溜到我卧房里，搬把椅子在我床头，拉我的头发把我唤醒。
bedside:床头
I lightly touched her lips with an ice chip from the pitcher on her bedside table, and brushed the gray -flecked hair across her sweaty brow.
我走到她床头，用她床头桌子上水壶里的冰片轻轻触了下她的嘴唇，然后拂开她被汗水湿透的脸上那微灰的头发。
bedside:床头
A little better bedside manner offering education and choice is far preferable to a simple you need this approach to customer service.
像是对待病人一样的态度来提供教导和选择远远比简单的的你需要这个更受客户的青睐。
simple:简单的
She nixed some of the candidates for their poor bedside manner (“There should be mutual respect ”), others because of their proposed treatment plans.
她说。她拒绝了一些应征者，就因为他们对病人的态度太糟糕（“应该是相互尊敬”），其他的的则是因为他们提议的治疗方案。
others:其他的
We have witnessed our medical colleagues embrace so-called "soft skills" (communication skills, a good bedside manner) through their improved undergraduate education. NMC take heed.
我们目睹了医疗同事通过改进本科教育，信奉所谓的“软技能”（沟通技巧，良好的床头礼仪）。
bedside:床头
The website tells knowledges of bedsores and its solutions(the Formula), provides information of purchase and contact.
该网站提供了有关褥疮（溃疡）的知识以及其治疗药物，并提供购买和接触信息。
contact:接触
Frequent bedsores and other health problems caused by physical inactivity have prompted him to take up exercise: scuba diving.
因为身体无法动弹，经常产生褥疮及健康问题，驱使他必须锻炼，就是斯库巴潜水。
exercise:锻炼
Then there is the issue of bedtime. With the sober concern of parents dealing with the sleep issues of children, we debate whether to allow her in our bed.
然后就出现了就寝时间的问题，就像父母总是会有节制的关注孩子的睡觉觉问题一样，我们也常常为了是否应该让她睡觉在我们的床上而争辩。
sleep:睡觉
Parents with bedwetting children learn to curtail all liquids about 2 hours before sleep, thereby allowing the child's body to void excess liquids about 30 - 60 minutes before actual bed-time.
家里有尿床孩子的家长知道不让孩子睡觉前2小时内喝东西，这样在孩子睡觉觉的30-60分钟内不会排泄。
sleep:睡觉
Parents with bedwetting children learn to curtail all liquids about 2 hours before sleep, thereby allowing the child's body to void excess liquids about 30 - 60 minutes before actual bed - time.
容易尿床的小孩的父母要学会睡觉前两小时缩减饮料，让小孩的身体排泄多余的液体，这些都要在实际上床时间的30-60分钟以前。
sleep:睡觉
Other trees with the Fibonacci leaf arrangement are the elm tree (1/2); the beech (1/3); the willow (3/8) and the almond tree (5/13) (Livio, Adler).
其它一些树木的斐波那契布局分数还有榆树（1/2)；榉木（1/3）；柳（3/8)和杏树（5/13）（Livio，Adler）。
willow:柳
The'meat' is currently 10 to 20 times more expensive that your average beef burger due to research costs, however Professor Ikeda hopes to bring costs down over time.
实验成本也使得这种“粪肉”价格不菲，其售价约为普通牛肉汉堡包的10到20倍，不过池田教授希望“粪肉”的价格能够日趋合理。
burger:汉堡包
I think it might be the delicious 100% beef burger and how the flavours merge with the sauce, which is made to a carefully-guarded recipe.
我觉得应该是汉堡包中百分百的美味牛肉，以及根据秘方调成的香料和酱汁。
burger:汉堡包
Actually, a beef burger and a cup of milk that was enough for me.
事实上，一个牛肉汉堡包和一杯牛奶，我受够了。
burger:汉堡包
Made from hand- massaged Kobe beef, the burger is topped with portobello mushrooms and wasabi mayonnaise.
从手工按摩的神户牛肉制成，汉堡包配上波托贝洛蘑菇和芥末蛋黄酱。
burger:汉堡包
For example in Asia, where rice is a diet staple, we successfully introduced an innovative rice burger — Kalubi beef and spicy chicken served on a toasted rice patty.
例子，在亚洲米饭是主食，以此为依据我们成功的引出了一种新创米饭汉堡包即Kalubi牛排和辣味鸡一起食用。
example:例子
For example in Asia, where rice is a diet staple, we successfully introduced an innovative rich burger-Kalubi beef and spicy chicken served on a toasted rice patty.
例子在亚洲，在那里大米是主要的地方饮食，我们成功引进了一个创新丰富的牛肉和辣鸡酒店式服务在烘烤的大米帕蒂的。
example:例子
"One burger has 225 grams of Kobe beef .It is so expensive because the flavour is really different," said Erwan Ruswandi, the chief of the restaurant offering the gourmet burger.
推出该款美味汉堡包包的饭店餐厅主管鲁斯旺迪表示：“每个汉堡包包内含有225克神户牛肉。
burger:汉堡包
For example in Asia, where rice is a diet staple, we successfully introduces an innovative rice burger - -- Kalubi beef and spicy chicken served on a toasted rice patty.
例子在亚洲，米饭是主食，我们成功的介绍创新的米饭汉堡包---KALUBILI牛排和辣味鸡与烤米馅饼一起食用。
example:例子
Once you know that the bread must be toasted packet white, the bacon smoked, the lettuce Iceberg, the tomato beefsteak and the mayo Hellmann's then even the most hopeless tyro can't go wrong.
一旦你知道白色的烤面包，熏制的培根，西生菜，番茄牛排和好乐门蛋黄酱对于再菜的菜鸟都不会弄错。
white:白色的
non-Western beekeeping methods that emphasize humility, respect, and truly being part
他们与非西方的养蜂方法也毫无共同之处，后者强调谦逊、尊重，真正是大自然的一部分，而不是为了人类获利辖制自然。
humility:谦逊
Drivers can beeline to open slots, or head to work and let the car park itself—and then call the car to come fetch them at day ’s end.
司机可以直接开进车位，或者去上班，让汽车自己停入停车场，然后在一天结尾后呼叫他们的汽车自动出来。
end:结尾
Connection -oriented: Applications passing data using BEEP are expected to connect, do their business, and then disconnect.
面向联系：使用BEEP传递数据的应用程序被期望联系、做它们的交易然后断开联系。
Connection:联系
Asynchronous: Unlike HTTP, BEEP is not restricted to a particular ordering of requests and responses.
异步的：不象HTTP，BEEP不限于要求和响应的特殊定序。
requests:要求
A unique monitoring display screen and beeper help to ensure the smooth operation of the AWTS unit.
液晶体显示器清晰展示滤心及紫外光灯使用状况，确保净水器手术无误；
operation:手术
Homer floats on his back while the can of Duff beer balanced on his gut is used to tune the radio and adjust the volume.
此款收音机的背部有着听装啤酒状的按钮来平衡它的构造，能很方便地用来调节电台和音量。
can:能
Carbohydrates were first named according to their natural sources; e. g., beet sugar, cane sugar, grape sugar, malt sugar, milk sugar, cornstarch, liver glycogen, and sweet corn glycogen.
碳水化合物最初是按照它们的天然来源来命名的，例如甜菜糖、甘蔗糖、糖原、麦芽糖、乳糖、玉米淀粉、肝糖原、甜玉米糖原。
glycogen:糖原
There never was a rock that bounded like a kangaroo, never a pebble that crawled like a beetle seeking a mate, never a sand grain that swam like a water flea.
从未有过一块岩石能像袋鼠一样跳跃，从未有过一粒鹅卵石能像寻偶的甲壳虫一样爬行，从未有过一颗沙砾能像水蚤一样游。
swam:游
"Flat is ideal for growing beetroot, raising cows or building straight roads, but it's a catastrophe from a sports point- of - view ," he wrote.
“平坦对于种植甜菜，饲养母牛，或者建设平直的马路很是方便，但是从运动的观点看法那却是一个灾难。”他写道。
view:看法
And I want beauty in my life itself, rather than in such chances as befall it.
我想让人生本身就充满美丽，而不是在发生这些突然降临的偶然里。
beauty:美丽
In other words, Islam considers it as a form of abominable behavior that does not befit a believer or a decent human being.
换句话说，伊斯兰把这种做法看作存在极其恶劣的行径，不存在一个信徒、或存在正派人的所为。
being:存在
His big book is an expansion of the little book he wrote before.
他那本大部头著作是由他以前写的那本小书扩张而成的。
expansion:扩张
You can create your own profile, search for users, befriend others, and send and receive private messages.
你可以创建自己的资料，搜索其他的用户，和她们成为朋友，收发站内短信。
others:其他的
And before you go to beg their pardon, change those trousers for a dress.
在你去请求他们赦免之前，换掉你的裤子，穿上裙子。
pardon:赦免
With history books replete with tales of V - shaped recoveries following steep downturns, financial markets have become giddy, hoping that signs of bottoming beget the long- awaited rebound.
伴随著史册上充满了经济低迷后V-型反转复苏的故事,金融市场在希望期待已久的反弹迹象的同时已经是晕眩状态.
downturns:经济低迷
If no one helps him he may end up being a beggar.
如果没有人帮助他，他最终可能会成为一乞丐。
one:一
But this year, a nation that has perennially extended a begging bowl to the world is instead feeding its hungry neighbors.
但是，今年这个长期以来一直乞讨世界各国对它进行援助的国家，却开始有余力来支援它饥饿的邻国了。
begging:乞讨
They either prostrate, stretching a disability of the limb, stood in front of an empty bowl, outstretched dirty hands begging;
他们要么匍匐在地，伸展着失能的肢体，面前放着一个空碗，伸着肮脏不堪的手乞讨；
disability:失能
In the summer, I also like the hibiscus flowers and the couple Begonia.
在夏天中，我还喜欢芙蓉花朵和夫妻海棠。
flowers:花朵
Spring, the delicate leaves of Bristol, a white as jade, thin as the flowers of Begonia.
春天，娇嫩的碧叶中，一簇簇洁白如玉，薄如轻纱的海棠花朵盛开了。
flowers:花朵
The direct affection of presence of cavitation is that it begot the pressure fluctuated and destroyed the work stability of implement com ponent.
气穴的存在最直接的影响是造成液压系统的压力波动，破坏实施元件的工作稳定性。
implement:实施
Proxies receive requests from browsers and request content from servers on behalf of these clients.
代理接收来自浏览器的要求，并代表这些客户机从服务器要求内容。
requests:要求
Aside from Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day and occasional school - holiday visits, most of us rarely get to show our children how we behave at work.
除去“带孩子上班日”和偶尔的学校假期访问活动，我们中的大部分人都很少有机会向孩子展示自己在工作中的行为举止。
visits:访问
A display of pride (or shame), in other words, may be an evolved and innate behavioural response.
换句话说，骄傲（或耻辱）的表达也许是一种进化的和天生的行为反应。
shame:耻辱
Magee: What you're really saying is that behaviourism is not a solution to the kind of problems with which the psychologist deals, but a way of formulating them.
你是说，行为主义不是一种解决方案心理学家处理的那种问题的方法，而是表述这些问题的一种方式。
solution:解决方案
The technology industry, she said, was coming under the sway of a dominant behemoth, one that had the potential to stifle innovation and squash its competitors.
她说，高科技产业逐渐受到一占优势的庞然大物，一头有可能窒息创新并压扁竞争对手的巨兽的支配。
one:一
For example, France is showing a propensity towards open source: they moved all of their servers in their local education authorities to Linux at the behest of the Ministry of Education.
例子，法国正在表现出一种接近开源的倾向：他们在教育部的命令下，把法国各地教育局里的服务器全部迁移到Linux。
example:例子
The former assumes setuptools is already installed, however, so it skips the behind-the- scenes installation.
不过前者假定setuptools早已安装了，因此它会跳过幕后的安装过程。
assumes:假定
Eye of the beholder: Inside this experimental camera, a stretchable sensor array sits below a liquid lens.
旁观者之眼：这个实验用的摄像头内建了一组可弯曲传感器大批，这个传感器大批位于液态镜头的下方。
array:大批
We say that "beauty is in the eye of the beholder," but what would it mean to look at ourselves as though we really believed this were true?
我们说：”美丽在眼睛里“，可是看着自己仿佛真地认为这句话是真的，又是什么含义呢？…
beauty:美丽
There is plenty to see inside – including gilt palanquins and bejewelled daggers – but it is the view of the city spread out below that is sublime.
城堡本身足够令人震撼，里面有很多东西可看法，包括一架镀金的轿子和镶嵌有宝石的短剑。但还是古堡脚下铺陈开来的城市景像更为壮观。
view:看法
To amp up the look even more add a bejewelled hairpin clip on one side of the hairline.
要放了看起来更加添加一个极细线一侧的珠宝装饰的发夹夹子。
clip:夹子
When she talked about going to the moon she was thought to have bats in her belfry.
当她谈到要到月亮上去时，人们都以为她有精神病。
moon:月亮
In this copse of birch - and pine-trees, on the right of the road, could be seen far away the shining cross and belfry of the Kolotsky monastery.
在那片长满白桦和枞树的森林里，大路的右边，科洛恰修道院的叉和钟楼远远地在太阳下闪光。
cross:叉
Under Belgian law, convicts can ask for early release after serving one third of their sentence.
按照比利时法律，罪犯在服刑三分之一之后可以申请提前发布。
release:发布
We believe that these core principles are rooted in the belief that cloud computing should be as open as all other IT technologies.
我们信仰这些核心准则是基于一个信念：那就是云技术应该象所有其他的IT技术一样开放。
belief:信仰
Avoid negativity and negative people. – Don't belittle yourself and don't put up with people who try to belittle you.
躲避负面情绪思想和负面情绪的人。不要轻视自己，也不要忍受那些试图轻视你的人。
negativity:负面情绪
The first bell started to ring ,and then the others chimed in.
第一个钟声响起，其他的钟接着奏出和谐的乐声。
others:其他的
European integration has already transformed most of a famously bellicose continent into a stable zone of peace.
欧洲一体化已经基本上把一个以好战出名的大陆转化为一个和平稳定的地区了。
integration:一体化
Until that point, it was still possible to argue that increasingly belligerent rhetoric from Mr Kim’s regime was just his way of catching the attention of President Barack Obama ’s new administration.
在这回发射火箭之前，大家还有可能争辩金正日政权日益嚣张的好战言论只是它博取美国新政府欧巴马注意力的手段；
attention:注意力
Just leave the kids with a sitter, team up with a sympathetic friend, spouse, therapist, or journal, and let your angry animal self bellow its messages.
把孩子交给保姆、和一位具有同情心的朋友、配偶、治疗学家、或日记联手。让你的愤怒的兽性自己怒吼出它的信息。
self:自己
Acetate is dialytic fluid is more dialytic than lactate fluid is incidental bellyache.
醋酸盐透析液比乳酸盐盐透析液容易发生腹痛。
lactate:乳酸盐
Since that cavity lies under the belly button, a patient with such a shunt should think twice before going in search of a navel piercing specialist.
因为腹腔位于肚脐之下，在去寻求一个肚脐冲孔专家前，要如此分流的病人应该作再三考虑。
piercing:冲孔
Learn tips for making circular motions with veils in this free video clip from a professional belly dancer.
就在这免费的视频夹子从专业的肚皮舞与面纱打圈学习技巧。
clip:夹子
Do an intermediate warm-up drill for reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing.
在这对腹部舞免费视频一对反向起伏中间热身与演练的经验教训，从一腹部舞。
belly:腹部
A smile starts on the lips, A grin spreads to the eyes A chuckle comes from the belly; But a good laugh bursts forth from the soul. Overflows, and bubbles all around.
一个轻笑容从嘴唇开端，一个露齿地轻笑扩展到眼睛，一个轻轻笑来自腹部，可是一个真正地轻笑是从魂灵迸发出来地，溢出，而且传染四周地一切。
chuckle:轻笑
This lack of indifference toward the beloved may lead the lover to take measures which hurt the other when viewed within a partial perspective, but can be seen as beneficial from a global perspective.
对所爱的人缺少公正可能导致爱人采取某些措施，这些措施如果从一个局部的角度之内看是伤害另一个人，但是从一个全面的角度看却是有益的。
lack:缺少
A loving relationship makes one so much attached to the other, that one gets pained if his / her beloved is hurt!
爱情关系让一与对方联系得那么紧密，以至于当自己的爱人受伤害时，他（她）就会痛苦。
one:一
You know when you're singing by yourself, and you're actively recalling the lyrics and swaying, and then you get down on your knees and really belt out that money note?
你知道当你独自唱起歌，主动回忆歌词、摇曳身体，接着跪下，吼出那个激昂部分的时候吗？
swaying:摇曳
The precise impact of next year ’s belt- tightening is tricky to gauge.
收紧政策对明年的具体影响目前还难以估量。
tightening:收紧
But in spite of Obama's call Tuesday to "sacrifice some worthy priorities for which there are no dollars," the document could hardly be described as an exercise in belt- tightening.
但是，恶意奥巴马星期二呼吁“由于资金缺乏，需要牺牲一些需要优先考虑的项目，”该声明不能被看作是为节省开支而进行的一个预演。
spite:恶意
The belt tension auto - control has been the trend of the belt take-up technology.
皮带的张力汽车控制已经成为皮带拉紧技术发展的方向。
auto:汽车
So it's quite remarkable that inside the Beltway, it's just the opposite.
所以在环城公路内这是很不简单的，这正是对面的的。
opposite:对面的
Years later, she said, he would bemoan his lack of dating experience, wondering aloud what he had missed.
她说，几年以后，他将会叹息他自己与女孩约会的经验太缺少了。他一定会痛哭他所错过的东西。
lack:缺少
Those who bemoan, "All the good ones are taken," must not be paying attention.
那些哀叹” ‘好的“都有人了“的人们一定没有注意力。
attention:注意力
For thus saith the LORD, Enter not into the house of mourning, neither go to lament nor bemoan them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, saith the LORD, even lovingkindness and mercies.
耶和华如此说，不要进入丧家，不要去哀哭，也不要为他们哀叹，因我已将我的平安，慈爱，怜悯从这百姓夺去了。这是耶和华说的。
lament:哀叹
Similarly, for the curtain call, when actors bow or curtsy, they place one foot behind the other and bend at the knee, thus ‘ breaking ’ the line of the leg.
类似的，当谢幕的时候，演员鞠躬或者行屈膝礼，他们将一只脚放在另一只的后面，屈膝礼膝盖，这样“切断”了腿的那条直线。
curtsy:屈膝礼
You can't gyrate your hips, bend over backwards, dip your partner, or do any other fancy (and calorie burning) dance moves if you can't control your core muscles.
如果你不能控制好你的核肌肉，你就不能扭动臀部、向后弯曲、转动你的搭档，或者做其他一些有奇特的花样（燃烧卡路里）。
core:核
Clipping the image and judging local threshold are put forward by a lot of experimental analysis, and it works to compensate the influence lead - in by gradient and bended spectral pattern.
在大量实验分析的基础上提出了剪裁图像和局部临界点判断的方法，较好的补偿了谱线图像倾斜弯曲带来的影响。
threshold:临界点
The Pixel Bender technology delivers a common image and video processing infrastructure which provides automatic runtime optimization on heterogeneous hardware.
PixelBender技术提供了一个通用的图像、视频加工基础设施，它可以在不同的硬件上自动进行运行期优化。
processing:加工
Pixel Bender is a programming language used to implement image processing algorithms in a hardware - independent manner. Some benefits of Pixel Bender include
PixelBender是一门编程语言，用来实现独立于硬件的图像加工算法。
processing:加工
To save Bender from getting the baby up and back to sleep, her husband slept in the guest room, next to the bassinet, and brought the baby in to Bender when the baby was hungry.
为了让本德尔从婴儿的时睡觉时醒中解脱出来，她的丈夫睡觉到客房，守在摇篮旁边，只在婴儿肚子饿的时候送到她妈妈（本德尔）那里。
sleep:睡觉
He also introduced 18 - metre - long, "bendy" single- deckers.
他同样引进了18仪表长的“迂回曲折”的单层巴士。
metre:仪表
They fear exposure of their weaknesses and hide beneath layers of protective pride and pretensions.
他们害怕接触自己的弱点，因此将自己隐藏在层层骄傲和矫饰之下。
exposure:接触
encourages me to offer up my ardent supplications that He will continue to make our beloved country the object of His divine care and gracious benediction.
这鼓励我热情地恳求他将继续把我们可爱的国家作为他神圣关切及和蔼祝福的对象。
supplications:恳求
A few users do not know where to go to contribution, see in street whether contribution box dare be beneficent organization organization certainly;
一些用户不知道去哪里贡献，在街头看到贡献箱又不敢确定是否是慈善机构组织的；
contribution:贡献
Eurotech Benelux BV from The Netherlands is one of the leading European companies in Casting, Forging, Industrial Steel Structure Fabricating and Graphic Machinery Building.
荷兰欧泰科技有限公司是一家在铸件，锻造和重型工业钢结构制造业处于领先地位的欧洲公司。
Casting:铸件
I have met many Bengali men of letters in my time but none who left the impression of such brilliance.
我见过许多当代的孟加拉文人，但没人留下过像他这样辉煌的印象。
brilliance:辉煌
The term “failed state ” brings to mind benighted places such as Somalia and Haiti, where utter poverty joins with violence and lawlessness to create ongoing misery.
“陨落的国土”会让人想到诸如索马里和海地这样的已然暗淡无光的国家，极度贫困，暴力和无视法律使其遭致无尽的痛苦。
poverty:贫困
These shifts in species composition may be benign, or they may result in a cascade of negative consequences throughout the marine food web.
这些物种作品的转变可能是良性的，也有可能导致整个海洋食物网的一系列消极后果。
composition:作品
Among the reasons for recall: contamination with mold, benzene, coliform, microbes, even crickets.
记起的原因包括：霉菌、苯、大肠杆菌和微生物，甚至是蟋蟀的污染。
recall:记起
So, of course, this is resonance so we can go ahead and put our resonance notation in there to indicate that benzene is a resonance structure.
当然，这是谐振的,所以我们可以在这里标上谐振记号,表明苯环是一个谐振结构。
resonance:谐振
Benzene is a known cause of acute myleoid leukemia, and cigarette smoke is a major source of benzene exposure.
众所周知，苯是急性髓系白血病的元凶之一，而吸烟是苯接触的一个主要来源。
exposure:接触
Friedrich Kekule discovers the unique ring like structure of the molecule benzene right after he wakes up from a day- dream about snakes chasing their own tails and forming rings.
弗里德里希·凯库勒发现分子苯的结构想一个环状的客观事实，正是醒于当天的一个白日梦后知道的，在梦里他梦见一群蛇都在追逐着各自的尾巴，于是成型了好多环形。
forming:成型
For example, an individual may bequeath a business to one child and the remainder of their estate to their spouse.
比如，有人可能会把生意遗留给子女，余的财产留给配偶。
remainder:余
We can see this in the sketchbooks he left behind, a priceless bequest, the equivalent of a ticket of the entry to the studio of Michelangelo.
我们可以在贝多芬留下的草稿本上看到这一点，这些草稿本是无价的遗产，相当于一张可以入口米开朗琪罗工作室的门票。
entry:入口
An earlier will of Nobel's had left 5% of his estate to Stockholm Högskola (later the University of Stockholm), but a revision of the will a few years later eliminated this bequest.
诺贝尔早期的遗赠是将他财产的5%留给 Stockholm Högskola（即斯德哥尔摩大学的前身），但数年后该遗赠的修订版取消了该遗赠。
bequest:遗赠
Perhaps I should have blamed my foolish decision to reverse down a dark country lane but I decided to berate my new i-GO contact lenses (" sleep, see, go ").
也许这本该归咎于自己沿着黑暗乡村小道倒车的愚蠢决定，但我却责怪这副新的隐形眼镜（睡觉，看，走）。
sleep:睡觉
Deeply bereaved people are often reluctant to talk about their sorrow, and when they do, they are insulted by the use of terms like disorder or addiction.
失落感深重的人们往往不情愿提起他们的不幸。而当他们提起的时候，他们总是因为“障碍”、“瘾”类似的措辞受到侮辱。
addiction:瘾
For that fee, bereaved families can check in their dead while they wait their turn in the queue for one of the city's overworked crematoriums.
支付了这笔费用后，失去亲人的家庭就可以让逝者“入住”，一边队列等待将尸体火化。横滨市的每个火葬场都十分繁忙。
queue:队列
Your spouse suddenly has a friend who needs a lot of comfort after a bereavement. You suspect the comfort might have slipped beyond the cuddle.
你的配偶忽然有了一位家中有丧亲之痛的朋友，他（她）太需要安慰了。你怀疑，这安慰可能不仅仅是偎一下那么简单。
cuddle:偎
One of the reasons may be that the national mourning for Vidyasagar, whose death followed shortly after, left no room for a recognition of the other bereavement.
理由之一，也许是因为举国都在丧在他之后不久去世的维德亚萨加尔，其他逝者就没有机会获得认可了。
mourning:丧
For example, Professor Berk says games of Simon Says can help young children learn to exercise self- control by NOT doing something.
例子，伯克教授指出“西蒙说。。。” 这类游戏能够让小孩子们不做什么而学会锻炼自我控制。
example:例子
According to University of California, Irvine's Professor Lee Berk, “If we took what we know about the medical benefits of laughter and bottled it up, it would require FDA approval.
加州大学欧文分校的教授李•伯克说过：“如果我们知道笑声的疗效并将其灌装起来的话，它会得到FDA的批准。”
laughter:笑声
In the mid- 1990s, Dr Berk found that laughter increases the number of natural killer cells in cancer patients. Natural killer cells are the body's way of fighting tumours.
早在上世纪九十年代，伯克博士就发现笑声会增加癌症病人天然杀伤细胞（也叫抗癌细胞）的数目，天然杀伤细胞是身体对抗肿瘤的办法。
laughter:笑声
For example, Professor Berk says games of Simon Says can help young children learn to exercise self- control by not (NOT) doing something.
例子，伯克教授表示“西蒙说”能帮助小孩子不用做一些事情就能学会练习自我控制。
example:例子
For example, Professor Berk says (games of Simon Says) can help young learn to exercise self- control by not doing something.
例子，贝克教授说西蒙说游戏有助于年轻人不用做什么事就可以练习自我控制。
example:例子
That, at any rate, is as fair a conclusion as any, given that Berry and Obama and millions like them are the products of one black parent and one white one.
无论如何，这是一个放之四海皆准的公正结论，因为贝瑞和奥巴马，以及与他们情况相似的百万人，都是一位黑人父母与一位白人父母的后代。
millions:百万
Two fingerlike parts on the tip of the trunk allow the elephant to perform delicate maneuvers such as picking a berry from the ground or plucking a single leaf off a tree.
大象鼻末端两个指状的部分让大大象可以做精细的动作，像从地上捡起一枚浆果，或者是从树上采摘一片叶子。
elephant:大象
Berry it: Elderberry extract has been proven to fight the flu.
接骨木治疗：已证实，接骨木莓提炼物可以对抗流感。
extract:提炼
Unperturbed, some yaks and goats quietly graze, while a brutish dog goes berserk, tugging dementedly at a rope in an effort to get free and kill me.
镇定自若的牦牛与山羊静静地吃着草，一只猎狗发狂地叫着，拼命地拽着绳子，要吃了我似的。
berserk:发狂
The test berth is part of a massive effort to move wave energy out of the lab and onto the electrical power grid.
测试锚位是将海浪能源带出实验室、并入电网的巨大努力的一部分。
wave:海浪
To study the environmental risks and allow wave - energy engineers to test their inventions, she and colleagues at Oregon State, including Boehlert, are building a floating test berth nearby.
为了研究环境风险并允许海浪能量工程师对他们的发明进行测试，Von Jouanne和俄勒冈州立大学的同事们(包括Boehlert)，正在附近建一座浮动的测试锚位计划明年投入使用。
wave:海浪
And they bring unto him one that was deaf, and had an impediment in his speech; and they beseech him to put his hand upon him.
有人带着一耳聋舌结的人，来见耶稣，求他按手在他身上。
one:一
He may be beset by ethical problems, whether over campaign finance or Whitewater indictments, even conceivably of his wife.
他可能为道德问题所困扰，无论活动捐款丑闻还是白水门事件，甚至他妻子的信誉。
campaign:活动
In terms of theft and forgery of a currency, similar problems have beset real - world coins and notes since they were invented.
就偷窃和伪造的货币而言，自现实世界的硬币和纸币发明以来就一直备受类似问题的困扰。
forgery:伪造的
I sat beside the window of the train, watching the trees ribbon past the window.
我坐在火车的窗子旁边，看着那些树木在窗外像一条条丝带似的倏忽而过。
ribbon:丝带
Go up from the craft processing of floor of deep light color next for, light color floor is fashionable and contemporary, but, the besmirch that goes up in the floor to remaining is very unmanageable.
其次从深浅色地板的工艺加工上来说，浅色地板时尚而现代，但是，对于残留在地板上的污渍很难加工。
processing:加工
You needn't bespeak contempt, Linton: anybody will have it spontaneously at your service.
你用不着要求鄙视，林惇：你随时都可以叫任何人自然而然地瞧不起你。
contempt:鄙视
You need't bespeak contempt, Linton: anybody will have it spontaneously at your service.
你用不着要求鄙视，林惇：你随时都可以叫任何人自然而然地瞧不起你。
contempt:鄙视
Dr Fidel Castro, aged 32, is a bespectacled, strapping six- footer who has been described as an "educated, dedicated fanatic, a man of ideals, of courage, and of remarkable qualities of leadership ".
菲德尔·卡斯特罗博士32岁，戴副眼镜，身高六尺，身材魁梧。他被描述成“有教养又有献身精神的狂热的分子，富于理想和勇气，领导才华卓著”。
fanatic:狂热的
Which do you think is the best one that showed in Broadway this month?
这个月在百老汇上演的节目中，你认为哪一最好?
one:一
In effect, in that middle part of the poem, Yeats collapses creation and destruction, suggesting that the same bestial energy flows through both of these acts.
事实上，在此诗中间部分，叶芝于创建与毁灭中徘徊，暗喻，此间也贯穿着兽性的力量。
creation:创建
This is the type of the violent union that Yeats imagines in which the divine enters the human, and the human finds access to the divine through the bestial.
这就是叶芝想像的,一种暴力的类型，其中,神圣进入凡人的身体,人类通过野兽般的暴力发现神圣。
imagines:想像
With his bestial fighting style reliant on his natural attributes and ritualistic purges of natural accretions, he has become an unconventional ally in the fight.
由于他天生的特性以及经过大自然仪式上的净化所养成兽性的斗争风格使他在战场上成为了一名不依惯例斗争的盟友。
fighting:斗争
Few consenting adults, and none recently, appear to have been convicted under this law, which also applies to child molestation and bestiality.
但最近几乎没有任何双方同意的成年人被这项法案定罪的，而且法案还包含了猥亵儿童，兽交。
none:没有任何
So can somebody lack all virtue, whatsoever, and can you still have this love of bestow and would forgive them the fact that they have no beauty or virtue...?
有没有可能一个人没有任何优点，你仍能赐给他这种赐予的爱,原谅他的没有,任何美，任何优点？
bestow:赐给
With V6.1, the best practice pattern is suggested when you perform your export as shown in Figure 5, although you still have the option to use a single module, a library, or a module and a library.
使用V6.1，当您在执行如图5 所示的导出时，系统会建议该最佳实践模式，尽管您仍然可以选项使用单个模块、一个库或者一个模块和一个库。
option:选项
This game for example is the number one best seller in Japan.
例子这个游戏就是日本最畅销的游戏。
example:例子
In spite or perhaps because of such language, thebook was a best seller, as Malthus ’s had been.
恶意或许是因为运用了这种语言，但是这本书就像马尔萨斯的书一样也很畅销。
spite:恶意
‘ Smiling schools ’ have begun training executives on how to make their grins as convincing as possible and a book on the careful use of smiling has become a bestseller.
“咧嘴一笑学校”已经开始训练行政人员如何让他们的笑容尽可能地使人信服。一本关于笑容的慎重使用的书成了畅销书。
grins:咧嘴一笑
Almost all bestselling books are surprise bestsellers, because it's the surprise part that makes them bestsellers in the first place.
几乎所有的畅销书荣登畅销榜时都出人意料，这正是因为书中令人惊喜的那部分让此书一举成名。
surprise:惊喜
Others destined for death were also in the camps, but their presence did not betoken a program of genocide.
其他的注定要死的人也在集中营里，但他们的存在并不能预示这是一个有计划的灭种和屠杀运动。
Others:其他的
Some seek only love, even if unrequited, while others are driven by fear and betrayal.
一些人寻求的只是爱，即使没有回报，而其他人却被害怕和背叛驱使。
fear:害怕
There is no mention of betrothal or marriage rings in this or any other edition of the bible.
在这本圣经以及其他版本的圣经中都没有提到订婚戒指或是结婚戒指。
mention:提到
It should be noted that the betrothal of a marriage can happen at any time, and often will occur at birth.
应当注意到，在印度，婚约是任何时候都可以确定的，而且经常发生在约定的对象刚诞生时。
birth:诞生
The Gutenberg bible is published. There is no mention of betrothal or marriage rings in this or any other edition of the bible.
古腾堡圣经出版。在这本圣经以及其他版本的圣经中都没有提到订婚戒指或是结婚戒指。
mention:提到
I hope you can pull out a better answer before the end of the meeting.
我希望你们在会议结尾前拿出一个较好的答案。
end:结尾
We live in a world that is literally molded in plastic, from beverage and food containers to toys, cell phones, computers, bags and a range of household items.
从饮料、食品集装箱到玩具、手机、电脑、包包和一系列的家居用品可见，我们的的确确生活在一个塑料所形成的世界。
containers:集装箱
As Mr. Chen says, you could be a waiter today and the head of a food and beverage conglomerate tomorrow -- so you'd better respect everyone, or your attitude may come back to haunt you.
正如陈先生所说，今天，你可能还是服务员，明天，你就可能是食品和饮料集团公司的头——因此，你最好尊重所有的人，不然你的态度也许会反过来困扰你自己。
waiter:服务员
IBM is working with scientists at King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia to put the discovery to work in the recycling of plastics used in food and beverage containers.
在沙特阿拉伯的阿卜杜拉国王科技城，IBM公司正和科学家们一起，将这一发现运用于对食品和饮料集装箱的可循环塑料的研究工作上。
containers:集装箱
Had she run to it to bewail herself she would have been cherished in thankfulness for a country drama.
如果她扑向它，在那里嚎啕大哭，那么，由于她提供了一场乡村戏剧的素材，大家将感恩地珍视她。
thankfulness:感恩
Beware, my friends. When anyone's speech is not free, no one's speech is free.
当心了，我的朋友们，当一人的言论不自由时，没有人的言论是自由的。
one:一
Bewildering indeed. Conspiracy theories have emerged faster than mushrooms in a damp Exmoor field. Some claim the shooting was a fiction, dreamed up to discourage trophy -hunters.
确实令人困惑。阴谋理论比埃克斯穆尔野外湿地上的蘑菇出现的都要快。有些人说猎杀的事就是小说的，想阻止狩猎的人。
fiction:小说
Nationally, the distinctions between applicable laws in individual states are bewildering.
全国范围内，状态适用法律之间的差别往往令人迷惑。
states:状态
They're trapped, they're traumatised, they're terrorised by this situation … The inhumanity of this situation, the lack of action to bring this to an end, is bewildering to them.
他们被困住了，他们身心受创，他们十分恐惧……这种状况非人道化，我们目前也缺少能使这些结尾的行动，使得当地人困惑混乱。
end:结尾
And beauty has lost none of its power to bewitch, bother and get its own way, as three new books on the economic advantages of good looks confirm.
美丽并没有损失它使人着迷、心绪扰乱的力量，仍维持它的魅力，就像以上三本新书从美丽貌经济学优势证实的那样。
beauty:美丽
There is none of the affections, which have been noted to fascinate or bewitch, but love and envy.
在人类的各种情欲中，出了爱情和嫉妒外，就没有任何什么能迷惑人的心智了。
none:没有任何
THERE be none of the affections, which have been noted to fascinate or bewitch, but love and envy.
人底各种情欲之中，没有任何一种可以看出是迷人或魔人的——除了恋爱与嫉妒。
none:没有任何
Starting with paintings like this one, the canvas is the whole object, the whole universe, and there is nothing beyond it.
从诸如这样的绘画开始，画布就成为一完整的对象，完整的宇宙，没有任何东西可以超越。
one:一
However, on top of that we added bi-directional data binding, process and state management, improved localization support and an enhanced data validation framework.
然而，最重要的是我们增加了双向数据绑定、进程与状态管理，以及经过改善的本土化支持和增强的数据验证框架。
localization:本土化
If crawling the Web empirically and without commercial bias is the moral duty of a search engine, Baidu is, at least in the eyes of its competitors, not a moral company.
如果说不带任何商业偏见地抓取网站是一个搜索引擎的道德义务的话，那么，至少在竞争对手眼中，百度不是一个有道德的公司。
competitors:竞争对手
It is important to note that if there is no bias in the estimates, then half of the estimates are high and half are low.
很重要的是要注意，如果估计中不存在偏置，那么有可能是一半估计值高，一半低。
estimates:估计
So natural selection designs parents to have biased sex ratio at birth depending upon their economic circumstances — more boys if they are wealthy, more girls if they are poor.
物竞天择的规律使得父母在生小孩的时候能够根据他们的经济情况，做出具有偏见的性别比率--富人们生更多的男孩，穷人们生女孩。
ratio:比率
Only in the spring, spring fairy will give me a green in the Bib.
只有到了春天，春仙子才会送给我一条绿色的的的背带裤。
green:绿色的
None of those passages appear in the Bible, and one is actually anti- biblical, scholars say.
学者说，这些没有任何一个出现在圣经中，甚至有一个实际上是反圣经的。
None:没有任何
I live in the heart of the American Midwest, the buckle of the bible belt as is often said of my small city.
我住在中西部中心有圣经带上的扣上之称的小城奥克拉荷马。
buckle:扣上
In the heart of the Bible Belt it is often religious organisations that step in to the breach.
在（美国南部和中西部有着较强基督教信仰基础的）“圣经地带”的中心地区，违反规矩的事情通常都由宗教组织介入解决。
breach:违反
It will bring the best moral and biblical teachings to children through fun and constructive television.
通过乐趣与积极的电视节目，它为孩子们带来了最好的道德与圣经教学。
fun:乐趣
The chapter's bibliography points to several resources with more detailed information on function points.
本章的参考书目列出了更详细的功能积分信息。
points:积分
Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda or sodium bicarbonate, supplies the carbon dioxide gas that leavens batters and doughs.
小苏打，就是碳酸氢纳，它可以提供使面团蓬松所需要的二氧化硫气体。
dioxide:二氧化硫
Cadaval explained that the impetus for the México program was the dual celebration of that country ’s bicentennial of independence, and its revolution 100 years ago.
死尸解释说，推出墨西哥项目的动力是同时纪念国家独立两百周年和100年前的革命。
Cadaval:死尸
In both, the inhibitory clause that forbids evil is off, but the dreamer is not bidden to do evil as the maniac is, or as the malefactor often seems to be.
在两者之间，抑制性的条款使得邪恶的远离，但是幻想着并没有被禁止做那些狂热者所作的事情，或者就是想犯人通常做的那样。
evil:邪恶的
For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.
我告诉你们，先前所请的人，没有任何一个人得尝我的筵席。
none:没有任何
Since the report was published the Ministry of Justice has failed to find a suitable bidder for the provision of mobile phone detection equipment in prisons.
自从这份报告发布以后，司法行政部还没有找到一位合适的投标人来为监狱条款手机探测设备。
provision:条款
We welcome questions because we prefer accuracy in the bid price. Ask as much as you want.
我们欢迎的问题，因为我们喜欢在出价价格的准确性。问及多少都可以。
bid:出价
There is an unstable domain between two bifurcate frequencies in 1/2 -order subharmonic resonance of elastic system with quadratic nonlinearity.
具有二次非线性弹性振动系统1/2阶亚谐谐振在两个分叉频率之间有一不稳定域。
resonance:谐振
Note that only some machines have this action, others will not produce bifurcate drives.
注意仅仅是某些机器有这样的行为，其他的的机器不会产生分支式驱动器。
others:其他的
This paper on the basis of high order mathematic model, described the frequency bifurcation phenomenon, and used numerical method to bound the bifurcate region of parameter.
本文从非接触电能传输系统的高阶数学模型出发，描述了频率分岔现象，并且用数值方法界定了分岔区域。
bifurcation:分岔
The idea is that infidelity and even bigamy, which have risen along with incomes and freedom to travel, will occur less frequently if lovers and spouses can check for cheats.
政府认为这一举措能让情人或者夫妻检验自己的另一半是否在秘籍自己，从而减少婚外情和重婚的发生率。
cheats:秘籍
The charity Big Cat Rescue estimates that since 1990 there have been 599 incidents of attacks by tigers in the US.
慈善机构机构"老虎救援"估计，自从1990年以来，美国已经发生599起宠物老虎袭击主人的事件。
charity:慈善机构
STEVE EMBER: For example, the population of one big cat has been falling in recent years.
例子，一种大的猫科动物的数量最近几年一直在减少。
example:例子
Suppose the unthinkable happened, and terrorists struck New York or another big city with an atom bomb.
假设有不可思议的的事情发生：恐怖分子用原子弹袭击纽约或其他大城市。
unthinkable:不可思议的
In this example showing the north polar region, a very recognizable Big Dipper, part of the modern constellation Ursa Major, lies along the bottom of the chart.
这幅图描绘的是北天极地区，清晰可辨的北斗七星位于这张星图的底部，现在它是大熊座的一部分。
region:地区
After divided, the foreground and background regions which have biggish gray difference will belong to different regions, therefore the method can solve the problem mentioned before.
本文的方法以图像分割之后的区域为匹配基元，灰度相差较大的前景和背景区域分割之后将归属于不同之处区域，所以能较好的解决该问题。
difference:不同之处
You'll break out the big gun in this aerial attack in Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare; learn more tips about aerial attacks in this free computer video game video clip.
你会打破了在这一使命召唤4空中攻击的大枪：现代战争，学习在这个自由的计算机视频游戏视频夹子有关空中攻击的更多提示。
clip:夹子
If you pick an article describing "Long Tail ", and pick one that has a picture in it, normally you'll see a big head, then the curve drops dramatically, and forms a long and thin tail.
以前看到描述长尾的文章，如果里面有图，一定是一大头，然后曲线迅速下降，形成一细长的尾巴。
one:一
Three must be very quick to two combat solution, big piece head already drop the arm machine A warrior to mold into a shape geezer "ice vulture ", as for the war booty of purple beard but don't pick up.
三对二的战斗解决方案得很快，大块头已经把掉臂机甲战士塑造成一座造型奇特的“冰雕”，至于紫须的战利品却没有去拾取。
solution:解决方案
The fullness of face, wide forehead and big round head are the elements forming a baby's beauty.
这种婴儿的体貌美丽是一种趋向变形、夸张的美丽，是融合优美丽和滑稽美丽的审美丽形态。
beauty:美丽
Miami better start collecting titles soon because Wade, 29, seems headed for a big drop -off after 2014 - 15.
迈阿密最好如今就开端本人的总冠军之旅，由于韦德曾经29岁了，或许在2014-15赛季实力会大幅降低。
drop:降低
My wonderful, sweet, big- hearted cousin died yesterday on the plane crash in Pakistan.
我的特好，特有礼貌，对任何事情特有同情的表哥昨天在巴基斯坦的飞机碰撞死亡。
crash:碰撞
By fierce I mean just having that extra killer instinct that you know when the game is on the line he is not going to shy away from the big shot, he is not going to make excuses.
凶猛的，我的意思是具有某种特殊的杀手本能，你知道当比赛进入焦灼状态，他总会挺身而出，充当关键先生，他也从不辩解。
fierce:凶猛的
The weak recovery is taking its toll on sales of everything from soda to washing machines and other big-ticket items. It even raised the specter of the recent recession.
从苏打水到洗衣机,甚至其他高价商品,复苏疲弱使各种销售都受到拖累,甚至提高了不久将会经济衰退的威胁.
recession:经济衰退
Gout usually affects the large joint of the big toe but it can occur in the feet, ankle, knees, hands and wrists.
痛风一般侵袭大脚趾的大关节，但是也会侵袭足，踝，膝关节，手或腕部。
ankle:踝
I looked. Hayden was sitting on the stage with his right foot stuck high in the air, his naked big toe wiggling like mad.
海登坐在舞台上，将右脚高高地翘在空中，还疯狂的地扭动着光秃秃的大拇趾。
mad:疯狂的
The Tibbals Learning Center at the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art in Sarasota, Florida, focuses on the rich history of the big-top shows of the late 19th and early 20th century.
美国佛罗里达州萨拉索塔「约翰和梅波润格林艺术博物馆」的提波兹学习中心，主要展览十九世纪末至二十世纪初马戏篷节目的丰富历史。
shows:节目
For example, if you ask someone how they turn their bicycle to the left, they'll tell you they simply turn the handlebars to the left and the bike turns.
例子，如果您问别人他们怎样转到自行车的左边去，他们会告诉您仅仅将车把转到左边自行车就自然而然地转到左边了。
example:例子
Here ’s a peanut butter diet book, the ice cream diet book, the bikini diet, none of these books agrees on what you should or shouldn’t eat.
这里有花生酱减肥的书，冰激淩减肥的书，比基尼减肥的书，这些书在什么东西该吃，什么东西不该吃这个问题上从来没有任何相同的观点。
none:没有任何
At each stage, tiny valves released the appropriate salt, bile and enzymes, which helped to digest the food.
在每个阶段中，都有合适的盐、胆汁和酵素通过细导管加入到该过程中帮助消化食物。
enzymes:酵素
The non- tube drainage will leave a long-term open wound on the bear ’s abdomen, which is easily infected. The ongoing outflow of bile will cause the bear body to fester.
无管引流在黑熊的腹壁留下一个长期的开放性创口，极易造成感染，不断外流的胆汁还会使黑熊的皮肤溃疡。
outflow:外流
After water needle injects, local likelihood has acid to bilge unwell, calorific or local symptom is temporary the phenomenon such as accentuation, average number can disappear gradually after hour.
水针注入后局部可能有酸胀不适、发热或局部症状暂时加重等现象，一般数小时后可逐渐消失。
injects:注入
One area of concern is a lack of qualified bilingual teachers.
一个关注的问题是缺少合格的双语教师。
lack:缺少
Bilingual babies showed a different pattern. At 6 - 9 months, bilinguals did not show the mismatch response, but at 10 - 12 months they showed the mismatch for both sounds.
双语者宝宝显示为不同的模式。6-9个月大的时候，他们不呈现失配响应，但是到了10-12个月大的时候，他们对两种语言都失配。
bilinguals:双语者
I've got other questions, too, but these are the important ones. The ones clawing at my soul. The ones that need relief from the "bilious fever" of isolation.
我当然还有其他的问题想问，但这些问题较之更为重要，经常萦绕在我的心中，急切地需要暴躁发烧的隔离来宽慰。
relief:宽慰
The bilious bastards who write that kind of stuff for the Saturday Evening Post don't know any more about real fighting under fire than they know about fucking!
那些胆汁过剩、整夜在星期六晚报上拉马粪的家伙，对真正斗争的了解还不如他们对女人的了解多。
fighting:斗争
This article introduced some problems that should be paid attention to in the course of installing, adjusting and commissioning of the withdrawal straightener of ROKOP billet CCM.
本文主要介绍了罗可普小方坯连铸机的拉矫机在安装、调试及试生产过程中应注意力的几个问题。
attention:注意力
The transverse deformation of the billet was divided into four areas.
研究发现坯料的横变形分为四个的区域。
transverse:横
Casting billet longitudinal cut the problem seriously affected the quality of the casting yield, and even influence to the normal production, that the aliens on the most obvious casting reflect.
铸坯的纵切斜问题严重影响到铸坯的质量及成材率，甚至影响到正常生产，这一点在异形铸机上反映最明显。
longitudinal:纵
The good design, correct usage and proper maintenance are the keys to ensure ROKOP billet CCM to make the most of performance of its hydraulic system.
罗可普型小方坯连铸机液压系统的设计、正确用法及维护是确保该铸机发挥优良性能的重要一环。
usage:用法
A flat pocket - sized folding case, usually made of leather, for holding paper money, cards, or photographs; a billfold.
皮夹子口袋大小的平的折叠式的小包，常以皮革制成，用来装纸钱、卡片或像片等；钱包。
folding:折叠式的
All you need to do is bide your time until you find one that will work for you and your billfold.
所有您需要做的是等待时机您的时间，直到找到一适合你和你的皮夹。
one:一
With Pool and Billiards on the rise with Olympic recognition. And even more television exposure thanks to the WPBA; Allison Fisher continues to be at the top of her game.
随着台球被奥运会的认可，其地位不断上升，并由于世界职业棒球大联盟的努力甚至是电视播放也有所增多；埃里森·费希尔继续在比赛中名列前茅。
WPBA:世界职业棒球大联盟
The new estimates now tell us that more than one billion people experience some form of disability.
最新估计数字现在使我们看到，有十多亿人存有某种形式的失能情况。
disability:失能
We must never forget: these diseases affect the “bottom billion ”, the poorest of the poor living in the hardest to reach places.
我们决不应忘记：这些疾病影响“低层十亿人”，他们是活的在最偏远地区的穷人中的最贫穷者。
living:活的
Six billion people live on this planet. Each and every one is worth just as much as the next.
六十亿人口共有一地球，每一社会存在都和其他人具有相同的重要性。
one:一
Indeed, the growth of Facebook itself to more than half a billion users since 2004 is just one symptom of an apparently ever - quickening world.
事实上，自2004年以来脸普网自身生长到五亿多用户仅仅是一个表面上世界不断加快的症状。
growth:生长
For example, when the original Library Bill of Rights was adopted in 1948, issues about library user privacy were not a prominent concern.
例子，在最早的《图书馆权利宣言》于1948年问世时，有关图书馆读者隐私权的问题不是一个主要关注。
example:例子
Fiery clouds billow during an August 31 test of Development Motor - 2, the largest and most powerful solid rocket motor ever designed for flight, according to the NASA website.
8月31日，在进取引擎-2，这个世界上体积最大的推力最大的固体火箭发动机的测试中，炽热的火焰巨浪翻腾。根据NASA网站报道，该引擎曾经的设计目的是航班。
flight:航班
Like the waves, they shall not enter into larger ships, another visit within shaking quite severe, will be dizzy billow personage, ship before remember taking seasick pills.
如海浪较大时，便不可入内访问，另外船只摇晃得相当厉害，会晕浪人士，上船前记紧服用晕船药。
visit:访问
The Europa imitates a Buddha positive pain and sufferings but brave of face dashing billow.
欧罗巴仿佛正疼痛但勇敢的面对着汹涌的巨浪。
pain:疼痛
Two years ago, Beatie halted his bimonthly hormone injections and resumed menstruating in a bid to have a child.
为了要孩子，比提两年前停止了两个月一次的荷尔蒙注射剂，结果又来月经了。
injections:注射剂
Plastic bags cause the deaths of 100, 000 marine animals each year when the animals mistake them for food, so if you must use them, always recycle them in the bin at your supermarket.
塑料袋每年会导致100，000海洋动物死亡人数，因为这些动物常常把塑料袋误当食物吞下去，因此，如果你一定要用塑料袋，一定要在超市垃圾箱回收塑料袋。
deaths:死亡人数
For example, you can send string data in one channel with conversion enabled and send binary data down another.
例子，您可以在一个启用了转换的通道中发送字符串数据，并沿着另一个通道发送二进制数据。
example:例子
This method lets you create items directly on the display list from binary data.
这个方法可以从二进制数据直接创建展示列表中的条目。
display:展示
However, in software terms, this definition can be refined as the study of source or binary code that is not currently running.
但是，在软件术语中，该定义可以精炼为学习当前没有运行的源代码或二进制码。
study:学习
Convert intermediate representations into target binary code through use of a conversion database.
通过使用一个转换数据库将中介交涉转换为目标二进制表。
representations:交涉
In this paper, a stereo precise matching method by combining spatial binary code and epipolar - slope constraint is presented.
本文提出了结合空间二进制编码与外极线斜率约束来实现立体声精匹配的方案。
stereo:立体声
Two pieces of advice at a join point are not visible to each other, and they only bind the join point context variables they declare.
一个连接观点上的两个通知彼此是不可见的，它们都只绑定在它们声明的连接观点上下文变量中。
point:观点
In those earlier cases, "I signed on and they gave me a binder with 400 pages," Salluce said.
在之前的那几家公司里，“我签了约，然后他们给了我一本大概400页数的活页数夹。”
pages:页数
In this section, I introduce the topic of CPU binding, which is allowing processes to run on a specific processor.
在这部分内容中，我将介绍有关中央处理器绑定的主题，即允许进程在特定的处理器上运行。
CPU:中央处理器
Others in the room were dismayed that no one defended them or pointed out that Clinton had gotten himself into a bind over Haiti by promising too much during the campaign.
房间里的其他人就惊惶,没有人辩护或指出,克林顿得到自己变成一绑定在海地通过承诺在竞选中太多。
one:一
Many people who meet diagnostic criteria for substance abuse or binge drinking do not realize they have a problem because their friends all have similar drinking patterns.
许多超过医学上酒精虐待或放纵饮酒标准的人并没有意识到他们有什么问题，因为他们的朋友们都有相似的饮酒方式。
abuse:虐待
Comparing the young people who drank heavily with those who remained non - drinkers, Tapert's team found that the binge drinkers did worse on thinking and memory tests.
经过把酗酒人员与保持非喝酒的人进行比较，泰普特的团队发现，那些狂欢酗酒的人在思考和记忆测试中表现更差。
non:非
Educating children about the risks of binge drinking and explaining that most people can enjoy alcohol in moderation will also cultivate the right attitudes and behaviour towards drink.
教育孩子酗酒的风险并解释原因，告诉孩子大多数人能适度喝并享受其中，有助于给孩子建立正确的喝观。
drinking:喝
The key public health message is that "light drinking is fine but heavy and binge drinking should be avoided ", he said.
阿桑尼’弗凯尔教授，是皇家妇产科学院的院长。他说，关于公众健康的主要信息是，“轻度喝是可以的，但是重度喝和狂欢应该避免。”
drinking:喝
Binge drinking, ready meals and a lack of exercise all take their toll.
酗酒、方便食品、缺少锻炼对年轻人的健康造成了不良的影响。
lack:缺少
For binge drinking, Add Health asks: “During the past 12 months, on how many days did you drink five or more drinks in a row?”
关于狂欢式喝的总体性问题是：“在过去的12个月中，有多少天你一次喝了5单位或更多的酒？”
drinking:喝
With statistical adjustment for age, the prevalence of heavy drinking and binge drinking increased after 2004 in men with the lowest level of education, but not in those with higher education levels.
对年龄做了统计上的调整后，我们发现2004年后，重度喝和狂饮的患病率在受教育程度最低的男性中增加了，在受教育程度高一些的人口却未显现。
drinking:喝
Conclusions Excessive drinking and binge drinking among US medical students is common, though somewhat less prevalent than among comparably aged adults in the US general population.
结论：尽管和成年美国人群相比，过度喝或豪饮者比例较低，但是在医学生中也比较普遍。
drinking:喝
These impacts came largely from fertilizer use, pesticide use and conversion of lands to agricultural fields, along with processing the bio- feedstocks into plastics, the authors reported.
作者称，伴随着生物原料转变成塑料成品的整个过程，这些影响主要来自于化肥，农药的使用以及退地还耕的举措。
pesticide:农药
Some social services provided by poplars include provision of shelter, shade and dwellings; protection of crops and provision of fodder for livestock, and increasingly, viable sources of bio- energy.
杨树还能条款大量社会服务，如：条款庇护所、遮荫处和住房用材，保护农作物和条款牲畜饲料； 它还逐渐成为可行的生物能源来源。
provision:条款
It is thought that biochemical changes in the uterus have an impact on the baby's development, affecting its birth weight and even its future risk of disease, among other things.
在子宫内发生的生物化学变化被认为会给胎儿带来影响，其影响方面包括他们的发育、诞生体重甚至是今后可能患病的风险。
birth:诞生
For example, scientists can search for a biochemical marker that is tied to certain species of algae that live only in ice.
例子，科学家可以藉此寻找一个与仅在冰中生存的某些藻类物种相关的生化标记物。
example:例子
On a biochemical level, a Carbohydrate is a simple fusion of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen molecules.
从生化角度讲，糖类是一个含有碳，氢，氧元素的简单化合物。
Carbohydrate:糖类
It is thought that biochemical changes in the uterus have an impact on the baby's development, affecting its birth weight and even the child's future risk of disease, among other things.
在子宫内发生的生物化学变化被认为会给胎儿带来影响，其影响方面包括他们的发育、诞生体重甚至是今后可能患病的风险。
birth:诞生
Katie, for example, is a mother of three young children who also works part-time as a biochemist.
例子，凯蒂是三个小孩的母亲，也是兼职生化学家。
example:例子
But, though the importance of biodiversity loss has reached some parts of many governments around the world, it has failed to be absorbed by those with the power to act, the report finds.
这份报告发现，但是尽管全世界许多政府的一些部门了解了生物多样性损失的重要性意义，那些有权力采取行动的人们没能理解它。
importance:重要性
Another factor limiting biofuel development and trade is the lack of standards for the sector in Africa, and indeed in many countries elsewhere in the world.
另一个限制生物燃料发展和贸易的因素是非洲缺少该领域的标准，事实上世界上其他许多国家也是如此。
lack:缺少
White granted access to his papers on condition that he be allowed to read and comment upon the biography in progress.
怀特允许埃里奇使用权他的私人资料，条件是他可以在传记写作过程中，随时阅读并评论。
access:使用权
That is, death is not only a biological threat, and a very permanent one, but it is also a psychological threat that we dread.
也就是说，死亡不仅仅是生物学上的威胁，一永远的威胁，而且也是一种在心理上让我们恐惧的威胁。
one:一
Go for a daily walk. Natural light helps to regulate your biological clock, so exercise outdoors if you can.
每天走,自然光有助于调节你的生物钟,所以如果可能的话,到户外去运动.
walk:走
More recently, a relatively new procedure can preserve fertility by removing and freezing the "biological clock" itself: The ovary.
不过最近，一项相对较新的医疗手段，已经可以通过摘除和冰冻子房这一“人体生物钟”来保存生育能力。
ovary:子房
For us, the study of the mind and consciousness defines the frontier of biology.
对我们而言，学习精神和意识则定义了生物学的前沿。
study:学习
The ministry said the approval came this month from the Institute of Biomedical Problems, part of the Russian Academy of Sciences, following tests.
韩国科技部称，俄罗斯科学院下属的生物医学问题研究所经过测试后，于本月赞同这些菜肴进入太空。
approval:赞同
For example, we are now using sophisticated new biometric screening tools to improve border security and the visa process.
例子，我们现在使用先进的新型生物筛检工具，以改善边境安全和改善签证程序。
example:例子
Consider the camera pill, which records data from the intestines, bionic eyes, bionic limbs, implantable telescopes to improve vision, and more.
设想一下能记录肠子数据的摄像药丸，仿生眼球，仿生四肢，能拓展人类视野的可植入望远镜，等等。
intestines:肠子
It is one of the most eagerly awaited films of the electoral season, a biopic of the Republican incumbent by a controversially "liberal" director that could swing an election.
这是共和党现任者总统的一部传记片,也是这个选举年最受期待的影片, 出自一位有能力改变竞选进程的争议性 "自由派"导演之手.
incumbent:现任者
It can also show whether tumour cells have crept onto nerve fibres, something that is now left to a biopsy or a surgeon ’s best guess.
它也能够显示瘤细胞是否已经跑到了神经纤维，而这只能留给活组织检查和外科医生们去猜想了。
tumour:瘤
Later that evening I had a biopsy where they stuck an endoscope down my throat, through my stomach into my intestines, put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor.
后来有天晚上我做了一个活切片检查，他们将一个内窥镜伸进我的喉咙，穿过胃，到达肠子，用一根针在我的胰腺肿瘤上取了几个细胞。
intestines:肠子
Moreover, the US remains at the forefront of such cutting-edge technologies as biotech and nanotechnology. This is hardly a picture of absolute economic decline.
此外，美国在生物技术和纳米技术等尖端技术依然走在世界前列。这就很难对美国经济衰退图进行描绘。
decline:衰退
In fungi, besides enzymes of biotechnological utility and other products including biocontrol agents, the metabolites of pharmaceutical utility are of great interest for counteracting common ailments.
在真菌研究中，除了酵素的生物技术实用工具和其它产品，包括生物防治剂、代谢产物的医药效用在抵制常见病上引起人们的极大兴趣。
enzymes:酵素
The applications of this enabling technology are enormous and one might argue this is a key step in the industrialisation of synthetic biology leading to a new era of biotechnology.
这项技术可应用程序的范围是巨大的。我们可以认为，这是合成生物学走向工业化生产所迈出的关键一步，引领了生物技术的新纪元。
applications:应用程序
For example, the Institute of Biotechnology and the Military Medical University in Hanoi are well equipped with microarrays, high- resolution electron microscopes and mass spectrometers.
例子，河内的生物技术研究所以及军事医学大学都充分装备了微阵列、高分辨率电子显微镜和质谱仪。
example:例子
Humanity needs more than one home because, with all our eggs in one basket, we are at risk of low - probability but high - consequence catastrophes like asteroid strikes, nuclear war or bioterrorism.
人类需要其他的家，因为当我们把所有的鸡蛋放在一个篮子里，我们冒着如小行星撞击，核战争或者生化危机等大毁灭的威胁，这些事件可能性不高，但后果严重。
probability:可能性
So it was good to see Congress act in a bipartisan way on something that will help create jobs at a time when millions of Americans are out of work and need them now.
因此，很高兴能看到国会通过两党合作在某些事情上达成一致，这将帮助创造就业，尤其是有百万美国人民处在失业中时，他们急需这些岗位。
millions:百万
For example, the denotation of human is any person such as John and Mary, and its connotation is "biped "," featherless ", "rational ", etc.
例子，人的外延是任何人，如约翰和玛丽；内涵是“两足动物”“无羽毛的”“有理性的”等等。
example:例子
Buzzing Aussie isles, pilots Peter McMillan and Lang Kidby are in the home stretch of their England -to- Australia flight in a replica Vickers Vimy biplane.
航班员彼得·麦克米兰和让·基德比乘坐着维基维美号双翼飞机的复制品正掠过澳洲境内的小岛，这里离他们的家乡，英格兰——澳洲航班的终点已经越来越近。
flight:航班
Results It was rapid and convenient to acquire the shape information of objects and locate the position of puncture by real-time biplane imaging.
结果实时双平面成像方法可以快捷地提供刺对象空间形状的信息，对于确定刺点极为方便；
puncture:刺
The theoretic fundamentals for the commonly used biplane truncation algorithm is expounded, and its sub - optimality is pointed out.
阐述了目前广泛使用的位平面截断算法的理论依据，并指出其次最优性。
optimality:最优性
Out of the blue, Mrs Nash received a telephone call from Tamazin Simmonds - the assistant buyer for the film - enquiring about the handmade hazel and birch brooms.
纳什夫人突然接到电影助理采购员塔马齐·西蒙兹的电话，她查询有关手工制作的榛木和桦木扫帚的情况。
enquiring:查询
His collection includes the ball-like birch pollen - the main causeof hay fever in the spring.
他的收集包括球形桦树花粉——春天引发花粉发烧的主要原因。
fever:发烧
The next day when Mum was cleaning the bird cage, she spotted that the birds laid another egg. But it broke.
第二天妈妈打扫鸟笼的时候，她又发现了一个蛋，可是蛋已经裂了。
cage:笼
Tan Yi's series of photographs is a sequence of photographs of a young girl breathing into balloons of various colors trapped inside a traditional birdcage.
汤艺的作品是一组按时间顺序排列的照片，一位年轻女孩朝一只置于传统中国式样的鸟笼中的不同颜色的气球吹气。
sequence:顺序
The Asian Research Partnership on Pandemic Influenza will study issues such as whether to vaccinate poultry in the wake of a bird flu outbreak.
这次发起的亚洲大流感研究伙伴计划将会研究诸如是否在禽流感暴发之际给禽类接种的问题。
outbreak:暴发
The number of birds reported to have died there since the bird flu outbreak began varies greatly.
自从禽流感在青海湖地区暴发以来，有关鸟类死亡的数字不断变化。
outbreak:暴发
Not only does the male Bird of Paradise have fantastic colorful plumage, he dances, poses and completely changes his shape to woo the less exotic- looking females.
雄性天堂鸟不但拥有奇妙多彩的羽毛，它们还会通过舞蹈，摆造型甚至完全改变自己的外形来博取女性（女性天堂鸟往往不那么漂亮）的欢心。
females:女性
The colorful bird of paradise is really tall: the plant may reach as much as 5 feet in height and the flower itself is pretty large as well.
颜色瑰丽的天堂鸟花非常高度：天堂鸟花的植株有1.5米那么高度，花朵本身有井口那么大。
height:高度
Star print "baby" bibs made of printed cloth, embroidery floss Klingon Bird of Prey ship scheme "of" green birds.
婴儿围兜星空打印制成的印花布，克林贡猛禽舰绿色牙线绣鸟的轮廓。
print:打印
For instance, a bird song is much more elaborate, for it tells other males to keep away, while at the same time inviting a female to come closer.
一些动物能发出比这些简单的声音更复杂的声音，例如，鸟儿的歌声就更复杂精细，因为它能告诉其它男性鸟离开，同时邀请雌性鸟儿靠近。
males:男性
Some animals can get further than these simple noises. For instance, a bird song is much more elaborate, for it tells other males to keep away, while at the same time inviting a female to come closer.
一些动物能发出比这些简单的声音更复杂的声音，例如，鸟儿的歌声就更复杂精细，因为它能告诉其它男性鸟离开，同时邀请雌性鸟儿靠近。
males:男性
Ronnie Ronalde( born in 1923, London) is a British music hall singer and siffleur. Ronalde is famous for his voice, whistling, yodeling, imitations of bird song and stage personality.
1923年生于伦敦），英国乐厅歌手、吹口哨手。他擅长吹口哨、真假音换唱、模仿鸟音及舞台人物。
whistling:吹口哨
We have had problems with people playing birdsong to draw birds out of the bushes to get a better view of them.
人们为了看法得更清楚，就会模仿鸟叫来吸引鸟儿飞离灌木丛，这是我们遇到的难题。
view:看法
It was taken by a bird -watcher who does not want to be named as he fears that could identify the location of the eagles ’ nests, and put the birds at risk from angry hill farmers.
照片中看不出可怜的羊羔是死是活。该照片是一位鸟类爱好者拍摄到的，他不愿意透露姓名，他认为透露自己的信息会暴露出金雕筑巢的位置，那样以来那些愤怒的山区农场主会对金雕采取扑杀行动。
nests:筑巢
You really should get some exercise, Tony. Why don't you come bird -watching with me this weekend?
你真的应该锻炼一下，东尼。这个周末你何不和我一起去赏鸟？
exercise:锻炼
When my mother took him from me at birth she knew, but you never did.
他诞生时,我母亲一接过他就看出来了,可是你却从来没有发觉。
birth:诞生
Some females have no hymen at birth at all, since the tissue divided completely while they were still in the womb.
一些女性在诞生时就根本没有处女膜，因为这一组织还在子宫中的时候就完全分裂。
birth:诞生
The next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth.
下一次当你经历这种情感而你无法弄清它们来自何处时，也许它们在你真正诞生之前就已存在了。
birth:诞生
In a way, it surpassed our wedding and the birth of our girls because it meant that we would be able to celebrate both of those moments, for the rest of our lives.
某种程度上，它超越了我们的婚礼，也超越了我们孩子诞生的那刻，因为它意味着我们可以用我们的一辈子去庆祝这些特殊的时刻。
birth:诞生
In no other Gospel do we get the idea that Jesus existed before his birth.
在别的福音中我们都不会看到,耶稣在他诞生之前就已存在。
birth:诞生
Sarah Palin said the birth certificate issue was “fair game, ” and the public was“ rightfully ” making it an issue.
萨拉·佩林说诞生证明问题是个“适当的策略”，公众们正在使它成为一个“正当”问题。
birth:诞生
When Obama's birth certificate in Hawaii was digitally scanned for all to see, it was denounced as a forgery.
当奥巴马在夏威夷诞生证明书的数字扫描被所有人亲眼目睹，它被指责为是伪造的。
birth:诞生
Those who do not believe that Obama's birth certificate is valid must have been misled by ideological commentators.
那些不相信奥巴马诞生证明真实的人，一定是被那些意识形态不同的评论员误导了。
birth:诞生
Mr. Obama's comments came shortly after the White House released the long - form birth certificate to again refute claims that he was not born in the United States.
奥巴马发表这番话不久前，白宫公布了奥巴马总统的长格式诞生证明，再次反驳他不是在美国诞生的指称。
birth:诞生
These and numerous other chain e- mails during the subsequent presidential election circulated false rumors about Obama's origin, religion and birth certificate.
在总统竞选过程中大量紧跟而来的邮件散布关于奥巴马原籍，宗教信仰以及诞生证明的谣言。
birth:诞生
He also set up a network that aims to give all children a birth certificate as a way of helping to protect them from exploitation.
同时他也建立起一个旨在给予每个儿童诞生认证的网络，作为一个保护儿童诞生权免受剥夺的方法。
birth:诞生
President Barack Obama says the White House released his long - form birth certificate Wednesday because questions about his birthplace have become a distraction.
奥巴马总统说，白宫星期三公布他的长格式诞生证书，因为有关他诞生地问题已成为一件分散精力的事情。
birth:诞生
Mom: Oh you know, that guy I worked with 50 years ago, and we just happened to keep in touch. You've met him, he saw your birthing, remember?
妈妈：哦，50年前和我一起工作过的那个家伙，我们只是碰巧保持着联络。你曾经见过他，在你分娩的那天，记得么？
birthing:分娩
In ancient India, sanskrit writings describe a similar method of kissing, and anthropologists have suggested that India is actually the birthplace of kissing as we know it today.
在古印度，一些梵文作品中描述了类似的接吻方式，人类学家表示，印度实际上是如我们所知的接吻的发源地。
kissing:接吻
Conclusion The proper sleep position can decrease S / D outliers to normal range within gestational period, extend gestational period and increase full-term birth rate and lower cesarean section rate.
结论通过正确的睡眠体位，可使S/丁异常值降至孕周正常值范围，延长孕周、提高足月产，降低剖宫产。
D:丁
Once it is added in, the non- indigenous birth rate climbs to just over 50 percent of all births in Britain — and this in 2005, data which is already five years old.
一旦加入，非土著人口诞生率刚刚爬升到百分之五十以上的所有诞生在英国-这在2005年，数据，则是5岁。
birth:诞生
The younger twin brother of Esau, he used trickery to gain Isaac's blessing and Esau's birthright.
他是以扫的孪生弟弟，雅各以诡计的手法，从父亲那里获得祝福和以扫的长子名分。
trickery:诡计
Next, thinking they were taking part in a consumer survey, they were taken to a different room and asked to discuss the difference between two types of biscuit with the 20 -year-old man.
接下来，以为是在参加顾客调查的这些女士会被带到不同之处房间，根据指示她们会同一位20岁的男士讨论两种饼干的不同之处之处。
difference:不同之处
The photoelectric tracking micrometer is composed of photoelectric detector and servo mechanism, It can bisect and track the star image.
光电测微器由原接触测微器、光电检测器和伺服追踪机构组成，能自动对准和追踪星像。
tracking:追踪
By means of the approach of look -up table and Lagrange? multiplier bisect searching, this algorithm can be convergent to the optimal point of power rapidly.
该算法使用了一种有效的表格查找和拉格朗日乘法器对分搜索办法，能够较快的收敛的到最佳的功率点。
convergent:收敛的
It's time to strip those off. The greatest tool in awareness is language, and bisexual has a very clear meaning.
是时候将这些都揭除掉了。意识最伟大的工具就是语言，而双性恋应该有一个很清晰的定义界限。
awareness:意识
Nowadays there generally tends to be more acceptance of gay, lesbian and bisexual people than there was when you were a teenager; however, I can certainly understand your desire for privacy.
如今，已不像我年轻时那样，现在的趋势是大众越来越能够验收同性恋和双性恋，然而，我当然可以理解您想要保护隐私的权利。
acceptance:验收
After his death Bishop Horsley was asked to inspect the box with a view to publication. He saw the contents with horror and slammed the lid.
在他死后，霍斯利主教奉命检查这个盒子以希望出版这些著作，他看法了盒子中的内容，惊恐地猛然把盒子盖上了。
view:看法
Bishop ’s chambers is an architecture complex formed during the 15 - 17 centuries as a residence for Suzdal church hierarchs.
在15—17世纪，主教的房间是一个复杂的的建筑群，作为苏兹达尔教堂教主的住处。
complex:复杂的
While there's no solid evidence he really said that (people have attributed it to two different pages of an old physics journal), I like to believe he did because it's humorously bitchy.
尽管没有可靠的证据证明他真的说过这句话（但人们已经在一本旧的物理学刊中的分别两页数上找到了这句话），但我仍愿意相信是他做的，因为他贱的太搞笑了。
pages:页数
But, finally, they would prefer to call themselves have found a bitchy talk, is scolded his childish, I was wrong … Because we are brothers.
但是，最后，自己宁愿骂自己还得找着犯贱讲话，骂的是自己的幼稚，我错了……因为我们是兄弟。
talk:讲话
While others have argued that their bigger mouths merely allowed them to eat more food with each bite.
而其他人则争辩说，它们大一些的嘴巴只是让它们每咬一嘴巴就吃下更多的食物。
mouths:嘴巴
Mr. Painter and Mr. Pylypiw taught students how to make meat products such as sausages and hams, plus cheeses and bite - size cocktail party food.
朋特先生和皮里皮先生教导学生们如何制作诸如香肠、火腿之类的肉制品，以及如何制作奶酪和一口尺寸的鸡尾酒会食品。
size:尺寸
Wash beef and pat dry, cut into bite - size cubes, season with black pepper.
牛柳洗净抹乾，切成一口尺寸的方粒，洒上黑胡椒粉腌一会；
size:尺寸
When the moon takes a bite-size chunk out of the sun, it's a partial solar eclipse.
如果月亮挡住太阳的一小部分，会产生日偏食。
moon:月亮
Almost all the cookies are tiny bite - size morsels (1 inch square or smaller), never like those typical gigantic American cookies that often reach a diameter of 4 to 5 inches.
几乎所有的饼干都是一口尺寸的小块儿（1平方英寸甚至更小），不像那些典型的美国大饼干，直径往往达到4至5英寸。
size:尺寸
It also means to stay on topic while keeping the information presented in a bite- size length.
当然它还有另一层含义，即在保证信息的长度的同时，还要紧扣话题。
topic:话题
Each bite -sized product feature delivers high and immediate value that drives deeper engagement and usage on the software platform.
每项细小的产品功能都能迅速带来较高的价值，驱用法户进一步用法这个软件平台。
usage:用法
4 cups / 12 oz / 340 g bite-sized veggies (see headnotes)
4杯子(12盎司/340克)小棵蔬菜(见眉批)
cups:杯子
However, breaking the noodles while eating them is bad luck, so if you ’re making them for your celebration, be sure to slurp them up instead of biting off smaller pieces.
然而，为了打破吃面条会让他们带来坏运气，因此，如果您要用面来庆典你的成功，那么一定要完整的把它吃完而不能把它咬断！
celebration:庆典
"I tried to split them up and ended up on the floor with one of the Bulgarians biting one ear and another one chewing the other ear off ," Tsibibakis told state television on Wednesday from hospital.
奇比巴齐斯说：“我上去试着将他们分开，可最后却被推倒在地，一保加利亚人用力紧咬我的一只耳朵，而另外一只耳朵则已经跑到其他人的嘴里去了。
one:一
Figure 15 shows a graphical representation of a primary bitmap for an example authorization request message.
图15显示了示例授权要求消息的主位图的图形表示。
request:要求
For example, frequently updated text fields should not be bitmap smoothed, as this impacts video playback time.
例子,不应该对经常更新的文本字段使用位图文本消除锯齿选项，因为这会影响视频播放时间。
example:例子
This is a bitmap image that will be displayed instead of the more traditional LILO text prompt, as shown in Figure 2.
这是一个位图图像，将用于代替传统的LILO文本迅速的，如图2 所示。
prompt:迅速的
Thereafter did this pilgrim heart make its acquaintance with that world, bit by bit, part by part, in many a mood and manner.
从那时起，这颗朝圣的心，在各种心境下，以各种方式，逐渐地、部分地熟人了世界。
acquaintance:熟人
Agger is a loggerheads with his coach as he has been used as a bit- part player at Anfield.
阿格与主教练之间有隙，他在安菲尔德仅仅只是作为替补偶尔得到出场机会。
Agger:阿格
Well, according to our research, anything from being bitten by a poisonous snake to dying in a hot-air balloon crash can happen.
好吧，根据我们的研究所知，任何事情都可能发生，包括被毒蛇咬伤，到因热气球碰撞而奄奄一息。
crash:碰撞
For example, can federal prosecutors put in prison a man who sold videos showing farm animals being bitten and killed by vicious dogs?
例子，有人出售农场动物被恶狗撕咬而死亡的录像，联邦检察官是否有权把他投入监狱？
example:例子
If you eat these raw, which they do in many places around the world, if you eat a bitter one, you could, in fact, get enough cyanide to kill you.
如果你生吃它们的话，它们在世界上的很多地方都存在，如果你吃了一苦的根，可能，实际上，它所含的氰化物的量足以令你死亡。
one:一
He became a bitter recluse, shutting himself away from his many friends and refusing every activity that might restore his poise and bring him back to his normal self.
那位父亲痛不欲生。他成了一个痛苦的遁世者，拒绝亲朋好友，拒绝参与每一项也许会让他恢复平静、重返正常自己的活动。
self:自己
Others live out their last days in anger, bitterly railing against the miserable fate they've been dealt.
其他的一些人在愤怒中度过他们最后的日子，怨恨地抱怨他们面对的悲惨的命运。
Others:其他的
China’s lack of attention to this area is bitterly resented by many American businesses, not just high-tech ones.
中国缺少对这一领域的关注是因为深恶痛许多美国企业，而不仅是高科技公司。
lack:缺少
Sweet Italian cream cheese and marsala custard between layers of espresso and rum-laced lady fingers topped with shaved bitter- sweet chocolate.
意大利奶油芝士、马沙那酒味奶油蛋羹及浸满特浓咖啡的手指饼一图层一图层叠制成的美味巧克力甜品。
layers:图层
The final versions are published on Eco Weekly a biweekly publication that can be downloaded and printed at no cost.
最后的版本发布在《EcoWeekly》上，隔周出版物，可供下载和打印，无须支付费用。
publication:出版物
Because she didn't really get started in the biz until 1998, I couldn't find any evidence of a sudden enlargement.
因为她并没有真正开始在商业，直到1998年，我找不到任何证据突然放大。
enlargement:放大
The first room looked like a kitchen, and it had one of those really old stoves, the kind that sits on the ground with a black pipe going through the ceiling.
进去后第一间房像是一个厨房，并有着非常老的炉灶设施就是种类通过地板天花板的黑色管子，这是它第一个象征，仿佛有一百来岁。
kind:种类
We're now down to about 400 rhinos, black and white, since the opening of the Chinese market.
自从中国市场开口以来，我们拥有的犀牛数已下降到目前的400头左右，白纸黑字明明白白。
opening:开口
Out here everyone is incessantly on the go, running Blackberry in hand from appointment to appointment.
在香港几乎每个人都是行色匆匆，手上拿着黑莓手机，奔赴一个又一个预约。
appointment:预约
When a blackbird chanced to sing in the upper branches it was as if some angelic being had dropped down out of the sky into that green translucent cloud of leaves.
一只画眉刚巧在高处的树枝中轻啼妙啭的时候，就仿佛存在一位天使从天而降，落到那微微透明的绿叶丛中。
being:存在
Internal details of the software component design and implementation are not a concern to the rest of the system, which looks at a specific software component as only a black box.
软件组件的内部设计和实现细节不是系统的其他部分所忧虑的内容，系统的其他部分只是将某个特定组件视为一个黑盒。
concern:忧虑
CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australian firefighters are hoping for a barbecue, snow and a few hours sleep on Christmas Day as bushfires continue to blacken the country's southeast.
据路透社12月21日报道，澳大利亚东南部地区的森林大火最近一直烧个不停，而对那些始终奋战在扑火最前沿的消防员来说，他们眼下最希望看到的情景就是几天后能迎来一个雪花飞舞的圣诞节，这样便可以借机吃上一顿野外烧烤，然后抓紧时间睡觉上几个小时。
sleep:睡觉
So duplicate the pair of layers. Then select the black hole layer and go to Filter > Distort > Displace.
因此将这两图层复制一次，然后选择黑色的子弹孔图层，然后选择滤镜——扭曲——置换命令。
layers:图层
Such simulations could be important to study particle collisions and black hole formation in greater detail, he says.
他说，这样的模拟对于更加仔细地研究粒子碰撞和黑洞编队是很重要的。
formation:编队
Essentially, you have 4 points to put in any of the following: Subversion, Blood Caked Blade, Killing Machine, Black Ice or Chill of the Grave, the merits of each are discussed below.
本质上，您能将这4点放在下列的任意天赋：覆灭，血染之刃，杀戮机器，黑冰或是墓穴之寒。
following:下列的
From bright verdure, to downy blackish green, eye shadow of green is having rich color and diversiform arrangement.
从明亮的翠绿，到柔和的墨绿，绿色的的眼影有着丰富的色彩和多样的层次。
green:绿色的
But that hasn’t seemed to affect sales of black market phones, which typically sell at retail for $100 to $150.
但是这些负面新闻看起来并没有影响黑市手机以100至150美元的价格在市场上销售量。
sales:销售量
How much blackness surrounds a singularity – in effect, the size of the black hole – is defined by the strength of its gravitational pull.
事实上，奇点周围有多大一块黑区域，也就是黑洞的尺寸，是由它所产生的引力大小来衡量的。
blackness:黑
The spirit of blackness is in us, it is in the fishes.
黑的精灵就在我们内心，在鱼的内心。
blackness:黑
Several stars appear as bright pinpoints against the blackness of space at image top right.
几颗星星在图片右上角黑的太空中出现，形成明亮的针点。
blackness:黑
The pictures clearly show a vast white city floating eerily in the blackness of space.
这张照片清楚地展现了一座巨大的白色城市神秘地浮动在黑的太空中。
blackness:黑
There was a full - to -nearly- bursting orange moon lighting the sky, the hush of the nearby ocean, and an inky blackness surrounding me, my running, and my thoughts.
天空中挂着一颗圆满到要爆裂的橘黄色月亮，身旁沉默的大海，墨般的黑环绕、包围着我、我的脚步，我的思考。
blackness:黑
I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering.
我使诸天以黑为衣服，以麻布为遮盖。
blackness:黑
An ordinary person is most likely to black out below 60 feet and before 2 minutes without equipment.
一个普通人在没有任何装备辅助的情况下最多可以到达60脚，耐久2分钟。
feet:脚
Without oxygen a fighter pilot would black out in similar circumstances.
在没有氧以及类似的环境下飞行员是无法工作的。
oxygen:氧
A California man is now facing animal abuse charges for allegedly biting a snake when he was "black out" drunk.
美国加州一名现代版“武松”喝酒喝到神志不清，连蟒蛇都敢咬。不过因被收费虐待动物，这位“好汉”还在警察局里头。
charges:收费
Do you down 6 or 7 drinks every Friday night when you and your friends go out and party, black out, then have a hangover for the rest of the weekend?
你是不是每周五都和一群朋友出去派对，喝六、七杯酒后就不省人事，导致整个周末因为宿醉泡汤？
party:派对
The power system restoration plan after all black-out, also called black - start, is an important problem which ensure the power system securely.
电力系统全停后的恢复计划即黑色的启动，是保证现代电力系统安全运行的重要课题。
black:黑色的
Spinkle cinnamon, mint, chili pepper, black pepper, cayenne pepper, cloves or garlic – whichever one you happen to have – in the area where you 've seen ants and along your home 's foundation.
肉桂，薄荷，红椒粉，黑胡椒，辣椒粉，丁香或者大蒜——无论哪一你可放在——你看见蚂蚁的地方和沿着你房子的周围。
one:一
If you want chilli crabs in Singapore, whether the chilli or the black pepper crabs, perhaps it is better to have something thirst -quenching, like a beer, or cold water or some lemonade.
如果你想吃新加坡的辣味螃蟹，无论是辣椒螃蟹还是黑胡椒螃蟹，也许来点解渴的饮料感觉更好，如啤酒、冰水或柠檬水。
crabs:螃蟹
Bacon, sausages, eggs, beans, mushrooms, tomatoes, black pudding … if that's what you had for breakfast, scientists say you've chosen the healthiest way to start your day.
熏肉，香肠，鸡蛋，豆子，菇类，西红柿，血肠…如果你早饭吃这些，科学家会说，你的一天是以最健康的方式开启的。
beans:豆子
O nce upon a time long ago, even before the days of King Arthur, there lived a blacksmith only three feet tall.
很久很久以前，比亚瑟王的时代更早的时候，有位身高三脚的小铁匠。
feet:脚
But wait, try to look at the picture from another angle, isn't the black spot like the sun in the daybreak moment, the darkest moment before the sunrise?
但是别着急，试着换个角度来看这张图，这黑色墨渍难道不像破晓前的太阳，拂晓前的黑暗吗？
daybreak:拂晓
But wait, try to look at the picture from another angle, is not the black spot like the sun in the daybreak moment, the darkest moment before the sunrise?
但是别着急，试着换个角度来看这张图，这黑色墨渍难道不像破晓前的太阳，拂晓前的黑暗吗？
daybreak:拂晓
Central London emerges from the TUC's research as another unemployment blackspot, where the number of vacancies is far exceeded by unemployed workers.
在劳工联合会的调查上伦敦市中心成了另一失业高峰点，那里失业人数大大超越了职位空缺职位。
vacancies:职位空缺
If the invitation says black tie this means a dinner suit for men with a black or white bow tie.
如果邀请函函上说黑色领结，这意味着男士穿晚宴套装并且佩带一个黑色或白色的蝴蝶结领结。
invitation:邀请函
More than a few of us do not know the difference between black - tie or white- tie events.
但很多人却不知着黑领结或白领结盛会的不同之处之处。
difference:不同之处
For example, a black - tie event should mean on the funeral, nothing else.
例子，黑色领带只应该与葬礼相关。
example:例子
By the end of the talk, she says, "All the coffee had reached my bladder.
到演讲结尾时，她说：“所有的咖啡已经到达我的膀胱。
end:结尾
For the Lord God is a sun and shield; the Lord bestows favor and honor; no good thing does he withhold from those whose walk is blameless.
因为耶和华神是日头，是盾，要赐下恩惠和荣耀。他未尝留下一样好处，不给那些行动正直的人。
shield:盾
But lighting distributors and electricians are still getting their head around the concept and consumers blanch at spending more than a few bucks on bulbs.
但是，一方面，对于这一新生事物，照明器材分销商和电工们仍然处于概念理解阶段；另一方面，消费者也只愿花几雄鹿买只灯泡。
bucks:雄鹿
It refused to condemn them even for the sinking of the Cheonan, and this week issued blandly even - handed calls for restraint.
甚至对天安号下沉事件，中国也拒绝谴责金氏政权，而本周炮击事件发生后，它也只是发表了语气温和不偏不倚的声明，呼吁朝韩双方保持克制。
sinking:下沉
It refused to condemn them even for the sinking of the Cheonan, and this week issued blandly even -handed calls for restraint.
中国甚至在天安号下沉一事中都没给朝鲜什么脸子看，本周则极其温和并尽量公平的呼吁制约朝鲜。
sinking:下沉
Once again, investors will be looking for specifics from the two leaders, not the kind of blandly worded communiqué that has often followed conclaves of this kind.
再一次，投资者们将期待来自两位领导人的具体细节，不是种类通常紧随这类秘密会议后的措辞温和的政府公报。
kind:种类
Select the Create from the previous frame option in the blank frame.
在这个空白框架中选项从先前的框架创建选项。
option:选项
Select the Create from an existing sketch option in the blank frame, as shown in Figure 9.
在这个空白框架中选项从一个现存的示意图创建选项，如图9所示。
option:选项
If not vehicle and factory pollution then, as today, the problem is sandstorms as millions of tons of fine dust blanket the city, clogging the nostrils and silting up the lungs.
如果问题不是车辆和工厂污染，就像今天，那么就是沙尘暴，它如同百万吨的粉尘覆盖了整座城市，侵入了人们的鼻孔和肺部。
millions:百万
Blank out dice at end of turn to provide visual cue to roll.
空出骰子在回合结尾时提供视觉线索推出。
end:结尾
In an effort to ensure the safety of visiting kisses, Blarney Castle provides a worker to assist in the process.
为了保障慕名而来的吻者的安全，布拉尼城堡还配备工人专门协助吻过程的进行。
kisses:吻
And these were they that did blaspheme and speak evil of the way of righteousness.
并得到了这些，他们认为，没有亵渎和发言邪恶的的道路是正义的。
evil:邪恶的
And he opened his mouth unto blasphemies against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven.
牠便张开自己的口，向天主说亵渎的话，亵渎他的圣名、他的帐幕和那些住在天上的人。
dwell:住
It says the force of the blast caused her to crack her skull on her car's sunroof as she ducked the attack.
政府说，布托在躲避袭击的时候，爆破产生的威力使她的头撞在车的天窗上，导致她头骨碎裂而死亡。
blast:爆破
The blast blew Dingee back into the front of the bunker.
爆破的气浪把迪丹吉推回到了掩体的前面。
blast:爆破
One possibility is that the blast was like an ultra- powerful solar flare.
一种可能性的原因是这种爆炸很像有超级能量的太阳耀斑。
possibility:可能性
A civilian vehicle struck a roadside bomb, shortly followed by another blast that hit passers-by running to the scene to help.
民用车辆撞到了一枚路边炸弹，随后不久，另一枚炸弹也相继爆破，袭击了到现场帮忙的路人。
blast:爆破
EOD boots have soles reinforced with soft armor and boomerang - shaped titanium plates to reflect blast pressure away.
爆破品处理靴使用柔性装甲和回旋镖形状的钛板强化了靴底以便反射爆破产生的压力。
blast:爆破
The Marines had blasted everything: every building, every car, even if there was no one in it; every single person, even if we hadn’t seen him.
美军把一切都炸毁了：每一栋建筑，每一台车，尽管里面没一人；还有每一人，尽管我们看不见他。
one:一
I may get blasted for this … Isn't marriage about trust?
我会因为这个气炸的……难道婚姻不是互相相信的吗？
trust:相信
Replacement parts are coming, on board the space shuttle Discovery, set to blast off Saturday.
替代品零件正在运送途中，由于星期六发射的“发现号”太空梭负责运送。
Replacement:替代品
Then dynamite is used to blast off 800 - 1000 feet of the shale and sandstone of the mountain's peak.
然后炸药是用来升空800-1000脚的页岩和砂岩山的顶峰。
feet:脚
In addition to the daily challenges of their disability, they must also cope with the negative attitudes of society, inadequate support for their needs and, in some cases, blatant discrimination.
他们一方面必须每日克服失能障碍，另一方面必须应对社会的消极态度、需求得不到充分的声援等问题，有时则不得不应对公然的歧视。
disability:失能
Italy is resorting to a ruse that other countries suspect is a blatant attempt to export its problem: granting all arrivals from Tunisia temporary protection in Italy.
其他国家怀疑意大利正在耍花招，公然地试图将其自身的问题输出到其他国家：给来自突尼斯的所有难民发放临时人道主义签证。
attempt:试图
The breeze copied to interlock Lian apt talk to all take to call a chamber:" Disaster headman, you memorize future don't blather words, Piumino Moncler Donna, crow mouth indeed be ."
风影连帘讲话都带着哭腔了：“祸头子，你记住以后别乱讲话，乌鸦嘴啊简直就是。
talk:讲话
There is also a 500 sqm management building with a VIP suit and receptions that is connected to the main bldg with a bridge.
除此之外，一座500平米的带有贵宾套房和接待室的管理建筑通过一座桥与建筑主题相连。
VIP:贵宾
Carefully read the labels of chemicals and household cleaning supplies, such as bleach, before using them.
在使用这些东西之前，仔细地阅读化学物和家用打扫用品的标签，例如漂白剂。
cleaning:打扫
Now, in research that will be embraced by millions of bleary -eyed Britons, scientists have worked out the secret of a good night's sleep.
目前，在一项即将被广大睡觉眼惺忪的英国人所知道的研究中，科学家们已经发现了睡觉个好觉的秘密。
sleep:睡觉
"None of us have had a great deal of sleep," a bleary eyed President Bush said after burning the midnight oil deciding whether of not to bomb Iraq.
“我们这群人没有任何一个能睡饱觉的，”睡眼朦胧的布什总统在熬夜决定是否轰炸伊拉克后说道。
None:没有任何
Because females showed renewed interest in the novel bleat, this indicates that females could tell the difference between the calls of two males, Charlton says.
查尔顿说，这应能表明，熊猫女士们确实能分辨不同之处求爱者的情歌，因为她们对新情歌表现出新的兴趣。
difference:不同之处
Two generations toiled and bled only to see their country fall deeper into the abyss of national weakness, civil and foreign wars, and the unbearable sufferings of its people.
两代人的艰辛努力和流血牺牲，只见到国家进一步跌入羸弱，内外战争和民众难于承受的苦难的深渊。
sufferings:苦难
How can you doubt his love after you look at the bleeding form of Jesus hanging on the cross?
在看到了耶稣被钉在叉上的流血方式之后，你怎么还能怀疑他的爱呢？
cross:叉
If you or your partner have blood in your mouth, you should avoid kissing until the bleeding stops.
如果您或您的伴侣口腔内有流血的现象，应该避免接吻，直到流血的停止。
bleeding:流血的
About 25% of deaths caused by severe bleeding during delivery could be prevented through access to safe blood.
在由分娩期间严重流血的造成的死亡中，约25%可通过获得安全血液予以预防。
bleeding:流血的
It's fun to note that the Federated States of Micronesia is running an old version of Apache (time to update), and Apache .org is on the bleeding edge.
乐趣的是就当密克罗尼西亚联邦政府还在运行一个旧版本的Apache（应该更新了）的时候，Apache.org却在技术上不断大胆尝试、推陈出新。
fun:乐趣
Question: How will the JSR 168 standard address some of the bleeding edge framework to be integrated, such as AJAX?
问：JSR168标准将如何处理一些要集成但有一定风险的前沿框架（如阿贾克斯）？
AJAX:阿贾克斯
Latin for'The Passion'A cross woven in thorns and symbolic of the Crucifixion, the five wounds and a broken, bleeding heart, with seven Swarovski crystals.
为受难的拉丁文，荆棘缠绕的叉象征着季度受难，七颗施华洛世奇水晶分别代表五处伤口和一颗受伤流血的心。
cross:叉
Aim: To review the bleeding cause and reoperation experience in 17 patients with excessive postoperative bleeding after open - heart surgery.
目的：总结17例心内直视手术后流血的二次开胸止血病人的流血的原因及处理得失。
bleeding:流血的
As a result, it can blend the best of both worlds into a whole that offers significant benefit without sacrificing the familiarity we've come to depend on.
因此，它可以将两个领域的优势混合在一起，从而提供了显著的优点，而且不会失去我们一直依赖的熟悉度的技术。
familiarity:熟悉度
To make four pops, just throw 2 cups cut-up fruit, 1 tablespoon sugar, and 1 teaspoon lemon or lime juice into a blender. Cover and blend until smooth.
如果要做四份的量，只要在搅拌器中放入2杯子切碎果子、1汤匙糖和1茶匙柠檬或者柠檬汁， 然后盖上盖，搅拌到细滑即可。
cups:杯子
She was patient- a martyr, indeed - but she forbore to pray for her enemies; lest, in spite of her forgiving aspirations, the words of the blessing should stubbornly twist themselves into a curse.
她事事忍让，确实是一位殉道者，但她不准自己为敌人祈祷——她恶意宽宏大量，却唯恐自己用来祝福的语言会顽强地扭曲成对他们的诅咒。
spite:恶意
It reminded me once in common with them for sincerity to leader almost blind as worship.
这让我想起我们曾经共有的年代，对于领袖诚意得近乎盲目的崇拜。
sincerity:诚意
If you ever want to drive a woman to depths of sexual excitement still unknown to man, blindfold her.
如果你想让她激动到你想象不到的程度，那就给她戴上眼罩。
excitement:激动
At this point, he was beginning to feel another one coming on. Just as she was about to remove the blindfold, the telephone rang and she went to answer it.
这时他忽然感觉到一臭弹即将发射，就在他的妻子要为他打开眼罩的时候电话响了起来，她的妻子赶去接电话了。
one:一
The difference is that today's technology flings culture to every corner of the globe with blinding speed.
不同之处之处在于，今天的科学技术以令人眩目的速度将文化推向地球的各个角落。
difference:不同之处
And as the month of August progresses and the sun grows, the white of the houses becomes more blinding and skins take on a darker warmth.
随着八月一天天地过去，太阳也在变大，白色的的房宅更加炫目，人的皮肤则呈现出了更加温暖的暗色调。
white:白色的
But the various pros and cons should not blindly overwhelm one another.
但是，众多的利弊得失不应盲目的一压倒另一。
one:一
For example, we elevate the living standards blindly, but lower the quality of life.
例?例子¸我们盲目地提高生活水准¸却降低生活品质。
example:例子
A huge tour company bus, like the ones that shuttle people back and forth to Atlantic City casinos, was coming around the bend in the road -- a blind spot on the Pulaski Skyway.
原来，是一辆旅游大巴，就像往来接送人们去大西洋城大赌城的那种穿梭巴士一样，正呼啸着奔乔斯他们停车的那个弯道口而来，而这里正是普拉斯基高架路上的那些交通盲点。
ones:那些
They seem to have a blind spot towards their own lack of social abilities.
对于自己社交技巧的缺少他们似乎有盲点。
lack:缺少
We try to prevent the blind trust among the distributed database sites by trust evaluation mechanism.
并通过相信评价机制以防止分布式数据库站点间的“盲目”相信；
trust:相信
Real love is blind devotion, unquestioning self humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world giving up your heart and soul to the smiter. Dickens.
真正的爱是盲目的奉献，是绝对的自惭形秽，是完全的服从，是把信任和信仰建立在自己和整个世界之外，是把自己的心和灵魂全部交给那个让你痴迷的人。（狄更斯）
self:自己
For this final part of the trilogy, you may go one of two ways: a classical, slim, time- only gold dress watch -- or blatant bling. The presence of diamonds on your watch will accomplish this for you.
在三部曲的最后一部，你有两种选择，佩戴一款经典、简约、只手表的金质正装手表，再选择是让显得光彩照人，点可以手表上的钻石来。
watch:手表
The New York Times has also weighed in, declaring the right -hand ring finger the "bling finger "(" bling" being the name given to the over-sized, shiny jewellery that rap stars wear).
《纽约时代》也推波助澜，把右手戴着戒手指的那个手手指称为“聚宝手指”。Bling一词用来形容rap明星们佩戴的奢华珠宝。
finger:手指
Often, their goal is simple fun -- to make cells blink, glow or smell like banana.
通常，他们的目标简单而乐趣 —让细胞闪烁、发光或发出类似香蕉的气味。
fun:乐趣
A pet peeve is something that bothers someone more than most other things. For example, "Al's pet peeve is people who switch lanes without using their blinkers ."
就是最让人不悦的某事，例子：「艾尔最讨厌的就是不打方向灯就换车道的人」。
example:例子
In other words, they could hop off an occupied channel and onto a vacant one before causing so much as a blip on television sets in the area.
换句话说，这些样机，可以做到在该地电视机上甚至连一亮点都不产生，就能从一占有通道跳转到一空置通道。
one:一
For many people, there are quite a few surprises on day 730 of their server virtualization bliss.
对于很多人来说，当他们的虚拟服务器在第730天进入极乐世界时，他们会感到很惊喜。
surprises:惊喜
A positive nod of forgiveness toward your partner early in the marriage usually helps when the kids and the mortgage and the careers nibble away at marital bliss.
在婚姻中，当孩子，贷款以及事业在不断蚕食你婚姻的美满时，尽早的拿出积极的态度饶恕你的另一半通常带来帮助。
forgiveness:饶恕
Its resemblance to exotic sea -life is uncanny and yet it can support the human bulk with graceful ease – as blissful as a waterbed, according tothe manufacturer.
这把椅子看起来像是某种神秘的外来海洋生物，然而它能舒适承受人体——制造商宣称坐起来就像水床那样令人舒适。
ease:舒适
The shingles on the roof blister, buckle, curl, and the rain comes through and collects on top of the ceiling plaster and drips down through the light fixtures.
屋顶的木瓦被雨水泡得变形、膨胀、卷曲，渗漏下的雨水积在天花板的石膏顶上，顺着吊灯滴下来。
curl:卷曲
For example, patient compliance with leprosy treatment took a huge leap forward when complex regimens were conveniently simplified through the introduction of blister packs.
例子，通过采用起泡包装适当简化复杂的麻风病治疗方案后，患者坚持治疗的比率有了大幅提高。
example:例子
After about one year, a blister forms and the mature worm, one metre long, emerges thus repeating the life - cycle.
约一年之后，水疱形成，一仪表长的成虫脱出。以此重复生活周期。
metre:仪表
After about one year, a blister forms and the mature worm, one metre long, tries to emerge, thus repeating the life - cycle.
约一年之后，水疱形成，一仪表长的成虫努力脱出，从而重复生活周期。
metre:仪表
Product development, manufacturing, distribution and marketing happen at such a blistering pace that there's no margin for error.
产品开发、制造业、发布、营销都是以闪电般得速度前进，根本没有为犯错误留下余地。
manufacturing:制造业
None of this happened because the capitalist system was in blithe, buoyantmood.
这些的发生，没有任何一个是因为资本主义体系处于愉快、蓬勃的情绪。
None:没有任何
She continued to work in a blithe spirit in spite of all difficulties.
恶意困难重重，她依然心情愉快地投入工作。
spite:恶意
Operation Citadel was to be a repeat of the classic Blitzkrieg victories of 1941 - 42, when huge Soviet armies had been encircled with ease by marauding panzer forces.
“堡垒”计划将会重演1941-42年闪电战的经典胜利，苏军集团军将会被突击的装甲部队舒适包围。
ease:舒适
Blizzard is a great company, and I might even end up there some day, though this article probably rules out that possibility.
暴雪是一个牛叉的公司，说不定有一天我甚至可能性到那里去混，即使我这篇文章也许会排除这种可能性性。
possibility:可能性
Under these conditions, natural decay causes a gradual bloating due to the release of gases.
在这些条件下，由于气体发布自然腐朽导致了尸体逐渐膨胀。
release:发布
Somatic symptoms include symptoms like breast tenderness, abdominal bloating, headache, and swelling of hands and feet.
肉体上的症状包括胸部胀痛、腹胀、头疼及手脚肿胀之类的症状。
breast:胸部
A closer look at their neighborhood reveals that they are not alone: Up and down the block, there are "For Sale "signs on the houses, and some neighbours have already had to move out.
靠近观察一下他们的邻居就可以发现，这对夫妇并不是特例：街区上下，很多房子上都挂着“销售”的牌子，一些邻居已经被迫从房子里搬出了。
Sale:销售
The terms will probably include an end to Hamas’s rocket fire and tighter monitoring of the tunnels between Gaza and Egypt, in return for Israel’s lifting of its economic blockade.
停火条款可能将包括，哈马斯结尾发射火箭炮，加强对位于加沙和埃及边境地道的监控，而以色列则取消它的经济封锁作为回报。
end:结尾
As a matter of fact Newsweek’s suggestion of military blockade would prove to be more disruptive to this key transit corridor.
其实，对这条海上过境大通道来说，《新闻周刊》主张军事封锁的建议将被证明具有更大的破坏力。
transit:过境
For example, if you are not releasing the lock (equivalent to holding a semaphore), you will create your own blockage problem.
例子，如果不释放锁（相当于一直持有信号量），就会导致阻塞问题。
example:例子
Over time, the buildup of plaque deposits can rupture and cause total blockage of the blood flow to the heart.
久而久之，血小板沉积物逐渐积累，会导致流往心脏的血液完全堵塞。
blockage:堵塞
Aspirin thins the blood, so it may be able to flow past the blockage.
阿司匹林的,所以它能流过去的阻塞。
Aspirin:阿司匹林
'I'd write, all in block capitals: I'm one of those who write because they can't handle speaking; sorry about this, folks.
我会这样写，用大写印刷字体：我是那些用文字代替请讲的人中的一员，我们难以开口请讲，抱歉，各位。
speaking:请讲
In fact, when this feature is enabled, and the INSERT operation requires a new or reused block, DB2 will take an exclusive (X) lock on the block in order to add it to the target cell.
实际上，当该特性被启用，并且INSERT手术要求一个新的或重用的块时，DB2将在块上采用一个独占的（X）锁，以便将它添加到目标单元。
operation:手术
Please fill in this form in BLOCK LETTERS for computer processing. All data will be treated in strict confidence and for internal use only.
为方便加工，请以英文正楷填写。所有资料绝对保密，仅供内部使用。
processing:加工
Block off time for major activities. This might include a block of time for working alone on major tasks.
在处理重要事情时，要对外堵塞你的时间，这可能也包括独自一个人做重要任务时.
block:堵塞
Block out a chunk of time and do something fun with your entire family.
抽出整块的时间和全家人一起做一些乐趣的事情。
fun:乐趣
Once you've got a VPN with an IP block up and running, any AWS resources assigned will be subject to regular enterprise firewall and routing policies.
一旦虚拟专用网络有了IP模块，任何AWS资源都会受到企业防火墙和路由规则的约束。
VPN:虚拟专用网络
Evening, the peach took me to a row to block up, not stingily say, want to eat what though point!
晚上，桃子把我带到了排挡上，很大方地说，想吃什么尽管观点！
point:观点
It is very important to block up the tumor's blood supply during early period of the operation and to resect tumor piecemeally.
早期阻断瘤血供并行瘤内分块切除减容是手术的重要步骤；
tumor:瘤
The blonde said, "At 2500 feet, I started to get cold, so I turned the big fan off.
金发女郎说，“在升到2500脚的时候，我感觉有点冷，所以就把那个大风扇关了。”
feet:脚
Another person walks up behind the blonde and watches her antics for a few minutes before stopping her and asking if someone else could have a go.
另一个人在金发女郎美女的后面旁观她奇怪的举动。在看了几分钟后上前阻止她，并责问她如果别人要用怎么办？
blonde:金发女郎
As the blood bank and adapter of the house market, the selection of development model of housing finance in no doubt is of importance.
作为住房市场的“血库”和“调节器”——住房金融的发展模式的选择无疑具有重要性意义。
importance:重要性
Mr Hariri said there would be no end to what he described as a bloodbath without the personal intervention of the Syrian President Bashar al - Assad.
哈里里先生说,如果没有叙利亚总统Basharal-Assad的亲自干预,那么他所描述的大屠杀将不会就此结尾.
end:结尾
He's not necessarily talking about your physical brother, your blood brother, but he's also not talking about just any human being.
他说的并不存在你亲生的弟兄，你的亲哥哥亲弟弟，也不存在说所有人类。
being:存在
All patients with clinical findings of AKI should have a renal panel and complete blood count with differential performed.
具有急性肾损伤临床症状之全体病人，应作肾功能测试及全血细胞数数，且作差异比较。
count:数数
Review the results of laboratory tests, including complete blood count, electrolytes, urinalysis, and other diagnostic tests.
审查化验报告，包括全血数数，电解质，尿检和其他诊断试验。
count:数数
The blood count I use is the electronic timer on the straight track.
血球数数我用的是直线轨道上的电子计时器。
count:数数
Field experiment data and standard medical blood count board were used to calibrate instrument geometric scale and slide film sampling.
利用外场实测资料和标准医用血球计数板，对仪器进行几何尺度标定及载玻片拍摄采样定标。
sampling:采样
Character of this paragraph of bloodcurdling lets my this each think informed person also is unable to bear or endure creepy.
这段恐怖的文字让我们我这个自认为见多识广的人也禁不住毛骨悚然。
lets:让我们
World Blood Donor Day (WBDD) is an annual global celebration of the millions of people throughout the world who give their blood on a voluntary, unpaid basis to save the lives of those in need.
世界献血者日是世界各地自愿无偿献血以拯救需要者生命的百万人的全球年度庆祝活动。
millions:百万
The global celebration of World Blood Donor Day 2006 on June 14 will take place in Bangkok, Thailand.
6月14日全球庆典2006年世界献血者日将在泰国曼谷举行。
celebration:庆典
BOSTON(AP) Big moments have defined the Lakers - Celtics blood feud, and in their first get together in 21 years, a kid from Los Angeles gave Boston one to remember.
伟大的时刻造就了湖人和凯尔特人的血海深仇，在21年来他们再次聚首时，一来自洛杉矶的小孩给了波斯顿一值得记忆的时刻。
one:一
Blood stasis and heat are the pathological basis for the formation of stagnated heat.
瘀与热是瘀热编队的病理基础。
formation:编队
Their whole nation is gripped by World Cup fever this month, but after that they're going to start promoting their next world-class event - Bloodhound SSC.
本月整个国家都在为世界杯发烧所吸引，之后他们就着手推广下个世界级的盛世——猎犬号超音速汽车。
fever:发烧
Acupuncture, massage and blood- letting, as well as prayers, are also important factors.
针刺、推拿、放血以及祈祷式等也用于是治疗之中。
Acupuncture:针刺
On an energetic or metaphysical level, many babies are born with karma or with the energetic resonance of their bloodline.
在能量或者形而上的层面来看，很多婴儿携带着业力或者他们血统的能量谐振。
resonance:谐振
The dehumanisation and humiliation of opponents and their supporters is as much a part of the modern sporting experience as the blood-lust of the crowds that filled the Colosseum.
非人道地屈辱对手及其支持者，原本就是现代体育的组成部分，就像嗜血的人群涌入罗马斗兽场。
humiliation:屈辱
Lots of blood and borderline nudity may make some people uncomfortable, and the theme may be too much of a cliche for anyone who's seen Lust, Caution and similar films.
地段的血腥和软色情可能让部分人不舒服并且对于看过色.戒或类似电影的人来说题材又过于陈旧。
Lots:地段
Get a walkthrough of hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip.
在这个自由获取视频剪辑与专家尖端的杀手血钱演练和视频游戏的意见。
tips:尖端
Get a walkthrough of knocking out the guard in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip.
在这个自由获取视频夹子淘汰杀手血钱在与专家提示和建议守卫视频游戏攻略。
clip:夹子
Get a walkthrough of flat lining in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip.
得到这免费的视频夹子在杀手与专家提示和视频游戏的意见血钱flatlining演练。
clip:夹子
Epileptic patients childbirth vaginal bleeding, premature birth, abruption, blood poisoning, stillbirth bad consequences, such as a normal 2 to 3 times as high.
癫痫病人分娩时阴道流血的、早产、胎盘早剥、毒血症、死产等不良后果较正常人高2-3倍。
bleeding:流血的
To maintain such close flesh -blood relation with the masses, measures must be taken to proceed from actual situation to expand the channel of contact with the masses.
保持与人民群众的血肉接触必须从实际出发，不断拓展与人民群众接触的渠道。
contact:接触
Conc1usion: The results indicate that formation of the collateral blood supply is relative to hepatic anatomy and tumor location.
结论：侧支供血编队的机制与肝脏的解剖及肿瘤生长部位有关。
formation:编队
In this study, short -term anti - platelet drugs withdrawl did not induce relative blood vessels events, while the incidence rate of re - stenosis was 26%.
观察本组短时间停用抗血小板药无相关血管事件，关于狭窄发生率2 6 %。
re:关于
Under the physiology condition, cerebral blood flow to keep relative stabilization, to keep the normal nerve function and metabolism activity of brain tissue.
生理状态下，脑血流量维持相对稳定性，以维持脑组织的正常神经功能和代谢活动。
stabilization:稳定性
He's got sport in his blood; for generations back his family has produced sportsmen of one kind or another.
他天生就有搞体育运动的细胞，因为他家上几代不是出了这种运动员就是出了种类运动员。
kind:种类
Lots of men and women in the West are fervent supporters of bloodstained setups.
在西方，地段的男人和女人是大规模杀人装置的强烈支持者。
Lots:地段
They breathe in air, then extract the oxygen and pass it into the bloodstream, where it's rushed off to the tissues and organs that require it to function.
他们吸入空气，然后把氧提取出来并进入血液的流动中，被带到需要氧来维持功能的组织和器官中。
oxygen:氧
For example, calcium -rich dairy products or certain antacids can prevent antibiotics from being properly absorbed into the bloodstream.
例子，富含钙元素的奶制品或者某种抗酸剂会妨碍抗生素完全地被吸收进血流。
example:例子
Stress and sleep deprivation release cortisol into your bloodstream, which triggers fat storage around your waist.
压力和睡眠不足使得皮质醇发布到你的血液，从而引发脂肪全部堆积在腰部。
release:发布
Most cases are diagnosed after birth now, but if the blood test is widely adopted it could become chiefly a prenatal event.
大多数患者在一诞生就可以诊断出来，但是如果这种血液试验被广泛采用的话，唐氏综合症患者大多数就不会诞生。
birth:诞生
Captain Kidd, as infamous as his bloodthirsty contemporary Blackbeard, was hanged for piracy and the murder of a crew member at "Execution Dock" on the Thames in 1701.
Kidd船长，就和其同时代的嗜血海盗行为黑胡子一样，于1701年在泰晤士河的"处决码头"以海盗行为罪及谋杀船员罪吊死。
piracy:海盗行为
For example, sex means that genes involved in fur color and genes involved in, say, blood type, can be inherited independently — you get a mix of the genes your parents had.
例子：有性繁殖意味着含有毛色或血型的基因可以分别遗传，你是你父母基因的混合产物。
example:例子
They found patterns exactly like those in cells from the tumor itself, suggesting that at least some of the blood vessel cells came from the tumor.
他们发现，那些染色体的形态和瘤自身细胞的完全相同，说明至少一些血管细胞是来自瘤内部的。
tumor:瘤
Smoking can show blood vessel dilation, which is necessary to get an erection, said Lydia Bazzano, who has studied erectile dysfunction at the Tulane University Health Sciences Center.
曾在美国杜兰大学医学中心研究勃起障碍的利迪娅·巴扎诺说，男人的勃起需要血管扩张，而抽烟会影响这种血管扩张。
Smoking:抽烟
In the treetops at the far side of the cornfield there are crows screaming bloody crow murder at each other.
在麦田的远侧，有些乌鸦蹬在树梢上，这是一种会尖叫、相互残杀的血腥乌鸦。
cornfield:麦田
The blooming of China's "Golden Flowers" at Melbourne Park was also something of a vindication for the decision to allow the pair to leave the state sports system and manage their own careers.
“中国金花”在墨尔本公园的绽放也可以为允许这一对选手脱离国家体育体制，自主管理她们自己的职业生涯的决定辩护些事情。
vindication:辩护
Cherry trees' annual springtime blooming is a time for nationwide revelry in Japan, where friends and colleagues hold boisterous picnics to enjoy the short- lived beauty of the blossoms.
每年春季樱花绽放之时，日本到处都会举行热闹非凡的花见会，朋友、同事们聚在一起，一边野炊，一边欣赏樱花那转瞬即逝的美丽。
beauty:美丽
Based on blot algorithm and works well with spatter or cloudy image.
基于印迹算法，可以很好的处理溅污或有云纹的图像。
blot:印迹
It is like caressing one's scar ； the physical pain is gone, and one rather feels a little proud of the smooth and shiny blotch.
就像一人抚磨自己的疮疤；没有了生理上的疼痛，剩下的却只是一片颇值得骄傲的平滑而光润的疤痕。
one:一
Sometimes, motion vectors may be far away from the true motion vector in the blotch area.
在斑点存在的区域，运动载体的估计可能会出现较大的偏差。
vectors:载体
So fruits in white - mature period are the sensitive period for the incidence of blotchy ripening fruit to shading.
所以，果实白熟期是筋腐果对遮光发病率敏感的时期。
incidence:发病率
Like a drop of ink the falls on blotting paper, the act of prayer should spread steadily outwards from the conscious and reasoning centre of the brain, until it embraces every part of ourselves.
就象一滴墨水滴在吸水纸上那样，祷告的行动也一定会从头脑意识与理性的中心向外扩展，直至达到我们存在的每一部分。
prayer:祷告
Then, a few hours into the party, she came up and asked if I liked her blouse.
然后派对消磨掉了好几个小时，她起身问我，喜不喜欢她的衬衫。
party:派对
And in another blow to publishers, customers will have the option not to share their details -- name, e - mail address and ZIP code -- with the publisher.
对出版商的另一个打击就是客户可以选项不将自己的个人信息，包括名字、电子邮件地址和邮编提供给出版商。
option:选项
Oh, we're not sexed up. That's what makes the difference today. I hope you blow away.
哦，我们没有性感起来。这才是今天让我们感觉不同之处。我希望你瞠目结舌。
difference:不同之处
It was so dry that horses and cows started to dry up and blow away in the wind.
它就是这么干的，马匹，牛开始干起来，在风中吹了。
horses:马匹
Hydrogen is provided by an onboard 35MPa storage tank and air is fed to the fuel cell from a blower. The electric power generated is fed to a lithium battery of the electric drive.
氢气被贮存在35MPa的容器中，空气通过鼓风机进入燃料电池，反应产生的电能被贮存在锂电池中。
storage:贮存
Four years later, the heads of that department charged Blower with "verbal abuse, false statements, disparagement, and harassment of faculty, "according to a news report in Science.
4年之后，部门的负责人根据科学杂志的一篇新报告指责Blower”虐待语句，制造假命题，轻蔑和干扰同事”。
abuse:虐待
Care should be taken to avoid touching or splashing the rim of the well with conjugate. Do not "blow -out" from microplates.
小心避免触碰有共轭物的检测孔边缘或使其中内容物溢出。不要向微孔板“吹气”。
microplates:微孔板
Despite the present disorder, though, and the more or less fortunate improvisations in Tunisia and Egypt, the wind of this spring continues to blow over all of the Arab world.
尽管当前局面非常紊乱，突尼斯和埃及起义的突然胜利也或多或少出于幸运，但春风仍旧吹遍整个阿拉伯世界。
disorder:紊乱
Using a blowtorch and aided by a faulty security alarm that failed to go off, the burglars cut through metal bars on the window of the police investigation headquarters during Sunday night.
上周日的夜里，这伙儿窃贼使用喷灯，借助派出所失灵的安全警报系统没能报警而剪断了这个警察调查总部窗户上的金属网。
burglars:窃贼
Conditions in the municipal - bond market match almostexactly the conditions that existed for the blowup that sparkedthe worst recession since the Great Depression, he said.
这主要是因为他觉得目前市政债市场已经完全具备了上次引发自大萧条以来最大的经济经济衰退的一切诱因。
recession:经济衰退
A number of studies in recent years have revealed a variety of toxic pollutants in dolphin blubber, including PCBs, PBDE flame retardants and the pesticide DDT.
近年的一些研究显示了在海豚体内的一些有毒物质，包括多氯联苯，多溴二苯醚阻燃剂以及农药DDT。
pesticide:农药
At least I was blubber for you pacific silent as the grave and heartrending in year incapable touch corner that rose intention filter always.
至少我为你哭泣过，安静的，无声的，伤心的，在岁月无法触碰的角落里，玫瑰花心渐渐老去。
touch:触碰
To expand on previous, smaller - scale studies, Kucklick and colleagues analyzed 300 blubber samples that had been collected between 2000 and 2007 from male bottlenose dolphins at 14 sites.
为了扩大先前的小范围学习，在2000至2007年间，约翰和他的同事们从十四个地区收集了并分析了300份雄性海豚的脂肪样本。
studies:学习
For example, an iron could be used to press a shirt, bludgeon an intruder, or grill a cheese sandwich.
例子，熨斗可以用来熨平T恤之外，还可以作为自卫的武器，或者用来烤奶油三明治。
example:例子
It was my first time to see a bluebell field, the moment when I first saw it I was so excited and imagine myself walking in a fairy tale, it was blue everywhere, I couldn't see where it ended.
俺长的那么大还是第一次见那么一大片望不尽头，蓝深深的风信子花，目睹时的那一刻仿如走进了预备好的童话世界。
bluebell:风信子
Devil's Snare prefers a dark, damp environment and shrinks away from fire, so a well - placed flame spell such as Bluebell Flames will drive it away from its victims.
Devil'sSnare喜欢黑暗潮湿的地方，遇到火会退缩，因此一个施得合适的火焰拼写，比如蓝铃火焰就可以把被抓缠住的人从它的触须下救出来。
spell:拼写
While I've piled on the praise for his creation, please be aware of the following: firstly, Blueberry Garden will not be for everyone.
尽管我使出全身解数来赞这个游戏，但是还是不能忽略下列的几点：第一，《蓝莓花园》并不适合所有的人。
following:下列的
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin serenaded a star - studded crowd with Louis Armstrong's song "Blueberry Hill" at a children's charity event, the Daily Telegraph of London reported.
据英国《每日电讯报》报道，俄罗斯总理普京近日在一个名人云集的儿童慈善机构活动中大秀歌艺，演唱了路易斯·阿姆斯特朗的"蓝莓山"。
charity:慈善机构
blue chip company isless likely to go bankrupt, but you're also less likely to get rich by buyingstock in a company with millions of shareholders.
相比之下，一家蓝筹股公司破产的可能性更小一些，但是你如果买这家有百万股东的公司的股票，变富的可能性也会更小一些。
millions:百万
Buffett also takes friendly positions from time to time in America’s blue chip companies and sells them without notice when he believes he has either made or lost enough money.
巴菲特也在美国蓝心公司友好的不时的担任职位，并在他认为取得或损失足够的资金时不注意就出卖所有股份。
notice:注意
Bluegrass is really bright green but looks bluish from a distance.
早熟禾实际上是鲜绿色，但从远处看是浅蓝色。
Bluegrass:早熟禾
I play bluegrass cello, I was scouted by the Mets, I am the subject of numerous documentaries.
我用大提琴演奏早熟禾音乐，连大都会博物馆都来找过我，我还是众多纪录片的男主角，被警方跟踪也在所难免。
bluegrass:早熟禾
The Low Country Boys sang in Ulster - Scots with an infusion of American gospel and bluegrass.
低地男孩"(LowCountryBoys)用北爱尔兰苏格兰语演唱带有美国福音歌曲和早熟禾音乐风味的歌曲。
bluegrass:早熟禾
Hence aventurine may be green, greenish - brown, blueish - white, bluish green and orange.
因此，东陵可能是绿色的，绿色的，褐色，青色，白，蓝绿色的和橙色。
green:绿色的
"The LEDs produce a slightly unnatural blueish light. As the acrylic ages, it becomes slightly yellowed and crazed through exposure to ultraviolet light, "he said.
“发光二极管生产略有非自然蓝色的流线型轻，由于压克力的年龄，它变得稍微泛黄，并通过疯狂的接触于紫外线光， ”他说。
exposure:接触
And in Trinidad and Tobago, the International Waterfront Towers take the blue ribbon at 394 feet.
在特里尼达和多巴哥国际海滨大厦的蓝丝带有三百九十四脚。
feet:脚
A little bell held by a thread of blue ribbon was fastened about its neck, and this tinkled feebly whenever it was shaken.
那小羊的颈上有条蓝色丝带拴着一个小铃儿，皮榻振动时就会微微的作响。
ribbon:丝带
She describes the song, which sold over 1.5 million digital copies in the US, as a "dark bluesy gospel disco tune ."
她形容这首歌曲，其中销售超过150万，在美国数字拷贝作为一个“黑暗的布鲁斯福音迪斯科调。”
tune:调
Without it though, your Bluetooth hardware may only search for services on the first remote Bluetooth devices that you pass in, and it may ignore the others.
但是如果没有它，蓝牙硬件可能只会在传递进的远程蓝牙设备中搜索第一个设备上的服务，而忽略其他的设备。
others:其他的
This means the user can use a Bluetooth earpiece and not have to purchase one separately.
这意味着用户可以直接使用蓝牙耳机，不用另外再去买一。
one:一
Hot stars embedded in the dust can be seen as bluish reflection nebulae.
嵌在灰尘中的炙热恒星就是那些蓝色的反射星云。
dust:灰尘
Something with some black will be good, but don’t overdo is as you might notice some bluish tones when the brightness is cranked up.
在显示某些黑色的色的时候效果比较好，但是不要过分黑色的，因为当亮度调高一些的时候，你会发现这些区域会有一些泛蓝。
black:黑色的
With no elaborate courtship ritual, males in a frenzied pursuit of sexual congress often blunder into and puncture the bodies of other males, occasionally inflicting fatal wounds.
由于没有求偶仪式，男性臭虫竞相追逐性对象，往往会因失误而穿刺到其他男性的身体，甚至偶尔会造成致命伤。
males:男性
You can also visit Blurb ’s online bookstore where you can browse titles and flip through digital copies of books made by others to get ideas.
你还可以逛Blurb的网上书店，输入题目翻阅其他的顾客制作书籍的数码复制品以取得灵感。
others:其他的
Typically the schedule for these activities is aggressive, the goals blurry, the technologies new, and the QA light, so prototyping can often be a lot of fun -- and a big waste of money.
典型的对这些活动的时间计划是非常自信的，目标是模糊的，技术是新的，并且QA轻松的，因此原型通常是很乐趣的 —金钱的大量浪费。
fun:乐趣
A couple of girls sunbathing on a lawn isn’t exactly spectacular, but it ’s better than the blurry picture of the semi-naked babe on a truck.
两个女孩在草地上晒日光浴，这没什么了不起的，但是这比那个画在卡车上的模糊的半裸美女照片要好。
lawn:草地
Farsightedness is the opposite, in a way: A shorter -than- average eyeball or too - flat cornea focuses light behind the retina instead of on it, making near vision and sometimes distant vision blurry.
远视在某种程度上则相反，是较正常短些的眼球前后径或者太平坦的角膜使光线聚焦于视网膜后而不是之上，这导致近景视觉模糊的和有时的远景视觉模糊的;
blurry:模糊的
These Blurt Out tapes and CDs are a great way for you to master spoken English.
这些《脱口而出》的录音带和光碟对你掌握英语口语有很大帮助。
CDs:光碟
Browse our collection of mineral makeup, including eye shadow, eyeliner, blusher, foundation, "concealer," powder and lip balm.
浏览我们收藏矿物彩妆，包括眼影，眼线笔，腮红，粉底，遮瑕，粉和润唇膏。
collection:收藏
This is --what elicited the laughter for Zachary was watching the classic film Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day where Rabbit climbed on a high bunch of shelves and it all came crashing down on him.
让Zachary笑声的是,他在看的一部经典电影,《小熊维尼和大风吹》,兔子爬到一个很高的架子上,架子塌下来，砸到它身上。
laughter:笑声
But two other studies looking at BMI and pregnancy risk found no such risk.
但另外两个学习BMI和怀孕风险的项目却没有发现这种关联。
studies:学习
During the cold war, when nuclear tensions were at their height, rampaging B - movie monsters were the result of accidental exposure to radiation;
在核问题高度紧张局势的冷战期间，肆意猖狂的次级电影怪物是由于意外遭受核辐射而产生的；
tensions:紧张局势
When you replicate from movies to movies - b, none of the documents from movie - b has been moved.
当您从movies向movies-b复制时，movie-b中没有任何任何文档被移动。
none:没有任何
Others bankers include BoA Merrill Lynch, Barclays Capital, Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co.
参与此次公开募股的其他的银行还包括美国银行美林公司（BoAMerrillLynch）、巴克莱资本公司（BarclaysCapital）、以及Allen&Co等。
Others:其他的
As a reward for eating a good lunch, Dad took me to the snake house to see the big boa constrictor.
为了表扬我午餐吃得好，爸爸带我来到蛇馆看大蟒蛇。
lunch:午餐
Only this week a wild boar made the headlines when it broke for freedom at Cinderford, in Gloucestershire, and vanished into the undergrowth of the Forest of Dean.
但直到本周，一头野猪在格洛斯特郡的辛德福德为了自由，不顾一切逃脱，消失在迪恩森林，又引起轰动，上了头条新闻新闻。
headlines:头条新闻
BoarCroc, for example, was 20 ft. long and had three rows of fangs, like a boar from Hell, which made it what Sereno calls "a dinosaur slicer ."
“例子：野猪鳄长20英尺，有三排毒牙，好似来自地域的野猪，由此，塞利诺把把它称作”恐龙切片机“。
example:例子
As a real boarder, you know that your feet are your tools and a craftsman takes good care of his tools.
作为一个真正的寄宿生，你知道你的脚是你的工具和工匠需要好好关心他的工具。
care:关心
Schedule family fun time, too, whether it's playing a board game or going on bike ride or hike.
也应该安排一下家庭娱乐时间，无论是玩棋盘游戏或者骑旅行或者徒步旅行。
ride:骑
They collaborate to put together articles like History of the board game ‘ Monopoly ’ or Autostereogram without any financial reward.
他们在毫无金钱报酬的情况下，协同创作了如同《棋盘游戏“大富翁”的历史》或《三维立体图》这样的文章。
reward:报酬
When Prince Andrew was presented with the property board game to mark his visit, he remarked: “We’re not allowed to play Monopoly at home.
访问时，安德鲁王子收到了一套大富翁游戏，他回答：“我们在家也不能玩大富翁。
visit:访问
Even in the most difficult long- Board game, players were still smiling, keep classy demeanor. Etiquette, demeanor and temperament is the snooker Masters gives us enjoyment and enlightenment.
即使在最艰苦的长局比赛中，球手们依然面带微笑，保持谦谦君子的风度。礼仪、风度和气质正是台球大师带给我们的享受和启迪。
snooker:台球
The Play X and Play O buttons are at the top with the tic - tac - toe game board in the middle of the display.
PlayX与PlayO按钮展示在展示屏中间tic-tac-toe游戏面板的顶部。
display:展示
Again, a boarding house owner found out the baby but, after a night in the open air, the baby died of exposure.
类似的，一个棚户区的户主找到了一个婴儿，可是由于真个晚上接触在空其中，婴儿已经死亡了。
exposure:接触
The logic board comes out without a fuss after removing the Phillips screws securing it to the case.
逻辑板同时，并没有大惊小怪了菲利普斯螺丝取出后，将其平安的状况。
screws:螺丝
The single- board reads out the pin level sequence to determine the slot number.
单板通过读取识别管脚电平的顺序确定槽位号。
sequence:顺序
"You can smoke in the parking lot but when you walk over the boardwalk, it's no smoking ," Leatherman said.
莱瑟曼博士说：“你可以在停车场抽烟，但是当你在滨海路上漫步的时候，就不允许抽烟了。”
smoking:抽烟
Our boast is not that we have more ideas or brilliant ideas but that our ideas are better tested.
我们自我夸倒不是因为我们的主意多或我们的主意好，而是因为我们的主意都是经过更好检验的。
boast:夸
They were the civilian equivalent of the shabab, with their gunfire, their boastful chants, and their manifest need to feel that they were in charge of their own fate.
他们是相当于青年党的平民百姓，他们有枪火，有自豪的欢唱，有对主宰自己命运的明确渴望。
shabab:青年党
Having nice possessions, such as a car, house or a boat. These indicate wealth, excitement and power, all of which are attractive.
拥有美好的财富，诸如汽车，房子，船等东西。这些东西意味着财富，激动，和能力，所有这些东西都是很迷人的。
excitement:激动
This first one is a shot of the Fairfield Boathouse is Melbourne, Australia.
这首先是一镜头的费尔菲尔德船屋是澳大利亚墨尔本。
one:一
Yellowstone has numerous recreational opportunities, including hiking, camping, boating, fishing and sightseeing.
黄石公园有许多娱乐机会，包括徒步旅行，野营，划船，钓鱼以及游览。
camping:野营
While he came up with a boatload of designs, the final product is simple because cost and manufacturability are of paramount importance.
他想到了很多设计方案，但最终的设计很简洁，因为成本和工艺是最重要性的两个因素。
importance:重要性
And, the idea of a space ark carrying a boatload of colonists here is a quaint 16th - century notion.
而且，一艘方舟运来大量殖民者的想法也是来自16世纪的古雅的念头。
quaint:古雅的
In JUnit, for example, the Assertion class is a concrete class with a boatload of static assert methods, which the all-too- familiar TestCase class extends.
例子，在JUnit 中，Assertion类是一个具体的类，其中包含许多static断言方法，我们熟悉的TestCase类会扩展这些方法。
example:例子
Our hearts raced. We went for a stroll down Park Avenue, where daffodils bobbed like chicks and tulips sprouted like fistfuls of crayons.
我们的心都提到了嗓子眼。我们去了公园大道漫步，那里的簇簇水仙花修剪整齐，像一群毛茸茸的小鸡，郁金香花开遍地，像是彩色的蜡笔。
stroll:漫步
The physical and mechanical characteristics of Richcel fiber are detailedly introduced, as well as the technology of spinning, yarn scouring and bleaching, bobbin dyeing.
文章介绍了丽赛纤维的物理、机械性能，丽赛纤维纯纺纱的生产工艺以及丽赛纤维纱练漂、染色工艺。
yarn:纱
Established in early 2003, our company is a Taiwanese- specializing in the manufacture of BOBBIN and SMD.
本公司成立于2003年初。是一家专业生产生产BOBBIN和SMD的台资企业。
manufacture:生产
A double- shadow -images technique was developed to measure the three- dimensional deformation of a bobble in a dilute bubbly flow to investigate forces on the bubble and its lateral motion.
为研究气泡形变对泡状流中气泡受力与运动的影响，设计了一种可获得稀疏泡状流中形变气泡三维参数的双投影测量技术；
deformation:形变
Have you ever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon? Or asked the grinning bobcat why he grinned?
你可曾听过荒野之狼仰对蓝色秋月的嗥叫声？或问过咧齿的山猫为何咧着嘴笑？
grinning:咧着嘴笑
Britain's Amy Williams, an Olympic Gold medalist, starts her run during the skeleton at the Bobsleigh and Skeleton World Cup in Winterberg, Germany January 22, 2011.
英国的艾米威廉姆斯，奥运会金牌得主，启动期间在有舵雪橇和骨架世界杯冬，德国2011年1月22日骨架她跑步。
run:跑步
Overlay extensions which allow users to extend an OAGIS BOD, noun, and component to meet their own needs, even adding new BODs, verbs, nouns, and components where necessary
Overlay扩展名，它允许用户扩展名OAGISBOD、名词和组件以满足自己的需要，甚至可以在必要的地方添加新的BOD、动词、名词和组件
extensions:扩展名
This finding is certainly not an excuse to keep on smoking but it does bode well for those who may not have those genes as well.
这个发现当然不是你继续抽烟的借口，但是它对于那些没有此类基因的烟民们而言是个好兆头。
smoking:抽烟
“The high and mighty ,” he argued, “are often denied the“ bodily attributes of their position, such as height or beauty.
“地位高度和有势力的，”他认为，“常常否认了他们地位的身体属性，例如身高度或者美貌。”
height:高度
It also distorts less than conventional body armour when it is hit.
并且当遭受撞击时，它发生的变形比常规防护盔甲更小。
armour:盔甲
A relatively well -equipped rebel fighter since he looks to have some kind of body armour, helmet and that staple of conflicts the world over, an RPG or rocket - propelled grenade launcher.
这是一位装备相对较好的反抗军战士，他配有护甲、头盔，以及一具在全世界冲突中都可以见到的角色扮演游戏或火箭助推榴弹发射器。
RPG:角色扮演游戏
Airports in Britain, the Netherlands and Canada have said they plan to use full- body scanners to foil future terror attempts like the Christmas Day attempt to blow up a Detroit -bound flight.
为了防止像圣诞节那天尝试爆炸底特律航班的飞机事故发生，英国、荷兰和加拿大机场开始计划使用全身扫描以增加安检。
attempts:尝试
As a moderate in a party increasingly dominated by hard -line conservatives, bodybuilder and action film star "Arnie" can appeal to centrist and independent voters, especially male ones.
如今，在强硬的保守派日渐占主导地位的共和党中，作为一位较为缓和的共和党人，健美运动员及动作片明星“阿尼”(施瓦辛格的昵称)则能够吸引中间派人士和独立选民，尤其是其中的男性。
moderate:缓和
The tiny man is Aditya "Romeo" Dev, the world's smallest bodybuilder. He stands a towering 2 feet 9 inches tall and weighing in at a whopping 20 pounds.
图中的小人叫做安帝亚“罗密欧”德芙，他是世界上体型最小的健美教练，他实高2英寸9脚，体重约为20磅。
feet:脚
The Coventry schoolboy broke the record for his age during a charity bodybuilding event at the Standard Triumph Club in his hometown on Sunday.
这个来自考文垂的男孩于上周日在其家乡“标准胜利俱乐部”举行的一次慈善机构健身活动中一举打破了12岁年龄组的举重纪录。
charity:慈善机构
Experiments suggest that season of birth dramatically affects the way the speed at which the body clock ticks 。
实验表明，诞生的季节会极大地影响人体生物钟运转的速度。
birth:诞生
I teach them about touching, body language, how to show confidence … once you get some, that is.
我教他们接触、身体语言，以及怎样表达自信，等等。总之，就是你回到家后的那些事。
touching:接触
China" s modernization demands that the culture of English- speaking countries should be permeated in English teaching. Therefore, the teaching of culture- related body language must be involved ."
提高学生的外语交际能力需要在英语教学中加强英语国家文化的渗透，其中包括英语体态语的教学。
demands:需要
The participants also completed surveys that contained questions concerning their financial strain, BMI (Body Mass Index), depressive state, menopausal status, and sleep medication use.
同时她们还完成了关于她们财政拉紧情况，体质指数，抑郁状态，绝经情况以及安眠药服用情况的调查。
strain:拉紧
They agreed on this day boycott of body scan before boarding, requiring manual body search to enable the airport to a standstill.
他们约定在这一天登机前联合抵制全身扫描，要求手工搜身检查，使机场陷入瘫痪。
boycott:联合抵制
The father of missing American teenager Natalee Holloway will re- launch a search for her body in waters off Aruba.
美国失踪女孩NataleeHolloway的父亲将重新在阿鲁巴岛附近搜索她女孩的尸体。
search:搜索
The latest 11 applications of GPU technology in astronomy and the very impressive results of them have been mainly presented, for example, N -body simulation, radio interferometer, exo - planet search.
我们重点描述了当前在天文学领域的11种GPU应用情况，以及它们取得的显著成果，比如N体模拟、射电干涉仪、地外行星搜索等。
search:搜索
Engine, fork and transmission lubricants, brake fluids, detergents to clean the bodywork, chrome and hubs, Put the care of your motorcycle first. And give a performance worthy of applause every time.
包含引擎、前悬吊、变速系统润滑、煞车油及车身清洗保养等一切所需，先细心关心您的爱车，再让她创造值得喝采的完美表现。
care:关心
The U. N. top climate official, Yvo de Boer reminded delegates they have their work cut out.
联合国气候变化框架公约秘书处执行秘书德布尔提醒各国代表们，他们的工作量非常繁重。
delegates:代表们
At the time of publication, Victoria was queen, the 3rd Marquess of Salisbury was the Conservative Prime Minister, and the Second Boer War was raging.
在出版物这份报纸的时候，维多利亚仍然是女王，保守党的索尔兹伯里侯爵担任首相，第二次布尔战争蓄势待发。
publication:出版物
From the Cuban missile crisis and the fear of a atomic cloud, to today's enduring mistrust of government, communism remained the country's bogeyman.
从过去的古巴导弹危机与原子云害怕疑忧，到现在对政府长期的心存疑虑，共产主义在美国仍是用来吓唬小孩的妖怪。
fear:害怕
And with their bearded bogeyman gone, Americans may realize not that they have less to fear, but that their fear of what he represented had begun to subside long ago.
而随着这个大胡子怪物的死，美国人意识到的或许不是他们不用太过害怕，而是他们一直害怕的，本拉登背后的力量，在很久以前就开始消退了。
fear:害怕
With these in hand, the thieves need only set up a bogus money transfer without tipping off the bank.
掌握了这些信息，这些小偷可以不用惊动银行，只需要建立一个虚假的转移支付交易即可。
thieves:小偷
Bogy was the next- door neighbors' English bulldog. Normally he was linked by a chain to a wire that stretched about 100 feet across their backyard.
邻居的英国叭喇狗，平常总是套着链子，拴在他们家后院的铁丝围栏上，那围栏大约100脚长。
feet:脚
Nim went from a nice big bohemian, Upper West Side brownstone to a huge mansion in Riverdale that Columbia University owned in the Bronx, where he continues to be taught to use sign language.
尼姆离开了上西城的一个波希米亚风格的家庭豪宅，来到了哥伦比亚大学在布朗克斯区弗代尔社区的一栋大别墅里，在那里他继续接受手语教育。
bohemian:波希米亚风格的
The New York Times said the film “humanizes” Che, portraying him as a “restless, passionate bohemian with dancing eyes and a deepening core of empathy for the poor.
纽约时报称该片把格拉瓦“说得像个人了”，给了他“毫不懈怠的热情的波希米亚主义者，深切地共情穷人”这么一幅形象。
empathy:共情
not Broom's bohemian egghead air guitarist, but another kind of vernacular, another kind of celebration and another kind of music.
不是《笤帚》封底画的种类弹奏空气吉他的波希米亚知识分子，而是另一种，一种大白话，一种庆祝，一种音乐。
kind:种类
So if you look at this part of the curve, this chart, everything to the right is in fact what you might see in a conventional fossil boil or natural gas plant.
所以，如果你们观察曲线的这部分，这个图表，右边的每一件事事实上是你们会在,传统的化石熬或自然气体电站看到的。
boil:熬
This means seeking out the people who will make your blood boil.
这就意味着你要去寻找那些能让你血液熬的人。
boil:熬
It was an extraordinary voyage. Occasionally, we had an escort of dolphins, and then, at one point, the sea seemed to boil as we sailed across an underwater vent.
这是一次非同寻常的航程，先是有海豚伴我们航程，然后我们驶过了海底的火山口，海水翻滚着像煮沸了一样。
voyage:航程
The fuel assemblies usually lie under 20 to 30 feet of water, which would take days to boil away.
燃料组件通常位于20至30脚的水下，使其沸腾需要几天时间。
feet:脚
Laba porridge is eight kinds of fresh food and then harvested fruits boiled, usually for the sweet porridge.
腊八稀饭是用八种当年收获的新鲜粮食和瓜果煮成，一般都为甜味稀饭。
porridge:稀饭
Laba is a harvest year with eight fresh food and fruits boiled, usually for the sweet porridge.
腊八稀饭是用八种当年收获的新鲜粮食和瓜果煮成，一般都为甜味稀饭。
porridge:稀饭
Steam boilers of 40 m height. An elevator near every boiler.
40米高度的蒸汽锅炉，每个蒸汽锅炉旁边都有升降机。
height:高度
So signs of danger abound, but like the proverbial slow - boiling frog, we seem unable to rouse ourselves.
危险迹象盛产存在，但如同著名的温水煮青蛙效应，我们似乎不能警醒我们自己。
abound:盛产
Conservative cooking such as steaming or boiling causes only modest loss of some nutrients, such as folate, while enhancing the bioavailability of others, such as carotenoids.
保守烹饪如蒸，煮只造成少量的营养物质损失如叶酸，而加强了对其他的物质的生物利用度，如类胡萝卜素。
others:其他的
Discard any of the beans that float, and bring to a boil over medium - high heat.
扔掉漂浮的豆子，并用中-大火加热熬。
boil:熬
Growing protests and unrests are hitting China in recentmonths, as social discontent and ethnic tensions boil over.
近几个月来，由于社会不满情绪和民族紧张局势情绪加重，中国的抗议活动增多。
tensions:紧张局势
Without opportunities for productive civic engagement, young people's frustrations may boil over into economic and social tensions, creating long- simmering disputes.
没有有效的公民参与机会，青年人就会感到沮丧，这种情绪有可能愈演愈烈，导致经济和社会紧张局势，造成长期酝酿的争端。
tensions:紧张局势
Like all great organizational cultures, this one started with a bold vision.
像所有伟大的组织文化，这一开始有一大胆的设想。
one:一
He has launched a series of bold economic reforms which we support, and I will be meeting him in Jakarta next week to discuss new initiatives to attract further investment and boost growth.
他发动了一系列我们所支持的大胆的经济改革。我下周将在雅加达与他会面，讨论一些新的举措，以进一步吸引投资，推动生长。
growth:生长
The Misery: As the First World War draws to a close, Zhivago finds himself faced with the Bolshevik Revolution.
悲剧：随着第一次世界大战关闭尾声，日瓦戈发现迎接他的是布尔什维克革命。
close:关闭
The "lefts" who tried to skip Bolshevism in their return to Marxism generally confined themselves to isolated panaceas: boycott of parliament, creation of "genuine" Soviets.
那些企图避开布尔什维克主义而“回到”马克思主义去的“左派”们，通常都把事情归结为某些灵丹妙药：联合抵制旧工会、联合抵制议会、建立“真正的”苏维埃。
boycott:联合抵制
None of those who propose to renounce Bolshevism as an historically bankrupt tendency has indicated any other course.
那些建议抛弃布尔什维克主义、把它当作历史上“破产了的”流派的人们当中，没有任何一个人指出了新的道路。
None:没有任何
Pay attention to the direction of medium in valve body. Add seal cushion between two flanges connection and screw down bolt.
安装时请注意力阀体上标注介质流向，两法兰连接时必需加密封垫片，然后均匀锁紧螺栓。
attention:注意力
The statistic analysis of the space of bolt joints in this paper provides reliable data for the further study of the effect of the bolt - hole clearance on complete machines.
本文采用可靠性技术，对某种栓孔间距进行了统计分析， 从而为进一步学习栓孔间隙对连接件疲劳寿命的影响及对整机寿命的影响，提供了可靠的数据支持。
study:学习
Preload condition, the cylinder head bolt - hole depth of deformation of the cylinder sets a great impact on the proper cylinder head bolt hole depth Shen cylinder l.
预紧工况下，缸盖螺栓沉孔深度对气缸套形变影响很大，适当的缸盖螺栓沉孔深度有利于减小气缸套形变。
deformation:形变
Case studies show that the proposed fast processing method for AE signals successfully fulfils real-time monitoring of the crack initiation and growth process around the bolt hole.
结果表明，这种声发射信号快速加工方法成功的实时监测到螺栓孔周围裂纹的萌生和扩展过程。
processing:加工
A metal framework is embedded in the composite wear-resistant plate, and the metal framework is provided with a connecting hole or a connection bolt.
在复合耐磨板内预埋金属骨架，金属骨架上设有联系孔或者联系螺栓。
connection:联系
UNIPAC: A pre - assembled, pre- lubricated, bolt-on Timken unit bearing assembly designed for front wheel automotive applications.
UNIPAC 轴承单元：是一种预组装、前调定游隙、前润滑的汽车轮端轴承单元。
pre:前
He went on: With this bomb we have now added a new and revolutionary increase in destruction to supplement the growing power of our armed forces.
他继续说道：借助原子弹，我们现在不断增长的武装力量得到了一种崭新的、革命性的破坏武器的补充。
destruction:破坏
Whatever you do, don’t bombard poor, innocent people in the real world with corporate jargon.
不论你做什么，不要堆砌公司行话轰击真实世界里可怜的无辜的人们。
bombard:轰击
You do this so as to not bombard the cloud manager with requests, and also to not have the flow run a continuous loop unnecessarily.
这样做的目的有两个：一是避免过多的请求 “轰炸”云管理器；二是避免流动不必要地持续运行循环。
flow:流动
But the worst of the bombardment — including the colossal impact that knocked loose the chunk that became our moon — was over.
但最糟糕的轰炸——包括将大块物质撞击得脱离地球形成月亮巨大碰撞——已经结束了。
moon:月亮
The missile bombardment from air and sea began this past weekend to enforce a United Nations -mandated no- fly zone and to protect rebels from Moammar Gadhafi's forces.
为执行联合国关于建立禁飞区的提议和保护叛军免受卡扎菲军队的攻击，来自空中与海上的导弹轰击在上周开始进行。
bombardment:轰击
Troops in tanks rolled into Latakia on Saturday, and on Sunday morning they began a sustained bombardment of the areas where protests had been held, according to witnesses in the city.
据目击者称，坦克部队与本周六开入拉塔基亚，并与本周日早晨，开始对举行反政府示威活动的地区进行持续轰击。
bombardment:轰击
Programs in military technologies and applied sciences may include command and control (C3. C4) systems. munitions systems. ordinance technology. explosive ordinance. bomb disposal and well as others.
军事技术专业课程包括：命令和控制系统（C3。C4），弹药系统，条例技术，爆炸条例，拆弹以及其他的。
others:其他的
The British discovery also came at just the right time – the US had threatened to sever intelligence links over the release of Lockerbie bomber Al Megrahi.
英国的发现来的正是时候——美国曾经威胁因为发布洛克比空难投弹手阿尔·麦格里希，要断绝情报部门的联系。
release:发布
Commissioned by owner Murray Moss, the suite comprises of polished cast - bronze furnishings, including a cabinet with a hollowed -out bomb crater and a jewel safe with a jack -in-the- box.
其前任所有者是莫里·摩斯委托该展出售，整套艺术品由青铜铸件家具组成，其中包含一个中空有弹洞的柜子和一个珠宝保险箱，装饰成了会跳出小丑的玩偶盒。
comprises:包含
Game, you need wooden box next to the placement of a bomb, blow out a pathway, and finally let your opponent died in a bomb under.
游戏中，各位需要在木箱旁边放置炸弹，炸出一条通路，并最终让对手死在你的炸弹之下。
placement:放置
I am The Lord your God, Who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. You shall have no other gods before Me.
我是耶和华-你的神，曾将你从埃及地为奴之家领出来，除了我之外，你不可有别的神。
gods:神
As I gain height I can see across the valley to the plantations of bone - white stone that I visited yesterday.
当我走到高处时，能看见谷那边种植园里骨白色的岩石，那是我昨天去过的地方。
valley:谷
Comprising three separate bones, the malleus, the incus and the stapes, this structure is unlike that of any other class of animal: reptiles and amphibians have one bone while fish have none.
中耳骨是由锤骨、砧骨和镫骨这三块独立的骨骼组成，这种结构与其他任何纲目的动物都有所不同：爬行动物与两栖动物都只有单个耳骨，而鱼类则没有任何。
none:没有任何
The new collection consists of some new modern shapes as well and adding some classic, timeless styles that bone china is so well known for.
新的集合组成包含了现代风格，加入一些经典的的，令骨瓷器是那么广为人知的永恒的一些新的款形。
classic:经典的
The foyer has a $5, 000 coffee machine, 18 different teas served in fine bone china from a silver tray and an oven baking sugarless muffins to mask the medicinal smell.
在该诊所的休息室内，有一台价值5000美元的咖啡机，银盘中摆着用18种上等骨灰瓷冲泡的茶点以及无糖的烤松饼，你几乎闻不到什么医药味。
sugarless:无糖的
The problems should paid attention to in Preparation process of casting slip for the bone china were proposed by means of the production and author experiences.
从生产实际出发并结合作者的实践经验，提出了在骨瓷注浆泥料配制中应注意力的问题。
attention:注意力
Until this week, we all knew for a fact that there isn't any water on the moon. After all, astronauts brought back bone dry moon rocks from their expedition in 1969.
我们直到这周，我们都知道一个事实，那就是月亮上根本没有水的存在。毕竟，宇航员1969年远征时从月亮岩石上带回来的一小块物质。
moon:月亮
A new study suggests that, contrary to recent work, the lunar interior is as bone- dry as scientists thought 40 years ago, when NASA astronauts lugged home the first moon rocks.
一项新的研究指出，与最近的认识相反的是，和40十年前当美国太空署的宇航员带回第一块月岩时科学家们想的一样，月亮内部是完全干燥的。
moon:月亮
Such estimates are hard to reconcile with the new chlorine work suggesting a bone -dry moon.
这一类判断很难与暗示月亮干燥无水的氯元素分析相安无事。
moon:月亮
Now research shows how one plant does this: The desert rhubarb plant captures 16 times more liquid from its bone -dry surroundings than neighboring plants.
目前研究发现了一种植物是如何做到这一点的：一种沙漠中生长的大黄类植物可以比邻接的植物捕捉到多出十六倍的水分。
neighboring:邻接
Using tools like this one to obtain bone marrow, the most nutritious part of a carcass, they set in train an ancient virtuous circle.
通过使用类似这工具来获取骨髓这种动物躯体中最有营养的部分，他们开始培养起一古老的良性循环。
one:一
Methods :A series of 15 cases operated microsurgically on with big bone defects of bone tumor were summed up retrospectively.
方法：回顾性的总结15例骨瘤巨大骨缺损的显微外科手术治疗资料。
tumor:瘤
Since then, the United Kingdom on the celebration of formed a "bonfire night" tradition.
此后，英国就形成了庆典“篝火之夜”的传统。
celebration:庆典
For Yang Bong - min, a professor of the School of Public Health at Seoul National University, a lack of regulatory rigour is at the heart of the problem.
首尔国立大学公共卫生学院的YangBong-min教授认为，缺少严格监管是问题的核心。
lack:缺少
Winter is the worst time to "bonk" because you run out of energy.
冬天很容易就会让你活力耗竭。
energy:活力
I've underestimated this phenomenon all my life. People go bonkers taking care of their own self - interest.
我低估了生活中的这个现象-人们疯狂地了关心为了自身的利益生存。
care:关心
By that bon mot, he meant to imply, no doubt, that only a listener who really involves himself is of importance to music or the makers of music.
这一奇妙的说法，他的意思是说，只有全身心的投入的听众才是对音乐或是对音乐创作者最为重要性的。
importance:重要性
She wouldn't understand the hint, but followed me to a sideboard, where I went to lay my bonnet, and importuned me in a whisper to give her directly what I had brought.
她不懂这个暗示，却跟着我到一个餐具柜那儿，我是到那儿放下我的帽子的，她耳语央求我把我所带来的东西马上给她。
whisper:耳语
I am glad I bought my bonnet, if it is only for the fun of having another bandbox!
我买了顶帽子，真是高兴，就算特地添置了一只帽盒，也很乐趣！
fun:乐趣
Pierre Bonny, once the most famous police officer in France before being disgraced and jailed for corruption, became his right-hand man.
皮埃尔·博尼因为腐败腐败而被捕入狱，颜面扫地，但拉丰却让这位法国曾经名头最响的警官担任自己的副手。
corruption:腐败
Then sentenced to death. On the day after Christmas in 1944, Villaplane, Lafont, Bonny and five others were taken to Fort de Montrouge on the outskirts of the city and shot dead.
1944年圣诞节后的第二天，维拉普兰、拉丰、博尼及其他的五人被押解到巴黎郊外的蒙鲁日堡，毙于枪下。
others:其他的
Some sales organizations combine both individual and group sales bonus programs.
一些销售量企业结合了个人和团队销售量红利计划。
sales:销售量
As a result, chimp and bonobo wrists have special features that gorillas lack - little ridges and concavities that serve as' bony stops' to keep their wrists from over- bending.
结果，黑猩猩及侏儒黑猩猩腕部有了大猩猩缺少的特征---充当'骨挡板'的肌肉隆起和凹陷，保护其手腕不会过度弯曲。
lack:缺少
The creature is white, furry and bony. Scholars have written reams about this ermine's significance as an allegory of purity.
白色的小东西毛茸茸的，很是骨感，学者们写过大量文章论述貂代表着纯度无瑕。
purity:纯度
The waves looked at least ten feet tall and crushed me and my boogie board into the sand more times than I can count.
那边的海浪看起来至少有十脚高，把我和我的冲浪趴板打翻到沙滩的次数多到我都算不清。
feet:脚
BOB might create and injection point and a bookable live camera in this zone.
BOB可以在该区域设置信号传送观点并可接受直播摄像机预定。
point:观点
If there is any serious quality fault with the book such as page- missing, wrong binding or damage, PLS contact the printing house for replacement.
本书如在缺失，错装或者坏损等严重质量问题，请向承印厂接触调换。
contact:接触
In Chapter two, the author analyses the generality of the excellent books from the selection of content, edition and proofreading, the design of binding and layout, the print and bookbinding.
在精品图书的特点和综合评价体系一章中，作者从图书的选题内容、编校质量、装帧设计、打印装订等方面分析了精品图书的共性。
print:打印
Indian trains are very busy and often get booked up weeks in advance.
印度火车非常繁忙，通常要进步几周订票。
advance:进步
Saturday slots at the Savoy are booked up three months in advance.
要想在萨伏伊酒店喝周六时段的下午茶要进步三个月预定座位。
advance:进步
The utility model discloses a bookend capable of growing out vegetable, which is a scientific fun bookend of an intelligence working type, having the capability of growing out vegetables.
本公用事业新型是一种可以长出植物来的智力劳动型科学趣味书卡。
utility:公用事业
You'd form a query about the publisher of any book in exactly the same (unique) form, just with different category, author, and so on.
您可以使用完全相同的（唯一的）格式来询问所有书籍出版商，只是在类别、作者等方面有所不同。
query:询问
For example, if there is a use case to make a room booking, there must also be computation rules to determine the room charges.
例子，如果有一个用例是进行一个房间预订，也必须有一个计算规则来确定房间费用。
example:例子
For example, you can put each chapter of your book into a separate XML document.
例子，您可以将书中的每一个章节放入单独的XML文档中。
example:例子
Because Oprah is the kind of person who can turn a book into a runaway bestseller just by saying so.
因为奥普拉就是种类随便说说就可以让一本书轻易成为畅销书的人。
kind:种类
Vienna bookkeeper Anna Rietsch said: "It's inhumane and immoral to execute a killer, but it's not fair to their victims' loved ones when a killer can look forward to a nice life outside prison ."
Vienna医院的会计AnnaRietsch说：“处死杀人犯是不人性不道德的，但这对受害者的家属来说，杀人犯可以在监狱外过一个好生活，是不公平的。”
bookkeeper:会计
Family simple accounting includes the definition of accounting object, the setting of accounting subject and book - keeping technique, the designing and using of accounting books etc.
家庭简易会计框架包括阐述核算对象、环境会计科目、确立记账方法、设计账簿格式、选用会计报表与诸方面的构筑。
setting:环境
If the tools automated the bookkeeping in this way, it would help make the team more effective by ensuring that the important connections between bug reports and code check -ins are reliable.
如果工具以这种方式自动化簿记工作，则能通过确保漏洞报告与代码签入之间的重要联系是可靠的，从而帮助提高团队的工作效率。
bug:漏洞
Coursework included: secretarial principles, office administration, management, business English, English word processing, stenography, bookkeeping.
课程包括：秘书原理，办公室行政，管理学，商用英语，英语文字加工，速记学，簿记。
processing:加工
The purpose of this booklet is to describe the basic process of money creation in a "fractional reserve" banking system.
本手册发行之初，是为了阐述“部分储备”银行系统中货币创建的基本过程。
creation:创建
Notes ： 1 In order to describe themoney-creation process as simply as possible, the term "bank" used inthis booklet should be understood to encompass all depository institutions.
笔记：1为了尽可能简单地描述货币制造的过程，在这本小册子中使用的“银行”这一术语应该被理解为所有的储蓄机构。
Notes:笔记
Paddy Power Plc, Ireland's biggest bookmaker, said this week that the odds of a recall increased after the Consumer Reports review, leading to a “betting frenzy.
爱尔兰最大的博彩公司帕蒂鲍尔公司表示，本周在美国消费者报导杂志发布其评估后，手机记起几率猛增，引起了“博彩热潮”。
recall:记起
"We said we would give 10,000 pounds to Cancer Research if John dropped his trousers at the end of the match and he duly obliged," a spokesman for the Irish bookmaker said.
这家爱尔兰博彩公司的发言人说：“我们允诺，如果约翰在比赛结尾时把他的裤子脱了，我们将向癌症研究中心捐献1万英镑，约翰果然这样做了。”
end:结尾
Bookmark some for later and more in - depth study and explore every aspect of the design and the code behind the site.
给一些标注上书签以备后用，然后深入学习和探索设计的各个方面和网站背后的代码。
study:学习
The classic pioneers of this approach are the online bookseller or travel agent: with the mass appeal of a major retailer, they can also offer a personalised service.
此种理论的优秀先驱者是在线书商和旅行社：随着主零售店的广泛吸引力，他们也可以提供个性化的服务。
pioneers:先驱者
Up -to- date, every time transient bookstall, the magazine that always should read oneself to be interested in the past arrived.
直到现在，每次路过书摊，总要过去的看看自己感兴趣的杂志是不是到了。
past:过去的
The boom over, calamity is in vogue once more and to many the end seems nigh.
繁荣已经结尾，灾难再次流行，而且对许多人来说，这似乎已是终点。
end:结尾
Not until 2003 did minerals begin to boom again, though by then Australia had escaped both the Asian crisis and the recession that hit America in 2001.
直到2003年起矿业才真正开始重新繁荣，尽管当时澳大利亚躲过了亚洲金融危机和打击了美国的2001年经济经济衰退。
recession:经济衰退
There is also a less good reason. Educators worry about the “boomerang effect”, in which talk about drugs feeds curiosity about them.
还有一个原因是教育者们恐怕逆反心理作祟提及毒品会让人对它更加好奇心.
curiosity:好奇心
For a time towards the end of last season, Liverpool briefly looked English football's boom town once again.
回到上赛季结尾，利物浦这座城市似乎又换发第二春了。
end:结尾
"This is hardly known in the West," Huguai "to stimulate a strong curiosity in the West town, the lakeside town of tourism boom is therefore unusual.
这在西方几乎家喻户晓的“湖怪”刺激着好奇心心强的西方人蜂拥而至，湖边的小镇旅游业因此兴旺异常。
curiosity:好奇心
God functions as a kind of booster for the absoluteness of self.
作为一个助推器的一种绝对的自己上帝职能。
self:自己
Goji is touted as an immune booster and often used to treat erectile dysfunction, inflammation, skin irritation, nose bleeds, aches and pains.
枸杞被吹捧为一种“免疫助推器”和常用于治疗男性勃起功能障碍，炎，皮肤刺激，鼻出血，疼痛。
inflammation:炎
NASA crashed an empty rock booster into the moon to see if water - ice crystals were at the south pole.
NASA将一枚空岩助推器撞向月亮，以探测在月亮南极是否存在水冰晶体。
moon:月亮
The Ares I - X towers 327 feet (100 meters) above Launch Pad 39B, a launching site that until recently was used to fly space shuttles, and has been converted for the new booster.
屹立在39B发射台上的战神I-X火箭塔高327脚（约100米），这个发射场此前一直被用于航天飞机发射，现在已被转用于新的助推器。
feet:脚
MD is between 16 and 65 feet wide and is in a very Earthlike orbit around the sun, which made astronomers wonder if it was a stray rocket booster left over from a previous space mission.
MD宽约16至65脚，像地球绕日一样绕着太阳运动，这使得天文学家猜测它是否是之前太空任务中遗弃的火箭助推器。
feet:脚
This file must contain the path to each activation script, and ordering rules for when it executes at boot.
这个文件必须包含每个激活脚本的路径，以及在开机时它所执行的顺序规则。
boot:开机
Because you are not configuring this DHCP server to perform dynamic addressing, it will respond to the boot requests from your LPARs without interfering with normal DHCP operation on the network.
因为没有将这个DHCP服务器配置为动态寻址，所以它将响应来自LPARs的引导请求，并且不影响在网络上进行正常的DHCP操作。
LPARs:LPARs
Having the operating system boot from SAN storage simplifies this, because you only have to replace the server; your OS and applications are saved on the SAN.
从SAN开机操作系统可以简化这些问题，因为您只需要替换服务器即可；您的操作系统和应用程序都保存在SAN 上。
boot:开机
For this step, each node must be booted using the PXE network boot option in the BIOS.
对于这个步骤，每个节点都必须在BIOS中使用PXE网络开机选项来开机。
boot:开机
It may be that using this technique makes little improvement for some systems, while for others, it could have a dramatic impact on boot speed.
对于某些系统来说，使用这种方法可能只会有很小的改进，但对于其他的系统，它可能会显著地影响引导速度。
others:其他的
I walk through some of the major functions in the boot chain and explain what's happening.
我们将介绍开机链中的几个主要函数，并解释一下到底在进行什么操作。
boot:开机
Don't allow your boots to overhang the edges of the board, otherwise your toe or heel will drag in the snow, and possibly cause your board to lose an edge, a situation known as "boot - out ."
不要让你的靴子悬在板边缘的，否则你的脚或脚跟会拖在雪地里，并可能导致失去您的电路板边缘，被称为局势的“开机了。”
boot:开机
As in previous bubbles, value came to rely on the perception of value itself: growth pulling itself up by its own leveraged bootstraps.
与前几场泡沫一样，价值开始依赖于对价值本身的感觉：生长依靠自己本身的杠杆作用提升自己。
growth:生长
For example, Chromebooks boot up faster and claim to have a much longer battery life than traditional laptops.
例子Chrome笔记本的启动速度更快，其电池续航时间据称也长于传统笔记本。
example:例子
Improvements have been made all around such as faster system boot up times.
改良的部份已经完成制作，而主要话题更环绕于系统快速开机。
boot:开机
If your computer doesn't boot up or at least prompt you to ask whether to boot up with CD - ROM drive, you need to change the boot up sequence setting in your BIOS.
如果您的电脑没有开机，或者至少会提示您是否开机与CD-ROM驱动器，您需要更改开机设定次序在您的BIOS 。
boot:开机
When REM guitarist Peter Buck attacked two cabin staff during a 2002 British Airways flight from Seattle to Heathrow, it was seen initially as a case of a boozed up rock star behaving badly.
这是关于快速眼动乐队的吉他手彼得•勃克（PeterBuck）2002年在英国航空一架从西雅图到伦敦的班机上袭击两名乘务员。起初它是一宗关于烂醉的摇滚明星行为恶劣的案件。
REM:快速眼动
I heard on the radio the other day that the origin of the phrase “drunk as a lord ” came from a time when the aristocracy were the ones with the time and money to get boozy.
又有一天，我在广播里听到，“drunkasalord”（酩酊大醉）这一短语源于那些特定时期——在那时，贵族总是把时间和金钱花费在买醉上面。
ones:那些
1959 - The Day The Music Died: A plane crash kills rock -and-roll performers Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, and The Big Bopper.
1959年的今天，音乐丧生的日子：一架飞机碰撞造成传统摇滚乐演奏家巴迪·霍利、瑞奇·梵伦斯和“大波普”的丧生。
crash:碰撞
Long the villager that resides borderland people be frightened, the bloody flavour that a true soldier brings lets them do not have the courage to think the thing that will produce.
久居边陲的村民们都吓住了，一个真正的战士带来的血腥味道让我们他们不敢想将要发生的事情。
lets:让我们
This is a love story, one that is set in the world of the Silk Road beyond the borderland of a fictitious ancient feudal China.
这是一爱情故事，一发生在虚构的封建中国边陲之古丝路世界的爱情故事。
one:一
During this inspection, the two sides will check and confirm their borderline, and renew the boundary markers.
本次联合检查期间，双方将对边缘位置进行实地查看确认，并更换界碑。
borderline:边缘
Though I came of age in the 1960s when the borderline between “teacher ” and“ student ” became perilously porous, I am not that kind of teacher.
虽然我经历过20世纪60年代——那个“教师”和“学生”间的界线再非牢不可破的年代，我并不是种类老师。
kind:种类
Some experiences turn you on and capture your attention, while others turn you off or bore you to tears.
你的有些经历将你充满动力，抓住你的注意力，同时，其他的事情让你萎靡不振，让你无聊到死。
others:其他的
Derricks would rise as much as 180 feet above the borehole.
吊杆会升到到高达钻孔上方180脚。
feet:脚
Every man loves two women; the one is the creation of his imagination, and the other is not yet born.
每个男人会爱上两人女人：一是他想象的产物，另一则还没有出生。
one:一
In the bosom of such as these the spirit dwells in rhythmic silence.
在这些人的胸中，精神生活在安静的节奏里。
silence:安静
"My little Pearl ," said Hester, after a moment's silence," the green letter, and on thy childish bosom, has no purport.
“我的小珠儿，”海丝特安静了一会儿之后说，“那绿色的字母，在你童稚的胸口是没有意义的。
silence:安静
In the U.S., meanwhile, BOT schemes backed by foreign firms may become political mine fields.
而在美国，外国公司支持的机器人项目也可能成为政治雷区。
BOT:机器人
BHA Cell Differential Agent is extracted through botanic extraction technology of Japan macromolecule energy. It is a kind of esculent products with very strong ability to differentiate melanocyte.
BHA细胞分化剂，由日本高分子能量植物萃取技术方法萃取，可食用的产品，有极强的分化黑色素细胞能力。
extraction:萃取
One of many primitive plants on Fraser Island, this Banksia was named in honor of British botanist Joseph Banks, who visited Australia's east coast in 1770 on a voyage with Captain James Cook.
这种山龙眼（Banksia）是为了纪念英国植物学家约瑟夫·班克斯（JosephBanks）而命名。他于1770年和詹姆斯·库克船长一起航程，参观了澳大利亚的西海岸。
voyage:航程
Of course none of that matters if you try it yourself and botch the job; in that case the $17 you saved may pale in comparison to the multiples more you’ll need to spend in repairs.
如果你自己换的话自然没有任何这些事了，不过如果你更换电池过程中出现了损坏iPhone的情况，那你省下来的17美元与在维修手机上花的钱相比就微不足道了。
none:没有任何
Each day, the students detailed their most bothersome failure, the strategies they used to cope with the failure and how they felt at the end of the day.
每天，学生们都会详细的记录下令人烦恼的挫败，这也是他们处理失败的策略，同时还会详细记录一天结尾后的感觉。
end:结尾
But for patients who have trouble getting back to sleep, “there are many effective options, and patients almost always end up with less bothersome symptoms once they choose to do something, ” he said.
而对于那些受此影响睡觉不着觉的人来说，“也有很多有效地治疗手段，而病人们选择一些方案进行治疗后，常常会摆脱这些烦人的症状。”
sleep:睡觉
The solution is not bottled water. The solution is developing high quality public water systems that can provide inexpensive water for everyone.
解决方案的办法不是瓶装水，而是建立高质量的公共供水系统，为每个人都提供廉价的饮用水。
solution:解决方案
Synchronized screw rod bottle separation and star-shaped disc transmission feed to achieve an absolute steady and high-speed rotation, and an easy and simplified operation.
螺杆分瓶、星盘同步传动的供料设计，使达到高速运转绝对稳定，而且手术容易简单。
operation:手术
The glass walls surrounding the larger room, up front, are different shades of bottle green.
在前面，大会议室周边的玻璃墙选用了带有多种遮蔽造型的深绿色的。
green:绿色的
The woods were carpets of green, with yellow green, bright green, bottle green, blue green and black green daubs, flecks, and patches.
丛林里满地都是绿色的，黄绿色的，鲜绿色的，深绿色的，青绿色的和墨绿色的的泥巴，斑点和斑块。
green:绿色的
Porperties: Bottle green crystal or crystalline powder, with gunmetal shine, without smell, solve in water, ethanol and chloroform, insolve in aether, water liquor is blue.
性状：深绿色结晶的或结晶的性粉末，带青铜光泽，无气味，溶于水、乙醇、氯仿；不溶于乙醚，水溶液为蓝色。
crystalline:结晶的
Deep processing of green - maize and its re lated food more and more is concerned by people. But green - maize seed- husking and crushing is a bottle neck to obstruct its developmenting.
青玉米的深加工及其相关食品的开发越来越受到人们的关注，但青玉米的脱粒、破碎却一直是阻碍其发展中的瓶颈。
developmenting:发展中
The data can be read quickly (from a flat file, for example), but there is a potential bottleneck in the transformation process or the destination.
能够快速读取数据（例子，从纯文本文件），但是在传输过程或者目的地存在潜在的瓶颈。
example:例子
Some people go 20 or 30 years without having a bottom in their lives and one day look back and see the wreckage of their past.
一些人经历了20或者30年都没有达到人生的底线，当有一天他们回想时，会看到他们那残骸般的过去的。
past:过去的
In January, Bao Ding Seafood of New York issued a recall on their Boiled Horse Mackerel product because of its potential contamination with the clostridium botulinum bacterium that causes Botulism.
1月份，纽约BaoDing海鲜公司因为其经煮制的竹荚鱼可能被肉毒杆菌污染而宣布记起这些产品，食用被肉毒杆菌感染的食品会造成肉毒中毒。
recall:记起
It's another fun -filled day as Barney and the children make visit to some of the local businesses, including Cannoli's Bakery, Bouffant's Barbar shop, the PB&J cafe and Green's Grocery.
这是一个充满欢乐的日子，因为班尼要带小朋友访问各种不同行业的店铺，包括面包店、理发店、露天茶座和杂货店。
visit:访问
Vitamin salesperson, if you did all of this I would have bought something from you.
维他命销售员先生，如果你把这些都做了，我会从你那买些东西。
Vitamin:维他命
He advises that we protect ourselves from salt deficiency by drinking 2 cups of bouillon every day, which would not sit well with those who advise limiting salt intake to prevent high blood pressure.
他建议我们为了避免体内不足碘，可以每天喝两杯牛肉清汤，这与认为减少盐类摄入可以预防高血压的观点有些不符。
deficiency:不足
According to the National Snow and Ice Data Center at the University of Colorado at Boulder, September sea ice was 39 percent below the long - term average from 1979 to 2000.
据美国科罗拉多大学博尔德分校国家冰雪数据研究中心的统计资料显示，今年9月的北极海冰面积比1979年至2000年的平均的低39%。
average:平均的
In this paper, Mg: LiTaO3 single crystals were grown by the Czochraski method using intermediate frequency heating, and as-grown boules had no macroscopic and had good optical homogeneity.
本文采用掺杂MgO的方法提高晶体的抗光致散射能力，从中频加热炉中生长出无明显宏观的缺陷、光学均匀性好的同成分Mg：LiTaO3单晶。
macroscopic:宏观的
The address was a giant old apartment building on Hollywood Boulevard, the kind of place where starlets lived in the ’30s, but now it was the cheapest sort of flophouse.
那是好莱坞星光大道上一座外形高大的老式公寓楼，似乎是30年代小明星们的住处，而如今却是种类最廉价的低级住所。
kind:种类
Avoiding XML parsing at insert time can be a performance benefit, especially in CPU - bound systems.
避免在插入时进行XML解析对性能有益，对于中央处理器-bound 型系统尤其如此。
CPU:中央处理器
Then, during compilation, we can determine a finite bound on the set of legal instantiations and simply generate class files for all instantiations in this bound.
然后，在汇编期间，我们可以对一组合法的实例化确定有限界限，并且仅为该界限中的所有实例化生成类文件。
compilation:汇编
The difference in environments is that this one had the interrupt processing for each Ethernet adapter bound to a CPU on the node in which the adapter resides.
这两个环境之间的差异是，这个环境将每个以太网适配器的中断处理绑定到适配器所在的节点上的一CPU。
one:一
And when I am on the curve I am on the boundary of the surface, so there is a direction along the surface that is the curve and the other one is pointing into the surface.
当我在曲线上时，我是在曲面的边上的，所以一是沿着曲面的边指，那个就是曲线的定向,另外一就要指向曲面里面的那个方向。
one:一
This would allow developers who prefer dynamic typing to use it inside C# and in the meantime would leave the language static at the assembly boundary level for safety.
这会允许喜欢动态类型的开发者在C#中使用它，同时，因为安全的原因，在程序集边界级别上会保持语言是静止的的。
static:静止的
Jordan is one of the best all around players ever as he was a scoring machine, a solid re- bounder and passer and a great defensive player.
乔丹是我所见过的最好的球员之一，他在计分、篮板、助攻、防守方面的造诣和成绩几乎无人能望其项背。
scoring:计分
The maverick bounty hunter is garbed in rough leather chaps, wild spurs, worn - out leather boots and rusty weapon chin guards.
“在星球大战的环境里”他说“特立独行的赏金猎人穿粗革皮裤，旧皮靴，配不羁的马刺队，戴生锈的武器防罩。
spurs:马刺队
Before we get to a breakdown of “The Body and the Bounty, ” I want to bring two quotes from this episode up to the forefront of the discussion.
在我们来详细分析“尸体与赏金”这一集之前，我想在讨论前从这一集中引号两段话。
quotes:引号
To combat the Decepticon bounty hunter, he upgrades his body to its ultimate limit, adding weapons and armor until nothing Lockdown can do will stop him.
为了对付这个霸天虎赏金猎手，他尽最大限度地将自身武装起来，强化武器装备并提升盔甲机能，直到禁闭对他束手无策。
armor:盔甲
This plan nearly failed due to yet another bounty hunter, this one named Cypher Bos, who tried to capture Han Solo.
由于另一赏金猎人赛弗尔•博斯企图抓住汉•索罗，这个计划差点失败。
one:一
He's such a romantic that he'd arranged for a big bouquet of flowers to arrive before him.
他是个很浪漫的的人，事先安排好的花束在他抵达之前就出现在我面前了。
romantic:浪漫的
There was a tombstone made of rose granite, adorned by an American flag and a bouquet of plastic flowers.
一个由玫瑰色的花朵岗岩做成的墓碑，插着美国国旗和一束塑料花朵。
flowers:花朵
And if you ’re leaning toward John McCain, it ’s all about kicking back with a bourbon and a stuffed crust pizza while you watch the Democrats fight it out next week in Pennsylvania.
嗯要是倾向麦凯恩那你就该拿上波旁威士忌和硬皮比萨旁观民主党在宾州初选相互厮杀.
pizza:比萨
Or if I can put the case for them slightly anachronistically, these are two sons of the upper bourgeois who feel degraded by the mendacity and hypocrisy of the world they see around them.
或如果我将他们,稍微错置于其它时间，他们是上层中产阶级的两名儿子,他们觉得,因为虚伪和虚伪而降尊了,因那充斥着他们周围所见的世界。
hypocrisy:虚伪
Bourgeois dignity may well hold the key to this Indian puzzle, but it needs to find expression within the bounds of the country's constitutional system.
资产阶级的尊严很有可能就是破解印度这个谜的钥匙，但它必须在这个国家的宪法体制框架内找到表达方式。
puzzle:谜
Perhaps the most surprising bout of consolidation and revival, however, has been in Latin America.
或许最令人惊讶的合并与复兴的较量是在拉丁美洲。
revival:复兴
If you're recovering from a more serious bout of cold or flu, graduallyease back into exercise after at least two weeks of rest.
如果你正从一场严重的感冒或流感恢复过来，你至少应该在休息二周后才能再出去锻炼，不要心急。
exercise:锻炼
He refused to bow to the demands of the "censor -morons" as he had for the publication of his first novel, The White Peacock.
像出版物第一本小说《白孔雀》时那样，他拒绝向那些“低能审查者”低头，去迎合他们的要求。
publication:出版物
But I, by your great mercy, will come into your house; in reverence will I bow down toward your holy temple.
至于我，我必凭你丰盛的慈爱进入你的居所。我必存尊敬你的心向你的圣殿下拜。
reverence:尊敬
The year before when paying a visit to the porcelain exhibition at the French National Museum of Asian Arts reopened after the restoration he bowed respectfully to the exhibits there.
前年巴黎集美博物馆（即法国国立亚洲艺术博物馆）修复竣工重新开放，希拉克在访问瓷器馆时，对着展品毕恭毕敬地鞠躬。
visit:访问
He ’ll swallow both of these substances and they ’ll collect in his bowel until birth.
他将吞咽这两种物质把它们存储在肠里直到诞生。
birth:诞生
Chronic inflammation, whether from an irritated bowel disease, inflamed gums, or an autoimmune disease, weakens the arteries in both the heart and the head.
慢性炎，无论是来自一种令人恼火的肠道疾病，牙炎，或自身免疫性疾病，削弱了在心脏和头部两者间的动脉。
inflammation:炎
Meconium is accumulating in her bowel and will become her first dirty diaper after birth.
胎便正在她的肠内累积，这将成为她诞生后第一次排出的物质。
birth:诞生
The males defend their bower against opportunistic thieves and wait for females to inspect their creations.
男性提防着投机者对其屋舍的觊觎，得带雌性前来视察他们的创造。
males:男性
Introduce a cheeky dash of colour to contrast against a charcoal grey like this Moschino man with his burgundy bowler hat, matching gloves and handkerchief.
加入一点鲜艳的色彩来反衬深灰色的，就像这个莫斯奇诺男模：他戴着一顶紫红色圆顶高礼帽，搭配与之相衬的手套和手帕。
grey:灰色的
Jeff Thompson once bowled a ball that was calculated to be at least 160 kms per hour which makes him the fastest bowler of all time.
杰夫·汤普森的一次投球的速度至少在160公里数/每小时，这使他成为空前最快的板球投手。
kms:公里数
We knew whole scenes by heart, like the end of Flying Deuces, when Hardy is killed in a plane crash and then reincarnated as a horse with a black mustache and a bowler hat.
我们用心理解整个场景，像飞行追杀令的结尾，当哈代死于飞机碰撞，转世成为一个具有黑髭和圆帽的马。
crash:碰撞
Human laughter has robust roots in our animalian past, "said jack panksepp, a professor of psychobiology at bowling green state university in ohio ."
美国俄亥俄州保令·格林州立大学的神经生物学家杰克·潘克塞普表示：人类笑声的历史深深植根于我们的动物史。
laughter:笑声
Methods To perform an operation on 13 patients of 16 eyes who suffer from enophthalmos caused by bowl-out fracture of orbit.
方法眼眶爆裂性断裂引起眼球内陷的13例（16眼）进行手术治疗。
fracture:断裂
Preheat skillet, add oil. Bring to a boil over strong heat. Whisk eggs again. Hold mixing bowl over skillet and let the egg mixture trickle in, forming crisp droplets.
锅热后加入油，大火让油迅速熬，柴鸡蛋再次搅拌，将碗放至下巴高度，倾斜让蛋汁细细地流入油锅中，形成一朵朵蛋酥。
boil:熬
Now, carefully tip the bowl forward over a bucket. A few cups of water will flow out, and hopefully also the lost item.
现在，把马桶里面的东西倒到桶里，几杯子水流出来，还有你希望找到的的掉进去的物品。
cups:杯子
This inside - out version of Bow Tie Lacing is used by the British, Dutch, French and Brazilian armies (and possibly others).
这里面出版本领结花边所使用的英国，荷兰，法国和巴西军队（和其他的） 。
others:其他的
We passed the box from student to student, each one holding it to his ear to tell us what he heard.
我们将盒子交给一又一学生，让每个学生都把盒子放在耳边，告诉我们听到了什么。
one:一
This paper describes a method of suppressing correlation jamming at the frequency of reference signal which cannot be suppressed by lock -in amplifier and Boxcar integrator.
锁放大器和取样积分器都不能抑制与参考信号同频率的干扰。本文提出了一种能抑制这种干扰的方法。
lock:锁
"If it is an inventory product, if it is a real boxed product with real value, there are always concerns about the security of that product," he said.
埃洛普还说"如果这是一个存货产品，如果它是一个真正具有实际价值的盒装产品，那总要考虑它的安全问题。"
inventory:存货
She also creates a message flow that returns from the pool by dragging the connection handle from the pool onto the Receive Boxed Game Units activity.
她还通过将连接手柄从池拖放到Receive Boxed Game Units活动上来创建一个从池返回的消息流动。
flow:流动
This is what heavyweight boxer George Foreman faced when his boxing career was coming to an end.
这就是重量级拳击手乔治福尔曼在职业生涯快要结尾时面临的问题。
end:结尾
First, bind the edit box in which users type stock tickers to the element in the request document that contains stock ticker data.
首先，将用户在其中键入证券报价机的编辑框绑定到包含证券报价机数据的要求文档中的元素。
request:要求
After an option is chosen, the cook can pull it into a blank box in the queue and adjust for flavor, cooking time, and the like.
选项一个选项后，厨师可以在队列中将它拉成一个空白框，并且调整口味、烹调时间，等等。
option:选项
If you haven’t opened the box in that time, donate it to your local charity, lock stock and barrel.
如果在那时候你还没有打开箱子,把它捐给慈善机构机构,卖掉或者扔了。
charity:慈善机构
This example has a text box in which the user can type the file name for example purposes, but the file name could just as easily be supplied in the query string.
为了进行演示，这个示例使用了一个可供用户键入文件名的文本框，但是可以在询问字符串中轻松地提供文件名。
query:询问
I saw her going to a nearby post- box before lunch.
我看到她在午餐前去了一个附近的邮筒。
lunch:午餐
I saw her going to a near -by post- box before lunch.
我看到她午餐前去附近的信箱投信。
lunch:午餐
Has analyzed the FIR digit filter's basic principle, designs the FIR low pass filter under the MATLAB environment using the window box number, has realized the low pass FIR filter's design simulation.
分析了FIR数字滤波器的基本原理，在MATLAB环境下利用窗函数设计FIR低通滤波器，实现了FIR低通滤波器的设计模拟。
simulation:模拟
But the French had cause for celebration this summer when the nostalgic movie "Amelie" took more at the French box office than "Pearl Harbour" and "The Mummy Returns".
今年夏天，法国怀旧影片《艾米丽》在其本土的票房成绩超过了好莱坞大片《珍珠港》和《木乃伊Ⅱ》，这可值得法国好好庆典一番。
celebration:庆典
Despite rapid growth in digital projectors and 3D-capable screens, the proportion of total box -office spending that goes on 3D has dropped this summer (see chart).
尽管数字放映机和3D荧幕的数量在不断生长，但今年夏天3D电影在总票房的比重却有所下降。
growth:生长
Fitted with ebony, rosewood or boxwood three different kinds of sets.
配件有乌木、花梨木和黄杨木三种不同装配。
rosewood:花梨木
The contest's website features photos of a young girl in a bikini and fairy wings and a boy wearing just shorts and makeup, smiling at the audience in a typical '90s boy band stance.
女孩穿比基尼带精灵翅膀，男孩着短裤，化妆品，冲着观众微笑，典型的90后男生姿势。
makeup:化妆品
If everyone votes for him anyway, will he persist with his boycott?
如果每个人都投票选他，他会坚持联合抵制的主张吗？
boycott:联合抵制
He told FOX News Sunday that he does not favor a total boycott of the games, but would like to see athletes make their views known in Beijing.
齐克在星期天播出的福克斯电视新闻节目上说，他不支持全面联合抵制奥运会的做法，但是他愿意运动员向北京表明自己的观点。
boycott:联合抵制
While others, like your boyfriend, can take them or leave them because they feel loved in other ways.
而对其他的人比如你的男友来说可能就无所谓，因为他们在其他的方面感受爱。
others:其他的
He retained a great deal of the reserve for which his boyhood was remarkable; and that served to repress all startling demonstrations of feeling.
他还预订不少在他童年时就很显著的缄默，这种缄默刚好能压抑情感的一切令人吃惊的表现。
reserve:预订
The racer left court shortly before lunch to return to Bristol, where his wife Georgina has just given birth to their third child - a boy called Cassius.
这位赛车手只在午休前出庭了一小会儿，马上奔赴布里斯托尔，探望娇妻乔治娜和他们刚诞生的第三个娃——男孩，名叫卡修斯。
birth:诞生
Just before the end of the Cub Scout program I took them all to a Boy Scout meeting to see how it was and help them make the final yes or no decision to continue on in the Scouting program.
在幼年童子军计划要结尾的前夕我把他们待到了一个童子军会议上，想让他们亲身感受一下，以便帮助他们对是否继续童子军之路做出决定。
end:结尾
On its cover, for example, New York magazine ran a fake photo of Bozo the Clown sitting in the Oval Office with a headline, "Ladies and Gentlemen, the President of the United States ."
例子，《纽约》杂志当年就曾在封面上刊登一幅褪色的照片，照片里的小丑巴左（Bozo）端坐在（象征总统权力的）椭圆形办公室里，上面有一个标题：女士们，先生们，我就是美国总统。
example:例子
Br. had scavenging effects on the DPPH· free radical, whereas the 95% ethanol extract was the most appropriate extract.
结论：手掌参不同溶剂提炼物均有清除自由基活性，其中，95%乙醇提炼物清除自由基活性最强。
extract:提炼
Congratulations - you can now try to unhook a bra on a real woman.
恭喜你！你现在能够试着在一个真正的女人身上解开胸罩了！
Congratulations:恭喜
I would be on crutches for a couple of months and in a soft leg brace after that.
我还需要拄几个月拐杖，之后我要戴一个柔软的大腿支撑。
brace:支撑
The brace allows movement but supports the ligaments while they heal.
支撑是可以活动的，但其只支撑到韧带愈合的时候。
brace:支撑
Here we have an internal brace which prevents the tissues from stretching but still allows you to mobilise the joint with some confidence.
说到这，我们会有一个内部支撑架防止组织被拉长，但是它仍然允许你信心地活动你的关节。
confidence:信心
So the open curly brace followed by the closed curly brace means everything inside of these curly braces should get executed, but only if that first condition is actually true.
所以左花大括号后面跟着,右花大括号，这意味着花大括号里面所有的代码,都应该是要被执行的，但只有当第一个条件是正确的。
braces:大括号
Suddenly real fear clutched at him. Someone had come and abducted her. Or had Tom come to find her? But the bracelet?
突然，一种真正的害怕袭上他的心头，一定是有人拐走了她，或者是汤姆来找她的？可是，手镯又怎么讲呢？
fear:害怕
As the relief effort in flood - hit Pakistan intensified Monday, officials were bracing themselves for an outbreak of disease among the millions affected by the country's worst deluge in 80 years.
由于洪水袭击，巴基斯坦救援工作周一正在加紧进行。这是该国80年来最严重的洪灾，官员正在防备在百万人中暴发疾病的可能。
outbreak:暴发
Treachery runs in their blood. Before the Andals came to Westeros, House Bracken ruled this river. We were kings and the Blackwoods were our vassals, but they betrayed us and usurped the crown.
在安达尔人来到维斯特洛之前，布雷肯家族就统治着这片土地，我们是国王而他们是我们的封臣，但是他们背信弃义了我们并且篡夺了王位。
Treachery:背信弃义
How still the trees were, with their crinkly, innumerable twigs against the sky, and their grey, obstinate trunks rising from the Brown bracken!
那些树木是多么静穆，无数皱巴巴的的树枝向天空上伸，灰色的树干，倔强地从棕争的蕨草丛中直立！
crinkly:皱巴巴的
So for example, tags like or must have a closing bracket as shown in Listing 8, taken from the above JSP.
所以，例子，从上面的JSP接受的如或这样的标记必须有一个闭括号，如清单8 所示。
example:例子
All binary operators except. (period) and ((left parenthesis) and [(left bracket) should be separated from their operands by a space.
所有的二元操作符,除了.(点)和((左插入语)和 [(左方插入语)应用空格将其与操作数隔开。
parenthesis:插入语
For example, he asks: “Don't put any spaces before or after the left bracket or before the right bracket.
例子，他问道：“不要在左括号前后或右括号前面放置任何空格。
example:例子
Symbolism was essential to premodern religion, because it was only possible to speak about the ultimate reality? God, Tao, Brahman or Nirvana? analogically, since it lay beyond the reach of words.
象征主义是前现代宗教的重要组成成分，由于只能通过类比的方法来谈论终极现实——上帝、道、婆罗门或涅磐——因为它存在于语言文字无法抵达的地方。
reach:抵达
This fear is the result of thought, and Brahman is the product of thought, too.
这害怕是思想的结果，而婆罗门也是思想的产物。
fear:害怕
By releasing the desires in one's heart, one may be liberated in immortality, reaching Brahman.
释放的欲望在一人的心，一可能是解放不死，达到婆罗门。
one:一
Further studies confirmed that that knowledge and reason have a "braided" relationship, meaning they feed off each other.
进一步学习证实，知性和理性有一种 “辫状交叉”关系，就是说他们相互依存。
studies:学习
Today, husband rock (the strong, silent type at 30 feet high) and wife rock are still yoked together in the Pacific Ocean by 100 feet of braided rice straw, which is replaced three times a year.
直到今天，相距100脚的夫石（巍峨肃静，高30脚）和妻石仍然以稻米杆编成的绳索而缠绕在一起，这些绳索每年更换一次。
feet:脚
For 150 years, Braille books were designed to function as much as possible like print books.
150年来，布莱叶盲文书籍设计的功能尽可能做到与打印图书相同。
print:打印
The culprit in brain damage may not be a lack of oxygen but rather its reintroduction into the body.
脑损伤的原因也许不是因为缺少氧气，而是因为氧气重新进入病人身体。
lack:缺少
Safe levels of human exposure vary widely, but on top of things like brain damage and birth defects, some have also been linked to cancer.
人们接触在农药下的安全浓度因人而异，但是由此产生的严重后果除了脑损伤和生育缺陷外，据信还会引发癌症。
exposure:接触
Today, determination of “brain death ” is used in all 50 states to pronounce patients dead.
如今，全美50个州要宣布某人死亡，均使用“决心为脑死亡”的说法。
determination:决心
Overall, there was a lack of knowledge by Korean health professionals surrounding brain death and the organ procurement process.
大体上在韩国的健康专业人员，缺少关于脑死及器官劝募过程的知识。
lack:缺少
Lots of brainy female graduates enter the job market each year.
地段的聪明的女性毕业生每年都进入劳动力市场。
Lots:地段
BRAINY babes find it harder to have an orgasm – because they are too busy thinking, a study claims.
一项研究表明，聪明的女性很难获得高潮，因为她们太忙于思维了。
thinking:思维
According to a new study, women prefer brainy, creative men to jock types when looking for long-term relationships and one- night stands.
一项最新研究表明,女人在选择长期关系或者一夜情的对象是更倾向于聪明的,有创造力的男人. 而不是那些"肌肉男".
brainy:聪明的
I suddenly pressed the brake pedal hard and we were both thrown forward.
我突然用力踩紧制动踏板，结果我俩的身体都向前冲去。
brake:制动
Eating a meal made with "slow - release" carbohydrates, such as oatmeal or bran cereal, before you exercise may help you burn more fat, suggests a recent study in the Journal of Nutrition.
营养学杂志近期发布一项研究，结果表明锻炼之前吃富含“发布缓慢”碳水化合物的一餐，比如燕麦或麸麦片,可以帮你燃烧更多脂肪。
release:发布
The starch which is left is no longer slowed down by the fiber in the bran, making it a fast sugar which also causes a rise in blood sugar and a subsequent insulin response.
去麸皮后，不能再让麸皮中的纤维放慢剩下的淀粉的释放的速度，剩下的淀粉成为一种快糖，它也可以引起血糖上升和一系列的胰岛素反应。
rise:上升
The paper introduces the concept of curve following turnout branch line, the confirmation of head and end, the chord offset calculation of points, the measuring steps in the field.
文章介绍了道岔附带曲线的概念及头尾的确定，各各积分支距的计算和现场测设步骤，并确定了拨道整正方法。
points:积分
eSATA External Serial ATA is a branch off of the Serial ATA interface that connects your hard drive to your computer if it was put together in the last couple of years.
eSATA外部串行ATA是串行ATA界面的一个分支，用来连接硬盘到电脑，如果是最近几年的推出的新硬盘的话。
interface:界面
Now that you have a clean way to retrieve the list of courses and maintain that data in a context variable managed by Seam, it is time to branch off from the course listing.
既然已经清楚检索课程列表以及在Seam托管的语境变量中维护该值的方法， 下面研究课程列表以外的内容。
context:语境
Once you have your company logo developed, it is tempting to branch out and extend it so that it looks different for different purposes.
一旦你有你的公司标识的发展，这是很诱人科列和延伸，以便使它看起来不同，各有其用途。
logo:标识
Messrs. Wu and Wong met in early 2008 when Mr. Wu was looking for space to house ICBC's New York outlet after the bank received federal approval to branch out into the U. S.
吴斌与Proctor Wong相识于2008年初，当时工商银行已获美国联邦政府赞同可在美国开展业务，吴斌正在为筹建工商银行的纽约分行寻址。
approval:赞同
Got any branding tips you'd like to share? Post them in the comments below.
想记下任何你想分享的品牌尖端么？那么将他们贴到评论下。
tips:尖端
The waiter took the brandy bottle and another saucer from the counter inside the cafe and marched out to the old man's table.
服务员从餐馆里的柜台上拿了一瓶白兰地和另一个茶托，大步走了出来，送到老人桌上。
waiter:服务员
Objective: To study the effective fraction of the extract of seeds of Brassica alba, which inhibits experimental mice prostatic hyperplasia.
目的：研究白芥子提炼物对实验性小鼠前列腺增生的抑制作用及有效药用部位。
extract:提炼
Japanese lingerie manufacture Triumph International (Japan) introduced the brassiere to lift the interest of Japanese people in elections and politics.
日本内衣生产黛安芬国际（日本）介绍了胸罩解除对政治选举和日本人民的利益。
manufacture:生产
Hearingtones and chords as he painted, Kandinsky theorized that, for examples, yellow is the color of middle - C on a piano, a brassy trumpet blast;
听力和弦铃声和他画，康定斯基的理论，为例子，黄色是色彩中，C对钢琴，一个黄铜小号爆破；
blast:爆破
That poor brat, I remember, and I seem to see him now, when he lay nude on the dissecting table, how his ribs stood out on his skin like the graves beneath the grass in a cemetery.
这可怜的小娃娃，我还记得，好象就在眼前一样，当他赤身露体躺在解剖桌上时，皮下肋骨突出，好象公墓草丛下的坟穴。
cemetery:公墓
The damned little brat must be protected against her own idiocy, one says to one’s self at such times.
在这种时候，谁都会叮咛自己，无论这个可恶的小鬼做出任何白痴的举动，也要违背她的意愿来保护她。
idiocy:白痴
No, it is more like pure respect for those men and boys who marched to their deaths with such bravery.
不，这种感觉更像是对那些以如此巨大勇气走向死亡人数的男人和男孩纯粹的尊敬。
deaths:死亡人数
There is none of Kennedy’s “by the end of the decade ” bravura about the announcements from Beijing.
北京方面宣布的计划并根本没有任何当年肯尼迪的“到本年代末”那样的磅礴气势。
none:没有任何
I didn't have a clue about what Jim was saying, and I'm not sure Mr. Coe did either, but at the end of his bravura performance I got my grade changed.
吉姆说的那些，我是一点儿头绪都没有，而且我敢肯定，科埃先生也没有，但当他那潇洒漂亮的解题结尾后，我的成绩改了过来。
end:结尾
Fat and muscle, for example, respond differently to shifts in diet, so the same intake will have one effect on a podgy person and another on a brawny one.
例子，脂肪和肌肉对饮食变化的反应不尽相同，所以同样的饮食摄入对矮胖的人和瘦高健壮的人产生的影响是不一样的。
example:例子
Without doubt the saddest moment in the history of Brazilian football was met by an eerie, haunting silence in the gigantic stadium.
巨大的球场陷入了一种怪异的寂静，这无疑是巴西足球史上最伤心的时刻，让人无法忘却。
eerie:怪异
It is a moot point but there is an argument in health and safety law that failing to cancel the match carries an exposure to risk and is a breach of the law.
这是一个没有定论的问题，在健康与安全法中也有这样一个争论，无力取消比赛将会使危险接触出来，而且，这也违反了法律。
exposure:接触
And on top of the operational costs there is the unquantifiable cost of a data breach.
而在运营成本之上的则是一个无法量化的数据违反的代价。
breach:违反
“There is no short-term solution, if that is the expectation on the US to fill the breach ,” Rizzo said yesterday. Supplies may remain tight through the rest of the 2010 - 2011 season, he said.
里佐昨天称“如果把希望寄托于美国能填补这一（供应）缺口的话，那短期内将没有解决方案方案”，供应紧张的局面将延续到2010-2011季度。
solution:解决方案
During the industrial action 11, 291 people were arrested and 8, 392 charged with offences such as breach of the peace and obstructing the highway.
在这次产业行动中有11291人被捕，8392人被控犯有诸如违反和平、阻碍公路的罪行。
breach:违反
During the night between last Wednesday and Thursday he was also sanctioned by Milan Municipal Police for breach of the public peace in broad city centre.
在上周三至周四他因在市中心区违反了公众安静而被米兰警察厅作出处罚。
breach:违反
Currently people who cause disruption at matches can be charged with breach of the peace, with a maximum one- year sentence.
目前，这些在比赛中引起冲突，并导致比赛中断的人可能被控以中断和平罪，最高刑期达到一年。
disruption:中断
This strategy works better with "bread and butter" demands, which are easier to meet than ideological ones.
这种策略性工作对“面包和黄油”的需求更有效，与意识形态方面的需要相比，这类需要更容易被满足。
demands:需要
I soon found my bread bin to be empty, and sank again into a morose meditation.
很快我的面包箱就空了，我再次陷入忧郁的的沉思之中。
morose:忧郁的
About a year from now, if all goes well, a box about the size of a loaf of bread will pop out of a rocket some 500 miles above the Earth.
大约一年之后，如果一切顺利，一个面包般尺寸的小方盒将会由火箭发射到距离地球500英里的太空中。
size:尺寸
Debug view now offers a breadcrumb which shows the current active debug context
Debug视图现在提供了breadcrumb（面包屑），显示了当前活动的debug语境
context:语境
Breadfruit is a far more abundant source of starch and so perhaps those ascending in the tropics will consider planting a breadfruit tree as another option in one's ascending garden.
面包果是一种远远更充足的淀粉源，因此也许热带的提升者们可以考虑以种植面包树为又一选择。
one:一
The problem with sequential development (for example, waterfall) is that it forces designers to take a depth - first rather than a breadth - first approach.
顺序开发（例子瀑布开发模式）的问题是，它强制设计人员采用深度优先而非广度优先方法。
example:例子
As one of his colleagues said, they make the laws but they’re the ones who break them.
正如他的那些同僚所说的，他们虽是制定法规的人，但也是违背法规的人。
ones:那些
Departments won't be able to break away from the pack to follow their own designs, for example.
例子，部门不能脱离遵循自己的设计这个圈子。
example:例子
Asynchronous processing enables a Web site to break away from the page -centric model, where every user request spawns a time -consuming page refresh.
异步加工支持Web站点脱离以页面为中心的模型，这种模型在收到每个用户请求时都会刷新页面。
processing:加工
The White House is increasing pressure on Russia to stop the escalating conflict in Georgia's breakaway province of South Ossetia.
白宫加紧施压，敦促俄罗斯停止在格鲁吉亚要求摆脱的南奥塞梯地区正在升级的冲突。
breakaway:摆脱
But there has been no response from Moscow, which has been bombing areas outside the perimeters of the breakaway Georgian province.
但是俄罗斯方面没有作出回应，并且一直在轰炸格鲁吉亚这个要求摆脱的省份周边的一些地区。
breakaway:摆脱
In South Africa a breakaway faction of theruling African National Congress, facing its first testat the polls, won many seats in by- electionsfor local councils across the country.
在南非，从执政的非洲国民大会摆脱出来的少数派在全国的特别选举中赢得了政务委员会的多数席位。
breakaway:摆脱
But Georgian officials are openly gleeful over Moscow's diplomatic isolation, as its friends decline to join the Kremlin in recognizing the independence of two breakaway Georgian regions.
不过，格鲁吉亚官员对莫斯科在外交上的隔离公开表示高兴，因为俄罗斯的友好国家拒绝跟克里姆林宫一道承认格鲁吉亚两个分离地区的独立。
isolation:隔离
After you have created a group, you can break down the distribution among all the groups by attaching the test scripts (the recordings) to these groups.
当您创建一个组后，您就能够通过将测试剧本（录制）附加到这些组上，分解所有组间的分配。
scripts:剧本
Rather than being caused by an overenthusiastic immune system, milk intolerance, for example, results from a lack of the enzyme the body needs to break down lactose, the main sugar in milk.
举例来说，不耐乳症不是由免疫系统的过分热情引起的，而是缺少一种酶的结果，而身体需要这种酶来分解牛奶中主要的糖——乳糖。
lack:缺少
Bacteria in our gut gobble up things like sugars and fatty acids, which they can break down either through respiration or fermentation.
我们直觉内的细菌通过呼吸或是发酵分解掉它们吞噬的东西，像糖、脂肪酸之类的。
gut:直觉
Poor people fret more about family breakdown because they see more of it than rich people do and its consequences, for them, are worse.
穷人烦恼家庭分解，因为他们比富人看到更多这类事情，而且对他们产生的后果更严重。
breakdown:分解
Enable collection of response time data: Select this option to activate response time breakdown collection.
激活收集响应事件数据：选项这个选项将激活响应时间分解的收集。
option:选项
If fact, asking this type of selfish question is usually a deal breaker in the end.
事实上会问这种自私的问题的人通常都是结尾一段关系的始作俑者。
end:结尾
And his Woodstock photograph hangs, poster - size, above Nick and Bobbi's breakfast table.
而他那张伍德斯托克的照片被放大成海报那么尺寸挂在尼克和波比家里，就在的早餐桌上面。
size:尺寸
As the husband works internationally, the closely knit family's schedule has a 19 - hour -a- day operating time stretching from breakfast at 7am to the end of the North American work day at 2am.
由于丈夫工作在国际上，紧密团结的大家庭的日程安排有19小时，每天工作时间从早餐伸展在凌晨二时至上午七时在北美工作一天结尾。
end:结尾
After a hearty breakfast of huevos rancheros -- a spicy omelette with chopped vegetables and ham -- and several more cups of coffee, it was time to head for the marina.
吃完了丰盛的早餐——辣煎蛋卷配蔬菜火腿碎——又喝了几杯子咖啡后，就到了出发钓鱼的时间。
cups:杯子
That means looking at every program and tax break in the budget – every single one – to find places to cut waste and save money.
这意味着我们要审视预算中的每个问题和减税计划——每一——找到问题所在，减少浪费，节约资金。
one:一
Finally, the testing team will work to push applications as close as possible to the breaking point to find latent bugs.
最后，测试团队将把应用程序尽可能接近地推向中断观点，以发现潜在的错误。
point:观点
But when you go to the safari parks, a tiger break loose of the cage and want to make you to be its lunch.
但是我们到野生动物园，一只老虎挣脱了笼，想要把你当成午餐的时候你怎么做？
cage:笼
And yet, neoliberalism is still the only language used by European politicians to confront the crisis and to face the social conflicts that will break out over the next few months.
然而，面对危机，面对未来几个月将爆发的社会冲突，欧洲政治家们唯一可以使用的说辞仍然是新新自由主义。
neoliberalism:新自由主义
We use our gills to get oxygen from the water, so fish can't breathe out of water.
我们是通过我们的鳃从水中吸取氧的，所以鱼离开水是无法呼吸的。
oxygen:氧
Creative expression of any kind (art, crafts, cooking, decorating, writing) can bring along a great deal of positive emotion.
任意一种创造性表达（艺术，手工艺，厨艺，装潢，写作）都可以带来许多积极的情绪。
decorating:装潢
He did not propose to lose his temper, but merely to be persistent and agreeable, and by a few questions bring around a mild understanding of some sort.
他不打算发脾气，只想保持和颜悦色，希望藉问这问那达成某种脾气的谅解。
temper:脾气
If we show him these figures, perhaps we can bring him around to our point of view.
如果我们拿这些数字给他看法，我们也许会说服他同意我们的观点。
view:看法
Having earlier indicated that he hoped to play on until the end of the year, injuries and Corinthians' early elimination from the Copa Libertadores prompted him to bring forward his retirement.
罗拉尔多与哥林多人的合同原本在今年年底到期，但是哥林多人早在新赛季的南美解放者杯上出局，再加上伤病的侵袭，罗拉尔多认为提前告别足坛“是时候了”。
Corinthians:哥林多人
For example, you could get one of those super hot girls from the bar, but is she someone you really want to bring home to mom?
例子，你可以从酒吧里找到一个非常性感的女孩，但这种女孩子真的是你想要带回家给妈妈看的吗？
example:例子
For example, one week you might bring in muffins for no reason.
例子，这个星期你可以毫无理由的带一些小松饼。
example:例子
To create means "to bring into being, to cause to exist" something each of us does daily.
创造的意思存在“使形成，使存在”——这存在我们每天都做的事情。
being:存在
We bring them into being, and in bringing them into being we construct them in whatever way it is that we construct them.
存在我们使它们形成的，而在使它们形成的过程中,我们以任何一种我们愿意的方式构造它。
being:存在
In that regard, let me assure you that we understand the urgency of an end to the fighting and that we are working around the clock to bring it into being.
在这方面，我愿向各位表明，我们认识到结尾这一冲突的紧迫性，我们正在夜以继日地努力实现该目标。
end:结尾
Lytro's camera produces files, like this one, where a user can click on an area to bring it into focus.
Lytro公司的相机产生的文件，就像这一，用户可以点击某一区域从而向这一区域聚焦。
one:一
We will move forward with ratification of the Test Ban Treaty, and work with others to bring the treaty into force so that nuclear testing is permanently prohibited.
我们将为争取《禁止核试验条约》(TestBanTreaty)的批准而努力，并将与其他的方面合作使条约生效，永远禁止核试验。
others:其他的
It's urgent and of utmost importance for our country to engage in international labor export so as to bring the advantages of our labor force into full play and ease our great employment pressure.
在这样的背景下，进行国际劳务输出，以充分发挥我国劳动力资源的优势，并借以缓解国内巨大的就业压力就显得尤为迫切和重要性。
importance:重要性
It is the token and direction of criminal investigation that how to bring into play this principle ′s functions of regulation, control and promotion.
而如何发挥比例原则的规范、控制、晋升作用，则成为刑事侦查行为构建及其程度的表征及目的导向。
promotion:晋升
We ought to further bring into play the superiority of TCM clinically, combine inheritance and innovation, and achieve the aim of over passing tradition, thus making TCM present more vitality.
借用现代高科技，进一步发挥中医药临床优势，遗产与创新相结合，实现对传统的超越，使中医学显示更强的生命力。
inheritance:遗产
Bring the flowers into a warm room, and they'll soon open.
把这些花朵拿到一个温暖的房间，他们很快就会开。
flowers:花朵
For example, green tea is good in summer. It seems to dispel the heat and bring on a feeling of relaxation.
但是还要考虑时节和个人身体状况，比如，绿茶适宜在夏季喝，它似乎能够驱散炎热并带来松弛的感觉。
relaxation:松弛
Overnight delivery and luggage forwarding services are also an option if you have a lot of materials or samples to bring on a business trip.
如果你的差旅途中必须携带大量物品，隔夜送货和行李转寄服务不失为一个选择。
delivery:送货
This type of face requires the creation of contrast to bring out its true beauty.
适合圆脸的发型需要一种创造性的对比感，以衬托出这种脸型真正的美丽。
beauty:美丽
We take this energy, embed it and bring it through the veils into the Divine Reality.
我们会藉此活力，嵌入并带著它穿过帷幕而进入神圣实相中。
energy:活力
In doing so they bring to an end a debate about the nature of life that has lasted thousands of years.
这样一来，他们使持续了许多年的关于生命的自然本性的争论结尾了。
end:结尾
He said he hoped the new government would be able to restore market confidence in Italy and bring to an end a period of heightened political tension.
他说他希望新的政府能够重塑意大利的市场信心并结尾紧张的政治局势。
end:结尾
In contrast with a depression, a recession is relatively easy to bring to an end.
与萧条相比，衰退可以比较容易地结尾。
end:结尾
To bring to an end by or as if by breaking up; terminate.
使终止结尾，或好象由于破裂而结尾； 使终止。
end:结尾
Sure, it rankled that Apple took 30%, but – hey – at least it would bring to an end the parasitic free riding that was endemic on the web.
没错，苹果拿走三成是让人不爽，但是，这至少可以结尾网络上永远免费的惯例。
end:结尾
In 2008, just months into the job as the first female finance minister of France, Christine Lagarde used her powers to bring to an end a court battle that had run for years.
在2008年，成为法国首任女财长仅仅几个月的时间，拉加德利用自己的权利结尾了一宗持续了多年的法庭案件。
end:结尾
The new treaty will bring to an end the long war.
新的谈判将使长久的战争结尾。
end:结尾
If he does, it will bring to an end a 10 month barren spell so nearly halted when the Dutchman curled a well-struck drive onto the post against Newcastle last week.
如果他做到了，他将结尾自己10个月的进球荒，上个星期打纽卡斯尔时荷兰人一个美丽的弧线球打到了立柱上就险些中止了自己的进球荒。
end:结尾
Only those who know the underlying truth can bring this to an end.
只有那些知道背后真相的人可以结尾这一切。
end:结尾
The findings bring to light a gap in our knowledge of the formation and evolution of such binary star systems.
该发现揭示了现有关于此类双星系统编队和演化知识中的一段空隙。
formation:编队
Great perils have beauty, they bring to light the fraternity of strangers.
重大的危难包涵着美丽，它能让陌生者之间显现友爱之情。
beauty:美丽
For example, will your portal bring under one umbrella a full host of applications across the full spectrum of the enterprise such as ERP Systems, accounting, HR, Business Intelligence, and so on?
例子，您的门户是否能纳入到单一的体系中，也就是说，将企业中的各种应用程序，例子ERP系统、会计、人力资源和业务智能等纳入到一个体系中。
example:例子
To quiet or bring under control by physical force or persuasion; make tractable.
使顺从，使屈服：用武力或劝说来使安静或屈服；使默不作声。
persuasion:劝说
But a new challenge to Sino -US relations is emerging, one that will brush aside the bones of contention that now occupy policymakers – Chinese investment in the United States.
但如今一影响中美关系的新挑战正在浮出水面，那就是中国在美的投资，两国的政治决策者将因为这个挑战而搁置起当前双方争论的焦点。。
one:一
Dirk Kuyt today heaped praise upon on the impact of Ryan Babel and David Ngog after the duo combined to help brush aside Aston Villa at Anfield on Monday night.
周一晚，瑞恩·巴贝尔和大卫·恩戈格联袂助利物浦在安菲尔德完胜来访的阿斯顿维拉。德克·库伊特对二人的出色表现大加称赞。
praise:称赞
Cool the cake completely, brush away the crumbs, and frost it, reserving a portion of the icing for decorating.
将蛋糕完全冷却，刷掉面包屑，在上面撒上糖霜，留下一些糖霜做装饰。
crumbs:面包屑
Food and germs can get stuck in the pits and grooves and stay there a long time because toothbrush bristles cannot brush them away.
食物和微生物在这些凹槽和沟槽出被卡住，并停留很长时间，因为牙齿无法把它们刷掉。
grooves:凹槽
With a large brush over the top, bring out the shadows and highlights a little bit more.
在最顶层使用一个大的笔刷，将阴影和高光再强调一些。
highlights:强调
Special effects such as "sunray brush" are achieved by the rotation of a brush over the surface coated with a special liquid.
在表盘上涂抹一层特殊液体，用刷在表盘上回转，以获得阳光纹状的特殊效果。
rotation:回转
At a bit under 700 pages, reading 1/27th of the book to brush up on a topic is a reasonable task.
这本书不到700页数，阅读本书的 1/27th以温习一个主题是一种合理的做法。
pages:页数
If you choose an non- electric brush, make sure you hold it at a 45 - degree angle and brush up and down or in circles from the tip of the tooth right up to the gum line.
如果您选择了一把非电子的刷子，确保握牙刷时成45程度角，上下刷或者打圈刷，打圈刷就是从牙尖刚好打圈到齿龈线位置。
degree:程度
When you have that option you may be tempted to use a debug build on staging and a release build in production.
如果你可以选项，你可能希望在交付准备服务器上使用调试构建版本，在生产环境上使用发布构建版本。
option:选项
The motivation for this is clear: If we build in lots of layers for extension, we can more easily build more onto it later.
这样做的动机十分明显：如果我们构建许多扩展图层，我们稍后可以在其上更轻松地构建更多图层。
layers:图层
Then she annotates the bug report with the scheduled build in which the fix will appear and marks the bug report as "Resolved / Fixed ".
然后她使用将在其中应用修复的计划的构建版本，对该漏洞报告做出注释，并将该漏洞报告标记为“已解决/已修复”。
bug:漏洞
For example, some projects might not be able to build on each commit but instead initiate a single daily or nightly integration build.
例子，一些项目也许不能构建在每个提交上，取而代之的是计划一个单个的每日或每夜的集成构建。
example:例子
Secondly, you must consider whether the type of work is the kind you can build on, whether it be for your portfolio or skillset.
另外，你必须考虑种类类型的工作是不是你乐于去做的，能不能为你的投资或技能助添一臂之力。
kind:种类
"It is the easiest way to find those people who are destroying Islam and who want to dirty the reputation we took centuries to build up," he said.
“要想找到那些正在破坏伊斯兰教的人以及那些想要败坏我们用几个世纪建立起来的名声的人，这是最简单的方法。”他说。
reputation:名声
If you are walking down the street, for example, and move out of the way so as not to bump into someone, they are influencing your actions when you move inside.
例子，当你正在街道上散步，为了不撞上某个人，你绕过他们，其实当你移动的时候，他们正在影响你的行为。
example:例子
When you do not pay attention, you bump into tables, chairs, doorways, you name it.
当您不注意力的时候，您碰到桌子、椅子、门口，凡是您想得到的。
attention:注意力
Another less -than- obvious truth is that it's not worth waiting for your old bulbs to burn out before you fit the new ones.
另那些不那么显而易见的事实是，等到你的旧灯泡烧坏再换新灯泡是不合算的。
ones:那些
Those in the control room burst into applause upon seeing the images, taken millions of miles from the Earth.
看到这些图片时，地球上百万英里之外的控制室里爆发出一片掌声后。
millions:百万
She waited patiently for the pharmacist to give her some attention but he was too busy at this moment.
她耐心地等待着药剂师能够注意力到她，但他在这个时候太忙了。
attention:注意力
If any given server is unavailable or too busy at the time the request arrives, the cluster transparently passes the request to a server capable of handling the work.
如果特定服务器在要求到达时不可用或过于繁忙，集群可以透明地将该要求传递给其他可用的服务器。
request:要求
And if you don’t focus on the most important things then they are often not done at the end of the day since you kept yourself busy with other things.
假如你不把焦点放在最重要的事上，那么你经常会由于一整天都忙碌于其他的事情而到了一天结尾时都还没有完成它们。
end:结尾
Though I do go to the cemetery to see my daughter, I ’m often busy with work and my two other children and I can’t always get there.
虽然我经常去公墓看我女儿，但是我太忙了，又要工作又要照顾其它两个孩子，我实在抽不出时间来去看她。
cemetery:公墓
Last question, you have been very busy over the years and many people have expressed concern for your health.
另外，总理这几年非常忙碌，很多人都很忧虑您的身体健康，能说说您是如何一直保持旺盛工作精力的吗？
concern:忧虑
I told him he could take his five bucks and cram it. I'm not working for money but for principle.
我告诉他说，他可以拿了他的5雄鹿见鬼去吧。我是为原则而工作，不是为了钱。
bucks:雄鹿
And maybe you have seen some others that you can buy over the counter.
也许你在你在商场的柜台上看到了其他的增长睫毛的药物。
others:其他的
This excess supply would, in turn, drive prices back down again — unless someone were willing to buy up the excess and take it off the market.
这些过量的的供给反过来会将油价再次压低，除非有人愿意把过量的石油买下并从市场中移走。
excess:过量的
With a third group, she activated the squeak as if by accident.
对于第三组孩子，她展示发出吱吱声好像事故发出一样。
accident:事故
During a construction project in Philadelphia in 1875, the body was unearthed by accident.
这具遗体在1875年费城的一项结构工程中被事故发现。
accident:事故
Police have said that Wanjiru died either by accident or by suicide after his wife found him with another woman.
警方称，塞缪尔-万吉鲁可能是事故死亡，也可能是他的妻子发现他有外遇之后将他谋杀。
accident:事故
Any technology with the power of synthetic biology is bound to arouse concerns about what happens if things going wrong – by accident or through abuse.
万一出现差错……任何具有合成生物学威力的技术，必将引起担忧：万一出现差错（无论是意外还是故意虐待），将会发生什么情况。
abuse:虐待
Other herds are potential or actual enemies; a single member of one of them who strays by accident will be killed.
其他群落则是潜在的或实际上的敌人；群落里单个成员事故迷路了，就会被杀死。
accident:事故
It's a game we invented by accident by making you put the threads window next to the stack window, and double clicking on each thread to find the one you want.
这是我们事故发明的一个游戏，我们让你将线程窗口放在堆栈窗口旁边，然后你通过双击其中的每一个线程来找到另一个。
accident:事故
By all means ask questions, but prepare ones that demonstrate your genuine interest in the company.
采取一切手段发问，但至少准备那些问题来证明你对这间公司真正感兴趣。
ones:那些
By all means, go to your own recitation instructor as well.
你当然也可以，按照你自己的方法朗诵。
recitation:朗诵
From this study, it will be readily seen that the emotion of sex is, by great odds, the most intense and powerful of all mind stimuli.
比较学习完后，你就可以看出来，性的情愫在绝大多数情况下，都是所有心智刺激源当中，最为强烈和有力的一种。
study:学习
Against all odds, this year ’s publishing sensation is a trio of thrillers by a dead Swede relating tangentially to human trafficking and sexual abuse.
一位过世瑞典作家的惊悚小说三部曲拨云见日成为今年出版界的轰动事件，它们与人口贩运和性虐待有着耐人寻味的联系。
trafficking:贩运
The difference is that by and large they are not adopting English as their native tongue, or, many of them, even learning much English at all.
不同之处就在于，总的来说，这些拉美裔移民，或者说他们中的大多数，不准备接受英语为母语，即使他们已经学了很多。
difference:不同之处
Caroline: Looking at the first point, the key to our delivery is communication by any means possible ….
卡罗琳： 现在首先请看第一观点，这里我们承诺的是利用任何可能的手段达致沟通交流。
point:观点
This isn’t an exhaustive list by any means, but some of the areas that we ’ve been exploring with design thinking over the last couple of years.
无论如何，这都不是一个详尽完善的清单，但是这其中的一些领域在过去的几十年中，我们一直在尝试利用设计思维深入思维和解决。
thinking:思维
In fact, none of these results are statistically significant, i. e., they’re just as likely to be caused by chance as by real differences in the treatments.
事实上，这些结果没有任何一个在统计上是显著的，也就是说它们由偶然导致或由处理水平间真正差异导致的可能性相等。
none:没有任何
By day's end, the story of Kinzie's gift had spread beyond Ann's office.
一天结尾的时候，坎齐的礼物的故事已经蔓延，飘出安的办公室。
end:结尾
This is by design, because we assume that neither the service consumer nor the service provider need any knowledge of the ESB that exists between them.
设计就是这样的，因为我们假定服务使用者和服务提供者都不需要了解其间存在的企业服务局的任何信息。
ESB:企业服务局
By design, UPMC chose to mix production and non-production environments within the same server to maximize resource utilization.
根据设计，高级医学中心要把生产和非生产环境放在同一台服务器上，从而尽可能提高资源利用率。
UPMC:高级医学中心
I had triumphed over others by dint of some unknowable charm.
我凭借未知的魅力征服过其他的的人。
others:其他的
In addition to these European immigrants, many African slaves were brought to the new world by force to help build houses and streets.
除了这些欧洲移民之外，许多非洲奴隶也被带到这个新世界，并被力量参加房屋和街道的建设。
force:力量
There is only one way: their apparatus of state repression must be overthrown by force.
只有一条路可走：那些国家用来抑制人民的机构必须以暴力形式被推翻。
repression:抑制
For example, engineers were pushed to combine functions into fewer parts and systems. Their aim: cut the number of components in a car by half.
例子要求工程师用较少的部件和系统实现其功能，他们的目标是达到将汽车中使用的零部件数量减半。
example:例子
In an image of Manhattan, for example, he increased the size the Statue of Liberty by half.
例子，在一幅曼哈顿的作品里，他将自由女神像放大了一半。
example:例子
Instead of editing these files by hand, you will now have the option to use a nice editor.
你现在可以选项使用一个更好的编辑器，而不是像以前一样用手工编辑这些文件。
option:选项
Williams syndrome is marked by heart defects, mental retardation, and a lack of social anxiety that produces exceedingly friendly human beings.
威廉斯综合症的特征是：心脏、智力存在缺陷，因缺少社交焦虑而过分友好。
lack:缺少
It is learning by heart the potential of an undivided self.
潜在的完整的自己需要用心记住。
self:自己
Currently half the carbon we release into the atmosphere gets absorbed by land and sea — much of it by plants, which take in carbon dioxide in the process of photosynthesis.
目前，我们释放到大气的二氧化硫中一半被陆地和海上吸收—大部分是由植物通过光合作用吸收。
dioxide:二氧化硫
True, true, so I guess one result of our neglect in Afganastan was that the insurgence network has grown by leaps and bounds.
是，是，我想我们对阿富汗的忽视的一个结果就是,暴动组织急速地增长了。
neglect:忽视
This star would provide you some great sorts of luck and chances to lead your life by leaps and bounds.
这颗星星将带给你运气和机会，带领你跨越生活。
luck:运气
Therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD.
所以，在耶和华的会中，你必没有任何人拈阄拉准绳。
none:没有任何
The regime is defined in the first instance by how people are governed and how public offices are distributes, by election? by birth? by lot?
政体首先被定义为人民如何被管理还有公职如何分发，通过选举，出身，抽签？
distributes:分发
While enumeration can be useful, it is often more convenient to express join points by means of structural properties.
虽然枚举可能很有用，但是用结构化属性的方式方法连接点通常更方便。
means:方法
So in each area of our live where we are dependent on others services and help, that thing we can make much better by means of social collaboration.
因此，在我们生活的每个区域中，我们可以依靠其他的服务和帮助，通过社会协作可以把事情做得更好。
others:其他的
Thirdly, persuasion is effected through the speech itself when we have proved a truth or an apparent truth by means of the persuasive arguments suitable to the case in question.
第三，当我们能够用适当的劝说性论证的方法证明真相或明显的真相时，劝说通过讲话本身起作用。
persuasion:劝说
In theory there is no possibility of testing a build and then deploying a different build by mistake.
理论上，测试一个版本的构建、然后错误地部署另一个版本，这样的事情不可能性发生。
possibility:可能性
And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.
他们出来的时候，遇见一个古利奈人，名叫西门，就勉强他同去，好背着耶稣的叉。
cross:叉
Since the macro is specified by name, you won’t know until runtime if the macro is missing or simply mistyped.
因为该宏观由函数名所限定，只有到运行时你才会知道，该宏观是否丢失或者被误拼。
macro:宏观
If another server needs this particular object, it requests the object by name from the creating server.
如果另一台服务器需要这个特定对象，则该服务器将通过名称从创造服务器请求这个对象。
creating:创造
Another cause of problems is that models often use first class elements (for example, associations and abstractions) for what in code would be just simple references by name.
引起问题的另一个原因就是那些模型经常首先使用类元素（例子：联合和抽象），在代码中它们仅仅是通过名称被引用。
example:例子
It's all a snow job by nature. The reality is, we're freezing not in spite of climate change but because of it.
大自然就是这样欺骗了大家。实际情况就是如此，恶意气候变暖，我们却日益挨冻，其原因也正是它——气候变暖。
spite:恶意
But that is by no means the only difference between the two economies.
但是这决不是两个经济体之间的唯一不同之处之处。
difference:不同之处
However, these sketches serve as jumping -off points; the design process is by no means over once the pencil is traded for mouse and keyboard.
当然，设计师的草图作为创作的起点，设计过程并不意味着一旦进入创作过程，老鼠键盘就可以替代铅笔了。
mouse:老鼠
The only other addition is the call at the end of the class to remove the property that you set, which is just a precaution to ensure that memory does not leak away unexpectedly.
唯一添加的是访问类的末尾，以除掉您设置的属性，这只是一项预防措施，确保存储的不会意外的逐渐消失。
addition:添加
Later, when consumers of the strategy providers need the providers to perform the particular strategy, the consumers, as observables, call back to the providers to perform the strategy operation.
然后，如果策略消费者需要策略供应商执行特定的策略，策略消费者作为被观察对象，回调供应商，以执行策略操作。
providers:供应商
A callback allows the server to (can you guess?) call back into your Web page's code.
打回来允许服务器（猜得到吗？） 反向调用Web页面中的代码。
callback:打回来
Using the custom call back handler will provide better features and the ability to pass the username and password dynamically from the client ’s session context.
使用自定义回调处理程序将提供更好的特性，并提供从客户端会话上下文动态传递用户名和密码的功能。
handler:处理程序
If not, it delegates the call down to the next layer in the stack.
如果不是，则会将称呼向下委派到堆叠中的下一层。
call:称呼
When the requirements clearly call for message processing, an ESB is going to have several advantages, including the ability to handle greater complexity in the transformations.
当这些需求明显需要加工消息时，使用ESB 可以提供许多优势，其中包括在转换中加工较复杂事务的能力。
processing:加工
King David said, 'Call in Zadok the priest, Nathan the prophet and Benaiah son of Jehoiada.
大卫王又吩咐说，将祭司撒督，预言家拿单，耶何耶大的儿子比拿雅召来。
prophet:预言家
You may find a new apartment or decide to call in the painters or repair men.
你可能会找到一件新公寓或是决定打电话叫油漆匠或维修工来。
repair:维修
US Marines fighting to take the Taliban haven of Marjah have had to call in air support as they come under heavy fire.
正在攻打马尔贾塔利班避风港的美国海军陆战队，在遭到重火力攻击时呼叫了空中支援。
haven:避风港
So we use these handles and call names, like truckers on CB radios or fighter pilots ― or hell, superheroes, right?
所以我们使用这些称号来互相称呼，就像是民用电台广播节目里的卡车司机或者飞行战斗员―去他妈的超级英雄，不是么？
―:―
To the questions of complaint, abuse beating, they must do: Do not strike back call names back. Behavi in reason, favorableness, hon. Otherwise they will be punished acceding to hotel discipline.
对客人的投诉、辱骂、动手殴打人，必须做到：殴打不还手、骂不还口、有理、有利、有节，否则按酒店有关纪律处罚。
beating:殴打
My father, so self-effacing in normal life, would wake up, call our names, say how much he loved us and blow kisses, before succumbing once more to the exhaustion that was pulling him away from us.
父亲平生低调，但那时异常清醒，唤着我们的名字，说他有多么爱我们，拼命地吻我们，直到一次又一次耗尽精力而昏迷过去。
kisses:吻
You all have within you the power of God, and we call upon you to allow that recognition, that renewed self acceptance, that immaculate LOVE to wash over you.
你们都有内在的神之力量，我们号召你们让那重识、那重获的自己接纳、那【完美的爱】（自由地）冲刷你们。
self:自己
I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and will call upon the name of the LORD.
我要以感恩为祭献给你，又要求告耶和华的名。
thanksgiving:感恩
He found it necessary to call the roll in every class because the attendance was always bad.
因为考勤情况一直不好，他认为很有必要每堂课都点名。
attendance:考勤
Coca- Cola has rolled out 2 - liter polyethylene terephthalate (PET) versions of Coke Classic and other brands that call to mind the classic contours of its glass bottles.
可口可乐公司已经推出了2升聚乙烯苯二甲酸乙二醇酯（宠物 ）经典版本的可口可乐和其他品牌想起经典轮廓的玻璃瓶。
PET:宠物
When the lights come up at the end of the flick, call up a friend and loudly discuss how rude the guy texting throughout the entire movie was.
当电影结尾，电影院的灯亮起来时，打电话给朋友，大声讨论那个家伙有多粗鲁，看电影的整个过程都在发短信。
end:结尾
For example: I need some tolerance juice to calm down after the heated debate with my boss.
跟我老板激烈争论过后，我需要喝点“宽容果汁”让我平静下来。
tolerance:宽容
Use grocery store bags to line trash cans: This may not work if you use a massive trash can but we use a small sized one for which the grocery bags are a perfect fit.
用商店的塑料袋当垃圾袋：如果你家的垃圾桶很大，那这个方法也许不合身。但我们使用小型的垃圾桶，商店的塑料袋就很合适套在里面了。
fit:合身
Fear, from our higher perspective, is not the opposite of love, in fact it has its purposed role in duality just as all'obstacles' do. Nor is LOVE meant to cancel out fear per sei.
从我们较高的观点来看，害怕并非爱的反面，事实上，它在二元性的目的就是“做一切阻碍的事”，爱不意味著可以将害怕抵销，除此之外，综括来说，同时并行会让人们找到更和谐的结果。
Fear:害怕
The remorseless demolition of wretched homes and lives by a mighty high-tech war machine cannot but cause grief and outrage in any decent onlooker.
在任何一个正派的旁观者看来，用威力强大的高科技战争武器无情的地摧毁破旧的房屋和脆弱的生命只能引起悲痛和义愤。
remorseless:无情的
The great fanfare (among technology fans, in any event) accompanying IBM's announcement cannot but strike many of us who were there at the dawn of the commercial digital explosion as a small irony.
伴随IBM公告一起出现的大张旗鼓造势（在技术迷中肯定如此）对于我们曾经历了那个“商业数字爆炸（发展）”黎明期的许多人来说忍不住会感觉像是一个渺小的讽刺。
announcement:公告
Someone even reminded the others at the scene, “Cannot help him up, it will ‘ stick ’ to your hands ”.
有人甚至提醒其他的在场的人“不要帮他起来，不然他会缠着你不放的”。
others:其他的
I started to believe that no one is capable of knowing God's specific identity, so I decided to seek him down my own path, because I believe that's what he wants me to do.
我开始相信，没有人能够弄清楚上帝到底是一怎么样的上帝，所以我决定以自己的方式去寻找他，因为我相信这才是他想要我做的。
one:一
People carry off a portrait of Muammar Gaddafi inside a hotel in Tripoli.
人们撤下的黎波里一家旅馆中卡扎菲的肖像。
portrait:肖像
For example, as we will describe in the fault handling section, you might want to ignore certain faults and just carry on with your process.
例子，像我们将要在错误处理部分描述的那样，您可能希望忽略某些错误，只需要继续执行您的流程。
example:例子
Airports and stockmarkets have been closed, but there is an urgent desire to return to normality, to carry on and not be cowed.
机场和股市业已关闭，但是美国人民渴望回归常态的生活秩序，继续前行而不是屈服于威吓。
normality:常态
If you come across a wayward chunk of moon, don't try to cash in on it.
如果你遇到一大块形状不规则的月亮岩石，不要企图拿它卖钱。
moon:月亮
Still, as physicists cast about for some explanation of the mysteries of dark matter, it is inevitable that some pretty big ideas will float around.
只要物理学家仍然在思考某些对暗物质的谜团解释，他们的脑子就会继续不断冒出许多怪点子。
mysteries:谜团
Amid the stench, noise, and filth, his attention was drawn in particular toone sheep who had been cast aside for dead.
充满着噪声，到处是一片恶臭和污秽的牲畜围场，一只弃置在一边的“死”羊引起了他特别的注意力。
attention:注意力
Pet ownership can create feelings of being needed, companionship and create a sense of purpose for those who may be feeling cast aside and flailing with this new found freedom.
养宠物能树立起一种被需要和陪伴的情怀，也能为那些情怀被遗弃和在新发现的自由中情怀束缚的人培养一个目标。
feelings:情怀
For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which your own hands have made unto you for a sin.
到那日各人必将他金子偶像，银偶像，就是亲手所造陷自己在罪中的，都抛弃了。
gold:金子
Delivering a commencement address is a great responsibility; or so I thought until I cast my mind back to my own graduation.
在毕业典礼上致词意味着极大的责任——我这样想着，直到我毕业典礼回想我自己的毕业典礼。
commencement:毕业典礼
Our company's Palletizer can auto put the paper box into the pallet and cast up the bags which has been filled full.
我们公司生产的这款托盘堆垛机汽车把纸箱码堆在托盘上，把装满物质的蛇皮袋码堆起来。
auto:汽车
Around Lake Ohrid young lads, selling fish stood on the side of the road waving eels and their freshly caught catch at the passing motorists.
奥赫里德湖周围年轻小伙子，卖鱼站在路旁挥手鳗鱼和刚抓住的渔获物在过往车辆。
catch:抓住
Declining rainfall could cause the delta ’s enormouspeat bogs to dry out and catch fire, releasing greenhouse gases.
降雨量下降可能导致三角洲巨大泥炭沼泽地干涸，着火，释放出温室气体。
bogs:沼泽地
If a system is programmed to run different materials, there ’s a small chance that the exhaust bellows can catch fire, which can be catastrophic — especially if no one is in the plant.
如果一系统被编程来加工不同材质的材料，在很小概率的情形下，废气瓶会着火，这会导致一场巨大的灾难，尤其是在工厂里没有人看守的情形下。
one:一
And I catch a glimpse of her sister sitting besides her; she smiles shyly at me and her eye twinkled with delight, so different from the eye of her sister; but for how much longer?
我又瞥了一眼坐在阿比巴旁边的她妹妹，她正害羞的朝我微笑，眼中闪烁着喜的光，这和她的姐姐形成了鲜明的对比。但在这个动乱的年代，孩子们的天真无邪又能维持多久呢？
delight:喜
Breaking up will catch on among your friends, and the more divorcees you know, the higher your own chances of becoming one.
离婚者会在朋友之间变得流行，你知道的离婚者越多，你成为离婚者一员的机率也就越大。
divorcees:离婚者
