Jesus on the cross cried, “My God, my God, why did you abandon me?
耶稣在十字架前哭了：我的上帝，我的上帝，为什么你要抛弃我？
cried:哭了
My father is the one who tells the story, usually when I’m home for a visit, and I do my best to play the abashed, grown -up child, shaking my head at my behavior.
父亲在家庭访问游戏的时候总是扮演讲故事的角色，而我总是扮演长大的中的害羞孩子，并一直摇头。
grown:长大的
We obtained data on annual CE incidence from surveillance and abattoir records, and on CE - related treatment and productivity losses (human and animal) from the scientific literature.
从监测记录和屠宰场记录获得了囊型包虫病年发病率的数据，并从科学文献中获得了囊型包虫病有关的治疗和生产力损失数据（人和动物）。
related:有关的
Education in hygienic handling of foods for abattoir workers and those involved in the production of raw meat is essential to keep microbiological contamination to a minimum.
向屠宰厂工人和涉及生肉生产的人进行食品处理卫生教育对于将微生物污染降低到最低水平至关重要。
involved:涉及
A large percentage of classpath - related problems are caused by using one word in the source code and a slightly different spelling or abbreviation of that word in the filesystem.
大部分与类路径有关的的问题都是由在源代码中使用某个单词而在文件系统中使用的却是与之稍有不同的拼写或缩写而引起的。
related:有关的
Several related detectors may be grouped together by sharing the same abbreviation.
可以用同一个缩写将几个有关的的检测器组织到一起。
related:有关的
Her decision will affect CBS Corp's CBS Television Distribution arm, which syndicates the show, and Walt Disney Co's ABC - owned and operated TV stations that broadcast the show.
她的决定将影响到这档由哥伦比亚播送公司制作，迪士尼公司旗下的美国播送公司拥有和运作的电视脱口秀节目的收视率。
broadcast:播送
More than 90% of these women had been abused by the father of the unborn child and between one quarter and one half of them had been kicked or punched in the abdomen.
在这些妇女中有90%以上受到未出生婴儿的父亲的虐待，并且其中有四分之一至一半的妇女腹部挨过脚踢或打孔。
punched:打孔
After a minute of this touching, the researchers threatened the abdomen of the mannequin with a knife while administering a common physiological stress test.
一分钟的接触之后，研究者们拿起一把刀，对人体模型的腹部进行受到威胁，同时进行一个普通的生理压力检测。
threatened:受到威胁
This law falls into abeyance when the country ’s security is threatened.
当国家安全受到受到威胁时,这项法规暂停实施。
threatened:受到威胁
But since she felt that he understood her also, his business would be to make her see Beaufort as he really was, with all he represented -- and abhor it.
然而，既然她认为他也理解她，那么，他的当务之急就是让她认清博福特的真面目，以及他代表的一切，并且对之产生痛恨。
abhor:痛恨
This week Americans voted in record -smashing numbers for many reasons, but one of them was an abhorrence of how their shining city ’s reputation has been tarnished.
本周美国选民的投票突破了历史纪录，其中原因很多，有一个就是他们对曾经辉煌无比的城市形象已然黯淡无光而感到愤恨。
voted:投票
Although she says she still loves me, the thought of having sex is something she finds abhorrent.
虽然她说她始终是喜欢我的，但是她还是觉得做喜欢变得越来越令人厌恶。
loves:喜欢
We deeply regret that it happened, and we apologize to all the individuals who were affected by such abhorrent research practices.
对于此事的发生了，我们深表遗憾，并向所有这一丑恶研究的受害者道歉。
happened:发生了
An even tougher problem facing the developing world is that a high percentage of people living in abject poverty now have to cope with volatile food prices.
发展中国家面临的一个更严重的问题是，大量活的极度贫困的人口目前不得不面对动荡的食品价格。
living:活的
So, in a high- stakes, nationally televised debate, Obama might be called upon to defend his pastor and church, or abjure his faith.
因此在一个风险很大的赌注，全国电视转播直播的辩论，奥巴马也许被要求去为他的牧师和教会辩护，要不就放弃他的信念。
televised:电视转播
Prior to World War II, America had provided benefits and care to those disabled by combat, but had paid little attention to its able- bodied veterans.
二战之前，美国向战争中致残的退伍军人提供福利和关心，但对健全归来的退伍军人却极少关注。
care:关心
Despite Strauss - Kahn’s alleged abuses, he by most accounts served ably at the IMF.
尽管斯特劳斯-卡恩被指强奸,他在国际货币基金组织的送达却被认为最出色。
served:送达
Knowing that certain brain areas are abnormal, she said, meant that scientists could try to work out ways of training or medicating the brain to get around the damage.
她表示，知道了脑部某些区域异常，意味着科学家们能够试着找出有效方法，通过以训练以及用用药治疗使脑部规避这些伤害。
medicating:用药
Some of us move from place to place in a temporary way, while others have a fixed abode; a little piece of work real estate that we call home.
我们中的有些人会经常性地搬来搬去，而其他的人则会有一个固定的的住处；一片我们叫做家的小小的用于工作的地产。
fixed:固定的
But when he tried to abolish the rural health clinics Hillary and I had established, large numbers of people who depended on them showed up to protest.
但是当他试图取消我和希拉里设立的乡村保健诊所的时候，大批依赖这些诊所的民众站出来表示反对。
protest:反对
They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and the abomination, and the mouse, shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.
那些分别为圣，净化自己的，进入园内跟在其中一个人的后头，吃猪肉和仓鼠并可憎之物，他们必一同灭绝。这是耶和华说的。
purify:净化
But the dwindling of the insurgency does not mean that peaceful opportunities abound.
但是暴动的减少并不意味着和平的机会已经盛产存在。
abound:盛产
Helio was originally conceived as a "power user's carrier ," but it did an unexplained about - face and decided to go for the social - networking youth when it launched.
Helio在筹备的时候标榜为“超级玩家的运营商”，但在发布的时候来个大变脸，决定去拥抱社交联网的年轻人。
networking:联网
Tall the classmate of the class removes individual person slight abrade is bungled outside, did not hinder greatly.
高的三九个班的同学除个别人稍微擦伤砸伤外，都没有大碍。
Tall:高的
Inside of pockets is to have a surface which will not abrade other printed materials inserted within by end users.
口袋的内部将有将不擦伤在里面被使用者所插入的其他的打印材料的一个表面。
printed:打印
I was diagnosed with a corneal abrasion, given antibiotic drops and an eye- patch, and became a laughing stock at medical school for the next week.
角膜擦伤，悲催的确诊，他们给我开了一剂抗生眼药水和一个眼罩，这让我在接下来的一周成为了整个医学院的笑柄。
diagnosed:确诊
Dry eyes, foreign body injuries, and prolonged contact lens wear are all commonly associated circumstances for the development of a corneal abrasion.
干眼症、异物损伤、以及长时间佩戴隐形眼镜均是导致角膜擦伤发生的常见联系情况。
associated:联系
Since this is a computer article instead of a statistics article here is the abridged and condensed version of polling statistical experimental design.
由于这是一篇关于计算机的文章，而不是关于统计学的文章，因此本文只是一个缩减版的轮询统计实验设计。
polling:轮询
This paper reports abridged life tables of Lanzhou municipality in 1963 and 1982. The indices of life table were analyzed.
本文报告了兰州市城关区1963年和1982年简略寿命表，并对寿命表的主要指标进行了分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Some 150 monks live at the temple, and visiting monks from across China and abroad come to study and meditate at the purported fountainhead of Zen Buddhism.
寺庙中约住着150位僧人，来自中国各地和海外的访问僧侣会来此学习和幽思，因为这里才是禅宗佛教的源头。
meditate:幽思
While nominally handing massive new budget powers to the DNI the law also makes clear that he will not “abrogate the statutory responsibilities ” of any existing intelligence related agency.
虽然这项法律名义上授予国家情报局长在预算问题上新的巨大权力，但同时也明确规定，他将不得“废除”现有任何与情报有关的机构的“法律规定的职责”。
related:有关的
In practice the superior for the time being is the living rule - not that he can alter or abrogate any rule, but because he must interpret and determine its application.
在实践中上司的时候，是活的的规则-不说，他都无法改变或废除任何规则，而是因为他必须解释，并确定其申请。
living:活的
You can select "Replace absent users with their substitutes" to enable substitution, or "Prefer present users" if you want to select substitutes who are marked as being present.
您可以选择“将缺席用户代替为其代替人员”以启用代替，或者如果希望选择标记为“在场”的代替人员，您可以选择“首选在场用户”。
Replace:代替
They say it increases costs on small businesses and gives to strong a voice to absentee landlords.
他们是这会增加小型经营者的成本，并给予缺席者的房主们更大的发言权。
absentee:缺席者
A notoriously absentminded professor was one day observed walking along the street with one foot continually in the gutter ，the other on the pavement ．
有一天，人们看见一个有名的恍惚的老师在路上走，他的一只脚一直踏在街沟里，另一只脚踩在人行道上。
absentminded:恍惚
The Plant bears a strong resemblance to the popular caricature of the absentminded professor - inventor, and often has a hard time communicating ideas to others.
智囊像极了流行讽刺漫画的恍惚的职业创作者，而且与他们交流自己的想法困难。
absentminded:恍惚
Occasionally he was even rat her absentminded and faraway when t he bride leaned forward and addressed him.
偶尔，当新娘探身对他说话时，他甚至有点恍惚和精神恍惚。
absentminded:恍惚
Even the example about Van Gogh can be explained away because of his recurring mental illness and addiction to absinthe.
当时梵高精神病再次发生的，又沉迷于苦艾酒，这样即使是他割耳这个例子也能解释清楚。
recurring:再次发生的
And the temperature scale that turns out to be well- defined and ends up giving us the concept of an absolute zero is the ideal gas thermometer.
比如理想气体温标,它有精确的定义的,并能引出绝对零度的概念,今天我们就先来谈谈它。
defined:定义的
Absorbent booms and pads are being used to soak up oil floating on the surface or clinging to plants, boats and structures.
我们还采用了可以吸油的栅栏和垫板，来吸收漂浮在海面上和紧贴在植物表面、船只底部和建筑上的油污。
clinging:紧贴
The F - 117, developed in great secrecy in the 1970s, began service in 1983 .While not completely invisible to radar, its shape and radar - absorbent coating made detection extremely difficult.
美国的F-117战机在1970年代开始了秘密研制，1983年开始了服役。它的外形与可吸收雷达波的涂层让它极难被发现。
began:开始了
These microorganisms assist us in absorbing nutrients from our food and also occupy valuable real estate so that pathogens cannot proliferate and make us sick.
这些微生物能帮助我们从食物中吸收营养，同时占据有用的领地防止病原体的增生，从而破坏我们的身体。
proliferate:增生
But for the West to abstain from the cold -war game appears to be the only way, over time, to win it.
但似乎西方国家唯一的选择就是放弃冷战模式，随着时间的推移，最终西方必将赢得赢。
win:赢
But for those of us living in China there’s nothing abstract about it.
但对于我们这些活的在中国的人来说，它表现得一点也不抽象。
living:活的
The content cloud implements metadata and indexing services over the infrastructure cloud to provide abstracted data management for all content.
内容云实现了元数据和基础设施云的索引服务，可以提供对所有内容的抽象的数据管理。
abstracted:抽象的
Then, gradually, application functionality can be abstracted into services, which are managed via dependency injection and which reside in a proper service layer.
然后，程序功能就会渐渐的抽象的为服务，它是通过依赖注射来管理的，并位于合适的服务层中。
abstracted:抽象的
The entire JEE package, container and application, can be abstracted in the same manner.
整个JEE包，包括容器和应用程序，都可以采用相同的方式进行抽象的。
abstracted:抽象的
There are also many abstracted commonalities as defined by general IT standards, such as network firewalls and security.
还有许多一般IT标准定义的抽象的共性，例如，网络防火墙和安全性。
abstracted:抽象的
Complex query strings, normal form optimization, and the procedural nature of SQL are abstracted via JDO, allowing a development team to focus on the core of their application's persistence needs.
复杂查询字符串、范式优化和SQL的过程性质都通过JDO 得以抽象的，从而使开发小组可以将精力集中在他们的应用的持久性需求这个核心上。
abstracted:抽象的
Instead of exposing each fine -grained API as a service; a coarse -grained, business - aligned interface should be abstracted from the APIs and then exposed as a service.
不要将每个细粒度API 都作为服务公开；应该从API抽象的出粗粒度的、与业务一致的接口，然后将此接口作为服务公开。
abstracted:抽象的
If all of that can be abstracted, and controlled from the IDE [...
如果所有这些都可以抽象出来，并通过IDE 来进行受控......
controlled:受控
The actual reading and writing of tags is abstracted in functions, so you won't have to change a lot if you use a different module for MP3 tag reading and writing.
实际的读写标签在函数中进行了抽象的，因此，如果使用不同的模块读写MP3标签，就不需要更改很多内容。
abstracted:抽象的
You should be capable of acquiring and applying knowledge at varying levels of abstraction simultaneously as well as creating new concepts through synthesis and invention.
您应该有能力同时在变化的的抽象级别上获得并应用知识，以及通过综合和创造来创建新的概念。
varying:变化的
I know the truth. You can’t deny someone because of some absurd and harsh slanders. He was a great musician. And he deserved to be respected and loved.
我知道的是事实.你不能因为一些荒唐残酷的诽谤而否定一个了.他是一个伟大的音乐人.而且他值得我们的尊敬和爱过.
loved:爱过
But public health has abundant experience on which to base its concern.
但公共卫生拥有丰富的经验可以作为其关注的根据。
base:根据
I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness - that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss.
我寻求爱，其次是因为爱能解除孤独——在这种可怕的孤独中，一颗发抖的良心在世界的边缘，注视着下面冰凉、毫无生气、望不见底的深渊。
shivering:发抖
I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness —that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss.
我寻找爱，还因为它解除孤独，在可怕的孤独中，一颗发抖的灵魂从世界的边缘看到冰冷、无底、死寂的深渊。
shivering:发抖
I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness - that terrible loneliness in which one shivering conscousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss.
其次我追求爱情是因为它使人摆脱寂寞---那种可怕的寂寞，好似可怕的寂寞，好似人带着一种发抖的意识，站在世界的边际，俯视下面无底的死亡深渊一样。
shivering:发抖
Each state is supported by several Architecture Building Blocks (ABBs), which can reside both inside and outside of the AC taxonomies.
每一种状态都得到了一些架构性构建模块（ABB）的支持的，它可以位于AC分类的内部及外部。
supported:支持的
The paper discusses the importance to building the academician library and its digitizing, and analyses, studies, and approaches their feasible problems correlated with this.
论述了建设院士文库及其数字化的重要性，并对其可行性与一些相关的问题进行分析、研究与探讨。
correlated:相关的
He and his colleagues, who studied the families and reported their findings in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in 2008.
他和他的同事们，研究过了这些家庭并在2008年国家科学院期刊上报道了他们的研究过成果。
studied:研究过
In it is embedded a small device containing miniature sensors that can measure the acceleration and deceleration along three axes at the point of contact with the road.
这种轮胎植入了一种含有很多微型传感器的小装置，这种装置可以沿三轴措施轮胎与地面接触处的加速和减速。
measure:措施
It doesn't have a gearstick, but on the road can be controlled with brake and accelerator pedals and a steering wheel like an ordinary car.
汽车并没有加速杆，在陆地上驾驶时可以通过刹车和油门踏板进行受控，它有一个像普通汽车一样的方向盘。
controlled:受控
When we say economics is a science, we do not mean that we conduct experiments to test economic laws, the way a nuclear physicist studies the results of smashing atoms in a particle accelerator.
虽然我们认为经济学是一门科学，但并不意味着能像核物理学家在粒子加速器中观察原子裂变那样来进行学习——我们并不通过实验操作来检验经济学定律。
studies:学习
She was tiny and Thai and heavily accented, and repeatedly told me during our cab ride that everyone I was about to be working with was Korean.
那是一位身材娇小的泰国人，英语口音很重，在坐出租车前往汽车站的途中，她曾再三告诉我说，在目的地协助我开展在职的的都是韩国人。
working:在职的
For each supported action, devise all the wrong ways to fill it in, such as blank, very large strings, ill- formatted data, or accented or unusual characters.
对于每个受支持的的操作，设计所有错误的填充方法，例如空格、很长的字符串、格式错误的数据、重音字符或不常见的字符。
supported:支持的
But it is for that very reason that they should NOT be the ones to decide how to highlight nutritional quality -- because they will inevitably accentuate the positive.
不过，也正是因为这个原因，才不应该由食品公司来决定营养成份的标识方法，因为它们难免要强调强调好的一面。
highlight:强调
'When we are striving for development, we cannot be choosers ─ we have accepted what is best for the country,' he said.
他说，我们在争取发展的时候，就不能挑三拣四，我们接受的是最有利于这个国家的东西。
striving:争取
All of these can be accepted, but the option to reject is grayed out.
可以接受所有这些更改，但是拒绝选项已显示为变灰。
grayed:变灰
More precisely, any application can lookup any cache in JNDI if the cache is accessible from that server and then see (or modify) all of its contents.
更准确地说，如果缓存从服务器可见，可以看到（或调整）其所有内容，则任何应用程序都可以查找JNDI中的缓存。
modify:调整
This means you need to provide access to internal state information as part of your public API, when really it should only be accessible by the binding framework.
这意味着您需要提供对内部状态信息的访问，并将它作为公共API的一部分，而事实上这些信息应当只能由捆绑框架来访问。
binding:捆绑
In 2006, the United States, joined by six other members, brought a case against China charging that fees it applied to imported auto parts violated its accession agreement.
2006年，美国与其他六个成员国针对中国提出申诉案，指控中国对进口的汽车零件征收的费用违反了其入世协定。
imported:进口的
In a town that levies a 100% tax on luxury imported cars, auto enthusiasts readily pay sums in the thousands of dollars to accessorize their vehicles with vanity plates.
香港对豪华进口的汽车征收的税率为100%，因此汽车发烧友们愿意用数千港元的价格购买“个性车牌”装饰他们的爱车。
imported:进口的
Even on a Sunday afternoon, crews were leveling an access road.
即使在一个周日的下午，工人也在练级通路。
leveling:练级
What makes this week accident prone is your tendency to be rash, or to act too quickly, or do something without thinking.
本周之所以易发生事故，是你轻率处事，行为前不思考。
act:行为
Still, it's worth noting that the apparently universal acclaim for the killing represents a major shift in American perceptions of such actions. Following the revelations of C. I.
但是，值得注意到的是这些对于这次射杀异口同声的欢呼代表了美国人在这类事情上的一项重要转变。
noting:注意到
In this way of life, human's self definition is defined by social acclamation.
在这样的生活，人的自我定义的，是指由社会鼓掌。
defined:定义的
They initially experimented with furniture designs to accommodate their dog Amber in the living room of their newly purchased home.
在他们新买的房子的起居室里，为了适应他们的狗--琥珀，他们最初用家具设计开始做试验过。
experimented:试验过
The Choir Director and Piano Accompanist are experienced volunteer musicians and lead this enthusiastic Christian fellowship to perform outstanding and inspiring music.
诗班指挥及伴奏均由极有经验的志愿音乐人士担任﹐带领这个充满热力的基督教团体表演杰出及令人振奋的音乐。
lead:带领
Finally, as part of this contents summary, we must identify the introductory and explanatory materials, which accompany the initial release of methods and practices.
最后，作为内容摘要的一部分，我们必须确定陪伴方法和实践最初版本的介绍和说明材料。
accompany:陪伴
The reason is a kind of summing up criticism because it is against the fait accompli and history.
批评之所以是一种求和，因为它是针对既成事实和历史的。
summing:求和
Although USDA and the companies were aware of the Plaintiffs' opposition, they rushed to complete the plantings in the hope of presenting the court with a fait accompli.
尽管美国农业部与转基因农作物公司知道原告反对，它们冲完成种植希望法院面对既成事实的局面。
rushed:冲
IT organizations working in an environment with compliance requirements must to be able to document that they have designed, implemented, and tested the application in accordance with these standards.
在职的在有法规遵循要求的环境中的IT组织必须能够证明他们已经计划、执行，并测试了这个应用软件与这些标准是保持一致的。
working:在职的
Information must be encrypted and privacy maintained in accordance with established policies, according to the role of the consumer.
信息必须根据客户的角色按照确立的策略进行加密的和以保密方式进行维护。
encrypted:加密的
When we love ourselves, we have the strength to act in accordance with our values and interests.
当我们爱自己的时候，我们就有足够的力量根据自己的价值观和兴趣行为。
act:行为
In addition, not all applications are suitable for all institutions and vendors should ensure that they only recommend accordingly.
另外，不是所有的应用对所有的机构都合适，而且相应地，供应商应该确保他们只提推荐。
recommend:推荐
If you move your mouse over these elements, notice that the pointer changes accordingly, indicating this is a link.
注意，如果将鼠标移动到这些元素上面，指针会相应地发生变化，表明这是一个链接。
changes:变化
And if they fail to do so, the international community will act accordingly.
如果他们不这样做，国际社会将采取相应的行为。
act:行为
If this string contained tags, we would segment the string accordingly and enclose each single segment separately between the new style tags.
如果这个字符串包含标签，我们将相应地对该字符串部分，分别将单独的段包括在新的样式标签内。
segment:部分
The teacher regraded the students into small groups according to ability.
教师根据能力的高低将学生重新分成若干小组。
according:根据
Each one of us, according to the physicalist, is just a body that can do some amazing things.
我们每一个人,根据物理主义的观点,就是能干出某些令人惊叹事情的实体
according:根据
Next, ensure that the index has these columns in the proper sequence (according to the ORDER BY clause), so that a sort can be avoided.
接下来，确保索引中这些列有适当的顺序（根据ORDERBY子句），这样可以避免排序。
according:根据
We wish to order from you according to this purchase order.
我们希望能根据这个购货订单向你方订货。
according:根据
It is because the organization and its managers do nothold people accountable for working in teams or reward them for it.
那是因为集团和经理们没有使人们对队里的在职的负责或没有因此而奖励他们。
working:在职的
For instance, most large projects grow by accretion as different developers extend or maintain the project over a period of years.
例如，大多数大型项目都是随着不同开发人员多年对其进行延长或维护而逐渐增大的。
extend:延长
The source - controlled file base is built up from nothing but the steady accretion of change sets, each one building on everything that has come before it.
受源代码受控的文件库是在稳定增长的变更集基础上构建的；每个变更集都以之前的所有变更为基础。
controlled:受控
Accrual method of accounting is used widely and hence, we should be aware of its rules and principles.
权责发生制核算法的用过的范围较为广泛，因此我们应该了解这种核算方法的规则和原理。
used:用过的
Enough about jargon, the explicit implicit web is all about the value that will accrue to an Internet user when their every action is tracked, recorded, and used to provide value back to that user.
通俗地说，隐式互联网所谈论的，是指通过跟踪、记录的互联网用户的每一个举动，积累信息，并为用户提供更大的价值。
recorded:记录的
On the other hand, if the tester only uses some fixed users to place orders in the formal testing, the corresponding data will accumulate.
另一方面，如果测试人员仅仅使用某些固定的用户在正式的测试中下订单，那么相应的数据将会累积。
fixed:固定的
Edema: In 1845, during his last two months of life, Jackson began experiencing edema, an abnormal accumulation of fluid beneath his skin and in certain cavities.
浮肿 ：1845年，杰克逊生命最后的两个月开始了遭受水肿之苦，这是一种皮下和某体腔内不正常液体积聚病症。
began:开始了
The book value of the fixed assets is the amount after deducting the accumulative depreciation and accumulative impairment provision from the cost of the fixed assets.
固定的资产的账面价值是固定的资产成本扣减累计折旧和累计减值准备后的金额。
fixed:固定的
Then, several fatigue accumulative damage rules still em-ploy ed at present are systematically analysed with respect of the mechanism of mechanics - probability and the usage range.
然后，针对目前在国内外仍被大量引用的疲劳累积损伤准则，从力学和概率机理、适用范围等方面进行了深入系统的分析了。
analysed:分析了
Rack up 3, 4 or 5 lamps and watch the free spins with major multiplier impact on winnings unfold in an new game recorded on the accumulative bonus meter.
机架上涨了3 ，4或5灯具和手表自由旋主要乘数的影响，奖金展现在一个新的游戏记录的的累积奖金米。
recorded:记录的
A city accustomed to living in freedom is more easily maintained through the means of its own citizens than in any other way, if you decide to preserve it.
一个习以为常生活在自由下的城市由它自己的市民来治理会比任何其他方式都要更容易，如果你决定保存这座城市的话。
accustomed:习以为常
REDUCED CIRCUMSTANCES If your household income and assets aren’t what they once were, it can be a real problem for spouses who are not living in the style to which they have become accustomed.
家道衰落如果你的家庭收入和固定资产不像以往那样丰盈了，这对于不能按照他们已经习惯的方式活的的配偶来说是个实在的问题。
living:活的
ACE is a simple text editor with standard features such as copy / paste and load / save.
ACE是一个简单的包括标准特色的文本编辑器，比如拷贝／粘贴，读取／节省等。
save:节省
Furthermore, ACE can share documents with other users on different computers, connected by communication networks.
而且，ACE能够让不同计算机的其他用户共享文档，通过网络进行连接的。
connected:连接的
Some models wore black straw hats traditionally used by male farmers, and many also had their waists cinched by elaborate acetate belts.
有的模特戴上传统农夫用过的的黑色草帽，还有些用精心制作的醋酸纤维腰带束紧腰部。
used:用过的
If an infection occurs during fludrocortisone acetate therapy, it should be promptly controlled by suitable antimicrobial therapy.
在服用醋酸氟氢可的松期间，如果传染发生，应该由适当的抗生素去治疗和受控。
controlled:受控
The catalytic activity of iodine in the esterification reaction was studied by synthesis cyclohexyl acetate from acetic anhydride, cyclohexano and acetic acid, cyclohexano.
以单质碘为催化剂，通过乙酸酐、环己醇及乙酸、环己醇为原料合成乙酸环己酯，对碘的催化活性进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
And what that means is, if I know this Henry's law constant, for CS2 mixed with acetone specifically, it would be different.
那意味着，如果我知道亨利定律常数，这里指对于CS2和丙酮的混合的，它会有不同。
mixed:混合的
The optimal method was took the freeze dried samples, extracted by acetone, detected by HPLC.
最佳测定方法为利用植物冻干样，以丙酮为提取的液进行HPLC测定。
extracted:提取的
Ah, if I could only make your dear heart ache one little minute of each day as mine does every day and all day long, it might lead you to show pity to your poor lonely one.
啊，我每天都在遭受疼痛，我整天都在遭受疼痛，要是我能够让你那颗亲爱的心每天把我的疼痛经受一分钟，也许就会使你对你可怜的孤独的妻子表示同情了。
ache:疼痛
But anyone who loves her laptop knows there can be agony in all that ecstasy: Using them regularly can make your neck throb, eyes ache, and shoulders cry uncle.
但是任何喜欢手提电脑的人也清楚这些方便所带来的疼痛：经常性的使用手提电脑会使你脖子，眼睛和肩膀出现疼痛的症状。
ache:疼痛
His spirit will carry on, and it will inspire all of us to achieve more.
他的精神将得到传承，并激励我们所有人取得更大达到。
achieve:达到
So imagine how I felt when I traveled to Guizhou Province, a stunningly beautiful and achingly poor region in China's interior.
所以想像一下当我到中国内陆一个美丽到让人惊心又贫困到让人心碎的省份贵州旅行时是什么毛毡吧。
felt:毛毡
As she worked at her restaurant, an assailant threw acid in her face on behalf of a jealous rival.
当她正在她的餐馆工作过时，一个嫉妒的竞争者把一瓶酸仍到了她的脸上。
worked:工作过
Some people die without ever moving out of the denial stage, refusing to acknowledge death until it's upon them.
有些人还没有走出否认阶段就离开了人世，直到死降临到身上拒绝承认它。
die:死
We also know that a widely used drug that treats acne, Accutane (isotretinoin), has been associated with an increase in depression, although no causal link has been established.
我们也知道，一种广泛用过的的治疗青春痘的药物阿克唐丸（异维甲酸）一直与抑郁加重有关，虽然相关原因还未确定。
used:用过的
He was experimenting in his laboratory late one period, and very by event he succeeded in transmitting a information to his acolyte in the next room. What Mr.
一天深夜，贝尔正在试验室里做试验，他向在隔壁房间里的助手偶然传递的一个口信获得了成功。
experimenting:试验
An acoustic detector, also in the armband, then calculates which part of the display you want to activate.
臂带上同时还装有一个声波检测设备，可以计算出你想启用哪部分显示。
activate:启用
But such applications are still a ways off, she said, as the acoustic lens has not yet been tested on cells or living animals.
但是，这种应用还需要一段时间，她说，因为声透镜尚未对细胞或活着的动物做过测试过。
tested:测试过
When the acoustic waves that make sound cause the fibres to vibrate it produces a corresponding electrical signal that can be detected.
当此类纤维颤动导致声波出现的时候它们可以产生一定的能被捕捉到的电子信号。
vibrate:颤动
The UCL team scanned the brains of 20 young mothers while they viewed pictures of their own children, children they were acquainted with, and adult friends.
当20位年轻母亲在看自己的孩子，熟识的孩子和成年朋友的照片时，伦敦大学学院的研究小组对他们的大脑进行了已扫描。
scanned:已扫描
Your character, your present skill, your capacity to develop and acquire new skills in the future, and your history of living all combine to make up what you bring to new situations.
你的性格，你目前的技能，你在将来获取和发展新技能的能力，以及你的活的工作经历，所有这些东西加在一起，共同构成你对新情况的适应能力。
living:活的
If the binding information changes, failure to acquire and use the service should cause clients to return to the registry to refresh this information.
如果捆绑信息变化了，那么一旦无法获得或使用服务，客户机就会返回到注册中心以更新这一信息。
binding:捆绑
Launch yourself in a direction you want to go by considering the skills you have and enjoy using, skills you want to acquire and rewards that are meaningful to you.
考虑一下你喜欢、并能在工作中应用的技能、想获得的技能或对你有意义的奖励，这样能给自己一个理想的定位。
want:想
Repeatedly, the British rulers indicted Americans for illegally shipping goods in non- British vessels, only to have local juries acquit the accused.
英国统治者常常因殖民地居民违反法律使用非英国船只运送货物而提出起诉，但殖民地的陪审团往往宣告被起诉无罪。
indicted:被起诉
The warehouse was surrounded by what felt like an acre of siding, sawn and stacked high overhead, open to the sky and surrounded by pastureland.
仓库的包围大约有一英亩的地上露天堆放着高过头顶的侧墙板，都是锯断的。这些木料堆外围是牧草地。
surrounded:包围
When City Council finally decided to build housing on the section, gardeners and their friends moved an acre of topsoil to the remaining portion of the garden.
当市议会最终决定要在该地区建设公寓时，园丁们与他们的朋友一起将一英亩土地的表土搬运到花园的其余的部分。
remaining:其余的
With a 15 -foot depth, multiple fountains and high- diving platforms, the AquaTheater will be the site for Cirque- like shows combining synchronized swimming, diving and acrobatics.
15英尺深、多个喷泉以及高的-潜水平台，水上剧院建设成一个圆形舞台可以同步展现游泳、跳水以及杂技表演。
high-:高的-
If the faceplate were simply constructed of rigid acrylic all the way through, an explosion could shatter it into the technician's face.
如果整个面板都使用坚硬的腈纶建，爆炸有可能会将之炸裂射入拆弹员的面部。
constructed:建
Does he say things like ‘ when we move in together ’ and then act as though you have no future?
他说了“当我们住在一起时”之类的话，但是行为上却在表明好象我们没有未来？
act:行为
We have to act immediately. We have to fight for it.
我们必须立即采取行为，我们必须为之战斗。
act:行为
But each of us is carrying around one of the most amazing objects ever created – and one that governs almost everything about how and why we think, feel, act and believe.
不过，实际上我们每个人在这里却带着自造物以来最令人困惑不已的物件——也是支配我们怎样和为什么思考，感受，行为和信仰的物件。
act:行为
It would be a tremendous loss if we do not act on this opportunity.
如果我们不抓住这个机会采取行为，就会造成巨大的损失。
act:行为
If you act at once you can make it reality and succeed.
如果你马上采取行为，你就能把它变成现实，获得成功。
act:行为
What determines how human beings act is not their genes but how their society teaches them to act.
决定人们行为的不是他们的基因而是他们所处的社会如何教他们行为。
act:行为
I boxed up all the silly stuff, writing and acting and goofing about, and threw it in an attic somewhere.
我把所有那些偷懒的东西——写作和演戏——塞到箱子里，并把它们扔在阁楼里的某个角落。
goofing:偷懒
I boxed up all the silly stuff, writing and acting and goofing about, and threw it in an attic somewhere. I shut the door. I moved on.
我把所有那些偷懒的东西——写作和演戏——塞到箱子里，并把它们扔在阁楼里的某个角落。随后我关上房门，继续我的生活。
goofing:偷懒
In order for you to act on your objective, it must be actionable.
为了使你能在你的目标上采取行为，这些目标必须能够执行。
act:行为
To perform this action, load the replay, and move your mouse pointer on the left upper corner of the screen: an interface will appear.
做好这项行动，加载重播，并提出你的鼠标指针就左上角的画面：一个界面，将出现。
load:加载
XUL allows you to create, arrange, and activate all these components.
XUL允许您创建、安排和启用所有这些成分。
activate:启用
Add this script to the activation engine to automatically activate the network identity.
将这个脚本添加到启用引擎，以自动地启用网络标识。
activate:启用
Click on the link in the email to activate your account.
单击该电子邮件中的链接以启用您的帐户。
activate:启用
To activate the serial port communication for kernel debugging, you need to modify the same kernel configuration file.
为了启用串行端口通信以进行内核调试，您需要修改同一个内核配置文件。
activate:启用
There is nothing special about the phone but now our IT administrator will activate the lock feature.
手机本身没什么特别的，但是现在我们的网络管理员将启用锁定功能。
activate:启用
After the daemon restart, all you need to do is activate the trace properties.
在程序重新启动以后，您需要做的就是启用跟踪属性。
activate:启用
We internally activate many thoughts at once, but we can retrieve only one at a time.
我们能一次启用许多不同的想法，但只能集中注意力思索其中的一个。
activate:启用
And even if drug companies could find a way to activate brown fat safely, that excess activity could throw off other metabolic systems that could damage your health.
而且，即使制药公司可以找到一种启用棕色脂肪的安全方法，过量的活动会抛开其他代谢系统，可能会损害你的健康。
activate:启用
In this article, see how to develop an automatic virtual machine deployment solution that will help you deploy and activate batches of self- configuring virtual machines quickly and automatically.
在本文中，查看如何开发一种自动化虚拟机部署解决方案，以帮助您快速自动地部署和启用一批自配置的虚拟机。
activate:启用
After the application recognizes the string, it displays a small icon next to the text. The user can then click that icon to display a list of actions they can choose from and activate.
当应用程序识别出这个字符串后，在该字符串的附近将显示一个小图标，用户点击这个图标就能得到一个功能列表，从中你能够选中某一个并启用。
activate:启用
It is not simply about concentrating on what is being said to you; it is the active pursuit of understanding.
这不是简单的专注注意力听别人给你说了什么；它是对理解力的积极的追求。
concentrating:专注
The nuance can be found in different echoes by using wavelet. By means of Wavelet Transform, the Doppler signal coming from one distance gate of active duty radar is analyzed.
提出应用小波变换技术，以辨识不同目标回波之间的细微差异，并对连续波多普勒体制雷达的回波信号进行分析了的方法。
analyzed:分析了
Negative act refers that actor has active duty demanded by law and can do it, but he did not carry it. Negative act must be of three requirements: actor has certain specially appointed duty;
不作为是指行为人负有实施法律要求的的某种行为的积极义务，并且能够实行而不实行的行为。
demanded:要求的
There were also 146 active-duty deaths attributed to high- risk behavior, including 74 drug overdoses.
对于高的-危险行业每年有146个死亡名额，其中包括74个药物过量造成。
high-:高的-
To meet the needs of the armed forces, female citizens may be enlisted for active service according to the provision of the preceding paragraph.
根据军队需要，可以根据前未规定征集女性公民服现役。
according:根据
They are all defeats and hurts to bodies and souls of victims for all human beings by those disasters or Act of God from terrorists attacks of 9/11 in 2001 to Wenchuan Earthquakes of 5/12 in 2008.
从2001年的9/11事件到2008年的5/12汶川地震，无论是天灾还是人祸，都是包括受害者在内的全人类所共同遭受的或身体或情感上的重大痛和挫折。
hurts:痛
When people act out of obligation they are less likely to follow through and keep up with the practice they've promised to adopt.
当人们出于义务而采取行为时，虽然此前已经答应要按步骤采纳时间，但他们却很难真正做到一步一个脚印地进行。
act:行为
Although it's unlikely a person will behave differently simply because of their hair colour, they may act out of character if they are being treated badly, or according to a stereotype.
尽管一个人不太可能仅仅因为发色就举止反常，但如果别人对他们不客气，或者抱有成见，他们有可能表现不当。
behave:表现
Sometimes they act up and force you to take a stand.
有时候他们采取行为迫使你有自己的立场
act:行为
The study confirms some long-standing folklore about the acuity of one of North America's most familiar birds — and offers new insight into how some wild animals may cope with living alongside people.
这项研究确认了一些长期存在的民间传闻，即北美一种最常见的鸟类具有敏锐的能力。该研究同时也可能为这些野生动物如何对付一起活的的人类提供新的见解。
living:活的
According to many research reports, acupressure may be regarded as a viable nursing intervention.
许多研究结果显示穴位根据压法可能是切实可行的护理措施。
According:根据
Research from the US earlier this month found that simulated acupuncture using toothpicks which do not pierce the skin could be as good as using real needles.
这月美国研究表明模拟的针灸，也就是用不会刺破皮肤的牙签做针灸治疗同样能够达到真正的针灸治疗达到的效果。
simulated:模拟的
Many acupuncture - related adverse events, most of them owing to improper technique, have been described in the published Chinese literature.
许多主要因技术不当造成的针灸有关的不良事件在已经出版的中文文献中均有描述。
related:有关的
In order for IT departments within an enterprise to survive in and adapt to this controlled financial environment, they need to align themselves with demands of the business.
为了让企业中的IT部门能够在这个受受控的财务环境中“幸免遇难”并适应这个环境，他们需要使自己与业务需求保持一致。
controlled:受控
SRA ’s LCGS solution is scalable and adaptable to accommodate varying airport sizes and runway configurations in a range of visibility and weather conditions, the officials said.
该官员说，SRA的LCGS解决方案具有可扩展性和适应性，能够在各种可见度和天气状况下适应变化的规模的机场和跑道配置。
varying:变化的
This technique decouples each EIS from the server, because only the resource adapter needs to understand the EIS interface and connectivity issues.
此技术将每个环境信息系统与服务器分离开来，因为只有资源适配器需要理解环境信息系统接口和连接问题。
EIS:环境信息系统
This book is copyright protected so no adaption should be made without the writer's permission.
这本书受著作权受保护，未经作者许可，不得擅自改编。
protected:受保护
This version of print - on - demand shows how the old- fashioned printed codex can gain new life with the adaption of electronic technology.
这种按需出版的形式表明，传统的打印方式如何在新技术的环境下获得再生。
printed:打印
As an addendum, in April of this year, we tested an in-house created, shorter, less story- like landing page that we all hoped would beat out the old long - form version.
额外的，在今年的4月份，我们创建了一个简短的，更少介绍的类landingpage，该测试过以小时为单位。我们希望它能够击败老版本页面。
tested:测试过
Adder venom attacks the blood and nervous system. The venom of an adder bite is less toxic than that of a puff- adder, but it is far more toxic when injected intravenously..
蝰蛇毒素会破坏血液和神经系统，虽然蝰蛇一吻的毒性不如蝮蛇这么恐怖，但如果将毒素注入进皮肤，那毒性就大了去了。
injected:注入
Parallel adder is a digital circuit, which can be calculated the number of addition.
并行加法器是一种数位电路，其可进行数字的加法计算的。
calculated:计算的
Some addicted gamers even steal to support their habit, according to the findings that will be published in the journal Psychological Science.
据将在《心理科学》期刊上发表的研究结果称，有些上瘾的玩家甚至通过偷来满足自己的游戏瘾。
steal:偷
That raises two interesting questions: Could memories of a loved one have addictive qualities in some people?
那引出了两个有趣的问题：在某些人身上，是否对爱过的人的记忆有着上瘾的特质呢？
loved:爱过
You can add in some metadata for your embedded media, as in Listing 4.
您可以为嵌入式的媒体添加一些元数据，如清单4中所示。
embedded:嵌入式
I'd add in risk factors for additional unseen complexity, such as the subject matter expert and pattern subject matter expert are unfamiliar with the other subject matter expert's domain.
我会为其他看不见的复杂性添加风险因素，例如主题专家和图案主题专家不熟悉其他主题专家的领域。
pattern:图案
Marking is a step or technique in MDA in which additional information, not within the semantic scope of the model itself, can be added to a model solely for use by automation later.
打标是MDA中的一个步骤或技术，在这个步骤当中，附加的信息（不包含在模型本身的语义范围中）能够被加入到模型中，在随后的自动过程中单独使用。
Marking:打标
The system is a naturally morphing dynamic system in which each participant is responsible for its own participation, but can be additive if multiple participants of the same type are involved.
这种系统本质上是变体的动态系统，每个涉及方都负责其自身的涉及，但是，如果涉及到多个同类的涉及方，它便是可添加的。
involved:涉及
Not only have you changed the provider address, but the provider binding as well!
您不仅更改了提供程序的地址，而且更改了提供程序的捆绑！
binding:捆绑
You can set this value manually to retrieve an address book from the server that is not in the address book list.
可以手动设置此值，以便从不在通讯簿列表中的服务器取回通讯簿。
retrieve:取回
Additionally, mailto ://danieleran@mac.com would launch Mail app with that addressee, and sms :// (followed by a mobile number or short code) launches Messages with a text addressed and ready to enter.
另外，输入 mailto://danieleran@mac.com则会启动电子邮件程序，并在邮件的发送栏中自动填入danieleran@mac.com这个已解决；而输入sms://+手机号码或字母代号，则会弹出已解决栏已经填写好的短信发送窗口。
addressed:已解决
Move 1 is often the starting move in business letters of offer, including general information of the addresses and greeting the addressee.
语步1是商务报盘信函的开始部分，包含寄信人的基本信息以及对收信人的问候语。
greeting:问候语
It is concluded, through the analysis of the reason, that vague language serves as ostensive stimulus which can he used to make the addresses intention understood by the addressee.
并对其原因进行分析，得出模糊语言在一定程度上充当明示交际中的明示刺激，在不同的商务信函中被书信人运用来引导收信人对其意图的明白。
understood:明白
Adduce example important effect in having explained that purchasing management is in manufacturing enterprises finally.
最后举出实例说明了购买管理在生产企业中的重要作用。
purchasing:购买
There is no evidence that removing children's adenoids causes any problems.
没有证据显示删除小孩的腺状肿会带来别的病症。
removing:删除
Being more adept in social situations and being better equipped to network successfully will help you forge working relationships that could be very advantageous to you in the future.
在社交场合中更加熟练、在人际关系网中成功地有着更好的配备都可以帮助你打造有效地人际关系，从而让你在未来占尽优势。
equipped:配备
The hermit will not achieve greatness, no matter how adept, because the world will not notice him.
一个隐士永远不能达到伟大事业，无论他多么内行，因为圈子里没人会注意到他。
achieve:达到
They also need to be adept at collaborating with colleagues outside of IT.
他们还需要擅长与信息技术部门之外的同事协作。
collaborating:协作
In Morua ’s case, adult ADHD was diagnosed in America but when she came to the UK in 2006 she was told that the condition did not exist in adults.
她所经历的情况是，ADHD在美国会得到确诊，但当她2006年来到英国的时候她被告知这一病症在成人中并不存在。
diagnosed:确诊
We used laparoscopy to seperate loose adhesion in 32 patients and take out foreign bodies in 2 patients and thus relieved some patients pain.
术中对较疏松的粘连进行分离松解共32例，对2例异物行异物取出术，解除了患者疼痛。
pain:疼痛
He quit his construction job and stopped using painkillers. He put all of his time and effort into inventing a new adhesive for constructing brick houses.
他辞掉了建设中工作，不再使用止痛药，并把全部时间和精力投入到发明盖砖瓦房所需的新型粘合剂中。
constructing:建设中
That firm aims to develop an adhesive polymer that could stop vehicles in their tracks, without harming its occupants.
这家公司的目的是开发一种聚合物粘合剂，能够粘住行驶中的车辆，让车辆停下来但不伤害车里的人。
aims:目的
Focusing on the inspection process using a specific point of view makes it more productive, since a usually ad hoc evaluation is replaced by a well -driven and controlled process.
利用一个特殊的观点聚焦于审查过程上，可以使生产力更高，因为通常的特别评估已经被一个有良好驱动和受控的过程取代。
controlled:受控
The different semantics of the adjectival syntactic construction is closely related to the different ways language users conceptualize the entities or the events.
一个形容词句式表达不同的语义，这是由语言运用者对有关的实体或事件的特征概念化的不同方式造成的。
related:有关的
"Living African elephant species interbreed where their ranges adjoin, with males of the bigger species out -competing the smaller for mates," he explained in a press release.
“现存的非洲象会在领地交界处发生品种间杂交，较大体型的种类会将较小体型的淘汰出局，获得杂交的权力。”他在一次新闻发布会上解释道。
interbreed:杂交
Congress is rushing to finish work on new laws. They're shooting for adjournment in two weeks so all the members can hurry home and start campaigning for the election.
国会目前正赶着完成新立法的制定。他们的目标是在两星期后休会，以便所有的议员都能赶回家乡去开展竞选活动活动。
campaigning:竞选活动
I'm not in favor of eliminating laws against murder but it's very hard to know how to adjudicate in the case of sex, it's even more so.
我不是支持取消制裁谋杀的法律,但我们很难知道,在性问题上的裁定，甚至变得更困难。
adjudicate:裁定
Now, Hamas police officers patrol the 1, 000 -plus tunnels, and Hamas officials adjudicate labor disputes.
如今由哈马斯警方巡视着1000多条隧道，一些劳资纠纷也由哈马斯官员进行裁定。
adjudicate:裁定
Press councils, which typically operate as tribunals that consider and adjudicate complaints about media conduct, can take many forms. Some are legislatively mandated.
新闻评议会(press council)通常是一个仲裁机制，专事审议和裁定针对媒体作为的申诉。
adjudicate:裁定
So there is some empirical evidence to support the second theory, but more research is necessary to adjudicate between the two theories.
因此，有一些经验证据来支持第二个理论，而是需要更多的研究作出裁定两者之间的理论。
adjudicate:裁定
That adjustable focus allows astronauts to perform tasks like reading small- print checklists in low- light conditions on minute, then monitoring overhead readouts the next using the same pair of specs.
这种可调节的焦点使得宇航员能够执行诸如在一段时间内在昏暗光线下阅读小字清单的任务，然后用相同规格的一对镜片监控日常开销读数。
monitoring:监控
For that factory - bike touch there are also blue - anodized compression damping adjuster caps in place of last year's silver ones.
该工厂自行车触摸也有蓝色阳极化压缩减震在去年的白银的地方调节器盖。
damping:减震
The air ABS of medium-duty truck studied in this thesis included three parts: braking pressure adjustor, rotate speed sensor of wheel and electronic control unit (ECU).
本文研究过的中型货车气压ABS由制动压力调节器、轮速传感器和电子控制单元（英文简称ECU）三大部分组成。
studied:研究过
The designed digital adjustor for temperature control system, according to this model, has also been applied satisfactorily.
根据这一模型设计的的温控系统数字调节器在实际应用中达到了十分满意的效果。
designed:设计的
Thus, in order to ensure that the band's success in Megalopolis is repeated across the country, the band should hire Ad Lib to duplicate the Megalopolis ad campaign on a nationwide scale.
因此，为保证乐队在Megalopolis的成功能够在全国再现，乐队应聘请AdLib在全国范围内重复他们在Megalopolis所作的广告宣传。
hire:聘请
Add to this the fact that Director Stanley Kubrick allowed him to ad lib about 50% of his lines, which Kubrick only allowed for one other actor in history, Peter Sellers.
实际上，该片的导演斯坦利·库布里克放纵了艾尔米在台词上的库发挥，这部分库创作的台词足有一半之多，除了彼得·塞勒斯以外，还没人在库布里克的面前如此放肆过呢。
lib:库
The scene in which Rose meets Jack to thank him for saving her life was improvised by the two actors at James Cameron's request, and the spitting scene was almost all ad-lib.
在詹姆斯·卡梅隆的鼓励下，Rose见Jack感谢他救了她的命那场戏是这两个演员的即兴的表演，吐口水那场戏也几乎是即兴的表演。
improvised:即兴的
The scene in which Rose meets Jack to thank him for saving her life was improvised by the two actors at James Cameron39; s request, and the spitting scene was almost all ad-lib.
在詹姆斯·卡梅隆的鼓励下，Rose见Jack感谢他救了她的命那场戏是这两个演员的即兴的表演，吐口水那场戏也几乎是即兴的表演。
improvised:即兴的
Check the ports setting by going into the admin console of the application server.
通过切换至程序服务器的管理员操控台来检查端口环境。
setting:环境
Doing so will enable you to deploy, update, administer, and monitor each application independently.
这样，您可以独立地部署、更新、管理和监视器每个应用程序。
monitor:监视器
I took my Admiralty exams in the car with me, grading them as we rode or at night when the campaign work was over.
我把学生们的海事法考卷带到车上，一边行驶一边判卷，或是在竞选工作结束后，在晚上为考卷等级。
grading:等级
"She came to us for help ," an admiring neighbor told me." She said, 'I'm going to smash his head with a stone.
“她向我们求助，”一位对此表示欣赏的邻居说，“她说：‘我要用石头把他的脑袋砸烂。’”
admiring:欣赏
Each employment category for admission has different requirements, conditions and authorized periods of stay.
每个承认就业的类别有着不同的要求，条件和授权的的逗留期限。
authorized:授权的
The system of the market admittance and seceding and the keeping -away of the related risk need to be noticed too.
在开放的条件下还要注意市场准入制度、市场退出制度的完善和有关的的风险监管防范。
related:有关的
Conformity assessment is a control method, which is used by a country or area to ensure its product quality and safety for the market admittance of enterprises and their products.
合格评定是一个国家或地区为保证本国或本地区产品质量和用过的安全，面对企业市场准入的一种监控手段。
used:用过的
Admittedly, it is a huge challenge for many people, but it is a fact of working life.
诚然，对于许多人来说，这是一个巨大的挑战，但这就是在职的中的现实。
working:在职的
The paper introduces working principle and design idea of production line of cement admixture, the characteristics of system as well.
文章详实阐述了水泥掺和料生产线的设计思想及在职的原理，指出了系统的特点。
working:在职的
Application of superfine mineral admixture in concrete is studied through production experiment and application effect of actual project is practiced.
进行了超细矿物掺合料应用于混凝土中的生产性试验研究过和实际工程应用效果。
studied:研究过
Is specialized in producing all types of concrete admixture of high-tech enterprises.
是专门生产各类型混凝土外加剂的高新技术企业。
specialized:专门
Adobe and IBM have teamed to optimize this platform on IBM WebSphere to extend the power and reach of enterprise applications inside and outside the firewall.
Adobe和IBM已经组织团队在IBMWebSphere 上优化该平台以在防火墙内部和外部延长企业应用程序的能力和范围。
extend:延长
During much of her adolescence, she felt like an outsider and experimented with radical self - packaging.
在她的青春期，她感觉自己像个门外汉，于是就完全以包装自己作为试验过。
experimented:试验过
It was never hidden from him by his adoptive parents and they supported him when he began to search for his birth parents.
他的养父母从未对他隐瞒这一点，并且当他开始寻找自己的亲生父母的时候，还给予他支持的。
supported:支持的
Produced by an international events company in cooperation with Libyan state broadcasting, the Gaddafi show was a sophisticated display of adulation and agitprop, Libyan - style.
这场卡扎菲秀由一家国际性大型节目公司与利比亚国家广播电台联合出品，是一场极尽谄媚和鼓动宣传之能事，具有利比亚特色的大出品。
Produced:出品
So drugs and alcohol can actually lead to permanent changes in the way the brain works — in particular, many experts think, a greater likelihood of addiction in adulthood.
所以毒品和酒精实际上会导致大脑永久的作品方式，尤其，像许多专家认为的那样，在成年以后可能瘾会更厉害。
works:作品
Working with RAID is an advanced task, but it can be managed.
使用RAID在职的是一种先进的任务，但它是可以管理的。
Working:在职的
To modify connection information, filter criteria, or any of the advanced options, use the modify connection menu option on the connection.
要调整连接信息、过滤器标准或任何一个高级选项，请使用连接上的调整连接菜单选项。
modify:调整
It ended wang Ming "left" adventurism the dominant position in the leadership of the communist party of China realizes the transformation of democratic revolution in the second.
它结束了王明“左边”倾冒险主义在中央的统治地位，实现了中国共产党领导民主革命的第二次转变。
left:左边
But even he would be disappointed: any such savings would be wiped out by the adverse effect of such diseases on the productivity of the working - age population.
不过，即便是他也会感到失望的：任何此类节省都将被这些疾病对劳动年龄人口生产率的不利影响所彻底抵消。
disappointed:失望的
The main thing this does is check to see if the name the advertiser picked has already been taken.
这段代码完成的主要工作是查看广告客户挑选的名称是否已被占用。
check:查看
Specific ways you can free advice I stood in line to the doctor.
具体的方法您可以自由的咨询我站在线医生。
free:自由的
A top science adviser to the US administration has suggested that promotion rules in US universities should be modified to reward work relevant to development.
美国政府的一位顶级科学顾问建议美国大学的升职制度应该加以修改的，从而奖励与发展有关的工作。
modified:修改的
Now one of the main questions going to face your advisory council is the question of discrimination on hiring.
现在，一个主要问题将会,摆在你们顾问委员会面前，那就是,招聘歧视的问题。
hiring:招聘
I always advocate to our clients that they first investigate how their target audience is actually behaving online rather than relying on assumptions that may be outdated and inaccurate.
我还一直主张我们的客户调查他们的目标受众的实际在线举止，而不是依赖那些可能过时的和不准确的假设。
behaving:举止
It’s easy to advocate a go-it- alone approach that ignores the cooperation needed to address universal challenges. But we have seen the failed results of this approach.
忽视应对全世界面临的挑战所必需的合作、提倡单独行动的做法是容易的，但我们已看到这一做法所导致的失败的结果。
failed:失败的
Aeon Co., a major Japanese retailer, introduced a four -foot- tall yellow and white robot at a store in 2008 whose job is to babysit children while the adults shop.
2008年日本最大零售商永旺集团有限公司（AeonCo.,）在店铺里放了一个4英尺高、黄色和白色相间的机器人，它的工作就是帮助购物的家长来照顾孩子。
shop:店铺
Big supermarket operators Ito - Yokado Co. and Aeon Retail Co. are discounting imported groceries such as Australian beef and American broccoli.
大型超市运营商伊藤洋华堂(Ito-Yokado Co.)和永旺零售(AeonRetailCo.)正在对澳大利亚牛肉和美国西兰花等进口的蔬菜打折。
imported:进口的
At one time they were wise according to this "aeon ", in a "garlic," fleshly fashion.
他们以前根据这个世代是智慧的﹕在一种「肉体」的意义上来说。
according:根据
It's used in potting soil to loosen and aerate the soil resulting in strong, branched root development.
它采用盆栽土壤松动和曝气土壤强，根系发育造成的分支的。
branched:分支的
In theory, we researched the requirement of aerodrome, three-dimensional terrain modeling techniques, 3D analyzing technology about three-dimensional terrain visualization are investigated.
在理论上，对机场地理信息的需求、三维地形建模、三维分析等三维地形可视化实现的相关技术进行了研究过；
researched:研究过
The teams recommended a variety of improvements in lightweight composite structures, heat- and stress -tolerant engine materials, and aerodynamic modeling that can help bring their ideas to reality.
这些团队为轻比重的合成材料结构、耐热和耐应力的发动机材料、有助于实现其设想的空气动力学模型提出了不同的改进受到推崇的。
recommended:受到推崇的
Luckily, too, I also seem to be very aerodynamic. It's nothing I've trained for, just the luck of having narrow shoulders and hips; it means I have less wind resistance than the bigger riders.
幸好，我身材的动力空气学效应相当好，这不是通过训练有素产生的，只是幸运的拥有天生窄小的肩臀；那表明我比大个子运动员承受的风的阻力要小。
trained:训练有素
This jet's integration of stealth technology and slippery aerodynamics is faithfully expressed in its contrasting angular Positional silhouette and graceful Curvature control surfaces.
这架飞机集隐身技术和光滑的空气动力学于一身，这个特性通过它拥有鲜明折角的轮廓和优雅的表面曲率的对比的忠实地表现了出来。
contrasting:对比的
Aeronautical engineers take their models into wind tunnels to measure performance factors.
航空学工程师将他们的模型放置在风道内来措施性能因素。
measure:措施
Would an aeronautical engineer merely shrug his shoulders if a control panel malfunctioned in mid - flight?
如果一个控制仪表板在飞行中发生故障，航空工程师会只是耸肩吗？
shrug:耸肩
It is hoped that the droplets of sulphates and aerosol particles will reflect the sun's energy back into space, preventing it from heating the earth.
人们期望这些包含硫酸盐和气溶胶粒子的液滴能够将太阳的能量反映回宇宙，阻止它使地球升温。
reflect:反映
Glenn Cook, director of staffing for the aerospace company, says it will hire about twice that many next year.
一位这个航天公司的人事主任格伦·库克说道，明年聘请的员工将比今年多一倍。
hire:聘请
Below are just seven design - related principles (there are more) that govern the aesthetics of the Japanese garden and other art forms in Japan.
以下就有在日本支配日本园艺和其他形式的艺术的美学的七钟设计有关的的理念（还有更多）。
related:有关的
Aesthetics, aside the real power of F#'s pattern matching is the diverse range of values and types you can pattern match over.
抛开F#图案匹配的强大功能来看，所谓的美学就是你能够匹配一系列变化的值和类型。
pattern:图案
Objective To study the feasibility of detecting aetiology of pneumonia in with terminal blood.
目的学习利用末梢血检测小儿肺炎病原学的可行性。
study:学习
Objective To study the aetiology and epidemiology of tick borne spotted fever in northeastern area.
目的对我国东北地区蜱传斑点热进行病原学和流行病学学习。
study:学习
Aetiology and treatment of intestinal obstruction in 84 cats were examined and analysed.
本文对84例猫肠梗阻的致病因素与治疗方法等进行了研究分析了。
analysed:分析了
Differences in character affected how each region developed. An example is water.
特性的差异影响了各区域的发达方式，水即是一例。
developed:发达
This enables replaceability of bindings and binding configuration during deployment without affecting the business logic -- in fact, this improves the reusability of the business logic.
这样就可以在部署期间替换捆绑和捆绑配置，而且不会影响业务逻辑——事实上，这提高了业务逻辑的可重用性。
binding:捆绑
The affidavit said that investigators talked to emergency medical personnel who treated Mr. Jackson on the day of his death.
证词中说，调查人员与杰克逊去世当天为他进行处理过的的急救人员谈了话。
treated:处理过的
This has led to the rise of Co-Brand and Affinity cards - where the card design is related to the "affinity" (a university or professional society, for example) leading to higher card usage.
这导致联名卡和认同卡的崛起，卡片的设计与“价值认同”有关的（比如，一间大学或专业团体），从而达到更高的信用卡使用率。
related:有关的
They affirm some personal rights for the slave, but not all.
他们确认奴隶有一些人权，但不具备全部的。
affirm:确认
It sounds gracious on the surface —to say that God has no law, no standards, no expectations, no commandments, no threats —that he is simply there to affirm me in whatever I happen to be.
这听起来亲切的表面说，上帝没有法律，没有标准，没有期望，没有戒律，没有威胁，他就在那里，我确认在什么我碰巧。
affirm:确认
What is my favorite holiday? All of these wonderful thoughts lead me to affirm that Christmas is without doubt the best time of year.
我最喜欢什么节日？所以这些美好的回忆让我确认地回答：毫无疑问，圣诞节是一年中最美好的日子
affirm:确认
Humor is a way to affirm ourselves, to rise to meet a challenge, channel fear into pleasure, translate pain into courage.
幽默是一个确认自我、勇于迎接挑战、将恐惧导向快乐、将痛苦转化为勇气的方法。
affirm:确认
To get people to perform at high levels, you must plug into their human side, or their human nature, affirm them, and help them meet their own needs.
要想让员工有上佳表现，你必须深入了解他们人性的一面，或他们的本性，确认他们，并帮助满足他们的需要。
affirm:确认
Love letters carry a message of worth from the writer to affirm the receiver.
作者在情书里捎去的信息要有分量，要对收件人予以确认。
affirm:确认
So, it is critical to make a list of the positive things about your wife that you want to affirm.
因此，就你妻子，列出一些你想要加以确认的事情是甚为关键的。
affirm:确认
With the development of Chinese affix studying, more and more people start to study the affix trend.
词缀化倾向的学习是随着现代汉语词缀学习的不断深入而发展起来的。
study:学习
If God afflict your enemies, surely that ought to suffice you.
如果上帝使你的敌人折磨，当然你就应该知足了。
afflict:折磨
But in the U.S., affluence did not lead to indulgence and decline.
但是，在美国，富裕并没有使它走向放纵与衰退。
decline:衰退
Meanwhile, more carbon is being taken out of the atmosphere by the expanding forests in America and other affluent countries.
通话四，通过在美国和其他的富裕国家进行森林的扩大，更多的碳化合物正在被排出大气层。
expanding:扩大
Gerrard admitted hitting McGee three times but denied affray, saying he had been acting in self-defence as he thought the other man was about to strike him.
杰拉德承认曾三次攻击麦克奇，但否认寻衅滋事。他称他的表演时自卫因为他当时以为麦克奇要打他。
acting:表演
The crime of affray is decomposed from hooliganism set by the previous Criminal Law.
聚众斗殴罪系从修订前《刑法》规定的流氓罪腐烂的而来。
decomposed:腐烂的
What seems a kind of temporal death to people choked between walls and curtains, is only a light and living slumber to the man who sleeps afield.
禁锢在墙壁和窗帘之后的人们觉得夜晚是一种短暂的死亡，而露宿野外的人会觉得夜就是一场充满着生机的轻度睡觉。
sleeps:睡觉
While continuing to meet the requirements of the aforementioned stakeholders, take another look at how you segment and if it makes sense for your hotel, in your market.
为了继续满足前述利益相关者的要求，你应该换一个角度来看看你细分市场的方式，观察这种方式是否适合你的酒店、你的市场。
aforementioned:前述
This offers a unique opportunity for better understanding of the single mutation effects, as well as the mechanism behind the aforementioned diseases related to protein misfolding and aggregation.
这可以让人们更好地理解单突变效果，以及与蛋白质错误折叠及聚合相关的前述疾病的内部机制。
aforementioned:前述
The language barrier is what can sometimes cause the aforementioned un-veganized food at restaurants.
有时语言障碍会造成像前述提及的餐馆里的非素食食物这样的误会。
aforementioned:前述
Below, I list some important ways of circumventing the aforementioned problems.
下面我列举一些能够避免前述问题的方法。
aforementioned:前述
Go much farther back in time and a lot of what those aforementioned doomsayers have been saying takes on more than a glimmer of truth.
追溯到更久远一点的时代，前述提及的那些预言者们向世人展示的不仅仅是真理的光芒。
aforementioned:前述
With the primary battles over, Barack Obama is focused now on his Republican opponent, John McCain, and the quest to become the first African - American president.
随着初选的结束，奥巴马如今把矛头专注的指向他的共和党对手麦凯恩，争取成为第一位非洲裔美国人总统。
focused:专注的
Now Relox Shanghai has developed as the one leading office relocation services company in china, which specialized in offering a complete set of services on office move and after-care services.
瑞驰上海分公司（瑞梵）现已发展成为中国专门从事一条龙办公室搬迁及办公家具拆装服务的龙头公司。
specialized:专门
She puts her love to good use by working at a after -school care centre in a local elementary school.
她把她的爱全部倾注于她在当地一所小学的校后护理中心的在职的上了。
working:在职的
Huiping loves to read, and she puts this love to good use13 by14 working in the after-school care center at her local elementary school.
惠萍热爱读书，她通过在当地一所小学的课后关怀中心在职的使自己的爱好起到了良好的作用。
working:在职的
She puts this love to good use by working in the after- school care centre at her local elementary school.
她在当地的一所小学的课后辅导中心在职的，使这个爱好得到较好的利用。
working:在职的
But fortunately he later pointed out that Richard certainly knew his death, because there was no afterlife, and he knew in this life that he would die.
不过好在他接着指出：理查德当然知道他的死，因为并没有什么来世，他今世就知道他会死。
die:死
Most famously his mausoleum is guarded by the terracotta warriors which are believed to protect the emperor in the afterlife.
最闻名遐迩的要数那些看守他陵墓的兵马俑了，他们被认为是来在来世保卫秦始皇的。
guarded:看守
Do check with the relevant vehicle manufacturers to ensure that the aftermarket lamps are within the regulated specifications as stated by LTA.
做查看的有关汽车制造商，以确保售后灯在规定规格所提供的频度。
check:查看
Exercise in the morning or afternoon, but do not exercise for at least two hours before bed.
早晨下午都可以去做锻炼，但不要在睡觉前两个小时内去做锻炼。
exercise:锻炼
Normally I do not finish working until afternoon tea, but yesterday I was all done and dusted after lunch.
通常我要到喝下午茶以后才干完在职的，可昨天我午饭后就干完了。
working:在职的
Company has a "service first" business ideas for clients high Xingjiebi products and perfect after-sales service.
公司一贯本着“服务第一“的经营理念，为客户提供高的性价比的产品及完善的售后服务。
high:高的
To make your own bay rum aftershave, you can soak two to four cups of bay leaves in enough rum to cover them.
配制你自己的月桂香味须后水，就用足够的朗姆酒浸泡二至四杯的月桂树叶。
leaves:树叶
After attending the workshop, participants were able to taste a glass of wine by appreciating its colour, clarity, aroma, flavour and length of after-taste.
参加工作坊后，同学掌握到如何透过酒的颜色、清澈度、香气、品尝及馀味的持续时间，品尝一杯美酒。
taste:品尝
After - bitterness substances were the main factors influencing wine taste. The bitterness substances in Litchi Wine were analysed in this paper.
影响荔枝酒口感的主要为后苦味物质，本文对荔枝酒的苦味物质做了分析了。
analysed:分析了
Low -fat yogurt: yogurt is milk fermented, after taste sweet and sour smoothing, rich in nutrition.
低脂优格：酸奶是牛奶经过发酵的制成的，口味酸甜细滑，营养丰富。
fermented:发酵的
Sweetmeats area has all sorts of cake, flummery, ice cream a few kinds, suit to eat to taste taste bud is pacified after the barbecue of full- bodied Xian Xiang most;
甜品区有各种蛋糕、布丁、雪糕几十种，最适合吃完品尝浓郁咸香的烤肉后安抚味蕾；
taste:品尝
The point about the Holy Spirit is that it itself is defined in terms of God's agape, it itself is the purity of his bestow upon the world.
圣灵本身就是,按照上帝的阿加比定义的的，他指的就是上帝对世界纯粹的恩赐。
defined:定义的
In America more people say they have felt discriminated against for their appearance than because of their age, race or ethnicity.
在美国，更多的人说，相比他们的年龄、种族或家庭，他们感觉到的在外表上的歧视的更甚。
discriminated:歧视的
But most of the victims in Mexico, the center of the outbreak where 48 people with swine flu have died, have been adults aged 20 to 49 with no known complicating factors.
但是在有48人因猪流感而死了的爆发地——墨西哥，大部分的受害者，都是20到49岁的成年人，他们的死了原因并没有什么复杂的因素。
died:死了
The ageing process for some groups of people with disabilities begins earlier than usual.
老化过程在某些残疾人群体中开始的时间要早于常人。
ageing:老化
With “Blue Nights ”, her first book since the earlier memoir, Ms Didion conveys the loneliness of living on without her child or husband, and the indignities of ageing.
而用《忧郁的夜》，这本她早期回忆录之后的头一本书，琼•迪丹表达了失去丈夫和女儿后活的的孤独和衰老带给她的侮辱。
living:活的
The test gives an indication of ageing within population groups, but does not accurately measure the life expectancy of an individual, because of natural differences in telomere length.
这项测试给出了关于人群组的老化的印证，但是却没有因染色体端粒的自然差异，确切的措施出一个人的预期寿命。
measure:措施
Note to the thought police: I realize that to not be "sexist" or "ageism ", I should not have chosen a teaser image of a beautiful young woman.
给思想警察的笔记：我认识到不该成为性别歧视者或者年龄歧视者，我不应该选择年轻美女的配图。
Note:笔记
Note to the thought police: I realize that to not be "sexist" or "ageist", I should not have chosen a teaser image of a beautiful young woman.
给思想警察的笔记：我认识到不该成为性别歧视者或者年龄歧视者，我不应该选择年轻美女的配图。
Note:笔记
But about half of the gross debt in Japan consists of debts that one government agency owes to another, debts that in fact cancel each other out.
不过在日本，总负债中的大约一半左右由政府机构之间的负债组成，这些欠实际上会彼此抵消。
owes:欠
But there ’s an age- old problem working against our utopian dreams of the web uniting the world: the language barrier.
但是，对网络团结世界的乌托邦式梦想，还有一个古老的问题：语言障碍。
uniting:团结
Any given volume of water contains two types of molecular structures — one a blobby, loosely packed agglomeration and the other a tight, regular arrangement resembling a crystal lattice.
任何给定容量的水包含两种类型的分子结构—一种是点点松散的凝聚体，而另外一种是紧凑规则的像晶体的组合。
resembling:像
By utilizing ethanol to displace the solvent, the agglomeration of mullite superfine powders during drying process and the stability during preservation will be improved.
采用乙醇进行溶剂置换，也可以抑制莫来石超细粉粒子在烘干过程中的团聚，并改善其储存稳定性。
drying:烘干
Vacuum drying method will lighten the agglomeration of ultrafine particles during the drying process as well.
真空烘干方法可以减轻莫来石超细粉粒子在烘干过程中的团聚。
drying:烘干
Agglomeration effects are an important basis for the development of modern industry and promote the development of modern industry.
集聚效应成为了现代产业的发展的重要基础，对现代产业的发展有很大的推动作用。
promote:推动
The novelty and importance of ITS make people aggrandize the devotion to study it by a long way.
ITS的新颖性和重要性使得人们对其学习的投入大大增加。
study:学习
These are the technological routes that adopted. Traditional motivational theories include demand level theory, dual factors theory, theory of expecting, aggrandizement theory and setback theory.
传统的激励理论包括需求层次理论、双因素理论、期待理论、强化理论和挫折理论，这些理论自成一说，相互补充。
expecting:期待
The emotional body is very sensitive to fear, to anger and aggression and to all strong sentiments which easily pull you out of your center.
情绪身体对于害怕，愤怒，侵犯以及其它所有强烈情感都很敏感，而这些很容易将你拉离你的中心。
fear:害怕
"I went on a cycling trip around Copenhagen with a friend visiting from London recently, and she was terrified by the mass of cyclists and the aggressive way they behaved ," said Hadju.
“最近，我和一个从伦敦来拜访我的朋友进行了一个环哥本哈根的自行车旅行，她被大量的骑自行车的人和他们攻击性的乖巧的吓到了，”豪伊杜说道。
behaved:乖巧的
In fact, this woman worked to rule around her childcare, took time off for every minor ailment of the child and looked very aggrieved when she got no pay rise that year.
实际上，这个女人的工作过似乎就是为了照看子女，孩子出现任何小病，她都要请假，而当她去年没有获得加薪时，显得非常愤愤不平。
worked:工作过
That ability also made rapamycin a candidate for research into the mechanisms of aging.
这种能力也使雷帕霉素成为了研究老化机制的候选者。
aging:老化
Of course, you should look for one with SPF protection to keep the sun from aging your lips even more!
当然，你应该找有SPF保持的一种将能够进一步阻挡阳光对你唇部的老化。
aging:老化
A rift has opened between those who want to agitate for immediate action and those who want a sunnier relationship with their president.
那些想看到实际行动的人以及想与总统搞好关系的人之间出现了分歧。
want:想
Alternate nostril breathing calms an agitated mind, oxygenates your body, balances both hemispheres of the brain and balances your nervous systems.
鼻孔交替呼吸可以安抚你焦虑不安的心情，使身体充分供氧，余额左半脑和右半脑，均衡你的神经系统。
balances:余额
Did the judge feel it impossible to release my client on her own recognizance because of the gravity of the charges and the risk of public agitation?
难道法官认为我的当事人支付她自己的保证金都不能得到发布是因为该项指控的严重性和公众不安情绪的危险性吗？
release:发布
LED aglow color concerned in luminosity and fabricator LED material Ho craft, Currently widely used have Hung, green, Lan three plants.
引领的发光颜色和发光效率与制作引领的材料和工艺有关，目前广泛使用的有红、绿、蓝三种。
LED:引领
The final round of bidding, which is being handled by Goldman Sachs and AGM Partners, is expected to come in with offers just over $3 billion for the whole company.
最后一轮竞购正由高盛集团和AGMPartners进行处理过的,预计对整个公司的出价略微超过30亿美元.
handled:处理过的
When an atheist or agnostic asks me about Sunday School for their children, I recommend exposing their children to a religion.
当一个无神论者或不可知论者问我星期天学校的事时，我的推荐是让孩子去了解宗教。
recommend:推荐
Many of these are essentially selective state schools in disguise, barely troubling the happy hypocrisies of British live - and - let - live agnosticism.
目前许多信仰学校本质上只是被挑选出来改头换面了一下的公立学校，配合着英国“自己居住也让别人居住”（live-and-let-live）的不可知论者自娱的虚伪。
live:居住
When the media focus our attention on the aftermath of tsunamis and other disasters, it is easy to empty our wallets for the agonized sufferers.
当媒体把我们的注意力吸引到海啸和其它灾难的灾后救助时，很容易让我们倾囊救助痛苦的中的受害者。
agonized:痛苦的
He introduces us to families who have agonized over whether to make that huge investment.
他向我们介绍了谁是否有痛苦的，使家庭的巨额投资。
agonized:痛苦的
Watching this patient suffer, not from his disease but because of what we did to him in the name of helping him, was agonizing.
看着他所受的遭受，我们也及其痛心，特别是这样的疼痛来自我们对他的治疗而不是病的本身。
suffer:遭受
Cultural traditions and upbringing within a culture, and perhaps also temperament, play a role in shaping one's attitude about feeling or displaying sadness and agony.
文化传统和在一种文化内被抚育，也可能是气质，都会在一个人对感觉或表达悲伤和痛苦的方式起成型作用。
shaping:成型
Four agro - markets, 16 small agro - processing enterprises, 126 leading specialized households and one farmer marketing group were established.
建立了4个农产品市场、16家农产品加工企业、126个专门大户和一个农户营销小组。
specialized:专门
If your regression tests are automated, then go ahead and run all of them all the time.
如果你的回归测试是自动的执行的，那么你可以在同时运行所有测试。
automated:自动的
The technical parameters of the mechanical alloying in ahoy studied were also analyzed and discussed.
本文对机械合金化工艺参数也进行了分析了和讨论。
analyzed:分析了
It was central to the method of the Marshall Plan that the Europeans should think and act for themselves within the vision: That was what made the plan not just another aid program.
马歇尔计划的核心方法是，欧洲人应当在这个愿景内自己思考和行为；也正因为如此，马歇尔计划没有沦为又一个传统的援助项目。
act:行为
Officials with both companies said Aileron would receive the full $1. 1 billion only if its products succeeded in all five therapeutic areas.
两家公司的官员称该产品要在所有五个领域的试验必须都获得成功了，副翼才能完全得到那11亿美元。
succeeded:成功了
You still have control over elevator and aileron but it can't be over controlled.
你还可以受控电梯和副翼但不能超过受控。
controlled:受控
We trained for a year, flying out of Beale AFB in California, Kadena Airbase in Okinawa, and RAF Mildenhall in England.
一年的训练有素遍布世界各地：加州的比尔空军基地，冲绳岛嘉手纳空军基地，英国皇家空军的米登霍尔空军基地。
trained:训练有素
In the largest airborne survey of Earth’s polar ice, the airplanes of Operation IceBridge carry an array of instruments to measure the ice from top to bottom.
在对地球极地冰川进行的最大的一次空中调查中，执行“冰桥行动”的飞机携带了很多仪器从头到脚对冰川进行了措施。
measure:措施
Using Raytheon's airborne radio frequency systems and technology expertise, Raytheon's Next Generation Jammer will be built with open architecture technology.
下一代干扰机利用雷神公司的机载无线电频率系统和技术经验，采用开放式架构技术进行建成。
built:建成
Easy to get to from Bangkok by air conditioned bus, Pattaya offers every imaginable form of water sports, plentiful and affordable golf courses, and stimulating nightlife.
从曼谷乘空调汽车前去芭堤雅十分方便。芭堤雅为游客提供各种形式的水上运动和多种大众消费水平的高尔夫球场，还有刺激的的夜生活。
stimulating:刺激的
The feasibility of application of heat pump type air conditioner sets on air conditioned passenger cars is analyzed from the interests of technology and economy.
从技术与经济意义上对热泵式空调机组应用于空调客车上的可行性进行了分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Main cab is sound dampened, air conditioned with ergonomically designed controls for all work functions as well as track travel.
该隔音主司机室带有符合人体工学设计的的空调，并可操作包括轨道走形在内的所有作业。
designed:设计的
The air conditioned bedrooms at the hotel are equipped with modern conveniences that make your stay a comfortable one.
客人们提供了空调是高雅的家具和配备良好，设施，使您的逗留愉快的一间卧室的选择。
equipped:配备
But natural cooling techniques have been used for as long as humans have been building homes; after all, the modern air conditioner is a relatively recent invention.
但是，尽管现代空调器是一种相对新兴的发明，自然冷却技术的用过的却和人类建造房屋的历史一样久远。
used:用过的
That's important because an air conditioner works by essentially removing heat from the air.
这一点很重要，因为空调的核心作品就是去除空气中的热量。
works:作品
Also recommended is frequent removal of possible pollutants in the air coming from furniture, plastics, new carpeting, and dust mites by running a good quality air filter or the air conditioning.
受到推崇的要经常打开优质的空气过滤器或者空调，以便去除来自家具、塑料、新毛毯和粉尘的潜在污染物质。
recommended:受到推崇的
In fact, a group of researchers contend, a number of aspects of modern living -- from lack of sleep to exposure to living with air conditioning -- may be feeding Americans' weight woes.
一个研究小组认为，事实上，现代活的中有很多因素都有可能导致美国人不幸超重，比如睡眠不足和使用空调。
living:活的
The PCX - 7450 is an air - cooled, high- power pulsed current source designed to drive diode lasers, bars and arrays.
PCX-7450是一个空气冷却的，用来驾驶二极管激光器棒和阵列的高功率脉冲电流源。
drive:驾驶
It plays an increasingly important part in meteorology for cloud, precipitation, hail and thunderstorm detection as well as the navigation of aircraft and ships.
它在对云层、降水、冰雹和雷雨的气象探测以及在船舰和飞机的导航中，起着日益重要的作用。
thunderstorm:雷雨
With this radar system and a specially trained Air Force crew the aircraft can operate at a low altitude and in night or adverse weather conditions.
有了这种雷达和经过特别训练有素的空军机组，飞机可以在很低的高度、夜间或不利的天气条件下飞行。
trained:训练有素
Training is simulated air cabin crew an important professional skills courses to enhance the professional skills of students and to strengthen the sense of service useful.
客舱模拟的实训是空中乘务专业一门重要的专业技能课，对于提高学生的专业操作技能和强化服务意识很有益处。
simulated:模拟的
According to the production procedure of the unit aircrew, the control system has been designed.
根据单元机组的生产流程，对主要过程的控制系统进行了设计的。
designed:设计的
Using submunition to block the airdrome is an important question for discussion currently, so calculating the blockage probability accurately is very important.
用子母弹对机场进行堵塞是当前研究的一个重要课题，因此准确的计算堵塞概率具有重要意义。
block:堵塞
The Tower Simulator System attaches texture on the 3D -module that is constructed by tri-module- tool, so there are a lot of airdrome pictures used in the system.
塔台模拟机利用在三维建模工具建的3D模型上进行纹理贴图来渲染生成机场环境，这要用到大量的机场图片。
constructed:建
The lighting equipments for ran way in airdrome are important for flight security in night and complicate weather conditions.
机场助航灯光设备是保障夜间和复杂化气象条件下飞行的重要设备。
complicate:复杂化
A new way was provided to study the damage effect of airdrome runway thoroughly.
分析了存在差距的原因，为子母弹对机场毁伤效果的深入学习提供了新途径。
study:学习
It was supposed to get rid of deep airfare discounts, but since the beginning of May, many airlines are offering heavily discounted flights again.
（体制的使用）原本是为了避免大幅的机票打折的，但从五月初开始，许多航空公司又重新供应巨幅打折的票。
discounted:打折的
Toxic volatile organic compounds (VOCs) can evaporate from many conventional building, decorating and other household products, including air freshener sprays.
有毒的挥发性有机化合物（VOCs ）可以挥发自许多常见的建筑、装潢以及其他家用产品，包括空气清新喷雾剂。
decorating:装潢
The paper introduced the basic structure of BOLT airgun, SLEEVE airgun and G airgun, expounded their work principle, analyzed the common trouble of airgun in operation and gave solution.
本文介绍了BOLT气枪、SLEEVE气枪和G气枪的基本结构，阐述了它们的工作原理，对气枪在施工中的常见故障进行了分析了，并给出了解决方法。
analyzed:分析了
The interlock is the essential system of air lock to prevent the door which controlled open at same time.
门联锁是气闸室的重要机构。其作用是防止受受控的门不会被同时打开。
controlled:受控
When Anakin confronts the three doomed battle droids in the airlock corridor, the one in the background them panics and frantically tries to activate the controls.
当阿纳金在密封舱走廊面对那三个死定了的战斗机器人时，背景里的那一个惊慌失措，疯狂地试图启用开关。
activate:启用
Grave fears are felt for the safety of the missing airman.
对丢失的飞行员的安全甚为担忧。
missing:丢失的
Airman Fauci, a diminutive blonde, was working in supply management on the flight line of an F - 16 squadron in New Mexico two years ago.
两年前，身材娇小、一头金发的阿曼达•费希还在新墨西哥某F-16空军中队的飞行线上从事供应管理方面的在职的。
working:在职的
Exchange executives have racked up thousands of air miles over the past five or six years as they push for new growth opportunities as opportunities stagnate at home.
在过去的5到6年里，交易所的执行官由于加拿大国内经济的凝滞经常飞往国外寻找新的增长机会，他们已经积累了成千上万的航空里程。
stagnate:凝滞
I reached the following conclusions: (1) Wuxi Advantage Competition Shooting Projects are: air pistol, air rifle, pistol, sport pistol and 50m rifle 3X20.
得出下列的结论： （1）无锡竞技射击优势项目主要有：气手枪、气步枪、手枪慢射、运动手枪、50米步枪3X20五个项目。
following:下列的
A light carrier is viable because of a shift in the way air power is used.
轻型航母是具备可行性的，因为空军力量用过的方式的转变。
used:用过的
Under CT, troops stick mostly to safeish areas, using airpower to hit terrorist havens.
在反恐策略下，军队将主要驻扎在安全的地区，用空中力量去打击恐怖分子的藏身之处。
safeish:安全的
By contrast, the Japanese in the Pacific theatre, faced with overwhelming American artillery and airpower, heavily fortified many of their islands with chains of deeply dug caves and bunkers.
相反的是，太平洋战场上的日军面对美军占绝对优势的火炮和空优，利用挖链式深坑极大地强化了许多岛屿的防御力。
dug:挖
London, England (CNN) -- We could one day be spending our holidays in a gigantic vertical airship that floats thousands of meters above ground if a design concept becomes reality.
英国伦敦（CNN）报道有一天，我们会在一艘巨大的竖直型的、漂浮在距地面几千米的飞船上度假，如果一种设计理念变成现实。
floats:漂浮
According to the theory of fluid mechanics, the equivalent network chart of air speed distribution of the rotor ventilation grooves and surface heat sinking coefficient are calculated.
同时，根据流体相似理论计算的了转子通风沟内流体速度和表面散热系数，给出了该电机计算的结果。
calculated:计算的
A central allegation is that the company knew there were flaws in its airspeed sensors but didn't act on that information.
一项最关键的指控是，该公司事先知晓飞机速度传感器存在的缺陷，但是并没有对此采取行为。
act:行为
It is essential for these tests to be preceded by lightning current with standing tests, with the air of proving that the air terminal is not perishable and works after numerous lightning discharges.
而任何一支避雷针在此测试之前还必须先作承受大电流冲出试验以证明避雷针在经过一连串电击放电后仍能维持在正常作品。
works:作品
It determines the radius of protection of the air terminal and must be tested and certified by official and therefore independent laboratories.
E避雷针之保护半径，但它必须经官方或财团法人所属实验室通过测试过合格并持有证明。
tested:测试过
We recommend storing beans in a clean, dry, air- tight container, in a cool dark place.
我们推荐应把咖啡豆保存在干净、干燥、密封的容器中，并应放在避光的地方。
recommend:推荐
Its electro-optical targeting system (EOTS) is a multifunctional system for precision air-to- air and air- to - ground targeting.
它的光电定位系统（EOTS）是一个多功能系统，可以精确定位对空和对地目标。
targeting:定位
In the past, the program benefited several NASA efforts, including modern air traffic control systems, Earth observing spacecraft, the Space Shuttle, the International Space Station and Mars rovers.
过去美国航天局受益的项目，揽括现代化空中交通管制系统，地球观测卫星，航天飞机，国际空间站和火星漫游车等方面。
benefited:受益
Some stations do not broadcast over the public airwaves so they do not have to follow F .C.C. rules.
一些电台不通过公共波段播送所以他们没有必要遵守联邦通讯委员会的规定。
broadcast:播送
Often, the first treatment doctors will recommend is a Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP) device, a specially designed nasal mask that blows air directly into your airways.
通常，医生们会推荐的第一个治疗方案是持续气道正压通气设备，它是用来一个特别设计的的直接向气道吹气的鼻罩。
designed:设计的
This information is held in the the working (aka short-term) memory.
这些信息被存放在在职的（即短期）记忆中。
working:在职的
They wanted to build plants that would clean local wastewater — aka sewage water — and after that cleaning, make it available as drinking water.
他们希望建设一些干净的当地污水的水厂，称为污水处理厂，并且在处理后使这些水成为饮用水。
clean:干净的
He felt an indescribable sensation somewhat akin to dread -- that dread of the daylight which even in the desert makes us fear we are watched and observed.
他有一种说不出毛毡，有点近乎恐怖，那是一种在光天化日之下，即使在沙漠里我们也怕被人看到的恐怖。
felt:毛毡
Part of what alarms his critics is how un- alarmist his conclusions have turned out to be.
闹钟批评的部分并非危言耸听，他的结论已证明确有此事。
alarms:闹钟
Although debated and critiqued like no pop album ever before, Highway 61 Revisited works best when it is enjoyed for itself outside of the classroom.
尽管不像以前的流行专辑那样，《重游61号公路》遭到了批评的和非议，但学究之外的自得其乐，它做得最棒。
critiqued:批评的
For example, metadata about a recorded song might include information about its artist, album, composer, length, or quality, whereas the data is the audio recording itself.
例如，关于所录制的歌曲的元数据可能包括关于演唱者、专辑、作曲、长度或质量的信息，而数据则是音频记录的本身。
recorded:记录的
As I said before these patients need to be treated with repeated paracentesis with albumin infusion.
就像我以前说的那些患者需要大量穿刺放液加白蛋白输注处理过的。
treated:处理过的
In this work, crystal conditions of lysozyme and albumin egg were studied using membrane crystallization technique.
本文用膜结晶技术对溶菌酶和卵清蛋白的结晶条件进行了实验研究过。
studied:研究过
There was rosemary behind me, and I could smell only the scent of its alcohol.
我身后有迷迭香，我只能闻见它散发出的酒精闻。
smell:闻
Act like a recovering alcoholic, for whom a single drink will start it all over again.
做的像个正在恢复中的酒鬼，因为一点酒精会让一切重新再来。
recovering:正在恢复
Over the years a ragged second growth of aspen and birch and speckled alder, at the far edge of the baseball diamond, has blotted out that view.
棒球场外围伐过的树林，多年以来又长出了参差不齐的白杨、桦和满身吸干的桤木，挡住了视野。
blotted:吸干
As Lesley Alderman reports in this week ’s Patient Money column, snow reflects nearly 80 percent of the sun ’s rays. That means more harmful ultraviolet rays are directed into your eyes.
正如雷斯利奥尔德曼（LesleyAlderman）在本周“长期的财富”专栏所说，近80%的阳光被雪地反映，意味着更多紫外线直接损害我们的眼睛。
reflects:反映
I wound up sampling a few different options before settling on a special Christmas ale, and - naturally - turning my attention to the Giants game on the screen above the bar.
在我选择喝一种特别的圣诞麦芽啤酒之前，我在一些不同选择中做了采样。很自然的把我的注意力集中到酒吧上方屏幕的游戏当中。
sampling:采样
If you wish to grow thinner, diminish your dinner, And take to light claret instead of pale ale ;Look down with an utter contempt upon butter, And never touch bread till it's toasted -- or stale.
如果你想变瘦，就要少吃饭，喝低度红酒，戒掉啤酒；要对黄油不屑一顾，绝不碰面包——除非是美味的烤或者变质的陈面包。
toasted:烤
The system detects radar frequencies, determines whether or not they are a threat, and cues defensive measures, such as ALE - 47 chaff / flare launchers, to counter signals deemed to be threatening.
该系统探测雷达频率，确定他们是否有威胁的，提示防御方法。例如，ALE-47箔条/闪光发射台对抗被认为是威胁的的信号。
threatening:威胁的
The little newspaper which Aleck had subscribed for was a Thursday sheet.
爱勒克已订阅的那份小报是逢星期四出版的周刊。
subscribed:已订阅
This default mode probably gave us an evolutionary advantage by making us alert to dangers while we were hunting and gathering.
这种默认模式可能通过我们打猎和聚会时警告危险的出现来带给我们一种进化的优势。
hunting:打猎
Using AOP even with tagging at least achieves a level of modularization and gives you some freedom to modify the implementation.
使用带标记的AOP至少实现了某种模块化，并使您具有获得某种程度的调整实现的自由度。
modify:调整
With the direct coupling approach, the use of database views can provide a level of decoupling from actual table format.
对于直接耦合方法，使用数据库视图可以提供与实际表格式的某种程度的解耦。
decoupling:解耦
The plot that succeeded with miraculous perfection — a perfection that reached a level of near surreality.
阴谋获得了近乎不可思议的完美的成功了—一种接近超现实的完美水平。
succeeded:成功了
From balconies in sun -filled guest rooms to outdoor dining options, this is alfresco living at its best.
从阳光灿烂的客房户外阳台用餐选择，这是户外活的处于最佳状态。
living:活的
The Algerian independence war was spreading and soon reached our village, and I fled to Algiers but remained in the country, fascinated by its world.
阿尔及利亚独立战争爆发后，战火很快烧到村里，我逃到首都阿尔及尔，对这个国家深深的着迷让我没有选择继续逃亡。
fascinated:着迷
The Council has inter alia recommended measures to attract the best of talent for science.
委员会还特别提出了为印度科学界吸引最优秀人才的一些受到推崇的。
recommended:受到推崇的
What if a week later you needed to re- align the fields or to add another field for the country?
如果一周后您需要关于排列这些域或者添加其它国家的域怎么办？
re-:关于
For example, members of a family look and behave alike because they share a certain subset of genes.
比如说，一个家庭的成员相貌和表现是相像的，因为他们有相同的基因片段。
behave:表现
Mice and humans are physiologically alike, so a similar effect might be expected for people, but the fact that mice are nocturnal and humans diurnal is a serious complicating factor.
老鼠和人生理上是很相似的，因此这也许是用于人，但是人是白天活动，而老鼠是夜间活动，这是一个很并发的影响因素。
complicating:并发
Objective: In order to find out the therapeutic method though the studying therapeutic effect observation of alimentary canal diseases treated with endoscope microwave tissue solidity.
目的通过对内镜微波组织凝固处理过的消化道疾病的疗效观察研究，寻求合适的处理过的方案。
treated:处理过的
You cannot go back to Girlfriend 7.0 because Wife 1.0 is designed to not allow this. Look in your Wife 1. 0 manual under Warnings - Alimony / Child Support.
你不可能回到7.0版女友程序，按照1.0版太太程序的设计的，她是不会允许这样做的.你的1.0版太太程序是在孩子赡养费警告的支持下运作的。
designed:设计的
But for all those who are stuck somewhere between "knowing" and "doing," we've called in our triple- A -list team of motivators.
但是，对于那些卡在“知道”和“正在做”之间的人们来说，我们邀请一组顶级激励人士。
doing:正在做
This is because it blocks acid production, stimulates alkali and improves blood flow in stomach tissue.
这主要是因为辣椒素能够抑制体内酸性物质的产生、促进碱物质的分泌、并能加快胃部组织的血液迴圈。
alkali:碱
Yet there are people who justify slaughtering innocent people in the name of Islam and in the name of Allah.
但是有些人为那些借伊斯兰和阿拉的名义屠宰无辜的行为寻找依据。
slaughtering:屠宰
I was the All- American kid, or so I told myself – good grades, never in trouble, bright future, well- respected by my peers.
那时我是一个模范美国小孩，或者说我自认为是个模范——学习成绩好，从不招惹是非，前途一片光明，受到同伴的受人尊敬。
respected:受人尊敬
She ’s rooming with Liukin in the Olympic Village, so the woman who edged her out for all- around gold –a gold she had trained her entire life for —was impossible to get away from.
她在奥运村是跟柳金住一个合租，也就是说，这个抢走她个人全能金牌的女孩将与她如影随形，而她为这块金牌已经倾尽了所有的力量。
rooming:合租
But the idea has been picked up and developed. Several companies have begun inviting all - comers for a free lunch.
不过，这一创意已开始被人利用，并加以发达。数家公司已开始邀请所有来访人员享用免费午餐。
developed:发达
Sextuplet semiquavers sail up and down, bearing along a variation on the leaping piano theme from near the beginning of the Allegro.
十六分音符的六连音起起伏伏，伴随着钢琴在快板开始阶段跳跃的主题的变奏。
leaping:跳跃的
Several bars of the leaping piano theme immediately lead to a crazed abbreviation of the gallop, which the beginning of the Allegro thunders into.
几小节钢琴的跳跃的主题之后立刻进入狂热的疾弛，它是快板开始部分的缩减。
leaping:跳跃的
A minor or isolated reaction can become chronic with repeated exposure to an allergen, or when other cells involved in the immune system, the T cells, come into play.
一开始轻微并单一的反应也可能因为反复接触同一过敏原，或者其它的细胞比如T细胞的涉及反应而变成慢性症状。
involved:涉及
Another was using a humidifier for a child who was allergic to dust mites; a humidifier tends to be a place where dust mites like to breed.
另一种常见错误就是为对尘螨过敏的孩子购买加湿器；孰不知加湿器是尘螨最易于品种的地方。
breed:品种
What is amazing about the publication of this research is not that it concludes MSG allergy is a myth, but that a scientific journal still needs to bother debunking such pseudoscience at all.
这项研究报告的令人惊讶之处，并不在于它作出了“味精过敏是一个谬论”的总结，而在于一份科学杂志仍然需要不厌其烦地揭露伪科学的谎言。
concludes:总结
Actually, some people really are allergic to exercise, and this allergy is one of the most severe allergies on this list.
事实上，有些人真的对锻炼过敏，这是这个清单上最严重的过敏症之一。
exercise:锻炼
In the alley, the chef sat against a wall and buttoned the professor ’s shirt over his own ribs.
厨师在巷子里靠墙坐着，沿着自己的肋骨一颗颗的扣着教授衬衣的扣好的。
buttoned:扣好的
We jumped a final fallen tree and turned a corner down an alley and we were safe.
我们跳了最后一颗横在街面的树，拐过街角，来到一个小巷，安全了。
jumped:跳了
But Murphy and his small platoon would have to walk the entire way as they were constrained by narrow alley ways and half-finished dirt paths.
但是，墨菲和他的小排量将不得不走的路上，因为它们是由狭窄的街巷和半成品污垢路径的约束的。
constrained:约束的
Thankfully, some of Beijing's alleyway architecture is protected these days, with buildings marked by white stone plaques.
值得庆幸的是，如今北京的一些小巷式建筑也受到受保护，这些房子都用白石板标记出来。
protected:受保护
Wai said participation in mainland railway projects was usually limited to allied universities - such as the two collaborating ones - to protect technological secrets.
卫教授说参与大陆的铁路项目，为了保护技术秘密，通常仅限于结盟大学-比如两个协作的学校。
collaborating:协作
Efforts by both sides to renew the ceasefire agreement have failed with the government rejecting KIA demands for an all - inclusive political dialogue between ethnic armed groups and Naypyidaw.
双方也曾努力重签停火协议，但告失败的，因为政府拒绝了克钦独立军的要求。克钦方面要求，在各少数民族武装组织同内比都之间开启包罗各方在内的政治对话。
failed:失败的
Alliteration, since old English on, which was the most common- used rhetoric pattern, has had its unique characteristics of its definition, construction and application.
英语头韵自古以来就是有着特殊用过的领域的修辞格。它的概念、构成和应用等三个方面都有其自身的特征。
used:用过的
Living Module: Each Vivos bunk, Vicino says, will allot 100 square feet of space to each resident.
活的单元：每个地下社区将分配给每个居民100平方英尺的空间。
Living:活的
This fixed memory allotment for token management gives applications easier access to token state information and helps ensure conformance with the PKCS # 11 specification.
这块为令牌管理分配的固定的内存使得应用程序更容易地访问令牌状态信息并确保和PKCS #11规范的一致性。
fixed:固定的
The application server must sort this all out and send each handheld device its data in a format it can utilize.
应用程序服务器必须对所有这些进行种类，以每种设备可以使用的格式发送它的数据。
sort:种类
Get it all out of your head and onto paper. Don't worry about order. Don't worry about filtering anything. Don't worry about duplicating stuff.
现在你把大脑里的一切都放到纸面上了，不要在意顺序，不要担心漏过什么或是存在复制。
duplicating:复制
Most of us chase success by working hard, sacrificing our personal lives and even our health in an all-out pursuit of Mammon.
我们大部分人通过努力在职的去追求成功，为了竭尽全力地追逐财富，牺牲掉了自己的生活甚至健康。
working:在职的
Other restrictions such as allowable values, minimum length, patterns, and so on can also be set.
其他一些限制条件也可以进行放，比如容许值、最大长度、模式等等。
set:放
The allowable set of certificates would be defined in SSLPEER and the exit could contain an overriding set of blacklisted DNs.
将在SSLPEER中定义一组允许的证书，且出口可以包含最重要的被记入列入黑名单的DN。
blacklisted:列入黑名单
She did not know whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, useful or dangerous, eternal or temporary, allowable or prohibited; she loved.
她不知道这是好事还是坏事，是有益的还是有害的，是必要的还是送命的，是长远的还是暂时的，是允许的还是禁止的，她只是在爱过。
loved:爱过
Worse than parental leave, she says, is the 120 - day annual allowance for parents to tend to sick children, which is impossible to plan and which is suspected of being widely abused.
她说比双亲产假更为糟糕的是给予趋向患病儿童家长的多达120天的年度津贴，这让企业很难做出预先计划，并且怀疑这个政策被广泛滥用了。
tend:趋向
Factories allow for an application to wire together objects and components without exposing too much information about how the components fit together or what dependencies each component might have.
工厂允许程序把对象和组件联结在一起，而不需要暴露太多关于组件如何组合或者每个组件也许有些什么依赖关系。
dependencies:依赖关系
The underlying framework should also allow for traceability, which is basically going back to higher levels of abstraction.
潜在的框架还应该考虑可跟踪性，该功能实际上就是回溯到较高的抽象级别。
underlying:潜在的
I need an all-rounder - a programmer who can also do system admin to manage and add some features to my website.
我需要一个多面手，一个程序员谁也可以做系统行政来管理和添加一些功能，我的网站。
admin:行政
The police arrested some of the "top boys" at many clubs, the new all- seater stadia dispersed groups to fixed seats and incorporated CCTV that can identify troublemakers.
警察也逮捕了一些俱乐部的‘首领’，新的全座场馆可以将团队分散在一些固定的的座位上，而且闭路电视的采纳更可以分辨肇事者。
fixed:固定的
Service the radiator and maintain antifreeze level; check tire tread or, if necessary, replace tires with all-weather or snow tires
检修散热器并且保持在防冻的水平。查看轮胎的胎面并且在必要时将其更换成全天候的耐风雪的轮胎。
check:查看
Allied to this is a tendency in peacemaking for America to defer to Israel's ideas “because its ally is the one that has to make the tangible concessions of territory ”.
与此相联系的就是美国和平行动上的一个趋向，即遵从以色列的想法“因为它的盟军必须是切实地做出领土上的让步的那个才是”。
Allied:盟军
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms- house as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳反映在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；在那门前，积雪同在早春融化。
reflected:反映
Even in a poor -house, the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich mans abode;
从救济院窗户上反映的夕阳，和有钱人家的窗户上反映的夕阳一样的光亮；
reflected:反映
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as from the rich man abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
夕阳反映在贫济院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；在那门前，积雪在早春融化。
reflected:反映
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
反映在那里窗上的落日光芒，和照在有钱人家窗上的阳光是一样的亮堂，门前的积雪也同样教师在早春溶化。
reflected:反映
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
从济贫院的窗户上反映的夕阳的光辉，和从富裕人家的窗户上反映的光辉是一样明亮的；
reflected:反映
You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hourss, even in a poor -house. the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳反映在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
reflected:反映
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as from the rich man abode;
夕阳反映在贫济院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
reflected:反映
You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poor -house. the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms -house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
你要爱你的生活，尽管它贫穷。甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳反映在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；
reflected:反映
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode;
设定太阳被从富有的男人住所同样地同样地明亮地从私立济贫院或养老院的窗户反映；
reflected:反映
Enriched with Vitamin E, Aloe Vera and Buttermilk to provide soothing and nourishing emollients for sensitive skin of all ages.
与维生素E，芦荟和奶油富集提供舒缓和滋养为所有年龄敏感的皮肤润肤剂。
soothing:舒缓
Glider flight is a controlled descent; pilots gain altitude only if they catch rising air and ride it aloft.
用滑翔机飞行只是对下降的受控，真正的飞行员只有不断利用上升气流才能在空中越飞越高。
controlled:受控
Our friends have fought and bled and died alongside us in Afghanistan.
与我们同在的朋友们，在阿富汗参与战斗过、流血、牺牲。
fought:战斗过
Then, like an episode of "Lost ", there is the side- story: Obama not showing enough rage; Obama not visiting the coast in a timely fashion; Obama, our overly aloof president.
然后，就像《丢失的》的一集一样，出现了这样一个趣闻：总统并未对此多么愤怒；也没有顺大流亲临沿岸的泄露现场；奥巴马，我们过于超然的总统。
Lost:丢失的
An alpaca - like animal — in fact, the videos show alpacas — it lives in a desert whose name resembles yet another foul word.
它是一种像羊驼的动物——实际上，最初的视频中显示的就是羊驼——它生活在沙漠中，它的名字与另外一个恶劣的词汇差不多。
resembles:像
Printing could only thrive in a culture with a less sophisticated writing system — an alphabet.
印刷术只能在一种不那么复杂的书写文化中蓬勃发展——如在一张字母表中。
thrive:蓬勃发展
Don’t have a bunch of files stacked somewhere — create a simple filing system (alphabetical is easiest, although you could sort by hexadecimal instead if you ’re a geek).
不要随意把它们叠成一堆——创造一个简单的种类系统（按字母顺序是最简单的，如果你是极客，用十六进制种类也行）。
sort:种类
The idyllic trance was broken when we pulled up for petrol and Ian M went to the WC behind the petrol station and was viciously bitten on the leg by an Alsatian cross on a long chain.
田园诗般的恍惚被打破了，当我们拉起汽油和伊恩M去油站后面的厕所，由一对长链阿尔萨斯交叉恶毒的腿被咬。
bitten:被咬
One of their more intimidating customers buys imported pills for himself and domestic ones for his snarling Alsatian.
他们的某个更吓人的主顾给自己买了进口的的而给他的吠叫的德国牧羊犬买了国产的壮阳药。
imported:进口的
You can choose either to change the schema, or disable the JAX - RPC data binding and integrate alternate data binding technologies.
您要么可以选择改变这个模式，要么禁止JAX-RPC数据捆绑和整合候补数据捆绑技术。
binding:捆绑
I designed this alternator WHILE I was building it, using mostly intuition and working around supplies available.
我设计这个发电机虽然我是建设它，用直觉和在职的主要是围绕用品可用。
working:在职的
The hardest part of all is removing the A / C compressor and power steering belt to get to the alternator belt.
全部的最严厉的部分是删除A/C压缩机和权力使带子可拿到转向交流发电机带。
removing:删除
Although we had some excellent knowledge in all of these areas, much of it was in the head of the team lead.
虽然我们在这些领域有着非常好的知识背景，但是这些知识多数是在团队带领的头脑里。
lead:带领
Spaceborne radar altimeter is an important active microwave remote sensor which is able to measure the oceans with high accuracy.
星载雷达高度计是一种重要的对海洋进行精确措施的主动式微波遥感器。
measure:措施
“MySpace was clearly the dominant player, but unfortunately never innovated and got complacent ,” said Jeremiah Owyang, a technology blogger and analyst at Altimeter Group in San Mateo, Calif.
“MySpace是明确的主导者，但不幸的没有创新的，并且自鸣得意了”耶利米·欧阳，加州SanMateo集团博客技术师和高端分析师说。
innovated:创新的
But the one I am feeling best about right now is a guy in Palo Alto –Chris Yeh. He turned out to be a real gem, so I’m going to tell you how it happened.
但此刻我感觉最满意的是一个来自PaloAlto 的小伙子——克里斯·耶，他被证明确实是一个难等可贵的人，因此我要告诉你们这件事的发生了过程。
happened:发生了
Be altruistic: cover your mouth and nose with a disposable tissue when you cough or sneeze, bin the tissue immediately and, yes, wash your hands.
利他：当你咳嗽或打喷嚏的时候，用一次性纸巾捂住你的口鼻，并立刻把纸巾丢进垃圾桶，然后洗手。
bin:垃圾桶
For the current study, researchers analyzed data from 120 probable Alzheimer ’s patients at the Alzheimer's Disease and Memory Disorders Center at Baylor College of Medicine in Texas.
目前，在美国德克萨斯州贝勒医学院的老年痴呆症和记忆问题研究中心，研究人员对120名老年痴呆症疑似患者的资料进行了分析了。
analyzed:分析了
"This suggests the possibility that a treatment like this could be tested to see if it could delay the onset of Alzheimer's disease," said Prof Holtzman.
“这意味着存在这样的可能性：可以对这种治疗方式进行测试过，看看它是否能推迟老年痴呆症的发作，”霍茨曼教授说。
tested:测试过
No organization or individual may arbitrarily amalgamate or dissolve trade unions, or put a trade union and its working bodies under the administration of other departments.
任何组织和个人不得任意合并、撤销工会组织，也不得将工会组织及其在职的机构归属其他部门管理。
working:在职的
As a result we have developed a strong ego that sees itself as separate and threatened and needs to amass things like wealth to feel strong and protected.
结果，我们形成了强烈的自我，认为其本身是分离的、受到受到威胁的，需要积累财富之类的东西才能感觉有实力且受到了保护。
threatened:受到威胁
Hearing the words, I stood in amazement at first. Then I understood Mum's words and nodded with all my strength.
听到这些话，一开始我惊愕地站在那里，然后我理解了妈妈的话，用力地点了点点头。
nodded:点点头
A bee's brain is the size of a grass seed, yet in this brain are encoded some of the most complex and amazing behavioural patterns witnessed outside humankind.
虽然一只蜜蜂的头脑只相当于草籽那么大，但是这个脑袋能将看到的人类的一些最复杂和令人惊异的行为模式进行编码的。
encoded:编码的
These and other so- called turfgrasses are botanically ambidextrous; they can reproduce sexually, by putting out seeds, and asexually, by spreading laterally.
这些被称作草皮草种的草在植物学上具有两性，他们可以通过草籽进行有性复制，也可以通过侧向散布进行无性复制（植物学家认为它们在两千万年前的中新世获得这第二种复制能力。
reproduce:复制
Humanity, family ambience and love streamed into a vast ocean. Saluting to life becomes the proof of conscience for every living individual.
是啊，人性、亲情与关爱在这里汇成温馨的海洋，向生命致敬，是每一个活的在平安里的人的良知。
living:活的
And these are pictures of people working: steelworkers, bankers, police, street vendors, ambulance drivers, doctors... Oh, this is my father.
这是在职的中人们的照片：钢架工人，银行职员，警察，街头摊贩，救护车驾驶医生… 噢，这是我父亲。
working:在职的
But then the Germans asked the Afghans to help secure the road to allow asecond patrol to drive through the ambush point.
他们要求阿富汗警察帮助他们把守道路安全的，好让第二排的运兵车可以通过伏击点。
secure:安全的
But the steady accumulation of these jobs adds up to an economy that, for the working class, has become more amenable to women than to men.
但是这些稳定的在职的累积出一个经济效应，对工人阶级来说，男人应该变得更服从于女人。
working:在职的
Danilo said nothing, but he shyly smiled a smile of childlike sweetness and amiability.
伯爵说，丹尼洛什么话也没有说，只是羞怯地流露出天真、温顺而愉快的笑了。
smiled:笑了
The deal is an amicable solution to the dispute between Turkey and Israel, whose close political relationship deteriorated in 2009.
土耳其与以色列密切的政治关系在2009年遭到恶化的，该合同是一个解决争端的友好方式。
deteriorated:恶化的
Fine models of inter- frame structures of amidships of a large LNG carrier were established and calculation results were analyzed.
然后以大型LNG船的船中肋骨间结构为研究对象建立了精细的计算模型，并对计算结果进行了比较分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Damaged tissues and acne scars are diffused into their own amino acid components and released back into the body as the basis of new cellular growth.
损坏的组织及痤疮疤痕在自身的氨基酸成分中扩散开来，且被作为新细胞生长的基础释放回身体。
Damaged:损坏的
And, whether or not any of the above apply directly to you I am sure that you, like anyone, have something amiss or not exactly as you would like it going on in your life.
而且，无论上面这些事情会不会影响到你本身，我相信你和其他人一样，生活中总有些不顺心的事情或者确切来说不能喜欢你所愿的事情。
like:喜欢
Though I was sloping off to write stories during my lunch hours, I paid the rent in my early 20s by working in the research department at Amnesty International's headquarters in London.
我在伦敦的大赦国际总部的研究部门在职的，虽然我在中饭的时间逃出来写小说，但我需要这份在职的来支付我20多岁时的房租。
working:在职的
"Modern diagnostic techniques for monitoring the health of a fetus, such as amniocentesis and ultrasound, hae made it possible to ascertain sex in the earliest phase of gestation," the report stated.
报告指出，“监控胎儿健康状况的现代诊断技术，例如羊膜穿刺术和超声波，使得妊娠早期的性别确定成为可能。”
monitoring:监控
One of the purposes of the FASTER trial was to calculate the contemporary procedure- related loss rate after midtrimester amniocentesis using patients who were recruited for aneuploidy screening.
病人们被募集来参加非整数倍的筛选，FASTER测验的目的之一是预测当代妊娠中期羊膜穿刺术有关的的流产率。
related:有关的
According to researchers, the procedure related loss rate after amniocentesis was 0.06%. Women undergoing amniocentesis were only 1.1 times more likely to hae a spontaneous loss.
研究者发现，羊膜穿刺术后操作有关的的流产率为0.06%。接受羊膜穿刺术的妇女发生流产的可能仅为正常的1.1倍。
related:有关的
I can only hope (and assume) that Amoeba doesn’t suck like minix does.
我只能希望（和认为）变形虫（一典型单细胞生物——译者注）不会像minix一样傻叉。
assume:认为
It is universal to amortize the negative goodwill according to non- current assets fair market price except for long-term marketable securities in the world.
国际上的通行做法是根据除长期有价证券之外的各非流动资产的公允价值比例来分摊。
according:根据
Only a finite and fixed amount of data is "live" in any given collection.
在任何给定的收集中，只有有限和固定的的数据量是 “实时的”。
fixed:固定的
To measure the same low resistance with methods of Volt-Ampere, double bridge and double'single bridge ', we can get the same results.
对同一低电阻分别用伏安法、双电桥、双“单电桥”进行措施，几种方法的措施结果相当吻合。
measure:措施
The North American Amphibian Monitoring Program is the country's largest frog - counting system.
北美两栖类监测计划是美国最大的青蛙数数系统。
counting:数数
The most visited rocks, around the amphitheatre, are Creation Rock to the north, Ship Rock to the south, and Stage Rock to the east.
参观过人数最多的是剧场北边的“创造之石”，南边的“船岩”和东边的“舞台岩”。
visited:参观过
Contour modulation is a technique in which a phase - modulated signal waveform and amplifier output impedance work together to maintain higher efficiency over a sizable output power back- off.
轮廓调制的结合了一种相位调制的信号的波形和放大器的输出阻抗，可在某个较大型输出电源关闭后保持更高的效率。
modulated:调制的
When supply modulation and contour modulation are working in concert, the dynamic range and efficiency of the power amplifier can be further improved.
当电源调制和轮廓调制协同在职的时，功率放大器的动态范围和效率可以进一步提高。
working:在职的
In subjects that have been drinking alcohol, for example, emissions are deadened. And different drugs alter the amplitude of OAEs, as do ear infections or wax build -up.
例如，有喝习惯的受试者，其耳声发射就已减弱，不同的药物也会改变耳声发射的振幅，耳道感染或者耳垢堆积也一样。
drinking:喝
By using a pair of electrical pulses that work with the resonating strip to provide that kick in potential, the team were able to flip the vibration from one amplitude to the other.
通过使用一双与引起共鸣硅条相应的电脉冲以触发电势，这一组合便可以在两种振幅之间转换。
resonating:引起共鸣
The glass - free ampoule is comprised of a one -piece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user.
玻璃安瓿自由组成一个单件成型的聚乙烯或聚丙烯装置仍然完好和密封，直至激活用户。
molded:成型的
Key factors affecting the polymer molecular weight were found to be monomer purity, initiator concentration and the vacuum and drying levels during sealing of the polymerization reaction ampoule.
发现影响聚合物分子量的关键因素是单体的重结晶、引发剂的浓度以及安瓿瓶在封管时的烘干和真空度。
drying:烘干
In displaying this letter in such a prominent place, my colleague was seeking to amuse his visitors with its Indian - English verbosity.
我的同事把这封信挂在这么显眼的位置, 其实是想向展示他的印度式英语的冗长来逗乐客人.
amuse:逗乐
When tweens and teenagers write and post photos online, they are seeking to please / entertain / amuse their friends.
青少年在网上写日志、发照片，他们只是希望能够取悦/招待/逗笑他们的朋友。
entertain:招待
On another level, could the crisis spark new interest in some forms of entertainment as people look for cheaper ways to amuse themselves, resulting in big opportunities for some companies?
另一方面，由于人们寻求更廉价的逗乐方式，因此危机会带来某些逗乐方式的新机遇，给一些公司带来巨大商机吗？
amuse:逗乐
Such costumes were put on long ago to amuse the audience after the Harvest Fest.
很久以前，人们就在收获节后穿这样的服装逗乐观众。
amuse:逗乐
Is there any place in the hotel where we can amuse our-selves？
旅馆里有逗乐场所吗？
amuse:逗乐
The Antonov An - 14 “Pchelka ” was designed to replace the An - 2, but it could not do this.
安东诺夫-An-14"Phelka"设计的之初是为了替代An-2，实际上并非如此。
designed:设计的
The analysis of gate - related receptor showed that AN - 132 binds to the inactivation gate- related receptor, and the binding and unbinding are modulated - by inactivation process.
对AN-132作用的闸门有关的受体分析，表明其作用于失活门有关的受体，其与受体结合与解离均受失活过程调控。
related:有关的
Children with severe malaria frequently develop one or more of the following symptoms: severe anaemia, respiratory distress in relation to metabolic acidosis, or cerebral malaria.
患有严重疟疾的儿童常常伴有下列的一种或多种病症：严重贫血，代谢性酸中毒造成呼吸窘迫，或脑疟疾。
following:下列的
A long list of woes also includes anaemic economic growth, piles of new regulation and waves of litigation related to America's housing bust.
陷入忧愁的名单上还包括疲软的经济增长，一大堆的新法规以及与美国房贷有关的的诉讼风波。
related:有关的
Recently, he helped start a company called Waste2Energy that aims to build a device called an anaerobic digestor that can break down waste from restaurants into usable compost.
最近，他帮忙成立了一家名为Waste2Energy的公司，该公司的目的是开发厌氧消化器材，用于从食余残渣中分解出有用的肥料。
aims:目的
The team, led by Hamburg veterinarian Jens Linek, put Heini under anaesthesia -- itself a dangerous procedure for a rhino.
手术开始了。由汉堡兽医莱克引领的医疗小组将海尼麻醉后放倒在手术台上，尽管麻醉过程对犀牛的身体健康是有害的。
led:引领
The gel has never been tested in men, but has protected monkeys given anal doses of the simian version of the virus.
凝胶从未在男性身上做过试验，但是已经能够对肛门给药猿猴艾滋病病毒的猴子起到受保护作用。
protected:受保护
Dr. Karim said samples he took found that tenofovir in the women’s vaginal linings had migrated to their rectal linings too, meaning they might also have been protected against anal sex.
卡里姆医生称在其采集的样本里发现女性阴道组织中的泰福诺韦会转移至直肠组织，这意味着她们肛交时也能获得受保护。
protected:受保护
Methods Firstly, the protein in Hedysarum semenovii Regelet Herd. was hydrolysated into amino acids by excessive hydrochloric and then used analyse the amino acids with acid automatic analyser.
方法先用过量的盐酸将天山岩黄芪中的蛋白质水解的成氨基酸，然后采用氨基酸自动分析仪对其进行分析测定。
hydrolysated:水解的
Control of slopping and re- drying on converter were analyzed and studied by furnace gas hot juntion analyser.
利用炉气热端分析了仪对转炉喷溅及返干的控制进行了分析了研究。
analyzed:分析了
The nmon_analyser tool is designed to work with the latest version of nmon, but it is also tested with older versions for backwards compatibility.
nmon_analyser工具设计用于最新版本的nmon，但出于向后兼容性的考虑，也使用旧版本对其进行了测试过。
tested:测试过
Divide project into components: For defect analysis and tracking back to development stage, we should divide the project into several components.
将项目分成组件：为了分析缺点以及跟踪到开发阶段，我们应该将这个项目划分成几个组件。
defect:缺点
The anarchic global structure also makes it impossible for governments to fully trust each other, forcing states to be guided solely by their own national interests.
无政府状态的全球体系，使得各国政府不可能给与彼此全然的相信，迫使各国仅仅以各自的民族利益为导向。
trust:相信
Without having lost any of the genial anarchism with which they helped revolutionize the life style of young people in Britain, Europe and the U .S., they have moved on to a higher artistic plateau.
他们保留了自己一贯的无政府主义风格，这种风格曾在英国、欧洲、美国的年轻人的生活方式上掀起革新，在此基础上他们又迈向更高的艺术台阶。
revolutionize:革新
Anarchism is a term describing a cluster of doctrines and attitudes whose principal uniting feature is the belief that government is both harmful and unnecessary.
无政府主义是一个描述一系列教条和态度的专业术语，它的主要团结的特点是认为政府是有害并且多余的。
uniting:团结
Anarchism is a term describing a cluster of doctrines and attitudes whose principal uniting feature is the belief than government is both harmful and unnecessary.
无政府主义是一个描述一系列教义和态度的术语，它的最主要的团结的观点是政府是有害且没有必要的。
uniting:团结
A voluntary society (i.e.“ anarchy ”) is not an end in itself; it’s just that living in one would make onelive a happy and moral life.
一个自愿性的社会（比如说无政府）其本身并非目的；而只是活的在那种世界里，人们会过上幸福和正派的活的。
living:活的
A specific foreign receiver is analyzed and researched in this paper Firstly, we anatomize the receiver.
为此，本文对国外接收芯片进行了分析了研究。
analyzed:分析了
Mutations in genes governing cell growth and death can affect the anatomy of a region of cortex.
执政的细胞生长和死亡的基因突变可以影响大脑皮质区的解剖学特征。
governing:执政的
The more mutations in the gene, the faster that species has evolved since it split from the common ancestor.
从共同的祖先那里分离之后，这种基因中的变异越多，说明这个物种的进化的就越快。
evolved:进化的
For the signed form corresponding to the one given in listing 1, a new document with as the document element must be created with namespaces inherited from all ancestor nodes.
对于与清单1相对应的已签表单，必须使用从所有祖先节点继承的名称空间创建一个新文档，其中包含文档元素。
signed:签
To study mass media, we cannot discuss any phenomenon without its relative social reality. So does the case of anchorman's study.
对媒体进行学习离不开与其相关的社会环境，以及连接媒体和社会的中间桥梁——广播电视节目主持人。
study:学习
Anchorwoman Jane Pauley of NBC's "Today" show, left, breaks down in tears at the end of a half- hour memorial tribute to musician John Lennon, Dec. 9, 1980, as Tom Brokaw looks on.
主播简波利NBC的“今日”节目，左边，难过得哭了在一个半小时的纪念音乐家约翰列侬致敬12月91980年底，汤姆布罗考看起来。
left:左边
Their cash flow is much more positive. They benefit more from ancillary revenue.
他们拥有非常好的现金流，并从辅助益处中获益。
benefit:益处
What to do: See a doctor, who will likely first check you for underlying conditions related to PLMD. Diabetes, thyroid disorders, anemia, and a number of other conditions can cause PLMD.
怎么做：看医生，他会首先检查潜在的与周期性肢体运动障碍有关的的情况，糖尿病、甲状腺机能障碍、贫血和一些其他疾病会导致周期性肢体运动障碍。
related:有关的
A trained midwife could have given her a deworming pill and iron supplements early in the pregnancy, addressing that anemia and strengthening her.
任何一位受过训练有素的产婆都会在她怀孕初给她一粒驱虫丸和补铁药，提醒她贫血的危害，为她鼓气。
trained:训练有素
The anemone, an inhabitant of deep-sea reefs, closes its jaws to trap its prey and to protect itself when threatened.
这种海葵生活在深海礁石上，通过合拢口部捕捉猎物或者受到受到威胁时保护自己。
threatened:受到威胁
He's an anesthesiologist, and he admitted to giving young female patients rectal and vaginal exams without documenting why.
这位麻醉师承认曾给一些女患者在没有记录记录的情况下进行直肠以及阴道检查。
documenting:记录
Objective To study the anterograde amnesia caused by midazolam which was used by patient-controlled sedation and anesthetist- controlled sedation.
目的学习咪达唑仑自控镇静与医师控制镇静这两种镇静方法的区别。
study:学习
Pain, resentment, guilt, anger, and fear … all of these feelings bubble up inside of us when we think back on our mistakes or the mistakes of those dear to us.
当我们想起自己或那些我们曾珍视的人对我们犯过的错误时，诸如痛苦，怨恨，罪恶感，愤怒和害怕等感情就会充斥我们的身体。
fear:害怕
An anger management class is a way to teach people how to express their anger in a controlled, healthy way.
愤怒管理班是教会人们如何以一个保持在受控范围内、健康的方式表达愤怒的一个途径。
controlled:受控
The therapy, carried out by Chicago's Northwestern University, halved the number of bouts of angina chest pain.
该疗法由芝加哥西北大学研制，使心绞痛的发病几率减少减半。
halved:减半
Despite spending equal times angling in open water areas and in areas with refuge, the researcher caught more fish in the areas with refuge -- a habitat that appeals more to timid fish.
花费相同时间，在开阔水域钓鱼，或是在有遮掩物的水域钓鱼，收获是不一样的：在有庇护的水域中捕捞，收获更多。这种栖息地吸引更多胆小的鱼类。
angling:钓鱼
The Angolan government spent millions of dollars registering voters and funding the campaign.
安哥拉政府耗费数百万美元用于选民注册，资助竞选。
registering:注册
Angora goats generally get their hair cut two times a year, in the spring and fall.
安哥拉山羊通常一年剪两次毛，分别在春天和落下。
fall:落下
That's in keeping with her expectations of the world (" nothing is free but the grace of God ") and she doesn't seem anguished by it, maybe because it doesn't violate her sense of justice.
这一结果符合了她的世界观（“只有仁慈的主是自由的”），因此她并没有感到痛苦的，这也许也是因为所有这一切没有触动她对正义的信仰。
anguished:痛苦的
Throughout the time of his obsession with Jordie Chandler, Jackson dated Lisa intermittently and after the case began, he took her support in “long, anguished phone calls ”, writes Taraborrelli.
在钱德勒的事件困扰杰克逊的过程中，他依然时常和丽萨约会，她以倾听他在电话中诉说的苦恼和痛苦的来支持他，塔拉博雷利这样写道。
anguished:痛苦的
Earlier this year, Ms. Gilbert published a follow- up book called “Committed, ” an anguished account of her ambiguous feelings about marrying her lover, called Felipe in the books.
今年年初，吉尔伯特女士出版了一本叫《坚定的》的书，讲述了她在是否嫁给她的爱人——书中名叫费利佩——的问题上，痛苦纠结的过程。
Committed:坚定的
The embassy has a sweeping entrance hall, multiple skylights, angular rooftops and traditional Chinese rock gardens sculpted into the terraced land.
新使馆有宽阔的入口大厅，有多重天花板，有带角的屋顶，梯田式的上有传统的中国假山园林。
terraced:梯田式的
What about studies that involve animal testing and take what they study on animals and apply it to humans?
涉及动物试验的学习并将动物学习应用到人类，对此你有何见解？
study:学习
3D Effects: Easily transform and animate any display object through 3D space while retaining full interactivity.
3D特效： 在保持完整交互性的同时，可以很轻松地让任何显示对象进行转换及生成动画效果。
transform:转换
From then on I always animated with two views of my character always showing, so that I could always tell if the animation was working from all sides.
从那以后，我就一直用两个视图做动画，以保证我的角色能得到展示，所以我总是说要动画就在所有视图在职的吧。
working:在职的
Then I went to the USC film school, where I first worked on production design, which is something I felt I was able and wanted to do, but soon was doing animation.
然后我又转到了南加州大学的电影学校开始从事产品设计工作过，这是一份我感觉自己有能力也有兴趣做的工作过，但是不久后就转做动画。
worked:工作过
No problem! I am a senior animator and I also direct depending on the project I am working on.
没问题，我是一名高级动画师并且也导演我所负责的在职的项目。
working:在职的
Vanity, egotism, and pride – they all hide a subtle unhappiness, a cleverly disguised animosity.
虚荣、自负、骄傲，这些都暗含着一种微妙的不快，一种巧妙伪装的的敌意。
disguised:伪装的
The spray drying technology conditions for the aniseed oil microencapsulation was studied.
研究了茴香油喷雾烘干微胶囊化的喷雾烘干工艺。
drying:烘干
Our main commodities include gum rosin, rosin ester, gum turpentine, sisal products, jute bag, canned vegetables, Star Aniseed, Cassia, essentials oils est.
公司经营的主要出口产品有：松香、树脂、松节油、剑麻产品、麻袋、水果罐装的、八角、桂皮、香料油等。
canned:罐装的
This is a great class for those with knee / ankle problems and varying fitness levels due to the fact that you can exercise at your own pace.
由于这项锻炼能依自己的节奏决定锻炼的快慢，所以对于膝关节/踝关节有问题及健康状况不同的人都是一项极好的锻炼。
exercise:锻炼
For example, one module could extract or annotate a person from the text, while another tries to find relationships between these annotations.
例如，一个模块从本文提炼和注释人员，另一个模块查找这些注释之间的关系。
extract:提炼
Looking back at Listing 7, notice that its annotation declares that it supports asynchronous processing and sets the timeout.
回头看看清单7，注意它的标注宣布它支持异步处理，并设置了超时时间。
declares:宣布
IBM does not announce what features will be provided in releases before they ship, but I would expect these to be officially supported around the middle of 2003.
在这些发行版面世之前，IBM 并没有宣布它们要提供什么功能，但我希望在2003 年年中左右这些功能能够得到官方支持的。
supported:支持的
The code in this table is a little more complicated because it constructs a table row for each announcement.
这个清单中的代码稍微有点儿复杂，因为它要为每个公告结构体一个表格行。
constructs:结构体
The announcer read out the names of the players before the game began.
比赛开始了前，播音员宣读了运动员的名字。
began:开始了
This does mean that you have to deal with the initial headaches associated with finding good help, but once you have a reliable system in place, you should avoid some of those more annoying tasks.
这就意味着你必须处理与寻求好帮手联系的最初的令人头痛的事。但是一旦你具有了一个可靠的系统的话，你就叫应该避免一些更加恼人的工作。
associated:联系
The anode and the cathode of the battery have already been built, but the pieces still need to be assembled and tested.
电池的正负极都已经做好了，但是其他部件还需要组装和测试过。
tested:测试过
We have an anodyne myth that everybody who works full-time in this country can somehow make do: The "secret" to their making do is generally a Visa card, with a balance that they never pay off.
我们有一个麻痹人的神话，就是这个国家的每一个全职作品的人，无论如何能够过得下去的。他们能过得下去的“秘密”通常是一张帐面负债从未付清的Visa卡。
works:作品
Fortunately most, if not all of the code will be JIT'ed fairly early on in the benchmark so we can just treat it like any other startup anomaly.
幸运的是，如果不是所有的代码在测试的早期就进行JIT化对待，那么我们可以将它视为另外一种启动时的异常现象。
treat:对待
The Anon Ops website was taken down suddenly despite having upgraded to what PandaLabs describe as a ‘ bullet-proof server ’ designed to resist botnet attacks.
尽管AnonOps网站已经升级了设计的用来抵御僵尸攻击并被PandaLabs形容为“防弹服务器”的系统，但是仍然被迫宕机。
designed:设计的
It is analyzed and pointed out that for the perfectly elastoplastic structure the equation of motion is nothing but a two -phase linear system with anon -off switch.
经过深入的分析了研究，本文指出描述单自由度弹性完全塑性结构的运动方程，可以转换成两相的线性微分方程及一个开关机制。
analyzed:分析了
But soon, as her daughter began to put on weight, the psychological problems associated with anorexia — like depression, anxiety and isolation — also began to diminish.
但是很快，作为她的女儿开始增重，心理问题与象消沉，忧虑的厌食—联系，并且隔离—也开始减少。
associated:联系
"If you e - mailed a question, it would take days to get an answer back and lots of times it was just an automated response," she says.
“如果你用邮件发出一个问题，要等好几天才有答复，很多次数这些答复都是自动的回复的。”她说。
automated:自动的
Being unable to comply with your dam request, and being unable to contact you on your dam answering machine, I am sending this response to your dam office.
因为不能遵守你们部门的整改海狸水坝要求，也没办法通过该死的答录机接触上你们
contact:接触
In the next scene, Sarah calls too late to warn her; the answering machine picks up instead (the recorded greeting: "Hi there.
莎拉打打电话警告她，可是为时已晚，只听到打电话答录机的声音（录制的欢迎词“嗨，你好。
calls:打电话
'MySpace doesn't set up something for you to create an introduction video, but kind of like a telephone answering machine, you assume a certain kind of voice and say certain things.'
MySpace网站上没有什么放能让用户创建自我介绍视频内容，它就像一个电话语音应答机，用户用某种类型的声音说某些套话。
set:放
Finally free from the SHU, Sucre immediately calls Maricruz from the yard payphone and starts leaving a suggestive message on her answering machine.
Sucre总算是出了禁闭了，他马上在院子里打打电话给Maricruz，并且在她的打电话答录机上留下挑逗性质的信息。
calls:打电话
If someone calls you on the telephone, you pick it up (unless you have an answering machine, voice mail or you are just plain rude) and the conversation begins.
如果某人打你打电话，你拿起打电话，然后开始对话（除非你有自动答录机、语音邮件或者你本来就是一个“大老粗”）。
calls:打电话
But, luckily, the cost of living in an ant village is affordable.
然而庆幸的是,“蚁村”的活的成本是可以承受的。
living:活的
Mr Bush's cavalier rejection of the Kyoto protocol, and his hostility to the ICC, did much to antagonise the world even before the war in Iraq.
甚至在伊拉克战争前，布什也做过很多对抗世界的事，如傲慢排斥反应的恭子议定书，敌意提交世界刑事法院。
antagonise:对抗
While public attention has focused on wind turbines as a menace to birds, a new study shows that a far greater threat may be posed by a more familiar antagonist: the pet house cat.
当公众专注的把风力涡轮机作为鸟类的威胁时，新研究表明，一种较为熟悉的敌手--宠物家猫可能会给鸟类造成更为巨大的威胁。
focused:专注的
This paper introduces Martial Requirement, Progress Trend and Aim, Key Technic, Research Content and Means etc on Network Antagonize.
本文介绍网络对抗技术的军事需求、发展趋势、发展目的、关键技术、研究内容以及研究方法等内容。
Aim:目的
Krill, the whales ’ main source of food, are threatened by higher ocean temperatures and melting sea ice around the Antarctic, which would in turn hurt the whales ’ chances of survival.
在南极地区，由于海洋温度的上升和海冰的融化，露脊鲸主要的食物来源南极磷虾受到了严重受到威胁，这反过来也危及到了鲸类的生存。
threatened:受到威胁
This sea, part of the Southern Ocean, borders the west side of the Antarctic Peninsula, near South America, and is home to elephant seals and Adélie penguins.
这片海，作为南大洋的一部分，是南极半岛的西部边框。它靠近南美洲，是象海豹和阿德利企鹅的家园。
borders:边框
From time to time he would struggle, but when we took him outside he just walked a couple of yards away and stood there, still puzzled, I suppose, by the antics of the Antarctic visitors.
有时候在我们手中它挣扎得很厉害，但是当我们把它放在外面时，它只走了几步就定在那儿，我猜想是不是我们这些南极访客们奇怪的走了姿势让它感到迷惑不解？
walked:走了
He worked with a team of biologists who have spent years tagging humpback whales near Brazil and tracking them as they migrate to Antarctic waters.
他在一个由多名生物学家组成的组里工作过，他们用多年时间研究巴西附近的座头鲸并且追踪他们迁徙至南极海域的路线。
worked:工作过
Source- related factors, target-related factors and contextual factors are identified as antecedent constructs for alternative influence strategy choices.
本研究发现「影响者有关的因素」、「被影响者有关的因素」，以及「系络因素」等三种因素为影响策略选择行为之先行构念。
related:有关的
He knew how to make the salt caravan to Bilma, how to find grazing in the desert, how to hunt antelope in the canyons and wild sheep in the mountains.
他知道怎么把盐队带到比尔马（尼日尔东北部的一个绿洲小镇），怎么发现沙漠里的牧草，怎么在峡谷打猎羚羊和在山里打野生绵羊。
hunt:打猎
On the African continent, Ebola infections of human cases have been linked to direct contact with gorillas, chimpanzees, monkeys, forest antelope and porcupines found dead in the rainforest.
在非洲大陆，人们感染埃博拉病例与直接的接触雨林中发现死亡的大猩猩、黑猩猩、猴子、森林羚羊和豪猪有关。
direct:直接的
In a semi- protected environment, they and other tigers have spent four years "learning" how to mate and to kill guinea fowl, antelope and blesbok.
在半受保护的环境中，它们和其它老虎一起生活了四年，学到了如何进行交配以及怎样捕食珍珠鸡、羚羊和大羚羊。
protected:受保护
It was my first night duty worked in a gynecology ward which connected with the ante- natal ward.
这是我一生中在夜阑人静时却要集中精神工作过的开始，那是个妇科病房，也与一个产前房相连。
worked:工作过
The likely impact of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection on child mortality was also estimated from antenatal clinic surveillance data.
根据产前临床监测数据，我们还对艾滋病毒感染对儿童死亡率可能产生的影响做出了估计的。
estimated:估计的
As a way of monitoring stress, the investigators tracked neural activity in the anterior cingulate cortex, a part of the brain involved in conflict, uncertainty and monitoring errors.
为了监控紧张程度，研究者测量了前扣带皮层的神经活动，这一脑区会参与冲突、不确定性以及错误监控。
monitoring:监控
Among other things, this means raiding parties can go any direction from the anthill, because nobody has to remember some complicated rule about turning left or turning right.
这样，蚁冢中的蚂蚁群可以自由行进，因为无须忌讳向左边或向右的复杂规则。
left:左边
The same goes for spore diseases like anthrax, where it's in the soil -- "you can't get rid of that unless you concrete the entire world, because it's in the soil.
通过孢子传播的疾病情况也相同，例如炭疽病就存在于土壤中--“由于它存在于土壤中，除非把整个世界浇注上具体的，不然无法根除炭疽病。”
concrete:具体的
When he's not writing, he teaches anthropology and gender studies in Las Vegas, NV.
当他不写作的时候，他在内华达州拉斯维加斯教导人类学和性别学。
teaches:教导
One can also investigate religious studies, cultural anthropology and art history courses for things related to Egypt.
此外，还可以在宗教研究、文化人类学和艺术史课程中探求与埃及有关的的内容。
related:有关的
''We were very surprised to see the virus was mutating around these antibodies ,'' he said.''As a result, the antibody isn't entirely successful in getting rid of the virus in people with HIV.
他说：“我们很惊奇地发现艾滋病病毒会在这种抗体周围发生变异的，结果，这种抗体就不能完全消除这些已经感染艾滋病的人体内的病毒。”
mutating:变异的
Master the way your new language structures and constructs the sentence —to the point that you can anticipate what's coming next as the sentence unfolds.
掌握你要学习的新的语言的形态结构体及其句型结构——这样你就能够预料接下来出现在句子中的将会是什么。
constructs:结构体
Anticipated pleasure motivates both women and men to have casual sex and women would accept more casual sex offers from men if they believed that they would get good sex out of the encounter.
期望得到快乐是男人也是女人愿意接受随意性行为的激励。如果女人相信他们能够从性偶遇中获得好的性，那么她们就会愿意接受更多的邀请。
motivates:激励
Yet most who have served come away with a favorable experience, have been more diverse in age and occupation than anticipated and claim to have understood all or almost all of the proceedings.
然而很多陪审员积累了有用的经验、在年龄和职业上比预期的更多样化，并且宣称明白和所有的或者几乎所有的审判进程。
understood:明白
Anticipatory breach, one of the important rules of the modern contract law of common law, was first developed by English court.
预期违约是英美现代合同法的重要制度，该制度最初起源于英国的合同法判例，经过长期的发达已相当成熟和完善。
developed:发达
But the researchers disproved that by showing that blindfolded volunteers walked in circles but without any preference for going clockwise or anti-clockwise.
但是研究者们提出反驳，因为被蒙住眼睛的志愿者并没有偏向于顺时针或者逆时针的绕圈子走了。
walked:走了
It can be connected to the prime mover directly or with Triangle belt. The machine can run clockwise or anti- clockwise and keep working under normal condition.
本系列发电机可与原动机直接联接或用三角皮带联接。发电机可正、反两方向转动。连续额定在职的。
working:在职的
At the same time the author points out that the polygon vertexes can be sorted clockwise or anticlockwise by judging the sign of the vector polygon area.
同时指出可以通过判断矢量多边形面积的正负值将多边形的顶点按照顺时针或逆时针方向分类。
sorted:分类
Adding surfactant with larger steric structure and longer linear chain could significantly improve the anti - repeated heating and shear -resistant properties of the pour point depressant.
添加有较大的空间结构和较长直链的表面活性剂对原油流动性改进剂抗重复加热和抗剪切能力的提升效果最好；
improve:提升
During the winter months, the pump circulates a mix of water and glycol (antifreeze) into the wells through loops of pipe.
在冬季，地热泵会将水与乙二醇（防冻剂）的混合物泵入深入地热井的管道中进行流通。
circulates:流通
Keep cleaning supplies, antifreeze, fertilizer, de-icing materials and pesticides in a place pets can’t easily access.
将打扫用品、防冻剂、肥料和杀虫剂放在宠物不易够取的地方。
cleaning:打扫
Lassa fever is diagnosed by detection of Lassa antigen, anti- Lassa antibodies, or virus isolation techniques.
拉沙热通过发现拉沙抗原、抗拉沙抗体或病毒分离技术进行确诊。
diagnosed:确诊
Then they injected both groups of mice with an antigen, a substance that attracts the attention of the immune system.
然后向这两组老鼠的体内注入抗原---一种会引起免疫系统反应的物质。
injected:注入
Antigen - antibody complexes may be chemotactic for phagocytes, or they may activate complement, a process that produces both cell lysis and substances chemotactic for neutrophils and macrophages.
抗原抗体复合物，可为吞噬细胞趋化，也可以启用补体，在这个过程既产生细胞裂解也有中性粒细胞和巨噬细胞对物质的趋化作用。
activate:启用
Many current blood tests, such as the prostate specific antigen, or PSA, test for prostate cancer, simply check for elevated levels of a specific protein.
目前很多血检，如前列腺特性抗原(PSA)血检等仅是对某一具体蛋白质含量超标状况进行查看。
check:查看
ResultsThe all therapy methods had efficiency, and united therapy methods had the best curative effect, such as anti- histamine medicine, glucocorticoid, calcium gluconates, vitamin E, and so on.
结果采用抗组胺药物、糖皮质激素、葡萄糖酸盐酸钙、维生素E、外用硼酸溶液、薄荷炉甘石洗液、尤卓尔等都有一定疗效，联合治疗疗效更佳。
gluconates:葡萄糖酸盐
ConclusionThe best is united therapy method with anti- histamine medicine, glucocorticoid, calcium gluconates, vitamin E and the externally applied agent.
结论最为有效的方法是采用抗组胺药物、糖皮质激素、葡萄糖酸盐酸钙、维生素E以及外用药物等联合治疗。
gluconates:葡萄糖酸盐
As slow and antiquated as it may seem, the vast majority of the world's goods are transported by sea, making ships absolutely essential to the smooth functioning of the global economy.
虽然航运看似缓慢又过时，但绝大多数的世界货物运送都经由海运。这使得船舶成为世界经济顺利运转的不可或缺的一环。
transported:运送
We feature G - 1 Flight Jackets designed in Military Spec Goatskin, durable Cowhide and Antiqued Lambskin - from the top manufacturers - Legendary, Cockpit & Schott nyc.
我们提供的G-1飞行夹克在军事规格的山羊皮，耐用的牛皮和羊皮仿古设计的-从顶级制造商-传奇，驾驶舱和肖特纽约。
designed:设计的
So as Rabbinic ideas and as Rabbinic practices developed in late antiquity, they taught that they should reject the Greek bible, not use the Greek bible.
随着犹太教思想的习俗在古代的发达,他们训诫人们应该拒绝,希腊语圣经，不使用希腊语圣经。
developed:发达
Around the world, the Jewish people were persecuted for centuries, and anti- Semitism in Europe culminated in an unprecedented Holocaust.
犹太人在世界各地经受了很多世纪的迫害，反犹太主义被前所未有的大屠杀推到高潮。
culminated:高潮
How else can we explain shocking, heinous, and antisocial acts of violence that strike fear in our hearts?
这些令人震惊、令人发指和反社会的暴力行为在我们心中造成的害怕，我们应如何解释？
fear:害怕
Zalasiewicz and his colleagues believe that adopting the concept of the Anthropocene could do away with the old antithesis between man and nature.
扎拉斯维奇和他的同事相信采用接受人类世的概念可以消除人与自然之间古老的对立关系。
adopting:采用
The arrows were found in a quiver with what is presumed to be a bow string, a tool of some sort, and some antler which might have been used for making arrow points.
箭头被发现在一个什么是推定为弓弦，某种工具，以及一些可能被用于制造箭头指向用过的鹿茸颤动。
used:用过的
Objective To study effective function mechanism of Pilose antler peptide on OA.
目的探索鹿茸多多肽治疗骨性关节炎有效作用机制。
peptide:多肽
Objective To study the rehabilitative effect of velvet antler polypeptides - PLGA compound membrane on peripheral nerve injury.
目的：学习鹿茸多肽-PLGA复合膜对周围神经损伤修复的促进作用。
study:学习
It includes rape, defined as the physically forced or otherwise coerced penetration of the vulva or anus with a penis, other body part or object.
它包括强奸，其定义的为使用身体的强迫或其他强制方式，用阴茎、身体的其它部位或物体对阴部或肛门的强迫插入。
defined:定义的
I have not any power in the firm except to recommend.
我在公司里除了有推荐之权外，什么实权也没有。
recommend:推荐
Anyhow, did you know that smoking an affect our sleeping patterns too?
不管怎样，你知道抽烟也是一个影响睡眠的因素吗？
smoking:抽烟
It was studied that ammonia - oxidizing bacteria (AOB) community in a nitrifying suspension tower for biochemical flocculation process, using PCR - DGGE technique.
利用PCR-DGGE分析技术，对于化学生物絮凝处理工艺中悬浮填料塔的氨氧化细菌（AOB ）群落进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
On the lower part of the lung, they grafted the replacement bronchial tube made from reconstituted aorta.
在肺底部，他们植入了由主动脉重构制成的人工气管替代物。
reconstituted:重构
The other, the aorta, transports freshly oxygenated blood to the rest of the body.
而主动脉则将带有新鲜充氧的的血液送往全身各处。
oxygenated:充氧的
Some argue that torture is justified if our survival is threatened, but even apart from the elasticity of this justification, it is flawed because it depends on an equivocation.
有人说，如果我们的生存受到了受到威胁，酷刑就是正当的；但是这一辩辞除了其伸缩性之外，还有别的瑕疵——它依赖于含糊其辞。
threatened:受到威胁
All existing apartment house incinerators were to be closed or improved according to a specific timetable.
根据特定的时间表，封闭或改进所有公寓已有的家用焚化炉装置。
according:根据
The more you direct your life towards Falsehood, Apathy and Powerlessness, the more you’ll regress in your life instead of improve.
你越是把生活指向谎言、冷漠和无能为力，你的生活就会倒退得越多而不会有所提升。
improve:提升
First, one of the most researched and best understood phenomenon in psychology is bystander apathy or the bystander effect.
首先,心理学中最受广泛研究过和理解的现象是 “旁观者冷漠”或者 “旁观者效应”.
researched:研究过
One of these gene machines, a social and bipedal ape, began to imitate.
这些“基因机器”其中的一个，一个群居的两足人猿开始了模拟。
imitate:模拟
When you press the shutter release on the camera, a complex sequence of events occurs, including setting the aperture in the lens, flipping up the mirror of an SLR and a lot more.
实际上，当你按下快门时，一套复杂的程序开启，包括镜头内光圈的环境、一块单镜头反射镜的升起和其他更多的步骤。
setting:环境
While most conventional airborne radars rely on some form of mechanically scanned antenna to transmit and receive signals, active electronically scanned array (AESA) sensors employ a fixed aperture.
当多数常规机载雷达依靠机械已扫描天线收发信号的时候，有源电子已扫描阵列（AESA）传感器却使用固定的孔径。
scanned:已扫描
Given that the world has gravity, that upward velocity won't last long; eventually, the sphere reaches the apex and begins its descent.
由于这个环境中具有地心引力，因此向上的速度不会坚持很久；最后的这个球会上升到顶点并开始下降。
last:最后的
Aphasia can be studied in order to discover how the brain processes language.
通过研究过失语症可以揭示大脑是如何处理语言的。
studied:研究过
Methods 60 stroke aphasia patients were divided into treatment group and control group randomly. The cases in control group were trained by traditional language rehabilitation training.
方法60例脑卒中失语患者随机分为观察组和对照组，对照组对患者进行传统的语言康复训练有素；
trained:训练有素
A Russian wheat aphid spread to the United States in 1986, threatening the entire nation ’s commercial wheat crop.
1986年，一种俄罗斯麦蚜虫在美国传播，对美国全国的小麦作物构成威胁的。
threatening:威胁的
The researchers argue that staying near the dead increases an individual aphid's chances for survival and that aphids are stimulated by the presence of corpses to behave in this way.
研究人员还力图求证，临近同伴尸体可以增加蚜虫个体的生存机率，以及蚜虫是受到同伴尸体的受刺激才会相信这样做可以逃避攻击。
stimulated:受刺激
But the scientific reason why avocados make sense as an aphrodisiac is that they are rich in unsaturated fats and low in saturated fat, making them good for your heart and your arteries.
但是，从科学角度来看，鳄梨之所以作为一种壮阳剂是因为它们含有丰富的不饱和的脂肪和较低的饱和的脂肪，对你的心脏和动脉非常有益。
saturated:饱和的
In 2009, fraternity brothers Jake Medwell and Jonathan Shriftman gained a strong following with their new and colorful fixed gear bikes sold from their house at a fixed price of $310 apiece.
2009年，同在兄弟会的杰克•迈德维尔和乔纳森•施里夫特曼开始在寝室出售色彩各异的固定的齿轮自行车，每台310美元。
fixed:固定的
There is oil aplenty of other sorts (tar sands, liquefied coal and so on), so the stuff is unlikely to run out for a long time yet.
而其它种类的油料极其丰富（含油砂、液化的煤气等），因此，在很长时间内，这种原料都不可能耗尽。
liquefied:液化的
Bestselling author and Christian apologist Josh McDowell hopes The New Evidence That Demands a Verdict will further document historical evidence of the Christian faith.
最畅销作家与基督教辩护士说笑一筹莫展，希望有新的证据，要求判决将进一步证明基督教信仰的历史文献。
Bestselling:最畅销
Objective To investigate the clinical efficacy of acupuncture plus moxa and TDP irradiation for the treatment of post - apoplectic paralytic limb swelling.
目的观察针刺加艾绒、热设计计划照射治疗中风后瘫侧肢体肿胀的临床效果。
TDP:热设计计划
Due to the apoplectic damage, it is the degenerative consequence after thoroughly developed the intelligence.
是在智能获得充分发达后，由于中风的损害造成退化的结果。
developed:发达
OBJECTIVE :To investigate rehabilitation approaches of shoulder paralysis and pain caused by apoplexy.
客观的：探讨中风肩瘫伴肩痛患者的有效康复治疗方法。
OBJECTIVE:客观的
Abstract: Objective :To study the correlation between the patients with ischemic apoplexy and the related data of blood rheology and the microcirculation of nail rugae.
文摘：目的：学习缺血性中风患者血流变和甲襞微循环改变的关系。
study:学习
Methods The prognosis of the patients with acute blood deficiency cerebral apoplexy was analyzed during two periods before and after practicing comprehensive nursing.
方法对实行综合护理前后两个时期内急性缺血性脑卒中的患者的预后进行分析了对比研究。
analyzed:分析了
H is an Herb Shop, a native apothecary or Chinese druggist. Its ranks are gradually thinning because imported herbs are banned.
是中草药铺，就是天然草药商或是中药商。药铺的规模一般都不是很大，因为美国禁止一些药材进口的。
imported:进口的
With experience, and with improved apparatus, it is now possible not only to locate a shoal but to tell if it is herring, cod, or other well- known fish, by the pattern of its echo.
根据经验和改进了的仪器，不仅能够确定鲱鱼群的位置，而且可以根据鲱鱼群回声的特点分辨出是鲱鲱鱼、鳕鲱鱼，这是人们所熟悉的其他鲱鱼。
herring:鲱鱼
It may not be the most appealing aspect of work, but developing references for the off chance that you are going to need them in the future is a crucial part of working.
这或许不是在职的最有吸引力的一面，但为那万分之一的机会，发展这些你将来可能用到的参考，是在职的中的一个关键部分。
working:在职的
These elements can be sorted, or processed in the order they appear.
可以对这些元素分类，或以其出现的顺序处理它们。
sorted:分类
Since they have adopted the al- Qaeda appellation, some of these groups may now seek to avenge him.
既然他们已经认可了基地组织这个称呼，其中一些群体开始向他展开报仇行动。
avenge:报仇
To properly append something to the end of the list, you'll need to know the location of that end (see Listing 7).
要正确地将一些东西附加到清单末尾，需要知道此末尾的位置（参见清单7）。
Listing:清单
Usually, additional language binding appendices are included in such documents which detail how the interfaces described with theIDL correspond to constructs in the given language.
通常，这些文档还要在附录中另外给出一个语言捆绑，以详细描述用IDL描述的接口如何与给定语言的构造成分相对应。
binding:捆绑
The Cleaner Living study by domestic appliance manufacturer Miele revealed a host of cleaning errors we make and ways in which we try to hide the dirt away.
家用电器制造商美诺公司开展的“让生活更打扫”研究显示，我们在打扫上犯了很多错误，而且用许多办法来遮盖尘污。
cleaning:打扫
It is worth noting, however, that it is often possible to port a virtual appliance to another format, provided that the specification of the new format is open or that you have access to it.
但是，有一点值得注意到，假如这种新格式的规范是公开的，或者您拥有访问它的权限，那么将一种虚拟设备移植到另一种格式通常是可行的。
noting:注意到
The service payloads could be encoded in SOAP messages; however these ideas are applicable even when the messages employ other encodings.
服务有效负荷可以被编码的进SOAP消息；即使在消息使用其它编码的时，这些想法也是可应用的。
encoded:编码的
This means you need to re- evaluate what new constraints on system context are, what current constraints are no longer applicable, and what part of goals and requirements can be reused.
这意味着您需要关于-评估施加在系统上下文上的新约束是什么，哪些当前约束不再适用，以及目标和需求的哪些部分可以重用。
re-:关于-
All in all, a qualified applicant must have several million yuan in hand in cash. But many Chinese today can certainly qualify.
总而言之，一个拥有合格的申请者手头上必须有数百万元现金，今天很多中国人都有合格申请。
qualify:合格
Add a dazzling metallic finish to your eyes. This liquid eyeliner is available in two trendy colors and features a fine applicator wand for precise application.
加上令人眼花缭乱的金属闪光漆，以你的眼睛是雪亮的。这深邃眼眸印象自然是提供两种流行色和特征罚款器棒，为准确应用。
features:特征
It will collect and evaluate new information on applied technology and best practices, process this information and foster its exchange and dissemination.
它也将搜集和评价应用技术和最佳实践方面的新信息，处理这些信息并促进其交流与散播。
evaluate:评价
The company specializes in producing household textiles with arts and crafts features, such as cloth - cut and applique, patchwork, embroideries, hand quiltings and so on.
公司专攻从事生产经营具有剪布贴花、拼布、刺绣及手工绗缝等工艺特色的家用纺织品。
specializes:专攻
According to the statute, each appointee should be a person trained and educated in economics.
根据法案规定，每个成员必须受过正统的经济学教育和训练有素。
trained:训练有素
Tax and governmental reforms can and must apportion that bill more fairly; to the extent that the taxpayers' revolt is a protest against inequity, it is only too justified.
税收和政府改革必须能够使资金得到更公平的分摊；对于纳税人的反抗来说，抵制不公才是唯一的正义。
apportion:分摊
In the process of thinking and contradicting I have recollections and appraisal of myself.
在思维和辩论的过程中进行自我反思和评价。
thinking:思维
Having said that, Frank Visser has certainly studied this material as carefully as anybody, and I am deeply appreciative of his efforts to make an integral approach more available to the public.
我已经说过，弗兰克·维瑟显然对我的著作进行了非常深刻的研究过，而我也深深感激他的工作，感谢他使得整合方法更加通俗易懂，而面向大众。
studied:研究过
Since we are short of a systematic methods in economic apprise of technique and depreciation of fixed assets, we used to do qualitative analysis, never did quantitative analysis.
过去在进行技术经济评价或固定的资产折旧时，由于缺乏一套具体计算方法，通常只有定性分析，而无定量计算。
fixed:固定的
Designed to be more approachable, NEUTRAL is a reassessment of the traditional power drill to make it easier for non -handy people like myself.
拥有更加亲切的设计的，NEUTRAL为传统电钻做了一个新的诠释。对于像笔者这样不熟练的人来说，电钻更加易于使用。
Designed:设计的
The supposition did not pain her. She liked him too little to care for his approbation.
她作出了这个假想之后，并没有感到疼痛，因为她根本不喜欢他，因此不稀罕他的垂青。
pain:疼痛
OK, only do this when appropriate … but if you have a loved one in your life, give them a hug!
好吧，这个只是适当的时候才做。但如果你有爱过的人，请别吝啬给他们一个拥抱！
loved:爱过
Special appropriation allocated by the government to an enterprise shall be accounted for as government investment unless otherwise stipulated.
国家拨给企业的专项拨款，除另有规定的者外，应当作为国家投资入帐。
stipulated:规定的
Her slow rehabilitation speeded up just over a year ago when she was ranked, with government approval, one of the Top International Friends of China.
她的平反进行得很慢，只是在一年多之前，经政府批准她被列为“中国最佳国际友人”之一，平反才得以加速的进行。
speeded:加速的
By voting at NBA. com from Apr. 1 to Apr. 15, the winner of the fan vote counts one of the 125 votes used to determine this year's MVP.
粉丝只要在4月1号到15号之间登陆NBA.com网站进行表决，如果你最终获胜，你将是决定本年度最有价值球员的125票中的其中一票。
voting:表决
Little things like healthy snacks keep her from eating too much, too; her favourite snack, which she calls' almost a cookie ’, is a dried apricot with two almonds.
健康零食这样的小事情也使她免于吃得太多；她最喜欢的零食是带俩杏仁的干的杏子，她称其为“类似饼干的”。
dried:干的
For instance, a British short film once shown on April Fool's Day was a fairly detailed documentary about "spaghetti farmers" and how they harvest their crop from the spaghetti trees.
比如，在愚人节那天，曾经有一部英国短片较为详细地记录了“种意大利面的农民”，以及他们如何从意大利面树上收成意大利面。
harvest:收成
Direct access via a priori knowledge of the class (that is, you know in advance that you serializer only works for one specific class)
通过对类的预先了解直接访问（也就是，您预先知道您的序列化器只为一个特定的类作品）
works:作品
Don't hire people to fill the gaps in some a priori org chart. The only reason to hire someone is to do something you'd like to do but can't.
不要聘请人来填满你未来的组织结构图，聘请新人的唯一理由是你有些想要做的工作没人能够完成。
hire:聘请
EVERNOTE (FREE) The company advertises this as apersonal digital assistant, and it ’s an apt description.
EVERNOTE（免费）公司做广告称它是个人数字助理，这个描述很恰当。
advertises:做广告
Objective: The Scholastic Aptitude Test of Mathematics (SATm) for 3 ~ 4 Grades was development, the items were analyzed, and the reliabilities and validities were tested.
目的：初步编制3～4年级数学学业能力倾向测验，对测验的条目进行质量分析了，对测验的信度和效度进行检验。
analyzed:分析了
Aquamarine ’s CEO Martin McAdam, argues firms in the wave sector would benefit more from cooperation than competition at this early stage.
蓝宝石能源的CEOMartinMcAdam 认为在早期的波浪能利用方面进行合作的益处要远大于竞争。
benefit:益处
The National Aquarium in Baltimore also presents a dolphin show. It shows how young dolphins learn and develop the skills they need to survive.
巴尔的摩国立水族馆还向游客展示海豚节目，这些节目展示海豚是如何学习和掌握它们生存所必须的技能的。
shows:节目
People across the country are likely to spot the Aquarius meteor showers early Wednesday, astronomers forecast.
据我国天文学家预报，6日清晨，如果天色晴朗，我国大部分地区均可目睹到宝瓶座流星雨。
forecast:预报
The disappearance of the baiji would be the first instance of a large aquatic mammal being driven to extinction since hunting killed off the monk seal around 1952.
自1952年左右僧海豹由于人类打猎而惨遭灭绝以来，白暨豚的消失是大型水生哺乳动物被赶尽杀绝的第一例。
hunting:打猎
Research advance on the aqueous soluble active constituent from Dioscorea Nipponese Makino was reviewed, and the developmental prospect was analyzed.
对穿山龙水溶性有效成分的作用、研究进展等方面进行了系统介绍，并对其发展前景进行了分析了展望。
analyzed:分析了
The action figure skating player holds this position then spin is called arabesque spin.
在花样溜冰中，运动员保持这种姿势，然后旋转，即被称作燕式旋转。
skating:溜冰
Clearly isolationist, these objectives also condemn China to poverty: as a densely populated country with limited arable land, China needs internatioal trade to prosper.
如此明显的孤立主义目标给中国带来的是贫困：有限的可耕地和密集的人口，使中国需要国际贸易才能繁荣起来。
poverty:贫困
So when I read the UN hunger report, I do feel proud for what China has achieved, with only 7% of the world ’s arable land feeding 20% of the world ’s population.
因此，当我看到联合国关于消除饥饿的报告时，不禁为中国取得的达到而感到自豪，中国用占世界仅7%的可耕地，养活了占世界20%的人口。
achieved:达到
Perhaps the best reason for regulators to be suspicious about innovation is that so much of it in the modern world is aimed at facilitating regulatory and tax arbitrage.
监管者之所以对创新怀有疑虑，最关键的原因可能在于，现代社会中太多创新的瞄准的都是为监管和税收套利提供便利。
aimed:瞄准的
This paper proposes a simple model to confirm that the existence of arbitrage requires some benefit space in the game between noise trader and arbitrageur. So the arbitrage action is restricted.
一个简单的拍卖模型表明，套利者在与噪声交易者的博弈中，套利行为的产生需要一定的获利空间条件，因此套利者行为确实受到了受限制的。
restricted:受限制的
This is an arbitrary block of XML, which means it can be formatted to match any XML schema.
这是一个任意的XML块，这意味着可以对它进行格式化的来匹配任何XML模式。
formatted:格式化的
In fact, some people were assigned to walk in the arboretum during a Michigan winter.
事实上，有些参与者被要求在冬季去密歇根州的植物园走。
walk:走
Arbour's findings are detailed in the most recent issue of the Canadian Journal of Earth Sciences.
她将这项研究报告的详细的资料发表在近期出版的《加拿大地球科学》杂志上。
detailed:详细的
FROM fear of autocracy through euphoria to fear of chaos: over the past ten days, Egypt has been through an intense emotional arc.
从对独裁的害怕，经历兴奋，到对混乱的担忧，在过去十天内，埃及人经历了一次密集的弧线情感体验。
fear:害怕
If you're a fan of arcade hunting games like Big Buck Hunter, you'll love DeerHunter 3D.
如果你喜欢的是类似BigBuckHunter的打猎街机游戏，你一定会喜欢上DeerHunter3D 。
hunting:打猎
The arcane aura that surrounds personal computers is not just a "user interface" problem.
围绕在个人计算机环绕的神秘光环并不尽是一个“用户界面”的问题。
surrounds:环绕
Mr. Arabin assented and promised that the cellar should be reconstructed according to the archdeacon's receipt.
阿拉宾先生同意了，答应一定根据执事长的方法把地窖子翻造一下。
according:根据
The white canvas cover on the Conestoga wagon protected the freight from inclement weather; it was stretched taut over a series of wooden hoops that arched over the wagon bed.
康内斯托加式宽轮篷车的白色帆布保护货物免受恶劣天气的侵袭，篷车的底座上有很多拱形的的木箍，帆布就绷在其上。
arched:拱形的
It was arched in the way a bridge might be arched, to support weight.
这就如同拱形的桥梁的构造，脊椎动物的背部能支撑很大的重量。
arched:拱形的
She made many trips to the jungles of Mexico and Central America to study archeology.
她到墨西哥和中美洲的丛林做过多次旅行，学习考古学。
study:学习
Such PCLs could easily be expressed in XML and interpreted by the archetype plug-ins to facilitate the customization (selection and extension) of the existing features.
此类PCL可方便地用XML表示并通过原型插件解释的，以方便对现有功能的自定义（选择和扩展）。
interpreted:解释的
Louise Brooks, the archetypical American flapper, was photographed by Eugene Robert Richee in 1928.
这是1928年摄影师尤金.罗伯特为当时名噪一时的轻佻女郎露易丝.布鲁克斯拍摄的一张拍照。
photographed:拍照
This provocatively subverts the fundamental architectural conception of an opening as something, like a door, found at a fixed location.
这颠覆了一个开放式建筑的基本概念，比如在某一个固定的位置安装一扇门这样的习惯。
fixed:固定的
Data from personal observations and from archival and statistical records were also analysed.
同时对来自亲自观察和档案统计记录的资料进行分析了。
analysed:分析了
You can modify this to work with any sort of archiver, assuming you can find a way to feed it a list of files to archive through a pipe.
您可以对这个脚本进行调整，以便使用任何种类的存档工具，假定您找到了一种通过管道传递需要进行存档的文件列表的方法。
modify:调整
You can see how to retrieve individual notes, or notes by keyword, by trying out the test script or looking in the code archive.
通过尝试使用测试脚本或者在代码归档中查找，您可以查看如何按关键字取回单独提示或者多个提示。
retrieve:取回
Because you use verbose mode in both portions of the command, you can confirm whether the size of the archive created and extracted is identical.
因为在这个命令的两个部分中都使用了详细模式，所以可以确认创建的和提取的的存档的大小是否相同。
extracted:提取的
I happen to be an admirer of the archiving impulse and an inveterate archivist at the household level.
我是一个崇拜者存档冲动和一个积习已归档保管员在家庭一级。
archiving:归档
An archivist who specializes in documents of interest to genealogists, Potter says the first genealogy fair attracted about 500 people.
谁在一个档案工作者的专攻感兴趣的文件，以系谱，波特说，第一家谱公平吸引了约500人。
specializes:专攻
The relationship between the keyhole behavior and arc light emission flux is studied by spectroscopic method in plasma arc welding of stainless steel.
针对不锈钢穿孔等离子弧焊过程，熔池小孔的特征行为与弧光光谱辐射强度之间的关系进行了光谱试验研究过。
studied:研究过
This gives them a tie for first place in the memory efficiency arena, turning in a performance several times better than the data binding approaches using generated code.
这让它们在内存效率的“竞技场”上并列第一，从而产生了比使用生成代码的数据捆绑方法优越几倍的性能。
binding:捆绑
So our choices regarding "how far is too far" aren't about the behaviors themselves but about our esteem of God and His commands.
所以关于“多远才是最远”的选择不是对行为本身的选择，而是选择是否对上帝和他的指令尊敬。
regarding:关于
Expensive clothing is generally designed to make you look like an aristocrat who can afford couture.
昂贵的衣服通常都是以让你看起来像能买起高级时装的贵族为设计的理念的。
designed:设计的
I want to talk about this regime a little bit now what Aristotle understands to be the requirements or the fulfillments the necessities of this aristocratic republic.
我现在要来谈谈这种政体,在亚里士多德的明白下,什么是这种贵族共和的必备条件,其实现与必要性。
understands:明白
Readers who enjoy arithmetic can now answer a further question: what proportion of the federal debt is owed to foreigners?
喜欢算术的读者现在能回答一个进一步的问题：外国持有的联邦欠的比例是多少？
owed:欠的
Church authorities, however, say only one man, the guardian of the Ark, is allowed to see it, and they have never permitted it to be studied for authenticity.
教会方面则声称只有一个人，即约柜的守护人才被允许看见它，并且从未就真实性方面而让其供人研究过。
studied:研究过
Armament is defined as "the equipment necessary to wage and win battles ."
武器装备的定义的是“打赢战争的必备工具”。
defined:定义的
Unlike many jihadis, however, he lacked the courage to face men armed like him, and to offer his own life for his beliefs as well as the lives of others.
但是和许多圣战者不同的是，在杀了那么多人之后，他却没有勇气面对和他一样的武装的人员，也没有勇气为他的信仰献出他的生命。
armed:武装的
Security forces claim they were suicide bombers, though there was no indication the would-be suicide bombers were armed.
安全部队声称他们是自杀炸弹手，尽管没有证据显示这些自杀炸弹手有武装的。
armed:武装的
Way back in 1495, Leonardo da Vinci designed what was probably the first robot - an automated suit of armor with a windup crank.
回到1495年，列奥纳多·达芬奇设计了也许是世界上第一台机器人——一整套用曲柄发条驱动的自动的盔甲骑士。
automated:自动的
"Under our plan, the proportion of modern weapons and technology used by the army must radically increase between now and 2020," he said.
他说，根据我们的计划，从现在到2020年，军队对于现代武器和技术的用过的比例必须从根本上增加。
used:用过的
But then we were not being singled out, the entire country lives in a bubble of unreality, cut off from the outside world and watched by an army of informers.
但当时我们没有挑明这件事，整个国家生活在一个虚幻的泡沫中，切断了与外界的联系，时时受到一大群告密者的看了。
watched:看了
To study how a cigarette's contents impact human DNA, Hecht and his team used 12 volunteers to track PAHs, or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which are pollutants found in tobacco smoke.
为了学习香烟中的成分是怎样影响人类DNA的，赫克特和他的学习小组对12名志愿者进行了 PAH，即多环芳烃追踪。
study:学习
It arose out of very particular circumstances in the development of the Internet.
它的出现了是因为处于互联网发展这个特殊的环境背景。
arose:出现了
Contrary to popular wisdom, people surveyed said that their sexual pleasure was just as intense with condom use as it was without. This included arousal, pleasure and achieving orgasm.
与常识相反的是，接受被调查的人们说，他们带避孕套时性快感和不戴时是一样强烈的。这包括性唤起，性快感及达到性高潮。
surveyed:被调查
She says studentsjar about mainlydropoutmainly because their families need themtowork orbecauseparents arraign marriages arrangemarriagesfor girls.
她说学生罐辍学主要是因为他们的家庭需要他们工作，或是父母为女孩安排好了婚姻。
studentsjar:学生罐
He heehawed and said everything had been arranged only by him.
他狂笑着说所有这一切都是他一手策划安排的的。
arranged:安排的
The second level of unbinding, symbolized by a fire so totally out that its embers have grown cold, is what the arrant experiences after this life.
第二个层次的解脱，以火焰灭尽、余烬已冷作为符号化的，代表了阿罗汉此生以后的经验。
symbolized:符号化的
The loop simply iterates through the array and prints each line as it would do on the command line, but enforcing an XHTML break -line element after each print.
此循环迭代这个数组并打印每一行，与它在命令行上所做的无异，只不过在每次打印后均执行使用一个XHTML断行元素。
enforcing:执行
This object should be given the name of the remote procedure followed by the list of arguments all wrapped up into one PHP array object.
这个对象应该被给与远程过程的名称，后面跟随着由所有参数列表包裹成的一个PHP数组对象。
wrapped:包裹
The FBI threatened to search the banker's house and take his diaries, until his solicitor pointed out that this was unlawful as his client was not suspected of a serious arrestable offence.
FBI受到威胁要搜查那位银行家的住宅并取走他的日记，直到他的律师指出这是非法的，因为他的委托人未被怀疑有严重的可逮捕的罪行。
threatened:受到威胁
The arrival of a new type of investor is big news for startups, because there used to be only two and they rarely competed with one another.
一个新型的投资者的到来对于创业公司来说是个大消息，因为过去只有两种而且他们几乎不与彼此发生参加比赛。
competed:参加比赛
They found that what language is spoken by a community largely depends on the arrival of men, whether through the migration of pioneering farmers or military invasion.
他们发现团体中说什么语言很大程度上依赖于男性的到来，不论是通过开创性的农民的移民或是军事侵略。
pioneering:开创性的
The present consumption behaviour of female in China is of the following characteristics: arriviste consumption after inhibition, conflicting and symbolizing consumption.
目前我国女性消费行为呈现出下列的特点：受压抑之后的暴发户式的消费；言行不一的消费：象征性消费。
following:下列的
“If for some reason you are not willing to lead ,” he said, referring to an arrogant comment on leadership by one of the American delegates,“ leave it to the rest of us.
针对一名美国代表有关带领地位的傲慢发言，他倾斜着身子，靠向麦克风说：“如果出于某些原因，你们不愿意带头，那就把带领地位留给我们中其余的人。
lead:带领
Fielded since 2005, the M - TADS / PNVS, also known as Arrowhead, provides Apache pilots advanced pilotage and targeting capability when conducting day, night and adverse - weather missions.
自2005年部署以来，M-TADS/PNVS被称为“箭头”系统，可以向阿帕奇直升机飞行员提供先进的导航和定位能力，可以在昼夜以及不利的天气情况下执行任务。
targeting:定位
The granules, paste, gel and other properties of arrowroot starch were studied.
研究过测定竹芋淀粉颗粒、糊及其凝胶等特性。
studied:研究过
But these maps pinpoint areas where arsenic has not been tested for.
但是这些地图指出了那些尚未进行砷测试过的地区。
tested:测试过
There was Baghdad in the aftermath of the US invasion – a frenzy of arson and looting that emptied libraries and museums.
美国入侵伊拉克之后，余波不断，在巴格达就发生了一系列疯狂纵火以及洗劫图书馆和博物馆的掠夺活动。
looting:掠夺
Meyers says that exercise also limits inflammation associated with heart trouble, such as arteriosclerosis or hardening of the arteries around the heart, which may lead to heart attacks.
麦业尔表示，锻炼也限制了与动脉硬化或心脏动脉硬化（这可能导致心脏病发作）等心脏疾病联系的炎症。
associated:联系
During my first year as a medical student, however, I stood over a cadaver and learned about the eponymous lymph nodes, artery and vein, contained within, plus parts of the brachial nerve plexus.
然而，在我作为一名医学学生的第一年里，我看着一具尸体，学到了包含在里面的同名淋巴结、动脉和静脉，还有部分的臂神经丛。
learned:学到了
If the good guys win, or win enough of the time, we’re going to have a whole new art form.
如果好人赢，或者赢得足够的时间，我们将拥有一种全新的艺术形式。
win:赢
The central premise of this book is that computer games constitute a new and as yet poorly developed art form that holds great promise for both designers and players.
本书的首要前提是，电脑游戏是一种发达尚不健全的新型艺术形式，给设计者与玩家提供了广阔的前景。
developed:发达
These transgenic mice were then tested for incidence and severity of arthritic symptoms, as well as assessed for vulnerability to the disease by sex.
这些转基因小鼠随后接受了关节炎症状发生率和严重程度的测试过，以及性别发病率的测试过。
tested:测试过
I wish more of the artichoke -like lampshades were used in the space, too.
我也希望能看到更多菊芋类灯罩设计的用过的在这个空间中。
used:用过的
According to the quality of Central Projectionrema in ining integrate ion, this articled lemons tratesthe Plane Integration Proposition by the means of projecting the line infinitely far.
本文依据中心投射保留结合性这一特征，例举了用“把直线投射无穷远”的方法对平面结合性命题的证明。
projecting:投射
Self- Organizing Fuzzy Cerebella Model Articulation Controller (SOFCMAC) neural network is used to correct the nonlinear system inversion error due to modeling uncertainties and disturbances.
对由于造型误差、不确定性因素等引起的非线性系统逆误差，通过自组织模糊小脑模型关节控制器（SOFCMAC）神经网络在线进行修正。
modeling:造型
The IEEE refers to linking elements from one artifact to another and uses such definitions as the pure justification of this exercise.
IEEE引用从一个工件到另一个工件的链接元素，并用这种定义作为这个练习中单纯证明。
linking:链接
Even Hollywood, that factory of artifice, is demanding a return to reality when it comes to women's bodies.
即使是在好莱坞这种充斥着虚假的地方，对女性身材的苛刻的也开始向真实自然回归。
demanding:苛刻的
Experiments were performed on 55 urethane anesthetized and flaxedil im-mobilized rabbits under artificial respiration.
实验在55只乌拉坦麻醉的、制动、人工呼吸及切断双侧颈迷走神经的家兔上进行。
anesthetized:麻醉的
It detects, classifies, tracks, and locates enemy indirect fire such as mortars, artillery, and rockets in either 360- or 90 - degree modes.
它可以在360度或90度模式下检测到、识别、跟踪和定位敌方间接火力，如迫击炮、大炮、火箭等。
detects:检测到
Some argue that mentoring a client toward adopting process improvements is an art, just as providing any guidance inspiring a change to human behavior demands artistry of sorts.
一些人说辅导客户采用过程改进是一种艺术，就像辅导激励人类行为的变更需要各种各样的艺术性一样。
mentoring:辅导
When a forgery is exposed, people in the art world generally have the same reaction: how could anyone have ever been fooled by something so obviously phony, so artless?
当一件伪造事件裸露，艺术圈的人普遍会有相同的反应：怎么可能有人会被如此明显虚假的东西所骗过，怎么会这么天真？
exposed:裸露
The cottage garden is designed to appear artless, rather than contrived or pretentious.
村舍花园的设计的是为了体现质朴，而不是做作或者虚夸。
designed:设计的
The chief action of the day was fought in the simplest and the most artless fashion on the open space, visible from both sides, between Borodino and the flèches by the copse.
在波罗底诺和凸角堡之间的战场上，在树林附近，在两边都看得见的空地上，主要的战斗过是用最简单，最普通的方式进行的。
fought:战斗过
His dedication to something even bigger than the ego of an architect sets him apart from others who have built odd and surprising buildings. Art Nouveau got its inspiration from nature.
他专注于高于建筑师自我的某项事情，这种决心将他与一般的建成怪诞诡异建筑的人分别开来。
built:建成
Those artsy types at the Rhode Island School of Design can put down their paintbrushes and take “The Art of Sin and the Sin of Art”, which contemplates the relationship between sin and the art world.
罗德岛设计学院那些有艺术家气质的学生可以放下画笔，选修“罪之艺术和艺术之罪”这门课。该课程对罪孽和艺术世界的关系进行沉思。
contemplates:沉思
It is evidence enough of the desire of all of us to solve the problem according to people's will as soon as possible( ASAP).
这充分证明了我们都希望根据人们的意愿尽快解决问题。
according:根据
What WHO is doing for the elimination of asbestos - related diseases?
为消除石棉有关的疾病，世卫组织在做何事？
related:有关的
On the new threshold, we are to ascend greater heights with a more enterprising spirit and more practical ways of working.
我们要以更加昂扬的精神状态、更加扎实的在职的作风，在新起点、新水平上攀登新的高峰。
working:在职的
You must verify whether the column selected to be sorted is the immediately preceding column to have been sorted and, if it is, in which direction (ascending or descending) it was previously sorted.
您必须检查要分类的选定列是否刚好在已分类的列的前面，如果是这样，还需要确定已经分类的列的分类方向（升序或降序）。
sorted:分类
Turkey tacos and turkey curry and a turkey sandwich with a poetic Italian sauce are the flavors of ascending honor, of cooks striving to make the world new.
玉米火鸡卷，咖喱火鸡，涂美味意大利酱的火鸡三明治就是上升荣耀的味道，凝聚着厨师创造新生活的争取。
striving:争取
Indexes defined on keys that are not continuously ascending will naturally become less well- organized over time.
在没有持续上升的键上定义的的索引自然会随时间变化变得比较混乱。
defined:定义的
NCADE is an air- launched weapon designed to engage short- and medium-range ballistic missiles in the boost and ascent phase of flight.
NCADE是一种空射武器，设计的用于与中短程弹道导弹在助推段和飞行上升段与之交战。
designed:设计的
A former ascetic monk and a zealous persecutor of heresies, he was an energetic theologian who traveled widely, and argued fiercely, in his quest to defend the orthodox canon.
早期是一位苦行僧后来成为狂热的异教徒迫害者，这位精力充沛的神学家四处游历，通过激烈的争论的来维护正统的教义。
argued:争论的
That process is part of the asexual reproduction of fungi, and the many different shapes may serve to help different species grow and reproduce in different conditions.
这一过程是真菌无性生殖的一部分，而且多种多样的形状也可能有助于不同的种类在不同条件下生长和复制。
reproduce:复制
A character knows the following information about the Ashen Covenant with a successful Arcana or Religion check.
一个角色可以藉由通过一次成功的神秘或宗教知识检定来取得下列的关于灰色联盟的传闻。
following:下列的
The dead crabs have been washing ashore for the past three years coinciding with snow melting off the beaches and chilling the coastal waters.
在过去三年里，已有死蟹冲塞在海岸上，时间与海滩上积雪的融解和沿海水域的令人不寒而栗相符合。
chilling:令人不寒而栗
So a better standard of living comparison is between how much rice an Asian can buy with a certain income as against how many potatoes an American can by with the same income.
所以一个更好的的活的水平比较方式是：将一个亚洲人以某个固定收入能买多少大米和一个美国人用相同收入买得到多少土豆进行比较。
living:活的
They are different because they are not Asian and apparently that has a big impact on how kids are to be raised and how we should behave, even if we all live in the same country.
他们与我们不同是因为他们不是亚洲人，并且很明显在抚养孩子方面和孩子如何表现方面产生很大的影响，即使我们都生活在同一个国家。
behave:表现
Together, they studied the asiatic lily Lilium casablanca, the bud of which comprises three inner petals wrapped in three outer sepals.
他们共同对亚洲香水百合进行了研究过，这种花的花蕾有三片花瓣，花瓣外包着三片花萼。
studied:研究过
This pattern complements the previous one, except that it tests the crosscutting specification and context - handling of the aspect rather than the crosscutting behavior.
这个模式对前一个模式做了互补，只是它测试方面的横切规范和上下文处理而不是横切行为。
complements:互补
Then the distributions of the geometrical properties such as roughness, aperture and asperity height were analyzed according to the histogram and the characteristic number of frequency distribution.
再对岩石节理粗糙面的三维几何特性参数（诸如表面粗糙度、裂隙张开度和粗糙高度等）进行统计分析了并计算频数分布的特征数字。
analyzed:分析了
The distributions of surface height, surface asperity and valley number of various sedan steel plates were analyzed by correlating the surface profile features with the tribological behavior.
通过对典型轿车钢板表面形貌的分析了，以形貌与其摩擦学性能的关系为出发点，对粗糙表面、粗糙峰和粗糙谷的分布特性进行了统计分析了。
analyzed:分析了
The main causes of newborn deaths are prematurity and low- birth - weight, infections, asphyxia (lack of oxygen at birth) and birth trauma.
新生儿死亡的主要原因是早产和低的-出生体重、感染、窒息（出生时缺氧）以及产伤。
low-:低的-
Methods The incidence with multi- organ damage and the relation between the incidence and all factors were analyzed in 218 neonatal asphyxia.
方法对218例新生儿窒息并发多脏器损害的发生率及其与各种因素的关系进行分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Methods: The incidence with multi- organ damage and the relation between the incidence and all factors were analyzed in 110 neonatal asphyxia.
方法：对110例新生儿窒息并发多脏器损害的发生率及其与各种因素的关系进行分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Hypoxic- ischemic encephalopathy in the newborn is a cerebral hypoxia- ischemic injury caused by perinatal asphyxia. It presents with various clinical manifestations of central nervous system.
新生儿缺氧缺血的脑病是指围产期窒息导致脑的缺氧缺血的损害，临床出现一系列中枢神经异常的表现。
ischemic:缺血的
Small children sometimes choke or asphyxiate while trying to swallow big tablets.
幼儿在试图吞大药片时有时会噎住或窒息。
swallow:吞
Never aspire to have unrealistic expectations because its end result is low self esteem, depression, disenchantment.
永远不要有不现实的向往，因为它的结果便是自卑、失落和觉醒。
aspire:向往
However, those two words have stayed with me — not as something to disdain, but as something to which to aspire.
然而，那四个字却一直留在我的脑海里。没有鄙夷，有的却是几分向往。
aspire:向往
We think these characteristics are the start of a great checklist for all of us who aspire to make numbers and financials approachable.
我们认为，这些财报技巧正是所有人的向往，作为检视清单报告的开头，这让数据和信息变得更易接受。
aspire:向往
By offering aspiring entrepreneurs preferential access to state - controlled resources and opportunities, the state in effect has bought the political loyalty of China’s private sector.
通过向有抱负的企业家提供获得国家受控资源的渠道和机会，国家实际上买到了中国私营部门的政治忠诚。
controlled:受控
Istanbul security forces supported by helicopters are engaged in a manhunt for the surviving assailant.
伊斯坦布尔安全部队在直升机的支持的下，对逃逸的凶手进行了搜捕。
supported:支持的
Once that's done, switch the Vikings to Assault Mode so they drop to the ground.
一旦这样做,转变维京人来攻击模式,所以他们掉到地上。
switch:转变
Senegal – One in four women suffers domestic assault and battery in Senegal yet most suffer in silence. 27.5 percent of women are subject to physical violence from their partners.
塞内加尔—在塞国每四位女性中就有一位曾遭到家暴攻击，然而她们大部分却是默默地忍受遭受。27.5%的女性容易从配偶遭到肉体上的施暴。
suffer:遭受
Easy Company's capture of the German Battery became a textbook case of an assault on a fixed position, and is still demonstrated at the United States Military Academy at West Point, today.
连进攻德国炮台的行动成为进攻固定的阵地的范例，至今仍被美国西点军校沿用作为教范。
fixed:固定的
The course we are jointly pursuing is not a blunt assault, but a diversified multi- pronged approach.
我们联合追求的过程并非是一种生硬攻击，而是多元化的多管齐下的方式。
diversified:多元化
For a single brand, five cigarettes were randomly selected for each assay and the data averaged together.
分析单一品牌的香烟时，每次要随机选择五只烟，取其平均的数据。
averaged:平均的
In addition, in vivo, the treatment of intracerebral 9L solid brain tumors was analyzed by CFE assay.
同时，在活体实验中用集落生成率测定对脑内固体9L脑肿瘤的治疗进行了分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Once each component is unit tested, it is easier to assemble and wire the components in the application.
一旦对各个组件进行了单元测试过，就很容易在应用程序中组装和连接这些组件。
tested:测试过
This way, if you need to add a register to your code later, the assembler will auto -recalculate the new register numbers and you don't have to alter your register numbering convention.
这样，如果您以后需要向代码中添加一个寄存器，那么汇编程序就会汽车重新计算新寄存器的编号，您也不必更改自己的寄存器编号约定。
auto:汽车
Dependency injection is a technique for building pluggable components whereby object creation and association is removed from the components and carried out by containers or assembler components.
依赖性注入是构建插入式组件的技术，目的创建和关联是从组件移除的，并由容器或汇编组件实现。
object:目的
To emphasize the difference these new elements make, consider the following two figures. In each figure, the EAR file shaded blue indicates the sphere of influence of the application assembler.
为了强调这两种新元素所造成的不同，请看下列的两图，在每个图中，EAR文件用蓝颜色遮蔽，表示应用程序汇编器的影响范围。
following:下列的
We hope for some cost cuts after the installation of the new automated assembly line.
我们希望在安装了新的自动的化装配流水线之后，能降低成本。
automated:自动的
After saving the mediation flow, return to the Assembly Diagram and save it.
在节省了中介流之后，返回到组装图并对它进行节省。
save:节省
Has signed agreement with AVIC's Commercial Aircraft Engine to study the feasibility of an assembly line and engine test facility in China.
同中航商飞发动机签署协议学习在中国建立组装线和发动机测试工厂的可行性。
study:学习
They can work with the project teams to assess and understand needs, and then expedite the search, understanding, and analysis of services and guide teams in how and when to use them.
他们可以与项目团队合作，以评估和理解需求，然后花时间对服务进行搜索、理解和分析，并为团队提供指导，告知如何以及何时使用这些服务。
understand:理解
If your answers to the PPM readiness assessment all suggest that you should proceed with a PPM solution, I recommend the following steps toward a successful implementation.
如果您对PPM准备评估的答案都建议您应该开始一个PPM解决方案，那么我推荐下列的步骤来成功实现解决方案。
following:下列的
For example, what happens when the automated process cannot find an available assessor?
例如，当自动的过程不能找到可用的评估员时怎么办？
automated:自动的
Is uniqueness an asset or liability? Can you accept others when they behave differently from what you consider to be the norm? Do you love your own uniqueness?
与众不同到底是种优点还是种羁绊？你能接受那些在你看来与你的表现准则相左的人吗？你喜欢你自己的独特之处吗？
behave:表现
Surely that is reason enough to want rid of legislation whose origins go back to when the thrust of British colonial policy was to assimilate the Indians?
因为这套法案源自于当年英国意图吸收原住民的强制殖民政策，当然就构成充分理由，足以撤销这套法案啰？
assimilate:吸收
In China, Mongol rule was torn by repeated tensions between those faithful to their nomadic traditions and those ready to assimilate with the Chinese.
在中国，坚持游牧传统与同中国人吸收的争议反复出现，多次造成局势紧张，蒙古统治摇摇欲坠。
assimilate:吸收
However, the programs teach students where to go for assistance should they or a friend become suicidal at a later date.
但是，这个项目教学生，万一他们或他们的朋友将来有自杀倾向，他们到哪里寻找帮助。
teach:教
The blood test we have developed allows us for the first time to accurately count the number of regulatory T cells in the body, "says Assoc Prof Fazekas."
我们所采用的血液检测方法第一次准确的对人体内的T调控细胞进行数数。
count:数数
He is an associate professor of endocrinology at Odense University in Denmark and has studied these hormones and their functions.
他是丹麦奥登塞大学的内分泌学科的副教授，从事上述激素和它们的功能的研究过。
studied:研究过
You need to import all the datapools associated with these scripts one by one as well.
您还需要一个接一个地导入所有与这些脚本联系的数据源。
associated:联系
We now turn our attention to these topics, the associated threats, and how to eliminate the threats.
我们现在把注意力放在这些主题、联系的威胁和如何消除这些威胁上。
associated:联系
An Issue can have one or more Tasks associated with it.
问题可以拥有一个或多个与之联系的任务。
associated:联系
The program has one performance flaw — I retrieve the string entry in the associated string table by value rather than pointer.
该程序有一个性能缺陷 —我是按值而不是按指针在关联的字符串表中取回字符串条目的。
retrieve:取回
Note that these include the parameters associated with our expectation management quadrants.
注意这些包括与我们的期望管理象限联系的参数。
associated:联系
"A lot of the genes have no function associated with them as of yet, "says Perls.
“作为一些与他们联系的基因有很多还没有功能”帕尔说。
associated:联系
In a uni-directional association, two classes are related, but only one class knows that the relationship exists.
在一个单向关联中，两个类是有关的的，但是只有一个类知道这种联系的存在。
related:有关的
Each member association, regardless of its size, has one vote at FIFA’s congress, which elects the president.
无论规模大小，每个成员协会在选出主席的国际足联大会上都拥有一张选票。
elects:选出
Include conventional hierarchical cues like breadcrumb trails and contextual navigation, as well as nonhierarchical, associative links among topically related pages. (4)
提供传统的层级导航比如面包屑和上下文导航同样包括非层级的比如有关的话题页面的联合链接
related:有关的
Dr. Janzen and colleagues have cataloged a delightful assortment of striking false eye patterns on the front and rear ends of caterpillars and the front ends of chrysalises.
简森博士和他的同事们对毛毛虫头尾末端和蛹前端的显著伪眼模式作了编目，并登记在册。
cataloged:编目
Recruitment services for all positions with effective searching, screening, and short-listing. Screening interview done for the positions up to Asst. Manager level.
负责副经理以下所有职位的招聘工作包括搜索人才、放映及进行初次面试。
Screening:放映
According to the order of GM or Exe. Asst GM to answer the questions.
根据总经理、行政助理经理指令，回答客人及媒体的问题。
According:根据
Even if the file is protected on the server, because the code is interpreted locally it would be foolish to assume that it cannot be gotten.
即使该文件在服务器上是受受保护的，但因为代码是在本地解释的，所以以为无法得到这个文件是愚蠢的。
protected:受保护
If the program works for both instances of the loop, you can assume it will work for all of them.
如果程序能为这两个循环都作品的话，你能假设它能为所有的循环作品。
works:作品
Article 13 No enterprises may transfer, use under an assumed name, or use forged, work safety licenses.
第十三条企业不得转让、冒用安全生产许可证或者使用伪造的的安全生产许可证。
forged:伪造的
Those who use, under an assumed name, or use forged work safety licenses shall be subject to punishment in accordance with Article 19 of the Regulation.
冒用安全生产许可证或者使用伪造的的安全生产许可证的，依照本条例第十九条的规定处罚。
forged:伪造的
Assuming the UDDI registry finds a match, you will take the first one and find the binding templates associated with that service, as shown in Listing 18.
假定UDDI注册中心找到了一个匹配的键值，您将用第一个键值，然后查找与该服务相关的捆绑模板，如清单18所示。
binding:捆绑
The threaded, synchronized systems present significant challenges not only in the design and implementation, but also in all stages of quality assurance.
线程化的、同步的的系统所提出的挑战不仅是设计与实现，也包括了质量保证的所有阶段。
synchronized:同步的
The asterisk to the left of the story indicates that the changes have not been saved yet.
事例左边的星号，意味着更改现在尚未得到已保存。
saved:已保存
When the turret is stationary and the guns pointing in any direction other than astern, the moving graticule will be seen as being displaced from the fixed ring by the four electro magnets.
当炮塔不转动的时候，武器指向任何方向不单是指向机尾，在四个电磁铁作用下，活动环看起来和固定的环重合。
fixed:固定的
The asteroid blew up with the energy of the largest hydrogen bombs ever detonated on Earth, vaporizing the desert and unleashing deadly supersonic winds for many miles.
小行星爆炸释放的能量相当于地球上有史以来最大的氢弹爆炸的能量总和，使沙漠汽化，并在许多英里内引起了致命的超音速风。
vaporizing:汽化
It was true, I'm severely nearsighted with and astigmatism to boot.
没错，我又严重的近视的，还有散光。
nearsighted:近视的
The surgery can be used to correct different types of visions defects like nearsightedness, farsightedness, presbyopia and astigmatism among others.
手术可用于不同类型的正确的的看法缺陷像近视，远视，老花眼和散光等。
correct:正确的
I felt betrayed, stabbed in the back, and I was shocked, hurt and astounded.
我有一种被出卖，背后插刀的毛毡，我很震惊，痛苦，惊愕。
felt:毛毡
I am an astrologer, and I observed the types of astrology Trelawney and Firenze teach (and presumably practice) are two different types.
我是个占星学者，我看到特劳里妮和费伦泽教的占星术（以及大概的实践）是两种不同的类型。
teach:教
Jane is one of my most astute coleagues. She teaches a course in astronomical phenomenon.
简是我认识的最机敏的老师之一，她教导关于天文现象的课程。
teaches:教导
So for decades, astronomers have used it as a “standard candle ” in the field of high-energy astrophysics.
因此几十年来，天文学家一直将其视为高能天体物理领域的“标准烛光”用过的。
used:用过的
Unless your physics specialty is deeply theoretical or has to do with astrophysics, you can usually find an industry job that is related to your work.
除非你的物理学专业极端理论化，或者是天体物理，否则你通常是可以在工业界找到一个有关的的职位的。
related:有关的
Well, unless you have an asymmetric set -up, in which case the client can POST and / or PUT its order somewhere on the server.
那么，除非你有一个不对称的设置，在这种情况下，客户端可以POST和/或放它的订单到服务器的某处。
PUT:放
They could be used to insure actual bonds but – in light of their asymmetric character – not to speculate against countries or companies.
它们可以用来给实际债券保证，但——鉴于其不对称的特点——不能用来进行针对国家或企业进行投机。
insure:保证
There is a story about Bertrand Russell giving a public lecture somewhere or other, defending his atheism.
有一则故事，讲到伯特兰.罗素在某个地方向公众做讲座，为他的无神论信仰捍卫。
defending:捍卫
“War is war and if we want to have our choices respected we must use the same weapons, ” some of my atheist friends say.
我的无神论的一些朋友说 “战争就是战争如果我们希望自己的选择受到应有的受人尊敬我们必须以眼还眼以牙还牙。”
respected:受人尊敬
They wanted a chance to train and be coached, to have access to athletic facilities and be recognized for their accomplishments.
他们希望有机会接受指导的和指导，希望能够使用体育设施，并希望自己的成绩得到承认。
coached:指导的
He is working flat out, but with the staying power that helped him break records and win titles through a long and successful athletics career.
他正全力展开在职的，在他漫长而成功的体育生涯中帮他打破多项纪录、获得多块奖牌的忍耐力现在支撑着他。
working:在职的
It features atmospherics, enhanced by over 40 sound effects and over 20 visual effects.
该游戏特别推出大气干扰，超过40种加强的声音效果以及超过20种视觉效果。
enhanced:加强
The field lines are not actually visible, but they can be detected by sensors that count atomic particles — protons and electrons moving in the space around Earth.
磁力线不是实际可见的，但是可以通过传感器 ，对地球周围太空中运动的质子与电子等原子粒子进行数数，并据此来侦测。
count:数数
Exactly on that day, America broadcast to Japan a declaration that if Japan still refused to surrender, America would drop an atomic bomb on its territory.
就在那一天，美国通过无线电播送向日本发表声明：如果日本不投降，美国将会在日本投放原子弹。
broadcast:播送
The Levites purified themselves and washed their clothes. Then Aaron presented them as a wave offering before the Lord and made atonement for them to purify them.
于是利末人净化自己, 除了罪,洗了衣服,亚伦将他们当作摇祭奉到耶和华面前, 又为他们赎罪,净化他们.
purify:净化
And that was accessible only to the high priest and only on the Day of Atonement following a series of heightened purity observances.
只有大祭司再赎罪日当天能够进入,在里面进行一系列的更加高纯度的仪式。
heightened:加高
Maybe we don't have to practice as much when we've internalized the skill to the point that it's a habit, but we have to practice it somewhat or it will atrophy.
当我们将这些技能消化之后，也许我们不再需要那么多时间来实践它们，但是我们还是必须进行适当的实践，否则就会萎缩。
practice:实践
Essentially, its job is to write out the contents (especially the attachment) of its input data object to the system output.
基本上，它的工作就是将其输入数据目的的内容（特别是附件）写出到系统输出上。
object:目的
The attacker can then analyze the recorded data to retrieve confidential information, such as passwords and confidential messages.
然后，攻击者能够通过分析记录的数据检索出凭证信息，比如说密码和凭证信息。
recorded:记录的
Often, it's best to check in both places; that way, if an attacker manages to slip around one defense, they'll still encounter the other.
通常，最好在这两处都对其进行查看；这样，即使一个攻击者成功地突破了一道防线，他们还会遇到另一条。
check:查看
Victims must also be protected if the accused attacker is still in school with them.
如果被控攻击者仍与受害者在同一学校，受害人还必须得到受保护。
protected:受保护
People have different ideas／ views about how to attain the goal.
人们对于如何达到这个目标有不同的观点。
views:观点
You can continue living where you are, without making external changes in your life, and yet attain inner peace.
你可以继续住在原来的地方，不必对你的活的做任何外部改变，而是从内心获得平静。
living:活的
People who attempt suicide usually talk about their intentions, directly or indirectly, before they act.
试图自杀的人通常会在行为前或直接或间接的谈论他们的意图。
act:行为
It reports on the artifacts that were deployed, the results of each deployment attempt, the Server Profiles used, and the settings within those Server Profiles.
它报告已经已部署的工件、每个已部署尝试的结果、使用的服务器概要文件和这些服务器概要文件中的设置。
deployed:已部署
The consequences of a nuclear detonation, or even an attempted detonation, perpetrated by a terrorist or criminal group anywhere in the world would be devastating.
世界上任何地方的恐怖组织或犯罪团伙进行核爆炸，甚至是未遂的引爆尝试过，都会造成灾难性的后果。
attempted:尝试过
Find a support group or organization related to your goal and attend their meetings.
找一个与你目标有关的的支援团或组织，参加他们的集会。
related:有关的
Forty-six foreign royals will be in attendance, including the Prince of Bahrain, whose country was recently criticised by Foreign Secretary William Hague for its human rights record.
四十六位外国王室成员将出席婚礼，其中包括巴林王子，他的国家最近因人权纪录问题被英国外交大臣威廉•海格严厉批评的。
criticised:批评的
Megan was being treated for attention deficit disorder and depression, her family has said.
Meier家说Megan一直都在因注意力不集中和忧郁而接受处理过的。
treated:处理过的
Populin, who studies the neural basis of perception and behavior, had placed head implants on two rhesus macaque monkeys, while preparing to study attention deficit disorder.
一直在学习认知和行为的神经基础，在两个恒河猴做头部植入移植物以作注意力缺乏症的学习。
studies:学习
In order to decrease the vertical vibration of rolling stock, the air springs with variable damping oil dampers inside are developed. The variable damping can attenuate effectively vibration.
为降低铁道车辆的垂向振动，开发了内置可变减震油压减振器空气弹簧。该变减震能有效地衰减振动。
damping:减震
Such - advice would not apply to situations where the risk of influenza is low or to live attenuated vaccines, which in any event would not be indicated in pregnancy.
该建议不适用于罹患流感的危险较小、或使用减毒居住疫苗的情况—在这两种情况下，妊娠期妇女都不是流感疫苗的接种对象。
live:居住
Some wore business attire and some working overalls - similar to what a caretaker might wear.
一些穿着商务装，一些穿着就如那些看门人穿的一样的在职的装。
working:在职的
If you start asking yourself the correct questions, and answering them, then a transformation in your attitude occurs.
如果你开始用正确的问题问自己并做出接听，那么你的态度就会发生变化。
answering:接听
Some consumers cognitive, attitudinal and behavioral variables interact with brand loyalty.
消费者认知的、态度和行为方面的一些变量，和品牌忠诚相互作用。
cognitive:认知的
The technique has been used to examine whether the cognitive, affective, or attitudinal behavior of users affects their performance and the outcomes of searching.
这样的技术已被使用为评估是否使用者的认知或态度会影响寻找结果其效率与否。
searching:寻找
After the strike had lasted for some time, U.S. Attorney General Harry Daugherty persuaded a federal judge to ban all strike - related activities.
随着罢工持续了一段时间后，美国司法部长哈利·多尔蒂说服联邦法官禁止一切与罢工有关的的活动。
related:有关的
Eventually all people who are gay realise that not only are they sexually attracted to members of the same sex, but that this attraction is not transitional.
最后所有有同性恋倾向的人都认识到不是只有他们才被同性的性感被吸引，但是这种被吸引是不会转变的。
attracted:被吸引
This attribute should be set to any string that you want displayed in the status bar.
您可以为这个属性放为在状态栏中想要显示的任意字符串。
set:放
If you look at the audiobooks download market, publishers are selling content through a lot of intermediaries and many of the costs are being carried by third-party distributors such as Audible.
如果你观察audiobooks下载市场，出版商通过许多中间商卖内容，这个方面所消耗的成本正在被第三方渠道商比如Audible所承担。
selling:卖
Visualize your screenplay and write it according to what you want your audience to see and hear in your movie script.
请设想你的电影剧本,并根据你希望观众在剧本中看到的和听到的东西写它.
according:根据
a fixed laboratory having two or three connected rooms outfitted with audio-visual equipment
两室或三室的固定的实验室，配备视听设备
fixed:固定的
This feature can be used to monitor, track, record, and audit the activities of all users on an AIX system, including system administrators.
可以使用这个特性对AIX系统上所有用户（包括系统管理员）的活动进行监视器、跟踪、记录和审计。
monitor:监视器
That night in August, waiting for the Rolling Stones to come on stage, we felt like rebels.
在那个八月的夜晚，在等待滚石乐队登台演出时，我们有种造反的毛毡。
felt:毛毡
Rows of plants and crafts adorned the shelves, and two fireplaces added to the romantic aura.
用植物和工艺品装饰的的架子,还有两个壁炉增加了浪漫的气氛.
adorned:装饰的
Miss McLuskey, who studies product design at Edinburgh's Napier University, came up with the idea after studying aural impairments and methods of helping people hear better.
麦克卢思凯小姐在爱丁堡纳皮尔大学学习产品设计。她的设计灵感来自对听觉障碍的学习，她希望找到能帮助人们提高听力的好方法。
studies:学习
The dinner was held under the auspices of businesses that have partnerships with the museum and contribute money to it.
此次晚宴的举办得到了与该博物馆有合作关系并提供贡献的几家公司的联合赞助。
contribute:贡献
The first treaty ever negotiated under the auspices of WHO, it represents a signal achievement in the advancement of public health.
它是世卫组织主持下协商的的第一份公约，标志了增进公众健康的重大成就。
negotiated:协商的
The WHO FCTC is the first international treaty negotiated under the auspices of WHO and provides a new legal dimension for international health cooperation.
《世界卫生组织烟草控制框架公约》是在世卫组织主持下协商的达成的第一个国际条约，并使国际卫生合作具有法律方面的新特点。
negotiated:协商的
The FCTC is the first treaty negotiated under the auspices of WHO.
该框架公约是在世界卫生组织主持下协商的完成的第一份卫生条约。
negotiated:协商的
The WHO FCTC is the first treaty negotiated under the auspices of WHO.
《世界卫生组织烟草控制框架公约》是在世卫组织主持下协商的达成的第一个条约。
negotiated:协商的
Yet the physical changes that go with affluence destroy the habitats of migratory shorebirds and seabirds, wreaking havoc on their numbers along the crucial East Asian - Australasian flyway.
然而开发所带来的自然地理变化发泄了迁徙滨鸟和海鸟的栖息地，也就给重要的东亚-大洋洲候鸟迁徙路线沿途上的这些鸟类带来了灾难性的发泄，导致它们数量的剧减。
wreaking:发泄
The Austrian researchers are certainly not the first to consider the possibility of exotic life supported by a solvent other than water.
其他溶剂支持的的生命形式是否存在？奥地利科学家肯定不是第一批思考这一问题的人。
supported:支持的
Hryhory Nestor, at 115 presumed to be the oldest living man, says life was best when the Austro -Hungarian empire ran things in his village in western Ukraine.
高龄115岁、被认为是最老活人的奈斯托说，他位于乌克兰西部的村庄在奥匈帝国统治时，活的景况最好。
living:活的
Authentication statements asserts to the service provider that the principal did certainly authenticate with the identity provider at a particular time using a well - defined method of authentication.
验证语句在特定的时间使用一个良好定义的的认证方法，可确定主体从事身份提供商的确定验证的服务提供商。
defined:定义的
As the author and digital activist Cory Doctorow put it this year: "As an adult, I want to be able to choose whose stuff I buy and whom I trust to evaluate that stuff.
数字活动家及作家科瑞多特罗今年早些时候曾如此说：“作为一名成年人，我要的是能够选择向谁购买商品以及谁对这件商品的评价值得我相信。
trust:相信
This authoring template should therefore be the most basic template that you can find.
这个创作模板应该是您能找到的最基本的模板。
authoring:创作
Then create an authoring template where you can enter the content.
然后创建一个创作模板，您可以在其中输入内容。
authoring:创作
Occasionally, customers have requested the ability to publish from a production portal back into their authoring environment.
客户偶尔会要求能够将规则从生产门户向回发布到自己的创作环境中。
authoring:创作
Although, ideally, all the artifacts are backed up sufficiently outside your production environment, you might need to back - publish for disaster recovery of the authoring system.
虽然理想情况下，所有构件都在生产环境之外被完全备份，但您在“创作系统”的灾难恢复中可能需要使用“向后发布”。
authoring:创作
You designate another workspace for rule authors to create rules and publish them from the authoring workspace to the production workspace.
您还可以为规则的创作者指派另一个工作区，让他们创建规则并将这些规则从创作工作区发布到生产工作区。
authoring:创作
System requirements vary for this tutorial as there are a number of both viewing and authoring environments that are valid.
本教程的系统需求有很大差异，因为存在许多有效的查看和创作环境。
authoring:创作
To begin publishing personalization objects, you create an object in the authoring environment which describes the target endpoint, as shown in Figure 7.
要着手发布个性化对象，您需要在创作环境中创建一个描述目标端点的对象，如图7 所示。
authoring:创作
For example, two developers working on a new feature could work on a common branch and share work with each other independent of an "authoritative" server.
例如，两个开发者能够在相同的分支上共同开发一个新特性而且不需要一个“权威”的服务器即可互相分享在职的成果。
working:在职的
However, this step is very similar to the authentication step, in that you first extract and then authorize.
不过，此步骤非常类似于身份验证步骤，因为您首先进行提炼，然后授权。
extract:提炼
As part of their operation, they define and authorize certain policies, and delegate the authority to implement them.
作为实施的一部分，他们定义并批准某些政策，并委派此权利来实现这些政策。
implement:实施
Much as Adams and other conservatives wanted to retain a limited franchise, rebellion against the King's autocracy led to similar rebellion against property limits on voting.
虽然亚当斯等保守派人士希望保持有限的选举权，但对英王独裁的反抗导致了对表决财产要求的同样反抗。
voting:表决
America befriended the autocrat but enraged his population. And the furies repressed by the cruel, effective cop on the banks of the Nile came America's way.
美国照顾独裁者但是却激怒了人民。尼罗河边残暴的警察镇压了暴怒的人民，这激怒最终变成了对美国的仇恨。
enraged:激怒
Troops mobbed her for her “Tokyo Rose ” autograph. She was photographed with them, a schoolgirl figure in white blouse and black slacks amid a sea of beige uniforms.
曾经有一段时间，能成为东京玫瑰是件美事，士兵们围着她要签名，和她合影，拍照上的她穿着白色长衫，黑色长袜，被簇拥在一群海军士兵中间。
photographed:拍照
The other is that Wistar rats are injected with adjuvant antigen to lead to auto - immune method.
二是注入佐剂抗原引起自身免疫法。
injected:注入
However, this technology cannot yet be automated from the command line.
然而，这项技术却不能自动的从命令行中产生。
automated:自动的
You should be able to write these automated tasks in the framework of your choosing.
您应当能够在所选框架中编写这些自动的执行的任务。
automated:自动的
Moreover, sometimes legitimate "correspondents" are not people at all, but automated response systems with no capability of challenge response.
而且，有时合法的“通信者”根本不是人，而是不能够响应质询的自动的响应系统。
automated:自动的
Although this is the default behavior, you can turn off the automated data correlation.
尽管这是默认的行为，但是您能够关闭自动的的数据关联。
automated:自动的
Normally, a unit test is automated, but it does not have to be, and the result of the unit test indicates whether the code is behaving as designed.
一个单元测试通常是自动的进行的，但也不一定必须自动的执行，单元测试的结果表明这段代码是否能按照设计的要求工作。
automated:自动的
By using computer vision to extract and recognize the traffic environment, the results of recognition can be used directly for auxiliary pilot or automatic pilot.
用机器视觉方法对交通环境信息进行提炼和识别，获得的结果能够直接用于智能车辆的辅助驾驶或自动导航中。
extract:提炼
Budding automotive engineers start by opening the hood of their first car, pulling out their tools, and removing parts to clean and study.
初学的汽车工程师首先打开他们第一辆车的发动机罩，拔出他们的工具，开始拆卸部件以进行清理和学习。
study:学习
Modern commercial aircraft operate on autopilot for much of the time, and they also land under automatic control at suitably equipped airports on a regular basis.
现代商用飞机大多时间是由自动驾驶仪操作的，在装备完善的机场，这些飞机一向在自动控制指挥下着陆。
operate:操作
She said: "This is a very, very, different approach to autopsy.
她说，这是一个完全不同的尸检方法。
autopsy:尸检
The most common form of dementia is Alzheimer's Disease, and currently, it can only be definitively diagnosed in an autopsy, by examining the brain.
最常见的痴呆症是阿尔茨海默氏症，也就是老年痴呆症。目前确切确诊这种病的唯一方法是脑部解剖。
diagnosed:确诊
Veterinarians and others involved in the rescue rushed to New Jersey to examine a young Northern Right Whale found dead off Long Island hoping there would be clues to the sedation in an autopsy.
兽医和其他一些相关拯救人员冲汇集新泽西，调查一头在长岛附近海域死去的壮年北方露脊鲸。他们希望通过解剖鲸鱼的尸体找到使鲸鱼镇定的线索。
rushed:冲
And yellow leaves of autumn, which have no songs, flutter and fall there with a sigh.
落下的黄叶，他们没有什么可唱的，只是叹息一声，飞落在那里。
fall:落下
Custom properties are available after they have been set for the task instance, or in all task states, when they are set on the task template.
自定义属性在已经为任务实例进行了放之后可用，或在任务模板上进行放的情况下，在所有任务状态下可用。
set:放
Custom properties are available after they have been set for the process or activity instance, or in all task states, when they are set on the process or activity template.
自定义属性在已经针对流程或活动实例进行放之后可用，或在流程或活动模板上进行放的情况下，在所有任务状态下可用。
set:放
Custom properties are available after they have been set for the escalation instance, or in all escalation states, when they are set on the escalation template.
自定义属性在已经针对升级实例进行放之后可用，或在升级模板上进行放的情况下，在所有升级状态下可用。
set:放
The three Bali bombers vow their followers will avenge their execution, but most terrorist experts agree Jemaah Islamiyah is no longer capable of launching major terrorist attacks.
这三名巴厘爆炸案制造者扬言说，他们的追随者会对他们遭处决而进行报仇。但是多数恐怖问题专家都认为，伊斯兰祈祷团已经没有能力发动重大恐怖袭击了。
avenge:报仇
Another method used in process costing is the weighted-aver age method, which costs all work with unit costs that are a weighted - average of current and prior- month costs.
该方法所用的约当产量单位成本核算是当月和上月约当产量单位成本核算的加权平均数。
costing:成本核算
While it is not always feasible to home - brew a commercial quality antenn a designed tot ake hurricane force winds, it is very feasible to built a collinear antenn a for aver age use.
它不总是能实行的到家-酿造酒商业的质量天线设计的拿飓风力量风，它非常能实行到建造一个在同一直在线的平均用的天线。
designed:设计的
We now face a new and potentially more deadly threat from Avian Flu, which has infected bird populations across Asia.
我们如今面临着一种新的、有可能更致命的禽流感威胁，禽流感病毒已使亚洲的禽类动物受已感染。
infected:已感染
The agreement stipulated that the aircraft - to be called the J - 11 - would include imported Russian avionics, radars and engines and couldn't be exported.
根据合同约定，这批被称为歼-11的飞机，使用进口的的俄罗斯航空电子设备，雷达以及引擎，并不得用于出口。
imported:进口的
I also love sprouted legumes with lemon juice, avocado and almonds.
我也爱吃就着柠檬汁、鳄梨和杏仁的发芽了蔬菜。
sprouted:发芽了
By faithfully taking my medicines, and by eschewing avoidable stress, I can'control' my illness, as far as it can be controlled.
通过忠实地服用药物、回避可避免的压力，我能够“受控”我的疾病，尽我所能的受控。
controlled:受控
Health care - associated infections have long been established as the biggest cause of avoidable harm and unnecessary death in the health systems of high income countries.
长期以来，卫生保健联系感染一直是高收入国家卫生体系中存在的可避免伤害以及出现不必要死亡的最大原因。
associated:联系
There also needs to be systemic regulation to prevent too many financial institutions from sharing the same vulnerabilities, and from posing avoidable risks to the institutions trading around them.
此外还需进行系统性监管，以防止过多的金融机构存在同样的漏洞，并防止它们对相关贸易机构构成本可避免的风险。
trading:贸易
By seeing and feeling the spark of the divine in someone, it became awake and it was their divine essence that performed the healing, not I.
通过看见并感受到他人内在的神圣闪光，他就开始觉醒并且是他们的神圣本质完成了疗愈，不是我。
seeing:看见
With a great deal of patience and careful observation of the wolves' movements, he succeeded in taking the award-winning photograph.
经过对狼的活动大量耐心和细致的观察，他成功了获得了这张获奖照片。
succeeded:成功了
Challenges — life is full of them; without them, how would you know and realize the awesome power that lives within you?
挑战，生活中充满了挑战。没有挑战，你如何能认识到蕴藏于你内心的那种让人畏惧的力量？
lives:生活
An elderly couple stood under a store awning on the edge of the tent village.
一对年老的夫妇站着在这个帐篷村边缘的一顶商店遮阳篷下。
stood:站着
Once signalled or awoken by explicit wake -up call, the process transitions to TASK_RUNNING.
接收到信号或被显式的唤醒称呼唤醒之后，进程将转变为 TASK_RUNNING 状态。
call:称呼
However, this just shows that AXIOM is working as expected and is not actually building the full document until needed.
然而，这仅表示AXIOM正如预料的那样在职的，直到需要时才真正构建完整的文档。
working:在职的
When a data - binding framework is used to convert XML to and from application data structures, the data - bound XML is normally only a virtual part of the AXIOM document model.
当使用数据捆绑框架在XML和应用程序数据结构之间进行转换时，数据捆绑XML通常只是AXIOM文档模型的一个虚拟部件。
binding:捆绑
The generated stub for this case looks a lot like the data - binding examples, except that it passes an AXIOM element rather than data objects.
这种情况下生成的存根与数据捆绑示例类似，但其中传递的是AXIOM元素而不是数据对象。
binding:捆绑
I ’m always working with less money than I need. It ’s axiomatic.
我的钱总不够在职的所需，这是可以理解的。
working:在职的
Originally an armed anti- Shah movement, they came to fight the clerical regime they helped impose only to move on to supporting Iraq in its war against the ayatollah and his minions.
它原先是一个武装反伊朗组织，和文职政权斗争，并通在伊拉克战争中支持阿亚图拉(译者按：伊朗伊斯兰教什叶派宗教领袖)及其下属发挥了一定作用。
fight:斗争
It helps to build and maintain scalable B2E, B2B, and B2C portals by providing a wide range of portal technologies, including backend integration, portlets, administration, and presentation.
它有助于构建并维护可升级的B2E、B2B和B2Cportals，这通过提供大量的门户网站技术来实现，包括后端整合、portlets、管理及表示。
portals:门户网站
The Bible ’s explanation of the origin of multiple human languages is provided in the Tower of Babel incident recorded in Genesis 11:1 - 9 (see Figure 1).
圣经对于人类语言多样性的起源的解释记录的在创世纪11：1-9中关于巴别塔的说明中。
recorded:记录的
And their ranks are set to swell even further, thanks to the ageing baby -boomer generation: by 2030 there will be about a million worldwide.
随着生育高峰一代人口的老化，这一群体规模还将会更进一步地膨胀：到2030年全球将有约100万百岁以上老人。
ageing:老化
Reading aloud is also an important way to help your child make the transition from babyhood to toddlerhood.
阅读也是能帮助孩子的一个重要的方式，帮助他们从婴儿期过渡到幼儿期。
Reading:阅读
Children are babyish and have some activities and the ability of communicating when they are 2 - 5 years old. At this time, they are the loveliest as well as the most troublesome for their parents.
孩子2岁以后5岁以前这段时间，稚气未脱，又有了一定的活动和沟通能力，是孩子最可爱的时候，也是家长最累最烦最头疼的时候。
communicating:沟通
After their baccalaureate, students admitted by an IUT can, after 2 years study, continue to do a Bachelor Degree (professional or not).
他们的学士学位后，由IUT的录取的学生，经过2年的学习，继续做好学士学位（专业与否）。
study:学习
The Bachelor of Science in Computer Science is for students who want to pursue the theory and techniques whereby information is encoded, communicated, transformed and analyzed.
在计算机科学学士学位的学生是谁想要追求，使理论和信息编码的，传递，转换和分析技术。
encoded:编码的
Researchers have already doubled the lifespan of mice and flies after defrosting Bacillus F frozen since the ice age.
在对冰河世纪以来一直处于冰冻状态的杆菌F进行除霜之后，研究者已经使老鼠与果蝇的寿命延长了一倍。
defrosting:除霜
Other free living organisms such as bacteria of the genera Pseudomonas and Bacillus and fungi belonging to the genera Penicillium and Aspergillus can solubilize P in soil through.
其它的一些自生型的微生物如假单胞菌和芽孢杆菌及青霉菌属、曲霉菌属的菌类都能溶解土壤中的磷。
fungi:菌类
The Liberal backbencher wants the current test scrapped and replaced by a personal interview that assesses knowledge and spoken English, rather than literacy or computer skills.
自由后排希望目前的测试和取消，取而代之的是一个个人采访时表示，评估的知识和英语说，而不是识字或电脑技能。
spoken:说
After years of fast and loose lending, major banks have begun tightening standards for loans to small businesses -- often described as the backbone of the jobs market.
经过多年的快速和松散的贷款，各大银行已经开始收紧标准，为中小企业贷款时 --常常被形容为就业市场的骨干。
tightening:收紧
While Australia is still working on a new government coalition that could lead to the country's NBN plans being put on the backburner, Singapore has launched commercial services on its NBN.
当澳大利亚继续致力于一个新的联合政府，可能导致该国的NBN在职的计划放在次要地位上，而新加坡的NBN推出其商业服务。
working:在职的
You then would copy back all your data files and re - install your programs.
然后将所有数据文件复制回来，并关于一次安装应用程序。
re:关于
Surface Durability: The concept of durability is an important one for all backcountry travelers to understand. The following natural surfaces respond differently to backcountry travel.
地表的耐久力：耐久力是需要所有野外旅行者懂得的一个重要概念。下列的的自然地表对野外行进有不同的反应。
following:下列的
My weblog is updated quite often so make sure to check back for up - to - date development progress.
我的网上日志被更新相当时常如此确定向后地为最新发展进步查看。
check:查看
I remember standing at that back door and watching cows graze.
我还记得我曾站在后门口看牛群轻擦。
graze:轻擦
All the gravity of all the mass in the cosmos should have been pulling the universe back inward, just as gravity pulls a ball back down to Earth after it's been thrown into the air.
宇宙中每一物体的每个拉都会对宇宙产生一个指向物体本身的拉力，就像在重力作用下，抛向空中的球会被拉回地面。
pulls:拉
He has no publisher or financial backer; his funding comes from friends and what he calls "true believers "— scores of players willing to preorder a $40 game that's been" almost finished "since 2005.
他没有出版商或财政支持者，他的资金来自朋友和他所谓的“忠实粉丝”--许多玩家愿意花40美元订购一款自2005年就“接近完成的”的游戏。
finished:完成的
In 1979, China launched a punitive invasion against Laos' main backer, Vietnam, after Hanoi aligned itself with Moscow and invaded Cambodia, overthrowing the Beijing - backed Khmer Rouge.
1979年，中国对老挝的主要支持的越南发动了惩罚性的打击，当时越南获得了莫斯科和被入侵的柬埔寨的支持，推翻了北京支持的红色高棉。
backed:支持的
We do not differentiate between our workers on the basis of their background or ethnic origin.
我们不以工人们的背景或种族来源区分对待他们。
differentiate:区分
The severing at these points causes nerve damage that makes the wrist flex and the fingers curl up in the manner of a waiter taking a backhanded tip.
这些在这几个点上的切割造成神经损伤以至于是手腕卷曲手指卷起就像是服务员拿背后的小费这个动作。
curl:卷曲
I took a path [in backing the surge] that I knew was unpopular, because I knew we had to win in Iraq.
而我走了一条不受欢迎的路，那就是支持增兵战略，因为我知道我们必须在伊拉克取得赢。
win:赢
'What we wanted to avoid is a situation where we put billions of pounds into a bank only to see that money go back out the door again to nongovernment shareholders, 'he said.
他说，我们希望避免的是，把数十亿英镑的资金投入了银行，最后只是看到这些钱又从银行流到了非政府组织的股东手里。
nongovernment:非政府组织
As he drove through another back road, fighting the strong rain gusts, Marla relaxed as much as she possibly could.
当他们来到一条乡间便道时，他艰难地驾驶着在暴风雨中颠簸的小车，而玛丽则得到了充分的轻松。
relaxed:轻松
The OBU could even morph into a virtual back - seat driver that does all these things and more, communicating with the driver using a synthetic voice, speech recognition and face - reading cameras.
OBU最终可能演化为一个随时告诉司机如何开车的乘客甚至具有更多功能，通过合成对话系统、语音识别系统和面部识别照相机，与司机进行沟通。
communicating:沟通
Even as the rest of the nation continues to suffer from rising unemployment and severe hardship, Wall Street paychecks are heading back to pre - crisis levels.
即使失业率持续上升，人们遭受严重的遭受，华尔街的高管的工资又回复到了危机之前的水平。
suffer:遭受
The EU Chamber of Commerce in China said that there's been slowdown and even a back -track on reforms aimed at opening China to foreign firms.
中国欧盟商会表示，中国对外国企业的经济开口进程正在倒退。
opening:开口
Then try living without the possession, knowing what your back -up plan is, and see if life is really that scary without the illusion of security.
在知道你备份计划的时候，尝试不需要这些财产的活的。看看活的在没有这些"安全感"的幻觉下到底有多可怕。
living:活的
On the primary system, back -up logical logs with the following command: ontape - a
在主系统上，用下列的命令备份逻辑日志：ontape-a
following:下列的
Since the technique takes as its starting point the as- built programme, it is entirely backward looking and is therefore fully retrospective with the objective of modelling what actually happened.
这种分析法是以实施计划为基础，待工程完成之后通过对实际情况造型来进行分析，倒推从而得出结论。
modelling:造型
The paging UI allows you to navigate backwards and forwards through displayed data, displaying a fixed number of records at a time.
该分页UI使您能够在所显示的数据之间向前和向后导航，并且一次显示固定的数量的记录。
fixed:固定的
Rule # 1: Prefer to extend a language in a forwards and / or backwards compatible manner.
规则#1：倾向于以向前且/或向后兼容的方式对语言进行延长。
extend:延长
Fill lumen – Feed continues to enter the shell side via lower feed manifold, however, top backwash discharge valve is closed and filtrate exhaust valve is opened.
填写腔-饲料继续进入壳程通过降低饲料多方面的，然而，最冲洗排放阀门关闭和滤液排气门被打开。
filtrate:滤液
It is pull-push effects, polarized effects, backwash effects and spread effects that bring into the mechanism of Generalized - Gradient process.
“推挽效应”形成梯度推移的动力学机制，它与偏振效应、扩散效应和回流效应一道共同形成广义梯度推移机理。
polarized:偏振
America, South Korea and Japan all have had to focus on what otherwise would be an impoverished, starving and irrelevant political backwater.
美国、韩国和日本都不得不关注这个贫瘠、挨饿、不相关的政治死水的下一步发展。
starving:挨饿
From colorful tall tales to clever barbs aimed at political opponents, Lincoln clothed a shrewd wit in a homespun, backwoods vernacular.
从于政治对手的瞄准的倒钩丰富多彩高大聪明的故事，林肯在土布衣服一个精明机智，巴克伍兹白话。
aimed:瞄准的
High amounts of saturated fats are found in animal products such as beef, milk, cheese, lunch meat, butter and bacon.
在包括牛肉，牛奶，奶酪，午餐肉，奶油和咸肉的很多动物制品都发现了大量的饱和的脂肪。
saturated:饱和的
A second was fed bacon, sausage, cheesecake, frosting, and other fattening, high - calorie foods — but only for one hour each day.
第二组喂咸肉，腊肠，芝士蛋糕，白糖和其他容易使人发胖的高能食物，但是每天只喂一小时。
fed:喂
After the bacteria remove the salts, experts clean and dry the surface of the paintings to preserve them for years to come.
在用细菌除去盐层之后，专家们对绘画表面进行了干净的和干燥处理来保护其度过以后的年月。
clean:干净的
There is at least a vaccine against one major cause of bacterial lung infections, pneumococcus, recommended for those at risk of flu complications by many health agencies.
许多卫生机构受到推崇的，对于一些主要的肺部感染细菌，如肺炎球菌，需至少对应一种疫苗，以对抗流感并发症的风险。
recommended:受到推崇的
The genome was then inserted into the nucleus of another bacterium, with May 2010 headlines announcing the creation of the first cell to run on a genome synthesized entirely from scratch.
基因组之后就被插入到了另一个细菌的细胞核当中。2010年五月的新闻头条宣布了第一个细胞的形成，作用于合成的的基因组。
synthesized:合成的
The strain of bacterium analyzed from the bones and teeth of a Hereford plague pit dug in 1349 is identical to that from a plague pit of 1348 in southern France, suggesting a direct route of travel.
在对从赫里福德1349年的瘟疫万人坑中采集的骨殖和牙齿，以及法国南部1348年的瘟疫墓地进行采集分析了后，可以发现这一支瘟疫细菌的完整的传播路径。
analyzed:分析了
Citigroup's Horowitz forecast loan loss provisions and net charge- offs of bad debt at Bank of America will stay flat or improve modestly from the first quarter.
花旗集团分析师霍诺维茨预测，美洲银行的贷款损失准备金和坏债净销帐将和上一季度持平，或有所提升。
improve:提升
A similar agency, the Resolution Trust Corporation, was created in 1989 to deal with the bad debt related to real estate lending.
美国在1989年曾经成立过一个类似的机构--美国重组信托公司，应付房地产借款有关的的坏帐。
related:有关的
In some circles, indeed, an ulcer was the badge of a hard - working executive: perhaps not as definitive proof of dedication to the job as a heart attack, but a lot less lethal.
的确，在某些领域，溃疡病是勤勉在职的的行政人员的标记，也许并不像心脏病那样被认为是敬业的确证，只是致命率要低得多。
working:在职的
He is, therefore, unfalteringly fearless, and necessarily scares the life out of every bad guy who crosses his path. You can see it in their faces.
这种人从来无所畏惧，只会让那些挡道的坏家伙们闻风丧胆，恐慌都写在脸上。
scares:恐慌
Then, there are baggage systems and ticketing systems —and they ’re all separate.
还有行李系统和售票处系统---这些系统都是彼此独立的。
ticketing:售票处
The vertical dynamic responses of the baggage car XL_( 22) with bogie type 209 are simulated with the bond graph approach.
并以XL_（22）型行李车（装用209型转向架）为例，进行了动态响应模拟的。
simulated:模拟的
Method of calculation by computer and its general program are also given. Baggage car XL_( 22) with bogie type 209 is taken as an illustrating example to be studied.
并以装用客车209型转向架的XL_（22）型行李车为例进行了计算，提出了悬挂参数选择的合理方案，可供设计和研究过人员参考。
studied:研究过
In July, the French-owned, Bahamian - flagged ANL Australia bound for Iran was intercepted in the UAE after a US tip -off.
7月阿联酋收到美国密报，截获了澳大利亚国家航运公司的一艘标记的为巴哈马国制造的法国籍货船，该船的目的地是伊朗。
flagged:标记的
One or two nights she phoned and I had to bail her out of jail for drunkenness and fighting.
还有一两个晚上她打来打电话，我要把醉酒滋事入狱的她保释出来。
phoned:打电话
Know whether your dog falls into best or worst “date - bait - breeds ” and act accordingly.
知道你的狗狗是最佳还是最逊的“约会诱饵品种”并采取相应行为。
act:行为
On cold days she would bake some bread or drink coffee in the kitchen, reading something.
在天冷的日子里，她会烤一些面包或者在厨房里喝着咖啡，做一些阅读。
bake:烤
You can bake these with or without sprinkling some extra sugar on top; with extra sugar gives a nice contrast to the earthy green tea flavor.
你烤的时候，可以选择另外放或者不放少许糖在表面，另外加些糖会于泥土风味的绿茶饼有很好的对比。
bake:烤
He is a bad cook, but on the other hand, he certainly can bake a good cake.
他是一个差劲的厨子，但从另一方面来看，他的确能烤好吃的蛋糕。
bake:烤
Avoid hydrogenated fats by baking your own baked goods or buying bread and pastries from bakeries and bake shops that don’t use them.
自己烘焙食品，或是在不使用氢化的油的面包店和烘焙店购买面包和点心，这样就能避免食用氢化的油。
hydrogenated:氢化的
Sprinkle a teaspoon on your breakfast cereal or in the foods you bake.
放一茶匙在早餐麦片里，或要烤的食物里。
bake:烤
Many fish and chip shops these days also offer extras such as mushy peas, bread, gravy, baked beans and curry sauce.
还有不少小店现在推出了豌豆泥 ，烤的，肉汤，烤豆和咖喱浆等小食。
baked:烤的
Another innovation came when Bakelite was patented as a replacement for shellac in grinding wheels.
当胶木用作砂轮中虫胶的获得专利替代品时，另一项创新出现了。
patented:获得专利
In 1922, he negotiated a merger between General Bakelite, Remanol and Condensite to form Bakelite Corp.
1922年，他通过协商的将通用胶木、雷德曼诺尔和康迪希特合并成立了胶木股份公司。
negotiated:协商的
Matrix in the grinding teams play the role entrusted by the metals, such as bakelite or ceramic materials.
基体是在打磨中起支托作用的，由金属、电木或陶瓷等材料组成。
grinding:打磨
As long as getting bread is good, why should it matter whether it is because the baker loves me or sees me as purely instrumental to his own happiness?
只要我得到面包是好事，那么为何要考虑面包师是出于对我的喜欢还是完全把我当做他自己获得幸福的工具所以才卖面包给我呢？
loves:喜欢
Patisse is a manufacturing company, producing a wide range of quality bakeware products.
帕蒂斯是荷兰的一家制造业公司，主要生产各种质量的烤盘制品。
manufacturing:制造业
Scientists do not know exactly what causes acrylamide to form but they believe it occurs as a result of a chemical process during baking, frying, grilling or toasting.
科学家并不确定是什么导致丙烯酰胺的形成，但是他们相信这是在烘焙，油煎，油炸或烘烤过程中产生的一种化学物质。
frying:油炸
Pack it with a baking sheet and put it to broil till it changes its color into light brown.
盒与烘焙表，并付诸以烤，直至把它改变其颜色变成浅棕色。
Pack:盒
The researchers injected mice with a tagged form of bicarbonate -- an alkali more commonly seen in baking soda -- that occurs naturally in the body and balances acidity, Brindle said.
研究人员给老鼠注入做了标记的重碳酸盐——一种在小苏打中常见的堿——它在体中自然产生并平衡酸性。
injected:注入
Because the load of resources can be balanced in the grid with unused resources, grid computing is like an extreme form of load balancing between SOA applications.
因为在有未使用资源的网格中可以均衡资源负载，所以网格计算好像是SOA应用程序之间负载均衡的一种终极形式。
balanced:均衡
Yes, we can’t have perfectly balanced days every day but we can try.
是的,我们不能拥有完美的均衡,但每天我们可以都试试。
balanced:均衡
Since the early years of trade expansion, when the balance of trade was in India s favour, it has reversed direction and is now weighted in China s favour, widening by the month.
即使是作为中印成就之一的双边贸易扩张也可能是即将发生的灾难。早年的贸易拓宽有利于印度，但后来方向扭转，如今贸易平衡倾向中国那方。
widening:拓宽
Women are generally thought to be less willing to take risks than men, so he speculated that the banks could balance out risky men by employing more women.
通常人们认为女人比男人不太愿意承担风险，因此，他推测银行能通过雇用更多的女人来平衡冒险的男人。
employing:雇用
The wires are Adam West; secure wi - fi is Christian Bale.
电缆就是亚当.威尔斯（AdamWest），安全的的wi-fi则是克里斯汀.贝尔（ChristianBale）。
secure:安全的
The balkanization of Sudan is what is really at stake. For years the leaders and officials of South Sudan have been supported by America and the European Union.
苏丹分裂危在旦夕。多年以来，苏丹南部的领导和官员一直受到美国和欧盟的支持的。
supported:支持的
The double- row angular contact ball bearing with split inner ring (Figure 1. 16) serves for carrying high and frequently reversing axial loads.
双列角接触分裂内圈（图1.16）球轴承的供应，并经常进行高扭转轴向负荷。
serves:供应
In our research work, the ZOOM analysis of ball- bearing vibrating signal from complex fatigue point corrosion is done by multiple- modulation ZOOM spectrum analysis.
本文采用复调制细化方法，对复杂疲劳点蚀故障的滚动轴承震动的信号进行了细化分析。
vibrating:震动的
Hepburn practices in a dance studio, circa 1955. She was a trained ballerina, and as a teen had performed at events raising money for the Dutch Resistance.
赫本在一个舞蹈室练习，大约拍摄于1955年出生。她曾经是位受过训练有素的芭蕾舞者，青少年时她曾为反战德国而表演筹钱。
trained:训练有素
She was a trained ballerina, and as a teen had performed at events raising money for the Dutch Resistance.
她曾经是位受过训练有素的芭蕾舞者，青少年时她曾为反战德国而表演筹钱。
trained:训练有素
That is how much I loved someone. Ballet to me is like hell on earth!
那就是我表达爱过的方式，芭蕾对我而言就像是人间天堂。
loved:爱过
If your child did complete a difficult task, reward him with a Sunday trip or a ball game with Dad.
如果你的孩子完成了一项艰巨的任务，作为报酬可以带他星期天去旅行或和爸爸进行一场球赛。
reward:报酬
The invention of the Internet has turned living a good life into a whole new ball game.
网络的发明已经把活的变成一个全新的游戏。
living:活的
I have a lot of work experience in America, but working in China is a whole new ballgame.
我在美国的在职的经验很丰富，但是我在中国就完全不一样了。
working:在职的
The resolution bans Pyongyang from activities related to a ballistic missile programme and calls on the international community to stop trading weapons and luxury goods with North Korea.
这一决议禁止朝鲜进行一切和弹道导弹项目有关的任何活动，并且呼吁伙计社会停止和北韩进行武器和奢侈品的贸易。
trading:贸易
The upgrades will improve performance against tactical ballistic and cruise missiles .In addition, select components will be replaced to extend the reliability and service life of the missiles.
这次升级将提升导弹针对战术弹道和巡航导弹的能力，并且，部分部件的更换还可扩展导弹的可靠性和生命周期。
replaced:更换
Ballistics is also used to help find a criminal. Ballistics is the analysis of bullets and bullet impacts to determine how a gun was used.
法医弹道学也可帮助锁定嫌疑人，它是通过对子弹和人体上的弹痕的分析，来确定枪的用过的方式。
used:用过的
One key to the insights here is a small, dark room with two 1,000- frames -per- second cameras, developed by the military to study ballistics, which slow high-speed action in high resolution.
实验室能提供独特视角的关键之处在于一个小的暗房，里面有两个1000帧/秒的摄像机。这种摄像机本是军方开发用来学习弹道学的，它可以把高速的动作以高分辨率的慢动作显示出来。
study:学习
One key to the insights here is a small, dark room with two 1, 000 - frames - per - second cameras, developed by the military to study ballistics, which slow high-speed action in high resolution.
实验室中开启飞行奥秘的关键法宝是一个小暗室，暗室中架设了两台每秒可拍摄1000帧画面的照相机，这种设备是军队为弹道学习需要而开发的，它可以放慢高速动作，并保持高分辨率。
study:学习
Having achieved so much in extending health - care coverage over the past 30 years, the Republic of Korea is faced with ballooning costs from an ageing population.
在过去30年间，韩国在扩大医疗保健范围上取得了杰出达到，但现在正面临人口老龄化导致费用不断增加的问题。
achieved:达到
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of the immortals.
不要短打。目的要瞄准棒球场之外。瞄准加入不朽者的行列。
Aim:目的
But right now, Madsen is more concerned about recruiting other dads to join him for play dates2 at the ballpark.
不过眼前马德森更关心的是要寻找其他爸爸们和自己相约带孩子们去棒球场玩儿。
dads:爸爸们
The training methods of billiards for the tacle will be analyzed in order to improve the billiard ball player's tacle. Besides of that some effective training methods will be put forward.
以提高训练者台球技战术水平为目的，对台球训练中经常采用的技战术训练方法，分别进行了综合分析了、研究，从而提出了几种科学、有效地掌握和提高台球技战术水平的训练方法。
analyzed:分析了
To date, Christina has planned to make her living as a major league ballplayer, and you shouldn't count her out.
迄今为止，克里斯蒂娜已计划做一个大联盟棒球手她的活的，你不应该指望她出去。
living:活的
When for decorating the Ballroom dancing garment, will consider its dance characteristic and stage effect fully.
在对国标舞服装进行装潢时要充分考虑到其舞蹈特点和舞台效果。
decorating:装潢
You name them — work, family, health, friends and spirit, and you ’re keeping all these balls in the air.
你点着它们的姓名：工作，家庭，健康，朋友，精神，你正保持这些球在空中。
name:姓名
Sunburn is still possible in the winter because the snow reflects the sun's rays. Protect your lips with lip balm, too.
冬天里仍然可能会有晒伤，因为雪会反映太阳辐射。记得抹唇膏。
reflects:反映
But those who study Islam know that's a bunch of baloney.
但是只要对伊斯兰教有了解和学习的人都知道这种看法是相当荒谬的。
study:学习
During the study, researchers recorded the width of the tree rings of balsam firs.
通过这个研究，研究者记录的下香脂冷杉的年轮的宽度。
recorded:记录的
Chad Reissig at Johns Hopkins University in Balti more, Maryland, is a medical researcher who studies drug dependence.
马里兰州巴尔的摩约翰斯·霍普金斯大学的ChadReissig是一名药物依赖的学习人员。
studies:学习
One of the upright, usually rounded or vase -shaped supports of a balustrade.
一种直立的，通常为圆形的或花瓶形的栏杆支撑物。
rounded:圆形的
But of some 100 newly translated titles that China promoted, most are banal introductions to China from state publishers.
但是，大约100本中国推展新翻译的的，大多数是从国家出版商出版的平庸地介绍中国的书籍。
translated:翻译的
Commenting on the transit of military cargoes bound for Afghanistan, Mr Ivanov said Russia wanted to control what was passing through its territory, because it was “not some banana republic ”.
在发表评论运往阿富汗的军事物资时，伊万诺夫说，俄罗斯想要控制是什么东西经过了它的领土，因为它可“不是什么香蕉共和国”。
Commenting:发表评论
Objective To study the performances in adsorbing and desorbing of polyphenol from banana peel by macroporous adsorptive resin.
目的学习大孔吸附树脂对香蕉皮多酚的吸附和解吸性能。
study:学习
For example, in a situation in which several bystanders need to band together to overwhelm a perpetrator, they will be more likely to act collectively than to act alone.
例如, 就有这样一种情况，在只有几个旁观者需要联合起来才能压倒一个罪犯的情况下,他们就可能会更多地采取集体行为。
act:行为
His father, who knows schoolboy German, translated the letter, carefully wrapped in cellophane and sealed with a medical bandage.
他的父亲，拥有一点学前的德语能力，给他的儿子进行了翻译的，那个信息条上还是用玻璃纸和一个医用绷带包裹，甚为严实。
translated:翻译的
Locke: I think that's overdoing it just a bit … He should have a bandana on his head!
洛克：我认为这做得有一点点过度，还是在他头上绑一条手巾吧！
overdoing:过度
At this point, he throws away that TheBoss' bandana he still wore and officially accepts the title he earned forkillingher.
此时，他抛弃了一直穿着的首领的头带，正式接受了因杀害她而赢得的称号。
wore:穿着
That s part of what makes Fourier wonderful. Nonetheless, for some signal - processing applications, banded matrices could prove more efficient than the Fourier transform.
那是傅里叶变换美妙的部分，但对于某些信号加工应用来说，带状矩阵可以比傅里叶变换更加高效。
processing:加工
A story that tells how a woman and her boyfriend were arrested for a string of bank robberies might be headlined: “Bandit, Boyfriend Held in Robberies .”
一条关于一名女子与男友在抢劫一系列银行后被抓获的新闻，可能冠以这样的新闻头条新闻："强盗、男友被捕"。
headlined:头条新闻
Banditry is still rampant, the feudal forces remain intact, and we still have a long way to go to fulfil the quotas for public grain and taxes.
就目前说，土匪为患还很严重，封建势力原封未动，征粮收税任务的实现都还差得很远。
fulfil:实现
Benny Goodman, a preeminent white bandleader and clarinetist, was the first to hire a black musician to be part of his ensemble.
贝尼·古德曼是一位杰出的乐队领导和单簧管演奏者，也是首位在团队中聘请黑人的音乐家。
hire:聘请
Most big bands had one bandleader who would lead the group, and also play many of the solos.
许多大乐团会有一位团长带领乐团，同时也要负责许多独奏部分。
lead:带领
Distributed state of noise could be comprehended according to these data and charts, thereby the noise of bandsaw could be controlled.
由这些数据和线图可以全面了解带锯机的噪声分散式情况，以便分析和控制噪声。
Distributed:分散式
This section explains how the queueing system distributes any remaining bandwidth.
这节解释了排队系统如何分配任何其余的带宽。
remaining:其余的
If you'll have any major expenses beyond the living costs of your founders, bandwidth, and servers, what will they be?
如果你收到其他创始人付出的活的以外的重大开支，比如服务器和带宽，这些开支是什么？
living:活的
Perhaps this explains why so far this year, the BPM hospital in Patna has admitted about 130 snake bite patients, nearly all of them bitten by bandy.
或许这可以解释今年目前为止，巴特那的BPM医院已经增加了近130个被蛇被咬的病人，几乎所有被被咬的人都是被这种蝰蛇被咬的。
bitten:被咬
Lack of living space has been the bane of modern life.
缺少居住空间已经是现代活的的祸害。
living:活的
The sheer strength of an individual player does not necessarily qualify him as a legitimate banger.
纯粹力量的一个单独球员并不一定使他有合格作为一个正当的硬汉。
qualify:合格
Arsenic enters Bangladeshi drinking water from soil near the surface rather than deep underground as thought, say researchers.
科学家们说，进入孟加拉语饮用水的砷元素来自土壤的浅层，而不是此前认为的地下深层。
Bangladeshi:孟加拉语
The more modern diamond bangle bracelet is on a metal hoop that surrounds the wrist.
更现代的钻石手镯，是在一个金属箍环绕的手腕。
surrounds:环绕
Sweet and romantic, this rhodium-plated bangle is decorated in exquisitely crafted heart motifs.
带有甜蜜和浪漫气息的手镯，而为对应浪漫气息，特定制作出带有心形的装饰的图案。
decorated:装饰的
Workers’ compensation rose by more than 9% a year in dollar terms from 2002 to 2006, according to Ms Lett and Ms Banister, and by over 11% in the cities.
莱特女士和班尼斯特女士的统计表明，从2002年到2006年，工人的薪酬根据美元计算每年提高9%，而在城市中则是11%。
according:根据
He was a virtuoso on both banjo and guitar, and also recorded on mandolin and lute.
他是一个两班卓琴和吉他演奏家，并在曼陀林有琵琶记录的。
recorded:记录的
Put aside an hour or two each Saturday morning for example to check your bank balance, pay any bills necessary, speak to your VA, check your calendar for the next week and so on.
比如每周六早晨准备一两个小时查看银行存款余额，支付任何必要的账单，给你的虚拟助手下指示，查看下周的日历等等。
check:查看
Cash bank draft can only be cashed in the agent payment bank which is written on the bill.
兑现银行汇票只能到票面记载的代理付款行支取兑现；
cashed:兑现
When your order is confirmed, you can make payment by check, telegraphic transfer, bank draft and the post office remittance … etc … Please use the bank account we provide in the faxed "Sales Order ".
当您的订货要求得到确认的后，您可以使用支票、电汇、汇票、邮局汇款等方式付款，银行帐号以我司传真件中所提供的银行帐号为准。
confirmed:确认的
Scientists are also working to learn more about the skills encoded in the genes of each banked seed — crucial knowledge that is often not recorded.
科学家们也正在努力了解更多关于为基因库各类种子编码的的技能——这些技能是没有相关记载、至关重要的知识。
encoded:编码的
The stamp, which was designed and produced by the Canadian Bank Note Company and SICPA Product Security, contains security features much like the identifiers stamped on money.
这种由加拿大造币公司和锡克拜（SICPA）产品安全公司设计的和生产的税票所具有的安全特征，与货币上印制的标识符十分类似。
designed:设计的
Its image adorns a recently issued banknote - the only one in circulation with no portrait of Mao Zedong.
最近发行的钞票就用鸟巢做的点缀——这是发行的钞票中唯一一个没用毛泽东相的.
adorns:点缀
But we will not achieve that until we win our democracies back from overwhelming corporate influence, in pursuit of a bankrupt value system.
但除非我们从在追求一个破产的价值体系的压倒性的企业影响中赢回民主，我们将不可能有所达到。
achieve:达到
Then, you wake up one morning, and all that's left of your site is a full- page banner ad for a site you'd rather not be associated with.
然而某一天早上醒来之后，您突然发现站点上全是某个与您毫无联系的站点的全页横幅广告。
associated:联系
Each page of site should have top, bottom, left and right banner ad positions for sale and some way to manage the banner ads and use paypal for banner subscriptions.
每个网站的页面应该有上，下，左边，右旗某种方式进行销售和管理的旗帜横幅广告和订阅使用贝宝的广告位置。
left:左边
We also extend BANNS to process All- k - Nearest - Neighbor queries which means given two sets of spatial objects A, B, find each object in A its k nearest neighbors in B.
综上，我们研究了道路网络中的多对象最近邻查询问题，提出一个新颖的查询处理算法BANNS，并对其进行了延长。
extend:延长
Groupon borrowed some tools and terms from journalism, softened the traditional heavy hand of advertising, added some banter and attitude and married the result to a discounted deal.
Groupon从新闻行业借取了一些工具和术语，软化了传统广告的重手笔，将戏谑和姿态加入了打折的宣传。
discounted:打折的
To do so he looked at three well - studied parts of the linguistic family tree: the Bantu languages of Africa, the Indo -European group from Eurasia and the Austronesians of the Pacific.
他察看了语言系谱中三种研究过得比较充分的语言：非洲的班图语，欧亚大陆的印欧语系以及太平洋地区的南岛语族。
studied:研究过
Exogenous 6- benzylaminopurine (BAP) inhibited the rooting of cotyledon top section and restrained the rooting- related changes on IAA and proteins.
反之当培养基中附加BAP抑制子叶生根，也抑制了与生根有关的的IAA变化和蛋白质表达。
related:有关的
contains a family (inherited) name, as opposed to a given, baptismal, or nick name.
包含家族（遗传）名（姓氏），有别于教名、洗礼名或者绰号。
inherited:遗传
The new secretary found working under him a real baptism of fire.
那位新秘书发觉，在他手下在职的是很不好过的）。
working:在职的
In this eight years, we have experienced a baptism of fire and water, and harvest all the friends in the support and affirmation.
在这八年中，我们经历了水与火的洗礼，亦在收成各界朋友的支持与肯定。
harvest:收成
King, a Baptist minister who was the son of a Baptist minister, preached that material advancement was meaningless without an accompanying moral structure.
浸礼会牧师金是一名浸礼会牧师的儿子，他谆谆告诫，如果没有一个随同而生的道德结构，物质进步是毫无意义的。
accompanying:随同
John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.
照这话，约翰来了，在旷野施洗，传悔改的施洗，使罪得赦。
baptize:施洗
We do not baptize covenant children on the presumption of their regeneration, but on basis of the divine command and promises attached to baptism.
圣约儿童接受施洗不是认为他们会重生，而是基于神的命令和附属于施洗的应许。
baptize:施洗
Once detonated the barb of water does two things: First, it slices through the exterior casing of the IED.
一旦起爆这些水刺会做两件事：一、切开引爆装置的外壳。
detonated:引爆
The recent killings by al -Shabaab and Hizbul Islam highlight yet again their barbarism, brutality and intolerance of Somali culture and values.
最近由阿尔·沙巴阿巴和伊斯兰党制造的流血事件强调展现了他们的野蛮、残暴以及与索马里文化和价值观的格格不入。
highlight:强调
But even worse were those that succeeded in exciting the senses, but in barbarous ways.
更糟糕的是那些成功了制造了感官刺激，而方式却极为野蛮的影片。
succeeded:成功了
Korean barbecue features thin slices of beef or pork cooked and served with rice.
韩国烧烤以煮过的牛肉或者猪肉薄片就这大米吃为特征。
features:特征
The most obvious form of security is that which surrounds the compound itself in the form of a wall or barbed wire fence.
最明显的安全形式就是在环绕设置高墙或者带刺的金属丝栅栏。
surrounds:环绕
But, of course, this doesn’t mean Chinese will pay any price and buy into any brand and the lifestyles promised, as the demise of the Barbie superstore in Shanghai confirms.
但是，最大的消费，当然，这并不意味着中国会不计价格，购买任何品牌与承诺的的任何生活方式，上海芭比超市的没落就证实了这一点。
promised:承诺的
The picture of the bar code is analyzed, then the UPC is determined by the phone's software and forwarded to the store's server for product lookup and price.
电话的软件对条形码图形进行分析了，然后确定UPC，并将UPC转发到商店的服务器，以进行产品查找和确定价格。
analyzed:分析了
Some bare -bones officials refused to return to China after a working trip to other countries.
一些裸体官员趁着去国外出差的机会，在职的结束之后拒绝回到中国。
working:在职的
The superiorities of BARF together with the current situation of the research and development of BARF in the world were introduced, the key problems to be further researched were pointed out.
介绍了生物活性滤池的优势和国内外研究过与发展的现状，并提出有待进一步研究过的问题。
researched:研究过
Edwards emphasizes that the deals were nothing more than opportunities to expand at bargain prices.
爱德华兹强调这些交易无非是在便宜的价格下进行扩张。
expand:扩张
It's also because fashion companies were incensed during the holidays when their prestige labels were being sold at bargain -basement prices that competed with their own stores.
也由于时装公司在节假日减价销售，伤及品牌形象，与自己的连锁店构成了恶性参加比赛。
competed:参加比赛
He, too, prefers the 10 - year price - to- earnings ratio, he said, but he didn’t think that it necessarily had to fall to the same bargain- basement levels it reached in the 1930s and 1970s.
博格先生说,他同样喜欢于10年期的市盈率估值,但他不认为,指标要回到1930年或1970年的低值水平才开始购买股票.
prefers:喜欢
That's a massive undertaking that could not happen quickly and is fervently opposed by barge operators who move millions of tons of commodities through the Chicago locks each year.
这是一项艰巨的任务，可能不会很快完成，并受到每年运输百万吨商品通过芝加哥船闸的驳船运营商的强烈反对的。
opposed:反对的
It then presents the data related to those queries as a bar graph that charts the number of messages month- by - month and day -by-day.
搜索后它会将和那些查询有关的的数据显示为条形图表，按照每个月或每天来表示信息的数量。
related:有关的
A new type of sulphoaluminate clinker containing barium was burnt from low - grade raw material of barytes, and its burning process was studied.
采用低品位的重晶石为原料，烧制新型含钡硫铝酸盐水泥熟料，并对该水泥熟料的烧成制度进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
Growing agricultural plants such as maize or barley already cools the climate because they reflect more sunlight back into space than natural vegetation.
玉米和大麦已经在这一战线上发挥作用，因为它们对阳光的反映能力比自然界里的其它植物更强。
reflect:反映
Even more remarkable has been the revival of shochu, a distilled spirit which can be made from barley, sweet potato or cane sugar.
除了酒吧掀起米酒热，日本传统的烧酒业也在近两年发生了显著的变化。日本烧酒是用大麦、甘薯和砂糖制成的蒸馏的酒。
distilled:蒸馏的
Only certain grain products qualify; no added sugar, salt, or oil allowed in rice, barley, bulgur or oatmeal; sugar restriction and iron requirement for breakfast cereals.
只有特定谷粒产品具认证合格；米饭、大麦、小麦片或燕麦片中不可加糖、盐，但允许加油；早餐谷类物类可加糖及铁质。
qualify:合格
For all I know, he ’s never photographed a wedding or bar mitzvah in his life.
据我所知，他从来没有为婚礼和受洗拍过拍照。
photographed:拍照
Goose barnacle Capitulum mitella is a seafood with high nutrition and multiple biological and health benefits. To study its digestive functionality can provide theoretical foundation for its breeding.
龟足是一种营养价值高，具有多种生理功能和保健作用的优质海产品，开展其消化生理的学习，可以为其规模化养殖提供理论依据。
study:学习
McKinley, the first presidential candidate to barnstorm across the nation, backed the gold standard against his Democratic opponent's proposal that it should be joined by silver in a fixed ratio.
麦金莱（WilliamMcKinley）是首位在全美进行演讲的总统候选人，他支持金本位体系，反对其民主党对手提出的白银以固定的比例加入的金银复本位制。
fixed:固定的
The whispers began a few weeks ago, with reports coming from the team monitoring the Cassini spacecraft, which has been orbiting Saturn and barnstorming its moons since 2004.
议论开始于几周以前“卡西尼号”土星探测器科学小组发布的报告，“卡西尼”自2004年起就开始环绕监控土星以及其卫星。
monitoring:监控
Meanwhile, the government is doing nothing to dismantle many of the obstacles to doing business — notably the baroque rules on everything from paying taxes to employing people.
同时，政府在排除许多经商障碍上无所作为，最典型的是从纳税到雇用等等一切行为之上的巴洛克规则（表示华而不实-译者理解）。
employing:雇用
Imagine what would happen if the oil market were humming along, with supply and demand balanced at a price of $25 a barrel, and a bunch of speculators came in and drove the price up to $100.
试想一下，供给曲线和需求曲线在25美元一桶处取得均衡，然后一群投机者介入了嗡嗡运转的石油市场并将油价抬高至100美元，这时候会发生什么事情？
balanced:均衡
He pushes open a factory door to reveal a patch of barren scrubland; the factory, it turns out, is just a façade. “Amazing !” he shouts, gesturing at the empty space.
只见他推开工厂的大门，却是出一片荒芜的灌木林——原来这家工厂只是一个空壳子——接着他朝着虚空做着打手势大喊道：“太棒了！”
gesturing:打手势
The dinuclear system model has been further developed by introducing the barrier distribution function method in the process of heavy- ion capture and fusion to synthesize superheavy nuclei.
通过在形成超重核的重离子俘获和熔合过程中引入位垒分布函数的方法对双核模型做了进一步发达。
developed:发达
Defending barrister John Charles Rees QC said Freaney had never disputed killing her son and was a woman with no previous convictions.
卫冕律师约翰查尔斯里斯QC说芙蕾妮从未否认过自己犯下的罪行，而且她没有前科。
Defending:卫冕
Despite all the rhetoric that is, face the problem, in fact, if you estimated that rarely leave their shoes dragged out and re - enter the examination room of the bar.
说来说去也就是面子问题，其实若是你们，估计也很少把鞋子拖出去，关于进入考场的吧。
re:关于
The bartender says, "No I told you we only sell beer, and if you ask me again I'm going to nail your beak to the bar.
酒保说：”没有，我跟你说过我们这只卖啤酒，如果你再来问，我就用指甲把你的嘴钉到吧台上。
nail:指甲
If you're a man with high basal testosterone, you're 43 per cent more likely to get divorced than men with low testosterone levels.
如果你是一个基底睾酮指标很高的男性，你比睾酮指标比你低的男性离婚的机率多43%。
divorced:离婚的
But if we want to base action on evidence and answers, we are only at the start.
但如果我们想以证据和答案作为行动根据，这才刚刚开始。
base:根据
But we do not have to base a relationship on these same needs forever and feel that the relationship is over.
我们不要觉得那些永恒不变的需求才是一段感情的根据，当需求变化了就觉得感情也结束了。
base:根据
Blackwater swiftly denounced the story as "baseless ", while a former Blackwater official – the CIA veteran Cofer Black – denied the New York Times's claim that he confronted Prince over the bribery.
黑水公司立刻谴责该故事“毫无根据”，与此同时，前黑水官员——美国中央情报局老将考夫·布莱克（CoferBlack）——对《纽约时报》称他曾质问普林斯有关贿赂事宜的说法予以拒绝。
denied:拒绝
If the case is a new case, we often use the final actual test result in the new release to set up our baseline for future comparison.
如果该用例是一个新的用例，我们常常在新的发行版中使用最后的实际测试结果，以便为以后的比较放基准。
set:放
For instance, we could have them maintain existing code bases and extend them.
比如，我们要使他们维持现有代码的基础并对其进行延长。
extend:延长
Go there every time, he always should aim punching bag bash it is 15 minutes, abreact anger go out, feel pleasurable next.
在那里，保留着一个练习冲孔用的吊袋。每次走到那里，他总要对准了吊袋猛击它15分钟，把怒气发泄出去，然后就觉得心情舒畅了。
punching:冲孔
Yeah that NAFTA thing worked out real good. For the WEALTHY. Im glad they won. They should throw a bash, WORKERS ONLY. Management kiss my ass…
是啊，在北美自由贸易区工作过真的很好。从钱的角度上来说，我很高兴他们中奖了。他们应该举行一个庆典或舞会。让管理人员看着眼红吧…
worked:工作过
The two- day celebration includes music, fireworks, and feasting -- as well as the hours -long procession following an image of Our Lady of Nazareth through the streets to the Belem basilica.
为时两天的庆祝活动包括音乐、烟火和灯红酒绿——还有跟随在我们尊敬的拿撒勒圣母像后长达数小时的游行，穿过大街到达贝伦的长方形教堂。
feasting:灯红酒绿
They have to create a bas - relief works, mostly about the painting works at that time, as well as with hunting animals is the characters give priority to.
他们所创作出的浅浮雕作品，内容大多与当时的绘画作品一样，是以动物与打猎的人物形象为主。
hunting:打猎
Say "no" to high- mercury fish such as fresh tuna, canned albacore, wild bass, swordfish and tilefish.
对高汞的鱼说“不”，比如新鲜的金枪鱼，金枪鱼罐装的，野生鲈鱼，旗鱼和方头鱼。
canned:罐装的
The Caput ensemble (nine brass musicians, two organists, and a bassist along with various bells and electronics) performs the work.
领奏团（九个黄铜管弦乐手，两个风琴手，一个低音乐手以及各种打击乐手和电音手）来完成这个施行。
performs:施行
The tragic end of Mike Starr, the Alice in Chains bassist who died on Tuesday after a heroin overdose, might look like just another rock death.
麦克·斯塔尔（MikeStarr）的生命以悲剧谢幕，爱丽丝囚徒（AliceinChains）乐队的主唱就曾因服用了过量的毒品在一个星期二死了，也许这在人们看来只是一个摇滚歌手的死了。
died:死了
But early versions had problems with weak springs that would clog with the honey and barbecue sauce people used to baste their birds.
但是早期的版本中，软弱的弹簧与人们经常加入的蜂蜜和烧烤酱发生阻塞。
clog:阻塞
If that unmowed lawn or unscrubbed bathtub is preventing you from relaxing, calculate what it would cost to hire someone else to do it, versus the value of your time and mental well-being.
如果那未修整的草地或未擦洗的浴缸正阻碍你放松，计算一下聘请他人来做会花费多少，与你的时间价值和精神康乐相对比。
hire:聘请
Linssen explains: "For this project I took the frame of a chair, designed with comfort and posture in mind, and let it evolve into a bathtub.
林森解释说：“这个项目我采用了椅子的结构，出于舒适和姿势的考虑设计的，并转化成一个浴缸。
designed:设计的
Only one other batsman since the second world war had averaged over 100 in two separate seasons –and no one had ever done it in consecutive years.
在二战以后，只有另一个击球手可以做到在不连续的两个赛季平均的击出100个好球，历史上也没有人能在连续的两个赛季做到这些。
averaged:平均的
Asthe men and women of First Battalion, 87th Infantry deployed, planeload afterplaneload, to Afghanistan this year, there was an unspoken question in the air: Who among them wouldn’t make it home?
随着87团一营的士兵们被运上飞机，一批又一批的已部署在阿富汗，就有一个难以启齿的问题一直萦绕心头：他们之中谁将在阿富汗阵亡？
deployed:已部署
They ’re asking researchers to batter and overload the neural platforms, to figure out where vulnerabilities can be detected.
他们正要求研究者对神经平台进行猛击以及超载测试，来弄明白能够查明的脆弱点到底在哪里。
overload:超载
This battle is our last chance; we must fight to a finish.
这次斗争是我们最后的一次机会；我们必须决一死战。
fight:斗争
I want to win that next battle — for justice and opportunity.
我希望赢得下一场战争的赢—为了正义与机遇。
win:赢
When a knight fought, he usually carried a shield, a lance, a long sword, a battle- axe and a knife.
骑士战斗过时，通常会带上盾、矛、长剑、战斧及刀。
fought:战斗过
In response to Garfield's battle cry, I tried to act constructively and get my fellow frustrated cable customers, who now can be heard via blogs and Google, to reinvent the industry in their image.
作为对Garfield战斗口号的回应，我曾尝试采取建设性的行为，让那些郁闷的、同时可以通过博客和Google被外界所了解的有线电视客户重新构建他们理想中的服务。
act:行为
Looking at selling in terms of internal timelines, absent steps for customer collaboration, helped create our battle cry, “Close!
以内部时间表为准来衡量卖工作，缺乏客户协作，造就了我们忙于签单的口号：“快签”！
selling:卖
And as a female I feel we have lost our gender and identity in the battlefield of the inner office, becoming sexless, senseless, and loveless, living our "No Life" existence.
作为一名女性，我们在办公室没有硝烟的战场上渐渐丧失了自己的女性身份，变成一个个没有性别特征，没有意识，也没有爱情的“无活的”生物。
living:活的
First, however, we must win in Afghanistan — truly the decisive battleground in this global struggle.
然而首先，我们必须在阿富汗取得赢——现在这是这场全球斗争的关键战场。
win:赢
Meanwhile, Republican John McCain campaigned in Florida on Friday, another key battleground or swing state where both campaigns are very competitive.
同在星期五，共和党人麦凯恩在佛罗里达州展开竞选的，这又是一个战场州，双方的竞争激烈。
campaigned:竞选的
America ’s strong Bill of Rights, respect for the law and tradition of liberty have helped to hold the goons and snoopers at bay.
美国强大的权利法案，对法律和自由的抓住尊重，有助于那些在海湾的暴徒和窥探者的行动。
hold:抓住
The dried aromatic leaf of the laurel or bay(Laurus nobilis) used as a seasoning in cooking.
月桂树（月桂月桂属）的干的香叶，在烹调中用作调味品。
dried:干的
Modern models 107 and 108 have well - balanced automatics have matching sites that enable to mount a grenade launcher or a bayonet.
先进型号AK-107和AK-108拥有具有良好均衡能力的自动装置，并且备有安装榴弹发射器或者刺刀的地方。
balanced:均衡
The papers also disclosed that other men saw him as an object of ridicule, joking about him starving in a canned food factory, unable to open a tin with a bayonet.
文件还显示，希特勒当时竟是其他人的笑料。他因为不会用刺刀挑开罐装的食品，在罐装食品厂竟然差点活活饿死。
canned:罐装的
Although this croaker is a bayou - dweller, its species thrives as far north as Canada.
虽然这个嘎嘎响的小家伙只是一个海湾的寄居者，可是其物种茁壮成长得好像就在北部的加拿大那样。
thrives:茁壮成长
Typically Bay Window is consisted of three windows joined together. The center window is usually fixed, with operating double-hung or casement windows at the sides.
典型的弓型窗是由三扇窗组合而成。中间为固定的窗，两侧为提拉窗或平开窗。
fixed:固定的
And one of the most famous hoaxes ever was broadcast by the BBC itself in 1957!
还有，其中一个最著名的骗局是由英国播送公司在1957年所播出的！
broadcast:播送
Non-government organizations (NGOs) working in the communities say there is much suspicion the vacated buffer zone will turn into profit for someone else as prime beachfront property for hotels.
在斯里兰卡各社区开展在职的的非政府组织表示，目前有人怀疑搬空后的缓冲区会变为海滨饭店的黄金地带，从而使某些人从中获利。
working:在职的
Well, thus equipped, we all set out - even the fellow with the broken head, who should certainly have kept in shadow - and straggled, one after another, to the beach, where the two gigs awaited us.
我们就带着这样的配备出发的，连脑袋开花的那个也去了，他本应在阴凉处呆着的。
equipped:配备
A well camouflaged Marine is giving silent instructions to a Marine Corps jungle - trained dog on the front lines of the beachhead in Bougainville, Soloman Islands, on Jan. 13, 1944 during World War II.
1944年1月13日，第二次世界大战期间，所罗门群岛的布干维尔岛滩头阵地，一名伪装得很好的海军陆战队员命令海军陆战队一条在丛林接受过训练有素的军犬“保持安静”。
trained:训练有素
General Lucas confined himself to occupying his beachhead and having equipment and vehicles brought ashore.
卢卡斯将军专心致志于占据滩头堡，并使装备和车辆登岸。
occupying:占据
So this steady stream of hardworking and talented people has made America the engine of the global economy and a beacon of hope around the world.
因此随着这一永不休止的浪潮而来的任劳任怨而充满智慧的人们，使美国成为世界经济的引擎、全球希望的灯塔。
hardworking:任劳任怨
The beading is in the hue of rich montana blue with light sapphire color accents set into filigree frames.
在蓝宝石玻璃珠是用灯光的颜色设置成精细帧口音在蒙大拿州丰富的蓝色的色调。
blue:蓝色的
Beagle personal information management is tightly integrated into the Linux environment to provide real-time indexing and integrated search capabilities throughout the entire desktop.
Beagle个人信息管理紧密集成在Linux环境中，可以在整个桌面中提供实时的索引和融合的的搜索功能。
integrated:融合的
The Beagle Board does not emit the analog signal that would drive this setup, so using a converter or analog monitor would be fruitless.
BeagleBoard不产生驾驶这个设置的模拟信号，所以使用转换器或模拟监视器是没有意义的。
drive:驾驶
Now, we are appalled in the West at the notion of eating dog while considering it natural to have a dog as a pet — I own a Beagle myself (“ Ned ”) and I ’m very fond of him.
现在，我们西方人对吃狗肉的想法感到震惊，同时认为养狗当宠物是自然而然的事--我自己就有一条小猎犬(名叫“Ned’)，我很喜欢他。
’:’
The trick is to use what is known as a "fast Fourier transform" to unpick more than 300 separate colours of light in a laser beam, each encoded with its own string of information.
这种技术是使用“快速傅里叶变换”把一束激光中的超过300中不同的光的颜色的光分解出来，每一种光被编码的成它自己的信息串。
encoded:编码的
Stuffed and Beanbag -Type Toys—Stuffed and beanbag type toys shall meet the applicable requirements of this specification after being tested in accordance with 8.9.1.
这里有明确提到填充玩具需要在实施8.9.1的测试过后应满足本标准的相应要求。
tested:测试过
The beanpole striker tells the Scot he's always wanted to partner Nikola Zigic up-front because having a taller team-mate would make him feel'so much better about things.
这个竹竿前锋告诉苏格兰人他其实一直都很想根志吉其组成锋线伙伴，因为有名比自己还高的队友能让他“感觉很好”。
partner:伙伴
Standing like letter "Q ", its bean sprout like leg and small pattern of rhombus grid represent its bright smartness and loveliness.
以Q的姿态常设，豆芽菜形态的腿部造型加上菱形方格的细碎纹样，更显明眸皓齿的机灵乖巧。
Standing:常设
Another factor: Traders have placed an unusually high volume of bearish bets against the U.S. dollar in recent weeks and may want to lock in profits by reversing those trades, analysts say.
另外一个因素是：据分析人士说，交易员最近几周在看跌美元上押了非同一般高的赌注，他们可能希望通过倒车这类交易而锁定利润。
reversing:倒车
Antagonizing a bear with a chocolate chip cookie or ballet dancing on the beach during a tsunami is a stupid way to die.
用巧克力饼干激怒一只熊或在海啸时的海滩上跳芭蕾是一个愚蠢的死方法。
die:死
KDH Defense Systems Inc. beat out Eagle Industries to supply soldiers with a lightweight alternative to the current -issue Improved Outer Tactical Vest, which weighs about 33 pounds, Brig.
Gen Peter Fuller表示，KDH防御系统公司击败了老鹰工业，为士兵提供轻量级替代现存的改进外穿战术防弹背心，其称重大约33磅。
weighs:称重
Mr Mao says that people have since telephoned him, threatening to beat him up. Language on the internet is strong.
茅先生说，自一些人扬言要对他进行报复之后，他收到了很多威胁打电话，在网络上对他的一些言辞更是激烈。
telephoned:打电话
Today, I realised that the last three people to see my intimate parts these last weeks were my beautician, my doctor and the lady who did my check up ultra sound.
今天我刚刚发现，好长时间以来，只有三个人看过我的裸体：美容师，大夫，还有给我做超声波查看的姐姐。
check:查看
I felt at one with all the energy that was, and it was beautiful there.
似乎我和周围的能量就是合在一起的个体，那种毛毡真的很美。
felt:毛毡
Beauty to her, as to all who have felt, lay not in the thing, but in what the thing symbolized.
美在她看来，正如许多深有感触的人一样，并不在美的事物本身，而是在它的符号化的。
symbolized:符号化的
The one-time beauty queen, basketball player, and coach loves to hunt and fish in her off time, typical activities of many Alaskans.
她也当过选美王后，打过篮球，做过教练，业余时间喜爱打猎和钓鱼。这些是阿拉斯加许多人的典型生活内容。
hunt:打猎
The hills were framed with trees, and beyond them stretched a band of sea on which the sky, like a sail becalmed, rested in all its tenderness.
树木为山搭起了陷害，在他们上面，延伸着一段大海，而其上的天空，像一面平静的帆，静静地休憩着。
framed:陷害
The audience were disappointed in the comedian because he lapsed from his formerly high standard of performance.
观众对这位喜剧演员感到失望的，因为他的表演没有过去水平高了。
disappointed:失望的
Now, bedbug - related lawsuits can lead to thousands of dollars in punitive damages for mental anguish, embarrassment or humiliation.
臭虫给人们带来精神痛苦、尴尬和羞辱，其有关的的法律诉讼已经导致成千上万的惩罚性赔偿损失。
related:有关的
This paper introduces the application situation of double- chamber bed in Shijiazhuang Co-generation Power Plant, and describes the process features in practical operation of the double- chamber bed.
文章介绍了双室床在石家庄热电厂的应用情况，论述了双室床的实际运行工艺特征。
features:特征
This paper briefs the achievements ever made in desalting technique, details operation principle and features of double- chamber floating bed with some typical illustrations.
本文简述了近二十年来除盐技术的发展。结合双室漂浮的床的应用实例，详细阐述了其工作运行原理，还分析提出了其运用的技术特点。
floating:漂浮的
This paper analyzes the process and reasons for the problems exited in water treatment with double- chamber floating bed.
介绍硫磺制酸中脱盐水双室漂浮的阳床以硫酸代替盐酸再生的改造情况。
floating:漂浮的
In sulfuric acid production, re-genesis test is presented in replacing hydrochloric acid with sulfuric acid in double- chamber floating cation bed.
介绍硫磺制酸中脱盐水双室漂浮的阳床以硫酸代替盐酸再生的改造情况。
floating:漂浮的
This paper presents the profile, processing philosophy, process characteristics and actual Running conditions of the double- chamber float boiling bed in Yuntianhua Co. LTD.
文章介绍了云南云天化股份有限公司双室浮动沸腾床的概况、处理原理、工艺特点及实际跑步情况。
Running:跑步
A cold -state model test and hot -state combustion test were conducted of the cyclone burn our chamber of a fluidized bed boiler.
对沸腾炉旋风燃尽室进行了冷态模型试验和热态烧伤试验。
burn:烧伤
What kind of a pandemonium that vessel was, I cannot descriBe, But she was commanded By a lunatic, and might Be called a floating Bedlam.
那艘船处于怎样的一片混乱之中，我无法形容，但它确在一个精神错乱者的指挥之下，可以称之为一所漂浮的的疯人院。
floating:漂浮的
Brand new appliances, air-conditioning, color TV, shower, new bed linen, bedding is complete.
全新名牌电器，空调，彩电，淋浴，新寝具，被褥齐全。
bedding:寝具
Bedpan on a fixed position to facilitate the finding, if there was no response from adults, he will find himself.
便盆要放在固定的的位置方便找到，如果大人没有反应过来的话，他自己就会去找。
fixed:固定的
Methods: Bedpan in air - cushion was designed, tried, improved, and analysed, tables were set up for patients to evaluate their easiness, and for nurses to estimate the nursing convenience.
方法：设计的充气助便床垫，经试用后改进定型，评价患者床上排便、更换床单等指标。
designed:设计的
Often as young as 4 or 5, they stand bedraggled at the bends, using flattened green Sprite bottles as flags, waving the drivers through when the way is clear.
他们通常4、5岁，脏兮兮的站在道路转弯处，用压扁了的绿色雪碧瓶子当信号旗，当道路通畅后，左右挥手告诉司机通行。
waving:挥手
As people scurried back into their vehicles, the bedraggled, frozen column began to creep forward, slowly at first, but then with more resolve.
大家赶紧上车，车队开始缓缓蠕变。这支蓬头垢面的车队托着冻僵的身子慢慢地向前挪动，很慢但很坚决。
creep:蠕变
But while he is happily bedridden, Nana is utterly frustrated by her situation.
但爷爷乐于卧床不起，奶奶却为自己的处境感到沮丧的。
frustrated:沮丧的
A new site offers to help people born as men but living as women find husbands in a country where marriage remains the bedrock of society and gender and sexuality are still conservatively defined.
这个新建网站在印度，这个一直以来以婚姻为社会基石的国家，一个对性别和性取向的定义的还很保守的国家，为变性人寻找丈夫。
defined:定义的
A good bedside manner enables the sonographer to explain complex procedures to patients and reassure those who fear the health matters the testing may reveal.
对病人良好的态度可以让医用声谱仪操作员把复杂的检查步骤解释给病人听，可以帮助那些担心检查出健康问题的病人消除害怕。
fear:害怕
Examples of fabrics woven by Jacquard techniques include damask, tapestry, brocade, brocatelle, and some bedspread fabrics.
利用提花工艺织造的编织包括锦缎、花缎以及一些床单编织。
woven:编织
First of all, health experts say bed-wetting should be treated with understanding.
首先，健康专家说尿床应该是以理解处理过的。
treated:处理过的
Scientists hope that the simple bee brain could be a model for automated facial recognition. Which could help in FBI stings.
科学家们希望简单的蜜蜂脑能作为自动的面部识别的模型，这样就能在FBI搜查中帮上忙了。
automated:自动的
The Apache Beehive project is working on a generalized implementation of a JSR - 181 processor.
ApacheBeehive项目正在进行通用JSR-181处理器通用实现方面的在职的。
working:在职的
If stem cells were tagged with HCELL, he thought, they would make a beeline for the correct tissue —say, to regenerate bones in patients with osteoporosis.
长达10年的研究使他发现血干细胞表面的一种分子是引导这些细胞到达身体任何位置的主导，Sackstein将把分子命名为HCELL.他认为，如果干细胞被标记的上HCELL，它们就能以最短路线到达正确的组织，——比如能使骨质疏松的病人的骨头再生。
tagged:标记的
Each child will be able to use their matchbox- sized beeper, fitted with GPS (global positioning system) technology, to activate any nearby cameras and alert parents and police via mobile phone.
每一个儿童都可以使用火柴盒大小内置GPS技术的呼机，来启用附近的摄像头并可通过手机通知父母和警方。
activate:启用
Most people who do exercise to lose their beer belly usually only work on belly exercises.
很多靠锻炼来甩掉啤酒肚的人通常只做腹部锻炼。
exercise:锻炼
The range is supplemented by participants offering products typical of beer. That may be not only the local beer club but also the beer - mat seller or a tankard stand.
其范围还有一些啤酒专用品商家的参与做为补充的，这些商家可能不仅仅是当地的酒吧，还有啤酒杯垫或大酒杯架的销售商。
supplemented:补充的
Not until the Renaissance was the female gender of the queen bee proved, or beeswax shown to be secreted from the undersides of bees.
直到文艺复兴时期，蜂王的雌性基因才得到证实，蜜蜂下腹分泌蜂蜡也才被发现。
proved:证实
Prices are controlled in Europe to protect the interests of sugar beet farmers.
在欧洲，糖价受到受控以保护种植糖用甜菜的农场主的利益。
controlled:受控
Carbohydrates were first named according to their natural sources; e. g., beet sugar, cane sugar, grape sugar, malt sugar, milk sugar, cornstarch, liver glycogen, and sweet corn glycogen.
碳水化合物最初是根据它们的天然来源来命名的，例如甜菜糖、甘蔗糖、葡萄糖、麦芽糖、乳糖、玉米淀粉、肝糖原、甜玉米糖原。
according:根据
Some species of scarab are threatened by habitat loss and collection by beetle hunters, but as a whole, the scarab population is stable.
部分金龟科甲虫由于栖息地的丢失和甲虫收集者的捕捉而受到受到威胁。但是总体来说，金龟科种群还是稳定的。
threatened:受到威胁
Therefore, to put forward divine truths by likening them to corporeal things does not befit this science.
所以，提出神的真相由比作他们对有形的的事不适合这科学。
corporeal:有形的
The speaker began moralizing on the right way for people to behave, and his listeners soon lost interest.
演讲者开始就人们的正确表现方式进行说教，听众很快就丧失了兴趣。
behave:表现
So when one person chooses not to help another, or chooses to behave aggressively, there must be reasons for that behaviour, many of which might appear to deny their responsibility.
所以，当一个人选择不去帮助别人，或者选择表现地有侵犯性，必然存在着一个表现的原因，很多情况下可能是他们否认了他们的责任。
behave:表现
Aside from Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day and occasional school - holiday visits, most of us rarely get to show our children how we behave at work.
除去“带孩子上班日”和偶尔的学校假期参观活动，我们中的大部分人都很少有机会向孩子展示自己在工作中的表现举止。
behave:表现
If you make assumptions about the people you expect to use your product or service — who they are, how they behave, what makes them tick —you’ll probably always be wrong.
如果你只对使用你产品或服务的人群进行假想——他们是谁，他们如何表现表现，是什么让他们做出选择——那么你很可能大错特错。
behave:表现
I am cow, eating grass, methane gas comes out my ass, and out my muzzle when I belch.
我就是奶牛，我吃草，沼气从我的屁股放出来，打嗝时又从我口鼻喷出来。
cow:奶牛
You can burn structures, belfry, ladder, by fire arrow and torch.
您可以烧伤结构，用火箭头和火炬烧伤梯子和攻城塔。
burn:烧伤
In this process, images of Muslims proliferated in a variety of literary and cultural representations. Encounters between West and East began to belie the stereotypes.
在这个过程中，穆斯林的形象通过各种文学以及文化的表述增殖。
proliferated:增殖
The worrying thing is that if this information ever got to a point where it is believable, insurance companies would start requiring it in terms of insuring people.
令人担忧的事情是，如果血检提供的信息是可信的，那么投保公司就将会以此来制定投保条款。
insuring:投保
Sometimes this spills over into threatening behaviour on the part of the believer.
有时候这种举动使我们遭受了部分怪圈信徒的威胁的。
threatening:威胁的
If you want to belittle the results to come out a particular survey, one way of doing this is that saying the people who are putting this survey is biased.
如果你想轻视结果,从这个特别的调查中，一种方式是,说做这个调查的人都有有偏见的。
biased:有偏见的
He remembers the artistic milieu when he worked with the decorative artist Christian Bérard to design costumes for Jean Cocteau ’s legendary 1946 movie “La Belle et la Bête” (Beauty and the Beast).
他回忆起当他和装饰艺术家Christian Bérard一起为JeanCocteau的传奇电影《美女与野兽》设计戏服时的那些充满艺术感的工作过环境。
worked:工作过
"It's in our lower abdomen, inside us, below our belly button, above our vagina. "I had managed to be specific and totally vague all at once. Perfect.
“在我们腹部的下方，在肚脐下，阴道上。”我尽量阐述得具体，即刻一片模糊的。我这样做得很好。
vague:模糊的
Learn to do belly - strengthening exercises with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance.
学做腹部加强在此免费视频与技巧练习从专业的腹部舞是在学习腹部舞。
belly:腹部
When modeling a process, you sometimes discover that one or more activities should belong inside of a loop or a local process.
在对流程造型时，您有时会发现一个或多个活动应该属于某个循环或局部流程内部。
modeling:造型
But this should be a big day for all people living in the meningitis belt.
不过，今天应当是所有活的在脑膜炎地带国家人民的重要日子。
living:活的
They don't look new and don't look old, they're buttoned (never belted) above the hip but below the waist.
这些牛仔裤的样子看起来既不显新，也不显旧，它们从来都是用扣好的在臀部以上、腰部以下固定而从不使用腰带。
buttoned:扣好的
It was issued in 2008, right at the time when the world abruptly shifted from an outlook of prosperity to belt - tightening austerity.
2008年，签署宣言的那一年，世界前景急转直下，从繁荣昌盛直接滑向勒紧裤带的财政收紧。
tightening:收紧
What expatiated by him are the puzzling, bemusement and distress of the generation of youths, who grown up in today's society, to the world.
他所阐释的是今日社会长大的的一代少年所面临的对于世界的迷茫、困惑与痛苦。
grown:长大的
We won't spend a lot of time benchmarking a calendar object, but you can appreciate that the calendar object satisfies several reusability requirements.
我们不会花很多的时间对日历目的进行基准检验，但是您可以认为该日历目的可以满足一些可重用性的需求。
object:目的
I'd also like to start working on performance, initially just by doing some benchmarking and profiling to see where there might be problems.
我也开始做性能方面的在职的，最初做了些基准测试和性能测试来看看问题出在哪里。
working:在职的
Use the following three options to get the information you want; otherwise, the default will not give representative benchmarking results.
通过下列的三个选项获得需要的信息；否则，默认设置将不会提供代表性基准测试结果。
following:下列的
The terminals are bended and formed over swaying block, its ingenious rotating swaying helps to realize the bending of hook, its structure is simple and special.
通过活动摆块对端子进行弯曲的成形，巧妙的旋转摆动，使得带钩状的弯曲的得以实现，结构简单、独特。
bended:弯曲的
The elastoplastic numerical simulation of thin-wall stainless steel tube was proceeded in bended forming process using LS - DYNA solver of ANSYS finite element analysis software.
应用ANSYS有限元分析软件中的LS-DYNA求解器，对薄壁不锈钢管件弯曲的成形过程进行了弹塑性数值模拟。
bended:弯曲的
For clamping of rugged workpieces with bended shapes. Suitable for reaching evenness in a first set up.
不同的弯曲的状态可以夹紧凹凸不平的工件，适合第一次达到均匀度。
bended:弯曲的
In this paper, a unified formulation to determine the terminal currents of an arbitrarily bended cable excited by a plane wave at any polarization angle is presented.
该文给出了架设在地面上的任意弯曲的电缆在任意极化平面波照射下，其终端感应电流的通用表达式。
bended:弯曲的
In order to investigate the differential bend of the bended differential transmission line, a lumped equivalent circuit is adopted.
为了探讨弯曲的差动传输线的差动弯角特性，我们采用一个集总等效电路来表示差动弯角。
bended:弯曲的
Bendy wings could be the next big thing for small aircraft, according to scientists from Oxford University.
根据牛津大学的科学家们的说法，弯曲的机翼可能小型飞机的下一件大事…
according:根据
Although Saint Bernards are no longer used for rescue work, they do still hold the world record for heaviest dog — a certain show dog, Benedictine, weighed in at 343 pounds!
虽然现在圣伯纳德犬已经不再用作救援犬了，它们仍旧保持着世界最称重犬类的记录——其中作为表演狗的圣本铎犬，称重达343磅。
weighed:称重
But I should mention that all of the other reasons to cross- train discussed in this chapter have a beneficial, if indirect, impact on performance.
但是我应当强调一下在本文中提及的叉-训练的所有其他原因也对跑步有着有益的方面，虽然是间接的。
cross-:叉-
The main beneficiary of her unpopularity, however, was not the centre-right opposition Partido Panameñista, which has alternated in power with the PRD since the invasion.
自那次侵略之后，巴拿马党与民革党交替的执政，然而，她不受欢迎的主要受益者并非中间偏右反对派巴拿马党。
alternated:交替的
The migrating substance being a fixed quantity, with fixed qualities, chooses its form according to its taste, desire and bent of character.
灵魂，是具有固定的质量和数量可迁移的物质，它的形式可根据人的品味、欲望和个性爱好来决定。
fixed:固定的
The sphere, for instance, represents how space is bent around a star or other mass - light passing through this warped space bends in an effect called gravitational lensing.
作为例子，这个球面代表了恒星或其他质量附近的空间是怎样弯曲的-光通过这个扭曲的空间所引起的弯曲称为引力透镜效应。
warped:扭曲的
Despite rumours that Jackson planned to bequeath his share of Sony / ATV publishing to McCartney, it was revealed last week that there was no such instruction in the will.
尽管谣传杰克逊计划把他的Sony/ATV版权份额遗赠给麦卡尼，但上周披露的遗赠中并无这样的说法。
bequeath:遗赠
A: China condemns the explosion, conveys sincere solicitude to the bereaved families and the wounded and expresses condolences to those victims.
答：中方谴责这一爆炸事件，向遇难者家属和受伤的人员表示诚挚慰问，对不幸遇难者表示哀悼。
wounded:受伤的
I grew up bereft of hugs. Neither of my parents was the cuddly type. Greetings involving kissing caused me to wince, and hugging generally just made me feel awkward.
我的成长中缺乏拥抱。我的父母都不是那些喜欢搂抱的人。打招呼时要是有接吻的话会让我畏缩,而拥抱一般只会让我感到尴尬。
kissing:接吻
Dr Lee Berk, from Loma Linda University, California, who led the study, said that emotions and behaviour had a physical impact on the body.
引领该项研究的是来自加利福尼亚洛玛连达大学的李.伯克博士，他说，情绪和行为能对身体产生影响。
led:引领
In terms of theft and forgery of a currency, similar problems have beset real - world coins and notes since they were invented.
就偷窃和伪造货币而言，自现实世界的硬币和纸币发明的以来就一直备受类似问题的困扰。
invented:发明的
Hitting candle every months also is best maintain method, but before waxing, should mix lunt besmirch wipe up.
每月打一次打蜡也是最好的保养方法，但是打打蜡前要将水汽和污渍擦干净。
waxing:打蜡
Hitting candle every months also is very be necessary, but before waxing, should mix hydrosphere besmirch wipe up.
每月打一次打蜡也是很有必要的，但是打打蜡前要将水气和污渍擦干净。
waxing:打蜡
If besmirch still is in, can use besmirch of eject of agent of appropriative carpet sparge, let it become farinaceous, can suck besmirch according to common aspiration next.
假如污渍仍在，可用专用的地毯喷雾剂喷射污渍，让它变成粉状，然后可根据普通吸尘将污渍吸去。
according:根据
When meeting the more difficult to clean surface or besmirch is too thick, can add water, increase the concentration, less to clean effect.
当遇到较难干净的的表面或污渍太厚时，可以少加水，增加浓度，达到干净的效果。
clean:干净的
There ’s an interesting contrast between the image of a bespectacled stamp collector and a revolutionary in the streets, flaming torch in hand, demanding the overthrow of the tax hungry government.
一个戴眼镜的集邮者，一个在大街上手举燃烧的火把、苛刻的推翻横征暴敛之政府的革命者，二之间的形象存在着饶有趣味的反差。
demanding:苛刻的
Dr Fidel Castro, aged 32, is a bespectacled, strapping six- footer who has been described as an "educated, dedicated fanatic, a man of ideals, of courage, and of remarkable qualities of leadership ".
菲德尔·卡斯特罗博士32岁，戴副眼镜，身高六尺，身材魁梧。他被描述成“有教养又有投入的精神的狂热分子，富于理想和勇气，领导才华卓著”。
dedicated:投入的
Strictly forbids posting of under- age sex, nudity and bestiality related topics.
严禁发表涉及未成年性爱、裸露以及兽交有关的内容。
related:有关的
“I just tell them I ’m the best man on Earth, ” he siad .“You
“我只是告诉她们我是地球上最好的男人，’他说。
’:’
The best practice with these extension elements is for them to precede any child elements from the WSDL 1.1 namespace, and that's the way they're handled in the output binding.
这些扩展元素的最佳实践方法是它们用来引用WSDL1.1名称空间中任意子元素的，并且这也是在输出绑定中对它们进行处理过的的方法。
handled:处理过的
Sure, Apple had a strong store, best - selling media players and plenty of other opportunities for growth. But it was also bumping up against the limitations of Steve Jobs.
当然，苹果有一个强大的商店，最好的媒体播放卖和众多其他的增长计划，但是提高了对乔布斯的限制。
selling:卖
She has big plans — writing bestselling novels while filling in for Ben Bernanke — and unsentimental ways.
她有她不切实际的大计划---在取代本伯南克的同时写最畅销小说。
bestselling:最畅销
The scene was carved from a book, a mystery novel by Ian Rankin, one of Britain's bestselling crime writers.
整个场景由侦探小说《身后事》雕刻而来。书的作者是英国最畅销犯罪小说家伊恩·兰金。
bestselling:最畅销
It's disconcerting to read that many of the bestselling novels in Japan in recent years have been cell- phone books.
近年来，日本的最畅销小说许多都是手机电子书，这听起来让人感到稍有不安。
bestselling:最畅销
At the time of the launch America ’s bestselling paper sold just 4,500 copies a day; the Sun, with its steam press, soon reached 15,000.
那时发行的美国最最畅销的报纸只卖了4,500份，而运用蒸汽印刷的《纽约太阳报》很快就卖到了15,000份。
bestselling:最畅销
Almost all bestselling books are surprise bestsellers, because it's the surprise part that makes them bestsellers in the first place.
几乎所有的最畅销书荣登最畅销榜时都出人意料，这正是因为书中令人惊奇的那部分让此书一举成名。
bestselling:最畅销
Tony Blair has received a double insult from the Literary Review, with the nomination of his bestselling autobiography, A Journey, for its bad sex award.
《文学批评》杂志提名布莱尔的最畅销回忆录《旅程》角逐“拙劣性爱奖”无异于对他的双重侮辱。
bestselling:最畅销
Publisher ’s Weekly also compiles lists every year of the bestselling hardcover fiction, hardcover nonfiction, trade paperback, and mass market paperback books of the past year.
《出版人周刊》同样每年也列出了一些其他的榜单，包括去年的最畅销精装小说、最畅销精装非小说读物、最畅销平装书以及大众平装书。
bestselling:最畅销
The subjects were well - treated at baseline, said Carson, and spironolactone and beta -blocker use increased markedly during the study period.
Carson说，这些受试者有良好的基础处理过的，使用安体舒通和β受体阻滞剂在研究期间明显增加。
treated:处理过的
But here he was pledged to defend, on the part of his betrothed's cousin, conduct that, on his own wife's part, would justify him in calling down on her all the thunders of Church and State.
不过，他在这里发誓为之辩护的未婚妻的表姐的那些执行，若是出现在自己妻子身上，他即使请求教会和国家给她最严厉的惩罚也会是正当的。
conduct:执行
Tentative as it was, the race meeting in November was a significant move towards opening the country’s vast betting market.
这场十一月举行的赛马会虽是实验性的，但却是中国庞大的博彩市场走向开口的重要一步。
opening:开口
I'd been widowed for 26 years, but my life was too full bringing up my two children and working in a betting shop to bother with men.
我已经守寡26年了，这些年来，对两个孩子的抚养以及在彩票俱乐部里的在职的已经塞满了我全部的生活。于是乎，我在异性方面也就没有了什么心思。
working:在职的
Though results have been mixed about coffee's effects on human health, the research contributes to a growing body of evidence showing the beverage may not be that bad after all.
尽管此结果表明了是咖啡中的混合的成分对人体有健康作用，但这项研究仍说明，有证据证明有些饮料对人体并没有想象的那么坏。
mixed:混合的
Coca- Cola is the largest soft drinks brand in China, with almost 15 per cent of the packaged beverage market, although it trails local competitors in tea and juices.
可口可乐是中国最大的软饮料品牌，在打包饮料市场占据近15%的份额，尽管该集团在茶和果汁领域落后于本土竞争对手。
packaged:打包
Each time the state of Alaska raised its alcoholic beverage tax, fewer deaths were caused by or related to alcohol, according to the study that examined 28 years of data.
通过分析28年来的数据，研究表明：每次阿拉斯加州提高含酒精的饮料税，由酒精所引起或与之有关的的死亡人数就会减少。
related:有关的
IBM is working with scientists at King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia to put the discovery to work in the recycling of plastics used in food and beverage containers.
在沙特阿拉伯的阿卜杜拉国王科技城，IBM公司正和科学家们一起，将这一发现运用于对食品和饮料容器的可循环塑料的研究在职的上。
working:在职的
A bevy of industry network benefits are available to you at the marketing and selling stage to help you target your customer segments.
你可以访问一组行业网络有利资源，它们将在市场和卖阶段帮助你定位你的客户群体。
selling:卖
Anyone not inclined to lament, mourn and bewail this fact is not in possession of a soul.
任何人都不感到哀悼，难过和哭泣，这个事实就是人类不在有灵魂。
mourn:哀悼
Beware of falling into the routine of coming home, turning on the TV or computer and zoning out from each other.
要谨防陷入到这样的常规里，每天回到家，打开电视或者电脑，然后各自做各自的事情。
Beware:谨防
It ’s not that we were living beyond our means but we were certainly living up to them.
这并不意味着说我们的活的远远超出了我们的活的方式，但是我们肯定达到了标准。
living:活的
This study is fascinating not only because it shows a bias in how we think about others' behaviours but also because it demonstrates the importance of psychology studies themselves.
这项学习很吸引人，不仅因为它揭示了我们在考虑别人行为时的一种偏见，而且它证明了心理学学习的重要性。
studies:学习
After all, many of the inequities that philanthropy seeks to eliminate are rooted in cultural bias —and many of the opportunities for change are rooted in cultural awareness.
毕竟,慈善事业事业所旨在消除的诸多的不平等,是深植在文化的偏见中的,同时,在文化意识中也隐藏着许多机会---改变的机会.
philanthropy:慈善事业
So when my wife remembers my smirk as cynicism, she is right: her explanation of the expression at the time biased her perception of it.
因此当我老婆从我的傻笑中看作是玩世不恭时，她是对的。她对这个表情的诠释令她对此的认知产生了有偏见的。
biased:有偏见的
Consistent with this is the finding that people tend to be biased when comparing any single individual, not just themselves, against a group of others.
与此一致的一个发现是当人们与任何一个人比较，不是他们自己，而是另一个团队的人时，人们往往会有有偏见的。
biased:有偏见的
Aside from the news (which is always biased one way or another) and documentaries - which also often have a bias, the television seems to have contributed nothing to society.
除了新闻（总是偏向一边或者另一边）和纪录片 –也总是存在有偏见的，电视看起来对社会毫无贡献。
biased:有偏见的
But some critics say that the study was poorly done and biased.
但是，一些批评人士认为，这项研究做得不好，且有有偏见的的。
biased:有偏见的
Sorry if I’m biased, but to me, Western people are very good at separating science and art, creating explicit concept structures and applying them to the real world so to attack repetitious problems.
如果觉得我有有偏见的，先道个歉，可对我来说，西方人很善于把科学和艺术分开，创建外在的概念结构，并把它们应用在真实世界中，去解决重复出现的问题。
biased:有偏见的
So natural selection designs parents to have biased sex ratio at birth depending upon their economic circumstances — more boys if they are wealthy, more girls if they are poor.
物竞天择的规律使得父母在生小孩的时候能够根据他们的经济情况，做出具有有偏见的的性别比--富人们生更多的男孩，穷人们生女孩。
biased:有偏见的
When you are attracted to another, you can do two things to protect yourself if you understand that your perception is biased.
当你对某个人有好感时，如果你知道是自己存有有偏见的的话，那么就可以藉着做两件事情来保护你自己。
biased:有偏见的
Many biblical scholars say that, for this reason, you can't trust the Gospels at all.
许多圣经的学者说，正是因为这样的原因，福音书根本不值得相信。
trust:相信
They can view a list of errands that match their interest profile, and, by entering a price, can bid to perform the errand.
他们可以查看与他们的兴趣简档匹配的差事列表，并且，通过输入价格，可以为执行差事出价。
bid:出价
The oil ministry is considering its next step, including whether to include the remaining fields in a second bidding round later in the year.
伊拉克石油部正在考虑下一步该怎么做，包括是否要将其余的的油田包括在今年晚些时候进行的第二轮竞标中。
remaining:其余的
To bide the time until that day comes, we've collected some of the cutest superdogs we could find.
在那一天到来之前的漫长骑时间里，我们已经收集了一些我们所能够找到的非常可爱的超级狗。
bide:骑
Post a visible reminder that this job is only temporary. When I once worked in a job I hated, I helped bide my time by hanging a reminder on my bulletin board that said, “This is only temporary.
醒目地标示这只是一个临时工作过当我做令自己讨厌的工作过时，我等待时机的方式就是在电子告示牌上挂上提示：“这只是临时的。
worked:工作过
The vintage style master bath features a "tub with a view" and two sinks with italian marble countertops and limestone tile with bidet. Authentic vintage wall panels and cabinets.
古典风格主浴室的特征是“景观浴缸”和意大利大理石台面的双槽洗手枱，以及白灰石陶瓷砖的坐澡盆。正宗复古式墙板和橱柜。
features:特征
Bid price - how much the PA will charge to do the service
出价价格 ―PA将对服务收费多少
Bid:出价
Nufarm's shares rose 1.6 percent to A$10.68 on Thursday, but were still trading below the bid price, reflecting doubts the deal would go ahead or that another bidder might be in the wings.
Nufarm股价周四上涨,一度达到10.87澳元,但仍远远低于收购报价,表明市场对于这宗贸易的疑虑将继续存在,或有可能出现其他收购价格.
trading:贸易
Legg Mason's Miller noted that Yahoo shares had been trading at a four -year low prior to Microsoft's offer and the stock was trading above Microsoft's bid price for all of 2004.
米勒注意到，在微软出价之前，雅虎的股票正处于4年以来的最低价，然而在2004年全年，雅虎股票的贸易价格都在微软所出价格之上。
trading:贸易
Legg Mason's Miller noted Yahoo shares had been trading at a four -year low prior to Microsoft's offer and the stock was trading above Microsoft's bid price for all of 2004.
米勒注意到，在微软出价之前，雅虎的股票正处于4年以来的最低价，然而在2004年全年，雅虎股票的贸易价格都在微软所出价格之上。
trading:贸易
PS - I am unsure of the bid price, so please disregard the $250 - $750 and bid what you believe to be a fair price.
聚苯乙烯-我的出价价格不能确定，所以请无视250元-750元，出价是你认为是一个公平的价格。
bid:出价
In a study presented at the Society for Menstrual Research's 11th Biennial Conference, guys who filled out a questionnaire complained of monthly mood swings similar to those of women surveyed.
在月经研究协会的第11届（两年一界）的会议上，有一份提交的研究报告里指出，不少男性在被调查问卷里抱怨每月的情绪波动和女性的状况的相似。
surveyed:被调查
Using concepts of invariable set and isolated cube, we obtained existence for bifurcate points of bounded solutions of second order ordinary differential systems including a parameter.
用孤立不变集和孤立块的概念，给出了含一个参数的二阶常微分方程组的非驻定有界的解分支点的存在性准则。
bounded:有界的
Fact marry not be protected by law. Law marry is bigamous precondition.
事实婚不受法律受保护，法律婚是重婚的前提。
protected:受保护
But living in the Big Apple can take its toll on a person.
但在“大苹果”（纽约）的活的虽好，还是要付出代价的。
living:活的
Bloggers have had fun pointing out that "1984" is largely about censorship -- the suppression of information in a society led by Big Brother.
一些博客取笑地指出，《1984年》主要内容就是讲述“老大哥”引领的社会下压制信息的审查制度。
led:引领
But this alone would not be enough to make Berlin the center of cultural life. So many artists flock to Berlin because living there is cheaper than living in any other big city in Europe.
民族融合并不是推动柏林成为欧洲文化活的中心的唯一助力，艺术家们涌向柏林的另一个原因是这里的活的成本比其他欧洲大城市要更加低廉。
living:活的
Most times, this minor delay between thinking and doing is no big deal.
大部分时候，这个在思维和行动间的延迟不是什么大问题。
thinking:思维
So there is big game company in Seattle that has studied this.
西雅图有个研究过博弈的公司做过一些有关研究过。
studied:研究过
Objective :To study the clinical application and effect about metal - on - metal big head cementless total hip replacement.
目的：学习金属对金属大头全髋关节置换术的临床应用及疗效。
study:学习
Can anyone seriously deny that our political system is being warped by the influence of big money, and that the warping is getting worse as the wealth of a few grows ever larger?
谁能真正否认我们的政治体制正在受到大量金钱影响的扭曲的，而且随着少数人财富的增长，这种扭曲的变得越来越严重？
warped:扭曲的
All the better to sing with, she thought: great resonating cavities in her head and chest, a rock- solid diaphragm and (as she confessed with gales of laughter) a big mouth.
她认为有这些唱歌会更好：她头和胸部有着大面积共振空腔，绝对可靠的隔膜和（她一阵狂笑着供认）一张大嘴。
confessed:供认
In Italy we don't have automatic though, so when I switched on the car, it made a big noise and went backwards!
在意大利，我们没有自动排档汽车，所以当我打开切换的时候，发生了很大的噪音并且向后退。
switched:切换
Like many others who have the arrogance to see themselves as chosen vessels for the generation of the world, he was narrow-minded and bigoted in the extreme.
像许多其它顽固的地自以为是更新世界的不凡人物一样，他极端褊狭、顽固。
bigoted:顽固的
This compact ATV is built tough and features big - time performance.
这个紧凑的亚视是建立在强硬和特征大的时间表现。
features:特征
Above all, can use big toe to press go up in carpet, after be being pressed rapid restorable, state the density that knit cloth with soft nap and flexibility are better;
首先，可利用拇指按下在地毯上，按下完后迅速恢复原状的，表示织绒密度和弹性都较好；
pressed:按下
It's not only necessary to improve the bikeway environment but also the infrastructure of the bikeway system to provide safety to cyclists and to provide the utilization rate of bicycles.
目前台湾地区自行车道系统仍有许多需要提升，如自行车道系统之周边环境及基础设施，方能保障自行车骑士之安全及提升自行车之使用率。
improve:提升
Bilberry may be of benefit for those working intensely with their eyes, eg airline pilots, students, computer terminal operators and night drivers; or when doing fine detailed work.
对长期高强度用眼的在职的者尤其有好处，比如说，空乘人员，学生，电脑操作者，夜间驾驶者，或者是极度需要用眼的在职的。
working:在职的
The annual variation of mineral nutrient element content in the leaves of Bog bilberry were studied.
作者采用叶分析技术对中国东北地区笃斯越桔矿质营养元素年周期变化规律进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
The non- tube drainage will leave a long-term open wound on the bear ’s abdomen, which is easily infected. The ongoing outflow of bile will cause the bear body to fester.
无管引流在黑熊的腹壁留下一个长期的开放性创口，极易造成已感染，不断流出的胆汁还会使黑熊的皮肤溃疡。
infected:已感染
I tell teams working on print ads to start by creating a billboard.
我告诉平面广告的在职的团队，从制作一个广告牌开始。
working:在职的
The process of local heating and local cooling on cylinder billet is analyzed by the ANSYS software.
运用ANSYS软件对圆柱体坯料局部加热和局部冷却过程进行了热分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Fatigue wreck and reinforce disposal are analyzed on the crane girder system of billet warehouse, some advices of design and use are given to welded steel crane girder.
本文通过对某钢坯库吊车梁系统疲劳开裂和加固处理工程实例的分析了，对焊接钢吊车粱系统的设计、使用提出了建议。
analyzed:分析了
The idea is particularly pertinent to explaining how massive galaxies developed in the first billion years of the universe.
这个观点特别解释了关于巨大的星系们在宇宙形成最初的十亿年里的发达。
developed:发达
Have the hall only or be the client between one part parcel just can order dishes according to oneself be fond of, but also need to shift to an earlier date a few days to send bill of fare.
只有大厅或是一部分包间的顾客才可以根据自己的喜好点菜，但也需要提前几天将菜单送过来。
according:根据
Fiery clouds billow during an August 31 test of Development Motor - 2, the largest and most powerful solid rocket motor ever designed for flight, according to the NASA website.
8月31日，在进取引擎-2，这个世界上体积最大的推力最大的固体火箭发动机的测试中，炽热的火焰巨浪翻腾。根据NASA网站报道，该引擎曾经的设计的目的是飞行。
designed:设计的
The Chimney Sweeper tried to calm her down by telling her that the angry old Chinese guy and Goat Leg Billy were following them, but it did not work.
扫烟囱试图告诉她让她平静下来，该愤怒的老中医比利山羊腿的家伙，下列的是他们，但没有奏效。
following:下列的
To correct this situation, the top legislature started to study these draft amendments to the Criminal Procedure Law on Wednesday at its bimonthly session.
为了纠正这种情况，最高立法机关周三在其两个月举行一次的会议上对刑事诉讼法修正案(草案)进行学习。
study:学习
Two years ago, Beatie halted his bimonthly hormone injections and resumed menstruating in a bid to have a child.
为了要孩子，比提两年前停止了两个月一次的荷尔蒙注射，结果又来来月经了。
menstruating:来月经
In the shop, he sifted through a big bin of brightly packaged condoms.
在商店里，他仔细审视这一大盒打包艳丽的避孕套。
packaged:打包
It is therefore worth noting that while the choice of authentication method is not particularly important in improving performance with binary files, it may be important in other areas.
因而值得注意到的是，虽然认证方法的选择对于提高二进制文件输入性能并不是特别重要，但是在其它领域可能比较重要。
noting:注意到
They contain information in binary, string, or XML format (encoded), but it is up to the consumer and provider of the service to agree on this format and handle it accordingly.
它们可以包含二进制、字符串或XML格式（经过编码的的）的信息，但需由服务的使用者和提供者就使用的格式达成一致，并相应地进行处理。
encoded:编码的
How to generate the binary code of compensation condenser and how to chose initial value are researched.
并对补偿电容器组分组投切的二进制编码和初值的选取进行了研究过。
researched:研究过
This template is used to filter the view to one binder and to provide the XML that wraps around the values the view creates.
此模板用于过滤活页夹的视图，并提供包裹视图创建的值的XML。
wraps:包裹
In this way, you can be flexible in understanding the binding requirements.
以这样的方式，在理解捆绑需求的时候你可以很灵活。
binding:捆绑
Adding controls one at a time and then binding to them afterwards takes longer, but it does allow you greater control over your page.
一次添加一个控件，然后再将它们进行捆绑要花费更长的时间，但是您可以获得对页面更大的控制权。
binding:捆绑
When binding programs, you can reference objects in any of these.
在捆绑程序时，可以引用这些地方的对象。
binding:捆绑
You have to add an operation before you can add its binding definition.
在添加它的捆绑定义之前，您需要添加一个操作。
binding:捆绑
Once we have coded the custom binding for both export and import, we can start to focus on the mediation flow component itself.
在为导出和导入编写了自定义捆绑代码之后，我们可以开始将注意力集中到中介流组件本身。
binding:捆绑
With data binding you maintain control over the XML representation of data.
使用数据捆绑，你可保持对数据的XML表示的控制。
binding:捆绑
Rather than binding from invocation to type to implementation, they bind a message name to an object.
它们将消息名捆绑到一个对象上，而不是从调用捆绑到类型再到实现。
binding:捆绑
This is a process for binding an end user to an action or transaction.
这是把一个终端用户和某项动作或者事务捆绑在一起的过程。
binding:捆绑
After making that decision, you specify which WSDL binding to use and where the output files should go.
在进行了选择之后，您需要指定使用哪一个WSDL捆绑，以及将输出文件发送到何处。
binding:捆绑
Overall, this binding was the best behaved one I looked at -- but that just reflects the version I tested on.
总之，这种绑定是我看到的运行最好的一种 ―但那也只是反映在我做测试过的版本上。
tested:测试过
So if you wish not to use external mapping file then annotations can be used for your data binding needs.
因此，如果您不想使用外部映射文件，那么可以使用注释来满足您的数据捆绑需求。
binding:捆绑
By continuing to allow this would only make it more likely for people to death teleport over a large amount of the world, and would punish people that forgot to bind nearby.
如果继续这样的做法，只会更有可能让死后的人们被传送的时候跨越大片的区域，并且会让那些忘记在附近标记的人们受到惩治。
punish:惩治
Binge drinking was defined, for men, as six or more drinks on one occasion at least once a week and, for women, six or more drinks on one occasion at least once a month.
狂饮定义的为，男性一周至少一次在某场合喝酒超过六杯，女性一月至少一次在某场合喝酒超过六杯。
defined:定义的
Binge drinking among American college students is on the rise, along with its consequences of drunk driving and drinking - related deaths, U. S. health officials report.
美国卫生部门报告，狂饮在美国大学生中呈现上升趋势，同时，酒后驾驶及与饮酒有关的的死亡数量也在上升。
related:有关的
These are dudes with binoculars who need to be killed to stop the Americans calling in air support on you.
这些哥们带着望远镜，你要想阻止美国呼唤控制空中支援就得先干掉这些人。
calling:呼唤
Alternative forms of fuel: Refuel your car with an alternative form of fuel such as biodiesel instead of diesel.
加油种类替换 ：用诸如生物柴油之类的替换型加油来代替柴油发动你的汽车。
Refuel:加油
Rising energy prices, which leads to the diversion of crops from food or feed to ethanol and biodiesel.
——能源价格上涨，原来作为粮食或喂养作物的谷物转而用来制造乙醇或生物柴油；
feed:喂养
But, though the importance of biodiversity loss has reached some parts of many governments around the world, it has failed to be absorbed by those with the power to act, the report finds.
这份报告发现，但是尽管全世界许多政府的一些部门了解了生物多样性损失的重要意义，那些有权力采取行为的人们没能理解它。
act:行为
Go for a daily walk. Natural light helps to regulate your biological clock, so exercise outdoors if you can.
每天散步,自然光有助于调节你的生物钟,所以如果可能的话,到户外去锻炼.
exercise:锻炼
This multitasking hormone keeps your biological clock ticking over, making sure that you are alert during the day and sleepy at night.
而这种多任务处理荷尔蒙可以让你的生物钟持续运转，保持你在白天的时候清醒，晚上的时候睡觉。
multitasking:多任务处理
More recently, a relatively new procedure can preserve fertility by removing and freezing the "biological clock" itself: The ovary.
不过最近，一项相对较新的医疗手段，已经可以通过摘除和冷冻卵巢这一“人体生物钟”来保存生育能力。
freezing:冷冻
Next time, if God forbid there is one, she ’ll press for a needle biopsy —and she ’ll ask more questions if her doctor recommends otherwise.
下一次，愿天保佑不会再有下一次，她说会要求做针刺活检——如果医生有其他的推荐，她也会问多几个问题。
recommends:推荐
Science writers would be well served by talking to people trained in the field of agri - biotechnology, who actually know what the real issues are.
通过与受过农业生物技术领域训练有素的人们交谈——他们真正知道真实的问题是什么，科学记者们可以得到很大帮助。
trained:训练有素
One Character modeled with RIg, bones or a biped, no matter the number of polys. The character should be very similar to the attached picture, not a copy.
一个特征仿照与钻机，骨头或两足动物，无论是数量的多边形。字符应该是非常相似的附加图片，而不是拷贝。
modeled:仿照
The stability of humanoid biped robot is analyzed and researched in this paper, the dynamic model is built and the method of fuzzy optimization is used to analyze the parameters of the robot.
文章主要是对仿人型两足机器人（简称仿人机器人）的运动稳定性进行分析、研究过，建立了一套动力学模型，并运用模糊优化的方法分析其运动参数。
researched:研究过
Since the present passive walking robots can only achieve a single gait and tend to tumble easily, the stable walking control problem for a semi- passive biped robot is studied.
目前的被动行走机器人还只能完成单一的步态，且非常容易摔倒，为此对半被动双足机器人的稳定行走控制问题进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
The present work investigates the possibility of using the biplane configurations to improve the aerodynamic characteristics of fixed - wing MAV through low speed wind tunnel experiments.
通过低速风洞试验研究了使用双翼布局改善固定的翼微型飞行器（MAV）气动性能的问题。
fixed:固定的
Even when a more homogeneous birdcage coil is used, the B1 field variation is non negligible (e. g., 10% or more), especially when the imaged object occupies a large portion of the coil volume.
就算用过的均匀的鸟笼型线圈，B1场的在不同部位的差异值也是不容忽视的（10%或更多），特别是成像物体占据线圈体积的大部分的时候。
used:用过的
One in eight of the nearly 10, 000 known bird species are threatened, according to BirdLife data included in the 2008 IUCN Red List.
在2008IUCN红色名录中收录的国际鸟盟的数据显示，在近10，000种已知鸟类中有八分之一的种类受到受到威胁。
threatened:受到威胁
EarthSky spoke to study author Dr. Stuart Butchart of the United Nations Environment Program, and BirdLife International.
EarthSky采访了该项学习的作者斯图尔特布•布莱德博士，他说联合国环境规划署和国际鸟盟的成员。
study:学习
The huge seabirds are long -lived and reproduce slowly, making them especially vulnerable, BirdLife's Bennun said.
国际鸟盟的Bennun说，这些大鸟寿命长且复制缓慢，因此显得特别脆弱。
reproduce:复制
By entering the Rare Birds Yearbook photo competition, entrants grant Rare Birds Yearbook and BirdLife International the right to publish, printed or electronically, submitted photographs.
进入年鉴比赛的照片必须同意照片被用于年鉴的出版、打印或制作成电子文本。
printed:打印
Not only does the male Bird of Paradise have fantastic colorful plumage, he dances, poses and completely changes his shape to woo the less exotic- looking females.
雄性天堂鸟不但拥有奇妙多彩的羽毛，它们还会通过跳舞，摆造型甚至完全改变自己的外形来博取雌性（雌性天堂鸟往往不那么漂亮）的欢心。
dances:跳舞
There is no governing authority to impose the Code to birdwatcher, But Birdwatcher themselves can help by abiding by it and encourage other to do so.
并没有任何执政的的单位可以将这项准则强加于赏鸟者的身上，但是赏鸟者本身可以遵守并且藉此激励其他人也同样如此。
governing:执政的
When Obama's birth certificate in Hawaii was digitally scanned for all to see, it was denounced as a forgery.
当奥巴马在夏威夷出生证明书的数字已扫描被所有人亲眼目睹，它被指责为是伪造的。
scanned:已扫描
Obtaining a passport with a dead child ’s birth certificate is increasingly risky as population registers are computerised.
由于出生记录的计算机化，使用一个死童的出生证明护照将越来越冒险。
computerised:计算机化
As Figure 11 shows, the birthdate attribute now has an additional annotation associated with it because of your previous steps.
如图11所示，出生日期属性现在拥有了一个与其联系的注释。
associated:联系
The transmission route is likely through contamination of pasture or feed by infected birthing fluids or fetal tissues from bats.
病毒可能通过受感染蝙蝠产仔时流出的液体或胚胎组织污染牧草或喂养进行传播。
feed:喂养
You might also consider a birthing chair, if one is available, which is specifically designed to support a woman in a sitting or squatting position during delivery and, theoretically, speed labor.
如果条件许可的话，你也许会想到使用分娩椅——一种特殊设计的以帮助产妇在分娩是采用蹲或坐姿，理论上能加速产程。
designed:设计的
In ancient India, sanskrit writings describe a similar method of kissing, and anthropologists have suggested that India is actually the birthplace of kissing as we know it today.
在古印度，一些梵文作品中描述了类似的接吻方式，人类学家表示，印度实际上是如我们所知的接吻的发源地。
kissing:接吻
This is all the more worrying because the low birth rate means the country is ageing more rapidly than any other rich country.
这种状况让人愈加担忧，因为人口的低出生率意味着韩国比其他富裕国家要更快的步入老化。
ageing:老化
Condoms became so widely available that the birth rate halved in the decade from 1947 - 57.
避孕套的广泛使用，导致了从1947-57年之间十年的出生率下降了减半。
halved:减半
The economic benefit arises after a country's birth - rate falls -- creating a few decades when there are a higher proportion of working - age citizens and less need to spend on children and education.
人口红利指由一个国家的出生率下降而产生的经济利益，即当有更高比例的处于在职的年龄的人口，且儿童和教育投入所需较少时的几十年。
working:在职的
If we even look further down the “bisexual ” ladder we find women who are not “bi-comfortable”, but are not afraid of a little flirting, petting, and kissing.
假如我们把双性恋再降低一个标准，我们发现那些不会发生性交的女性，不会忌讳相互的调情，抚摸和接吻。
kissing:接吻
Upon a presiding bishopric of three devolves the duty of receiving and disbursing the revenues of the Church, and otherwise managing its business, under the general direction of the first presidency.
经主教主持的三个责任落在接收和支付收入的教会，否则其业务管理下，总的方向的第一任主持。
presiding:主持
Populations of the European bison and black - footed ferret are both recovering.
现在，欧洲野牛和黑足鼬的数量都重新得到了正在恢复。
recovering:正在恢复
Bison graze on a prairie in Manitoba ’s Riding Mountain National Park.
在马尼托巴省骑山国家公园的大草原上的轻擦的野牛。
graze:轻擦
There were few empty seats in the bistro, and as he walked back towards her, the woman, still gazing right into his eyes, nodded towards the seat beside her, inviting him to sit.
即使酒吧中仍有其它空位，他仍然转身，走向她。而那女子，仍旧直直地凝视他的眼，看见他走过来，就朝着自己身旁的空位点点点头，无言地邀请他坐下。
nodded:点点头
Workers at Two Little Red Hens dole out baked goods to Upper East Siders. Indecisive types can create a sampler of bite -size cupcakes.
“两只红色小鸡”蛋糕店的员工将烤好的烤的交给顾客。另外该店还提供小块的蛋糕供不知如何选择的顾客试吃。
baked:烤的
"More than 70% of recorded great white attacks on humans result in just the shark biting and then leaving," she said.
“大白鲨袭击人类的记录的中，有超过70%的结果是大白鲨咬了人，然后就离开，”她说。
recorded:记录的
In addition, the alligators far outperformed their inebriated human counterparts in the following areas: lunging, biting, crushing, dismembering, and swallowing.
此外，研究还发现鳄鱼在下列的几个技能方面远远胜过酒醉的对手：猛扑，齿咬，压碾，肢解和吞咽。
following:下列的
Figure 15 shows a graphical representation of a primary bitmap for an example authorization request message.
数字15显示了示例授权请求消息的主位数字的数字形表示。
Figure:数字
The virus moves from a leg bitten by a rabid dog up the long axons leading to the spinal cord, then jumps to dendrites of other nerves and travels up to the brain, where it causes horrific damage.
在被携带狂犬病毒的狗被咬后，病毒会从腿部沿着通向脊髓的长轴突向上游走，然后转向其他神经的树突并向前行进入大脑，它会对大脑造成严重的伤害。
bitten:被咬
Fewer than 70 people are recorded as being bitten annually worldwide, although the number does not include incidents in countries where statistics are not kept.
全世界每年有记录的被鲨鱼咬伤的不足70人，尽管这个数字不包括那些没有统计数据国家所发生的事件。
recorded:记录的
It was thus inevitable that bulls would fight bitterly for access to females, and also inevitable that natural selection would spawn an arms race in the antlers that promoted success in those battles.
因此，不可避免的是，公麋鹿会为了争夺母鹿而进行残酷的搏斗，自然选择势必导致公麋鹿的“军备竞赛”——通过的角的进化以获得斗争的胜利。
fight:斗争
When Grethel heard this she began to cry bitterly; but it was all useless, she was obliged to do as the wicked witch told her.
当格雷特听到这些她开始悲伤的哭；但是这些都没有用，她被迫去做邪恶的巫婆让她做的事情。
cry:哭
Almost immediately he began to complain about the weather, for even though it was still summer, it rained continually and it was often bitterly cold.
但紧接着他就开始抱怨那里的天气了。因为即使那时仍为夏季，但下雨了总是下个不停，而且常常冷得厉害。
rained:下雨了
When using fixed installations for melting bitumen at construction sites in cities and towns, these fixtures should be of the sealed type.
城镇建筑施工熔化沥青使用固定的熔化装置时，应当采用密闭方式。
fixed:固定的
Home Steep Home: Far from solid ground the climbers pitched a hanging camp for a final bivouac, bolting tents and gear to the wall.
悬崖峭壁上扎营：远离坚硬的地面，登山者们为最后一次的露营搭起了悬挂的帐篷，他们用栓接把帐篷和设备固定在山壁上。
bolting:栓接
The effect of light, heat, PH, some metal ions and common food additions on stability of blackcurrant pigment is studied and discussed.
研究过并讨论了光线、热、pH值及部分金属离子、常见食品添加剂等对黑加仑红色素的稳定性的影响。
studied:研究过
Carefully unroll the cake and spread it with a thin layer of blackcurrant jam and tightly re - roll the cake and chill for at least 1 hour or up to 2 hours before slicing.
小心将蛋糕卷打开，然后抹上一层薄薄的黑醋栗酱，然后关于重新卷起放到冰箱1-2小时。
re:关于
The black economy can be guessed at by the gap between the volume of goods exported to Azerbaijan and the volume of the same goods recorded as imports.
非法经营能被阿塞拜疆出口额以及相同货物记录的的进口额之间的缺口估计出。
recorded:记录的
Leaves used for black tea ferment for days before they're heated, causing the leaves to blacken and many chemical changes to happen within them.
如果是制作黩茶，先发酵几天，然后加热，这样做是为了使叶子变黩，还有在其中产生多种化学变化。
blacken:黩
Compare with Chun Xia, flower modelling of Qiu Dong slants big, color more by powdery pink green green turning to the color with the brown, purple, blackish green autumn that give priority to is.
与春夏相比，秋冬的花造型偏大，颜色更由粉粉绿绿转向以棕色、紫色、墨绿等为主的很秋天的色系。
flower:花
Bullying through energy blackmail and now tanks and bombers, it reaches for its imperialist past and believes it requires a buffer to protect itself from threatening democracies.
通过能源勒索以及如今的坦克和炸弹恫吓，它抵达了帝国主义往昔，并认为需要一个缓冲区以挡开危险的民主体的威胁的。
threatening:威胁的
How much blackness surrounds a singularity – in effect, the size of the black hole – is defined by the strength of its gravitational pull.
事实上，奇点环绕有多大一块黑暗区域，也就是黑洞的尺寸，是由它所产生的引力大小来衡量的。
surrounds:环绕
He thinks he's going to black out and he stops his digging, steadying himself on the green handle of the spade.
他觉得眼前一黑色的，于是停止挖掘，撑住绿色的铁锹把手以保持平衡。
black:黑色的
Perfect for accompanying you from weekday to weekend, this confident, all- black timepiece stands out with a silky black dial notched with hour markers for a stylish, minimalist effect.
伴随你从周一至周五，周末的完美的，这个信心，全黑色的手表，如丝般的黑色表盘，小时标记为一个时尚，简约的效果缺口。
Perfect:完美的
The King couldn't refuse his only daughter. He rose from his throne and knighted the blacksmith.
国王无法拒绝独女的请求，他从王座上站起身，册封小铁匠为封爵。
knighted:封爵
If only there were a sat nav for cyberspace this junction would not be the accident blackspot it is threatening to be.
如果网络空间也会有导航软件的话，那么这个岔路口就不会成为威胁的中那样的事故高发点了。
threatening:威胁的
If traffic comes in from the blade to the switch or from the external ports of the blades to the switch and they are not tagged with a VLAN, the switch will tag them with VLAN 383.
如果通信流从刀片服务器发送到交换机，或者从刀片服务器的外部接口发送到交换机，而且它们没有VLAN标记的，那么交换机会给它们加上标记的VLAN383。
tagged:标记的
We blanch almonds by soaking off their skins in boiling water.
我们把杏仁泡在沸水中去皮弄成变白。
blanch:变白
The conversation, the Asahi beer and warm sake in the bar compensated for the bland food on board.
一路呆在暖和的酒吧里聊天和畅饮朝日啤酒，可以算作对船上乏味伙食的补偿的。
compensated:补偿的
You should be able to maybe print out a blank copy of those notes from the website not for memorizing them, but now just understanding how the photoelectric effect works.
你们应该可以从网站上打印一份,这些笔记中的空白的纸张,不仅仅是为了背诵，而且现在要理解,光电效应是如何工作的。
memorizing:背诵
For now, this file is blank; it exists only so that you can run the example here to check that the code is working correctly.
此时，这个文件是空白的；它的作用只是为了能够在这里运行这个示例来检查代码是否正常在职的。
working:在职的
And only the blank cheque is approved according to the regulation of the negotiable instruments law, it does not involve blank draft and cashiers cheque.
由于有关票据法的理论研究在我国刚刚起步，我国票据的规定只对空白查看予以认可，而没有涉及到空白汇票、本票。
cheque:查看
He is an architect still able to make authentic affirmations with his architecture, still able to surprise a culture as blase as ours by coming on stage from unexpected quarters.
他作为一个建筑师，依旧有能力用建筑作出可靠的断言、依旧有能力从始料未及的一角登场，给类似我们这种已经厌倦乐趣的文化带来惊喜。
surprise:惊喜
Perhaps it's possible to get blase about this most reliable of entertainment franchises, which has translated the bestselling books to the screen with such energy and good humour.
哪怕本电影是由最最畅销的书之一改编，而且其中充满了活力和幽默，也许你仍可能会对这部著名的娱乐片感到厌倦。
bestselling:最畅销
But one theory holds that this superstition arises from a Christian belief in the Holy Trinity: Since a ladder leaning against a wall forms a triangle, "breaking" that triangle was blasphemous.
但有一种说法认为这个迷信源自三位一体的基督教信仰：因为靠墙的梯子和墙形成的是一个三角，而“打破”那种三角是对神明的亵渎。
breaking:打破
And Nietzsche concludes that God does not exist, and therefore, the humans search to be God, which a devout religious person would call blasphemous.
尼采的总结是上帝并不存在，因此，人类想要成为上帝,虔诚的宗教人士认为这是渎神。
concludes:总结
When my father was killed by one of his own bodyguards for defending a Christian woman accused of blasphemy, we had not spoken for three years.
我父亲由于替一位被控亵渎先知的基督教妇女捍卫而被他的保镖刺杀，此前我已经三年没有和他说过话了。
defending:捍卫
Height above the ground the device was detonated. This will determine the extent of blast effects.
核设施被引爆时，引爆点距离地表的高度。这将决定引爆影响的范围。
detonated:引爆
Drainage efforts began Saturday, and Chinese troops were forced to use anti- tank weapons to blast away rocks to speed up the drainage when water continued to rise.
洩洪工作从上星期六开始了，在水位不断上涨的情况下，中国军队不得不动用反坦克武器轰击岩石，以加速洩洪。
began:开始了
Let the lens dry, use your blower to blast away any remaining dust or particles, then cap the lens.
保持镜头干燥，使用吹风机吹掉其余的的其它灰尘或者微粒，然后盖好镜头。
remaining:其余的
EOD boots have soles reinforced with soft armor and boomerang - shaped titanium plates to reflect blast pressure away.
爆炸品处理靴使用柔性装甲和回旋镖形状的钛板强化了靴底以便反映爆炸产生的压力。
reflect:反映
In order to guarantee pilot when popping does not occur exhausted outside, in the powder charge the flash which lights, the canopy frame already by the small exploder blast out.
为了保证飞行员在弹出时不发生惫外，在弹射弹被点燃的一刹那，座舱罩已被小型爆破装置炸开。
blast:爆破
The reporter was not only blasé; he was relieved: "They said to take it easy, so we finally get time to relax, go on vacation ."
这位记者不仅认为此事司空见惯，还感到一丝松了一口气：“他们说要慢慢来，所以我们终于有时间轻松轻松，去度度假了。”
relieved:松了一口气
Conclusions: bldg could promote DNA synthesis of HPLF dependently, and may play an important role in wound healing of periodontal tissue.
结论：牛血小板衍化生长因子对人牙周膜成纤维细胞DNA合成有推动作用，在牙周组织的创伤修复中可能起重要作用。
promote:推动
Still, shower heads are full of nooks and crannies, making them hard to clean, the researchers note, and the microbes come back even after treatment with bleach.
然而，研究人员注意到淋浴喷头充分隐蔽和有裂隙，使它们干净的困难，甚至用漂白剂处理之后微生物依然存在。
clean:干净的
Or you wake up, bleary with jet lag, in a city you've never seen before and feel you've come home.
或是，你一觉唤醒，由于时差两眼朦胧，来到一个你没见过的城市，并有宾至如归的感觉。
wake:唤醒
It's a responsibility inherited only because generations of Americans have fought and bled and died for it.
这是我们承接的责任，我们一代一代的美国人民曾经为之战斗过，为之流血，为之牺牲。
fought:战斗过
Some bled to the Arabs fighting the Soviets but nothing significant.
某些人为阿拉伯人对抗苏联人的斗争流血牺牲但却微不足道默默无闻。
fighting:斗争
We have no princes, for whom we toil, starve, and bleed: we are the most perfect society now existing in the world....
我们没有我们要为他们辛劳、受饿和流血的王爷，我们的社会是世界上现存的最完美的社会……
toil:辛劳
They are caused by bleeding between the conjunctiva and the sclera.
它们是由结膜和巩膜间的流血的造成的。
bleeding:流血的
In ancient times, it is said dei adorned the gods, who discarded them when they became blemished, thus explaining why they are seldom found in perfect condition.
在古代，传说天珠是神的装饰的，当它们出现瑕疵时，神就会将它们抛弃，因此人们很少能见到十全十美的天珠。
adorned:装饰的
Now decrease the opacity of the watercolor layer to about 70% and set its blend mode to Overlay.
现在将水彩图层的透明度减少到70%左右，将覆盖模式放为混合模式。
set:放
splash of ColorThe prison's exterior features earthy brown hues that help it blend in with the surrounding woodlands.
监狱的外观具有朴实的特征，以更好地融入周围林地的棕色色调。
features:特征
And not all of us will even be blessed with living until old age. If this was the last week of your life, are you living how you truly want to be or working toward that?
人生历经很短的时间，而且不是我们所有人都能幸运地活到老年，试想想如果这是你一生中的最后一个星期，你是不是正过着你真正想要的活的或正朝向它努力呢？
living:活的
Life is over in a short time. And not all of us will even be blessed with living until old age. If this was the last week of your life, are you living how you truly want to be or working toward that?
人生历经很短的时间，而且不是我们所有人都能幸运地活到老年，试想想如果这是你一生中的最后一个星期，你是不是正过着你真正想要的活的或正朝向它努力呢？
living:活的
Whether the blessing is given in words or with gestures, in a solemn or an informal way, our lives need to be blessed lives.
无论这种有福的是通过语言还是手势，正式的或非正式的途径，我们的生活需要成为蒙有福的的生活。
blessed:有福的
It reflected the vision of Deng Xiaoping, who was opening China up after the autarkic blind alley of Mao Zedong's Cultural Revolution.
这表现了邓小平的眼光，他在毛泽东的文化大革命这段自己自足而不见外面的世界的时期后，带领中国走向改革开口。
opening:开口
Therefore, it is reasonable for us to trust on the basis of the inherent rules of social life in practical situation, trying to avoid blind -trust or blind-worship.
因此，应该根据生活实践本身的内在规律，结合具体的情景而展开相信活动，避免盲信和迷信。
trust:相信
Often, their goal is simple fun -- to make cells blink, glow or smell like banana.
通常，他们的目标简单而有趣 —让细胞闪烁、发光或发出类似香蕉的闻。
smell:闻
Think about the fact that they continue to blink and then stop.
想想它们,保持眨然后停下来的事实。
blink:眨
This noxious weed has spread across the state, threatening humans with sap that causes severe burns, blistering, permanent scarring and even blindness.
这种有毒野草已经扩散到纽约州各地，它的汁液对人身安全有威胁的，可以导致烧伤、让皮肤起泡，留下永久疤痕，甚至引起是失明。
threatening:威胁的
None of this happened because the capitalist system was in blithe, buoyantmood.
这些的发生了，没有一个是因为资本主义体系处于愉快、蓬勃的情绪。
happened:发生了
The German military in World War 2 achieved most of its great victories with the Blitzkrieg tactic.
德国在第二次世界大战期间大部分伟大的军事达到都离不开闪电战策略的功劳。
achieved:达到
Cheap $400 netbook computers were selling fast, bloating market share figures for Apple’s rivals.
400美元的低端上网本卖极快，苹果竞争对手的市场份额数字急升。
selling:卖
Columns defined with the BLOB data type, or using the FOR BIT DATA clause will be passed as binary from the source to the target, and the code page used is zero.
通过BLOB数据类型或使用FORBITDATA子句定义的的列将以二进制形式从源传递到目标，所使用的代码页是零。
defined:定义的
If the BLOB is encoded in another code page other than UTF - 8, users can specify the code page of the BLOB input as an optional second parameter to TEST_XML.
如果该BLOB是以UTF-8 之外的任何代码页编码的的，那么用户可以为 TEST_XML指定输入BLOB的代码页，作为该函数的第二个可选参数。
encoded:编码的
Binding XML into a BLOB host variable can help to avoid substitution characters as DB2 does not perform code page conversion on BLOB data.
将XML捆绑到一个BLOB主机变量有助于避免替换字符，因为DB2不会在BLOB数据上执行代码页转换。
Binding:捆绑
One route around this blockage is for central banks to lend directly to firms by purchasing their short-term debt at fixed rates, as the Fed started to do this week.
绕过这种阻塞的一个方法是央行以固定利率购买企业短期债务，直接向企业发放贷款，本周美联储已经开始这样做。
purchasing:购买
The reason is that the synchronized block in Listing 5 prevents parallel execution.
其原因是清单5 的同步的代码阻止了并行执行。
synchronized:同步的
It is how your blog is perceived by others and where it is positioned in the market.
推广涉及到的是，你的博客在读者心中的感觉，以及它的市场定位的。
positioned:定位的
With so much unique information contained in the blogosphere, one is tempted to ask: Where is this information is cataloged, tracked, tagged, and available for search?
由于博客圈包含了大量各不相同的信息，有人不禁会问：这些信息在什么地方进行编目、跟踪和标记以供搜索呢？
cataloged:编目
The person who's best at soccer could well be a bloke who works in the warehouse.
足球踢得最好的人很可能是一个在库房作品的家伙。
works:作品
It is, as politicians like to say, about our blood and treasure.
就喜欢政客们常说的，这关乎到我们的血汗和财富。
like:喜欢
Of those with high blood pressure, 69% are receiving treatment, yet, only 45% have their blood pressure controlled.
在那些高血压的人当中，69%正在接受治疗，然而，只有 45%的血压得到受控。
controlled:受控
This is normal data from a complete blood count as performed on an automated instrument, including an automated WBC differential count.
自动的化血细胞计数仪对正常的全血计数的资料，包括对WBC自动的的分类计数。
automated:自动的
The test data were analyzed using statistic software of SPSS to, and then the impacts of human blood group, sex on human body temperature were discussed.
使用SPSS软件对数据进行分析了，以探讨血型、性别因素对人体体温的影响。
analyzed:分析了
Conclusion Gefitinib associated skin rash are divided Wind - Heat type, Damp -Heat type, Blood-Heat type and Blood -XU type, and has the good effect through Syndrome differentiation.
结论吉非替尼联系皮疹的常见证型为湿热型、风热型、血热型、血虚型，中医辨证治疗有较好的疗效。
associated:联系
Wing Cmdr Green is writing a diary for the BBC News Website about his experiences working on the Bloodhound project and the team's efforts to inspire national interest in science and engineering.
皇家空军中校格林为英国广播公司新闻网站写日记，记录他在猎犬项目的在职的经历和项目队为鼓励国民对科学工程的兴趣所做的努力。
working:在职的
At 12 .8 meters, the Bloodhound SuperSonic Car (SSC) is longer than four BMW Minis parked end to end, boasts solid titanium wheels and uses parachutes to brake.
猎犬号超音速汽车（SSC）的长度为12.8米，超过了头尾相接的4个宝马Mini，它使用了坚实的钛轮毂，并使用降落伞式的制动。
brake:制动
But many economists are trained to downplay emotion, social psychology and moral norms, and so produce bloodless and incomplete descriptions of what’s going on.
但是许多经济学家所受的训练有素就是要淡化个人情感、社会心理和道德规范，因此他们对现实的描述是冷血和不完整的。
trained:训练有素
METHOD The 80 patients were treated with acupuncture, percussopunctator, blood -letting method at the ear and Chinese drugs in combination.
方法：采用针刺配合梅花针叩刺、耳穴放血、中药综合处理过的痤疮80例，并设单纯中药对照组80例，观察2组疗效。
treated:处理过的
METHOD The 80 patients were treated with acupuncture, percussopunctator, blood -letting method at the ear and Chinese drugs in combination. A control group was treated only with Chinese drugs.
方法：采用针刺配合梅花针叩刺、耳穴放血、中药综合处理过的痤疮80例，并设单纯中药对照组80例，观察2组疗效。
treated:处理过的
He is confined to players with the correct birthplace or bloodline and, ultimately, his achievements may be restricted by them.
他的选人标准受到球员是否豪门出生的受限制的，而最终，卡佩罗带队的成绩也将因此受到影响。
restricted:受限制的
We measure this by looking at the free fatty acid concentration in the blood plasma in relation to plasma insulin.
我们同时测量等离子体中的游离脂肪酸浓度和胰岛素浓度来阐释这个问题。
plasma:等离子体
Objective To study the changes in endothelial microparticle and its relation to blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension.
目的学习高血压患者内皮细胞微颗粒水平的变化及其与血压的关系。
study:学习
LPO was negatively correlated with SOD and positively correlated with whole blood relative viscosity and plasma relative viscosity.
LPO与SOD呈显著负相关，与高切率全血比粘度、低切率全血比粘度、等离子体比粘度呈显著正相关。
plasma:等离子体
The experiment detected the effects of varying levels cooked corn starch abomasum infusion on nitrogen metabolism, amino acids apparent digestion and relative blood traits.
研究了真胃灌注变化的水平熟玉米面（淀粉）对肉牛氮代谢、氨基酸表观消化率及血液相关指数的影响。
varying:变化的
Health problems include bloodshot eyes, teeth eroded to stumps due to the acidic conditions, wheezing, allergies, sore stomachs, and damaged knees.
健康问题始终伴随着他们，满布血丝的眼睛，强酸环境造成的牙齿侵蚀和脱落，哮喘，过敏，胃痛，还有膝关节劳损。
eroded:侵蚀
Especially to old people, the heart function fails, vascular sclerosis and blood pressure reflect the regulating function obstacle, blood pressure decline appear more if doing a sport after the meal.
特别是老年人，心功能减退、血管硬化及血压反映调节功能障碍，餐后多出现血压下降等现象。
reflect:反映
OBJECTIVE To compare the results by using different methods to clean and remove bloodstain on surgical instruments.
客观的比较几种不同清洗方法对外科手术器械残留血迹的清洗效果。
OBJECTIVE:客观的
If HIV infected blood remains within the bore (inside) of the needle or in the syringe and someone else then uses it to inject themselves, that blood can be flushed into the bloodstream.
如果有被污染的血液残留在针的内孔或注入器里，然后有人使用它进行毒品注入的话，残留的血液可能会进入血液循环系统中。
inject:注入
Less frequently, it is due to infection through blood transfusion, vertical transmission (from infected mother to child) or organ donation.
在较少的情况中，通过输血，纵向传播（母婴已感染）或器官捐献也造成已感染。
infected:已感染
This confusing diet requires that you eat according to your blood type.
这个让人费解的减肥法要求你根据你的血型吃东西。
according:根据
A TV network is set to broadcast a comedy about women seeking husbands according to blood type.
而一网络电视也即将播出一部关于女人根据血型寻找老公的情景喜剧。
according:根据
Tissue cultures showed it could "inhibit the infection of human blood vessel cells by the dengue virus and human liver cells infected with hepatitis B and D," said the study.
研究称，组织培养表明：角鲨胺有可能“抑制登革热病毒对人体血管细胞的已感染，并抑制B型和D型肝炎病毒对人体肝脏细胞的已感染”。
infected:已感染
From cleaning jewelry to fighting stubborn stains, vodka has many handy uses -- other than pepping up your Bloody Mary!
从打扫珠宝首饰到去除顽固污渍，伏特加有很多简便的小用途——而不仅仅是拿来兑“血腥玛丽”！
cleaning:打扫
They spend too much time indoors and too much in the direct sun, and their skin has a pallid, blotched, flabby, exhausted look to it.
他们要么时时呆在屋里，要么暴晒太阳，以至于他们的皮肤毫无血色，有斑点的累累，松弛而又疲惫不堪。
blotched:有斑点的
Male side - blotched lizards come in three throat colors — blue, orange, and yellow — and scientists have noticed that each variety displays strikingly different behavior.
雄性侧边有斑点的蜥蜴（side-blotched lizard）的喉部会呈现出3种不同的颜色——蓝色、橙色和黄色。而美国科学家注意到，它们中的每种蜥蜴都会表现出明显不同的行为特点。
blotched:有斑点的
It uses a unique technique that allows even novices to remove the so- called "JPEG artifacts" and the "blotchy look" from their images easily, quickly and effectively.
它使用独特技术允许甚至新手从他们的图像消除被称做“JPEG人工制品”和“污点外观”的东西，轻松，迅捷并高效。
remove:消除
In the brown vascular and green pericarp of blotchy ripening fruit, there are more phenols matter which is an important factor in causing browning.
番茄褐变维管束与绿果肉中有大量酚类事情的积累，酚类事情是产生褐变的一种重要因子。
matter:事情
The arrows will blot out the sun! - Then we will fight in the shade!
我们射出的箭会遮天蔽日！-那我们就能在荫凉下斗争了！
fight:斗争
The note, face upward on the blotter, was dated two days earlier.
这张便条正面朝上放在吸墨水纸上， 注明的过时的是两天之前。
dated:过时的
Always have a fire extinguisher handy when working with a blowlamp.
在职的中使用汽油吹焰管时，请将灭火器放在近旁。
working:在职的
Scientists at the University of California, Berkeley, set up the experiment to study how pollen blown by breezes moves between plants.
加州大学伯克利分校的科学家们通过实验学习微风是如何吹动花粉在植株间运动的。
study:学习
Like electrical fuses, when they “blow out” they can be replaced, restoring the structural system to pre - earthquake conditions.
就像当电气保险丝断裂的时候，这些钢铁保险丝是可以用新的更换的，并把构架系统恢复到地震前的状态。
replaced:更换
Secondary settings include blow - out, fixed - volume, rinsing, reverse pipetting, and manual functions.
次级设置包括吹出排液、固定的容量、冲洗、反向移液以及手动功能。
fixed:固定的
They then vaporise the mercury using a blowtorch, leaving gold behind.
之后，他们用喷灯汽化水银，最终提取黄金。
vaporise:汽化
The basic characters of ionization current are studied by means of the steady flame of blowtorch.
利用喷灯的稳定火焰，对离子电流的特性进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
Because a lot of these ships go blub on the way back, or are taken by pirates and stuff like that, they say, "We want to insure this ship.
因为有很多船只在回程的时候会损坏,或是被海盗之类的匪徒抢劫,他们说,"我们想为这船提供保证
insure:保证
If the heater circuit is working, it heats the sensing blub, thus changing the resistance of the bulb.
如果加热电路在职的，它加热温度传感头，从而改变传感头的阻值。
working:在职的
The call came one night while I was sitting in a parking lot in Cancún, trying not cry over the spare tire that had mysteriously gone missing from my rented baby blue Atos.
一个晚上，我坐在坎昆的一个停车场上接到一个电话，当时我正试着不为租来的的blueAtos汽车的备胎丢失而哭泣。
rented:租来的
She experimented on tissue cultures taken from lab mice, giving each different doses of blueberry polyphenols to see their effect on adipocyte differentiation.
她使用来自试验过用老鼠的组织培养来做试验，给予不同剂量的蓝莓多酚看它们对脂肪细胞分化的影响。
experimented:试验过
Blueberry bushes surrounded us. A small stream rushed along to the bay.
包围是蓝莓丛，一条小溪沿着海湾欢快流动。
surrounded:包围
They get their name not from their skin color, which tends to be olive to gray, but rather from the blue-black color of the inside of their mouth, which they display when threatened.
它们并不是因为皮色而得名，它们的皮色有点橄榄色到灰色的之间，而是由于当它们受到威胁时，张开嘴巴，嘴巴里面颜色是蓝黑色而得名的。
gray:灰色的
This workstream results in a "meta- architecture" -- a blueprint of the components and interfaces to drive their development.
这一工作流程的结果是一个“元体系结构”——一个驾驶组件和界面开发的蓝图。
drive:驾驶
For instance, in Part I, he spends almost 12 minutes vamping over the chords Am7 (A minor 7) to G major, sometimes in a slow, rubato feel, and other times in a bluesy, gospel rock feel.
比如，在PartI 中，在AM7和弦到G大调的转换他用了大概12分钟的即兴伴奏，时而以舒缓的音色随意增减音符奏响的节奏，时候给出布鲁斯和福音吸血鬼韵味的节奏。
vamping:吸血鬼
A bluish ribbon of light stretching left to right across the picture might be a knot of gas ejected by the supernova.
一个从左边延伸至右穿过整幅图片的蓝色缎带可能是由超新星喷发出的气体形成的集结体。
left:左边
Typically the schedule for these activities is aggressive, the goals blurry, the technologies new, and the QA light, so prototyping can often be a lot of fun -- and a big waste of money.
典型的对这些活动的时间计划是非常自信的，目标是模糊的，技术是新的，并且QA轻松的，因此原型制作通常是很有趣的 —金钱的大量浪费。
prototyping:原型制作
These Blurt Out tapes and CDs are a great way for you to master spoken English.
这些《脱口而出》的录音带和CD对你掌握英语说有很大帮助。
spoken:说
The kid's terseness is a mild parody of B- movie westerns.
“这孩子”精练的语言略似对低成本的西部片电影的一种戏仿。
westerns:西部片
He signed the note “Barack Obama, ” with a big looping B and O. Mrs. Arnold said she was so overwhelmed that the president had called her son by his first name that she “just burst into tears .”
落款的签是“巴拉克·奥巴马”，姓名字头的“B”和“O”写得又大又圆。阿诺德夫人说，见到总统竟用她儿子的大名“马修”来亲切地称呼她的儿子，她激动得“眼泪夺眶而出”。
signed:签
The US government will take a stake in BoA in return for the aid, which is designed to absorb the losses on mortgage - related assets inherited from Merrill Lynch.
美国政府将会用援助换取在美国银行的股份，这个援助就是来吸收因为收购美林而导致与抵押贷款有关的资产的亏损。
related:有关的
In St Petersburg he went cold and hungry while working as a signwriter to earn the money to pay his school fees and board and lodging.
在圣彼得堡，他谋到一份为店家写招牌的在职的以挣钱来付学费及食宿费。
working:在职的
You could even play a game, the strategy board game Reversi, seen here on the top left.
你甚至可以玩个战略棋盘游戏——翻转棋，上图左边上角所示。
left:左边
Peter Rendell and Julie Henry tested twenty pregnant women and twenty non- pregnant women on a board game called "Virtual Week" and also on a real life task.
彼得.戴尔和朱莉.亨利抽取了20位怀孕妇女和20位非怀孕的妇女测试过一个名叫“虚拟周”的棋盘游戏，也对现实生活进行测试过。
tested:测试过
In February, at St. Paul's, a boarding school in New Hampshire, more than 200 students battled across a map that included the schools dormitories, dining halls, hockey rink and chapel.
二月份，圣保罗，新汉普郡的一所寄宿学校，超过200的学生在地图上包括学校集体宿舍，餐厅，曲棍球场和小教堂的场所进行了战斗过。
battled:战斗过
Actually, the word officer means a person authorized by the Board of directors to represent the bank in certain dealings.
实际上主管人员这个名词表示这个人得到了董事会授权的，代表银行经营某些业务的人。
authorized:授权的
First, the story department will board out the sequence according to the script.
首先，故组将根据脚编排故版序。
according:根据
A drive electric machine of the fan is electrically connected with the solar energy electric board out of the drying chamber.
风扇的驱动电机与设置在烘干室外的太阳能电板电连接。
drying:烘干
B: I've arranged for coffee, soft drinks and biscuits to be served in the board room at 10:15.
我已经做了安排的，十点一刻把咖啡、软饮料和饼干送到会议室。
arranged:安排的
It could simply boil down to a lack of opportunity: Women still earn less than men working the same jobs and are underrepresented in the boardroom.
这可以简单地归结为：机会的缺少。同样的在职的中妇女的收入仍旧比男性少，在董事会中的席位也如此。
working:在职的
Back in 2000, when I was “fresh off the boat ,” as the not -so- nice folks say, I worked on the 24th floor of an office building in Seattle.
回到2000年，我还“刚从偷渡的船上下来”，一个不是很友好的人说的。我在西雅图的一栋建筑的第24层工作过。
worked:工作过
Sunlight reflecting off the water gives these caves their blue hue, making them popular for boating and diving.
由海水反映的阳光，使这些洞穴带有了蓝色的色调，因划船和潜水而使它们受人欢迎。
reflecting:反映
Many residents move around the island on horseback and enjoy water sports including fishing, boating, and canoeing.
许多居民骑着马在岛上来来往往，喜欢水上运动，其中包括钓鱼、划独木舟和玩独木舟。
canoeing:划独木舟
Hershey would likely need to issue a boat load of stock to fund such an offer, something that would dilute the trust's ownership stake and could have an adverse impact on its existing shares.
好时很可能需要大量发股来为收购提供资金，这样做会稀信托的所有权股本，可能对现有股份带来不利影响。
dilute:稀
Ticketing Center or to be able to confirm international and domestic air tickets, as well as substituting for Hong Kong through train, boat, tickets.
售票处中心可代订或确认国际、国内机票，以及代订香港直通火车、船、汽车票。
Ticketing:售票处
He was working at a boatyard for $16 an hour when he was laid off in June 2008.
2008年6月失业时，他在一家造船厂在职的，每小时工资16美元。
working:在职的
A boatyard owner's concern for a lost fisherman reverberates through the working community of water men, giving us an insider's glimpse of the vessels and sea folk that work the sea for a living.
阿船厂业主的损失渔民关注回荡通过船工社区在职的，让我们有内幕的船只和seafolk这项在职的为谋生海一瞥。
working:在职的
Researching on digital designing and manufacturing of the grooved drum is one of main methods to improve international competition of advanced bobbin winding machines.
开展数字化槽筒设计与制造方法的研究中和实践，是实现高档次络筒机国际竞争力的主要途径之一。
Researching:研究中
Yet BDSM involves a range of acts that include varying degrees of expressed intent, physical contact, and potential for bodily harm.
但，BDSM包括一些行为，这些行为包含变化的程度的表达的意图、身体的接触、潜在的人身伤害。
varying:变化的
What we've done is take this spontaneous response to the creation of sound and bodily movement with sound and replaced it.
我们所做的就是,对于声音的产生以及身体随声音的活动,做出自发式的反馈,并且进行更换
replaced:更换
The Combat Shirt had a form fitting torso for comfort under body armour and vests, and the Combat Pants were heavily reinforced and loaded with features.
战斗恤的躯干部分采贴身设计，穿在人体装甲和背心下时让人觉得舒适，而战斗裤经过重型强化，包含很多功能特性。
reinforced:强化
And I'm not talking about those little blow-up things that go on the arms. We outfitted him in a Coast Guard -approved full- body flotation device.
我指的可不是简简单单环绕手臂的泳圈之流，我们给他穿上全身漂浮防护游泳配备，这家伙，美国海岸警卫队都无可指摘。
outfitted:配备
If a knee thrust to the testicles or groin is used in connection with a chin jab, the body will automatically bend forward, leaving a perfect set-up for this particular blow.
如果膝盖撞裆与掌跟打击下颌结合用过的，对手的身体会自动向前弯曲，成为施展这种打击的极佳姿势。
used:用过的
Qisheng specialized in producing body building equipment, which is recognized by the State Sports General Administration. It can design, produce and sell at the same time.
奇胜是由中国国家体育总局认可的专门健身器生产厂家，集设计、生产、销售于一体。
specialized:专门
This means that when we go back to work in the new year our body clock will be set later than we want it to be so we will really struggle to wake up, get up and get going in the mornings.
这就是说当我们在新年回去上班时，我们的生物钟会比我们的需要设定得迟些，因此我们将真正地在早晨挣扎着唤醒、起床和出发。
wake:唤醒
As Lario demanded a huge amount of maintenance, Berlusconi hit back by leaking details of his wife's alleged affair with her 47 -year-old bodyguard Alberto Orlandi.
老贝为了反击拉里奥对他提出巨额离婚赔偿的要求的，揭露妻子与47岁的保镖阿尔波特·奥兰帝有染。
demanded:要求的
The performer shows the strong relationship between women and their jewelry, and how the last affects the woman's body - language.
节目显示了强大的关系，妇女和她们的珠宝，以及如何影响最后该名女子的身体语言。
shows:节目
Likewise, the availability of indicators for body mass index and skinfold thickness are particularly useful for monitoring the growing epidemic of childhood obesity.
同样，身体质量指数指标的可用性和皮肤褶厚度则特别有助于监控日益流行的儿童期肥胖。
monitoring:监控
In the institutionalized education, educative power is exercised mainly by the body politic, schools and teachers, which embodies the alienability of educative power.
在制度化的教育中，教育权力的行使主要由国家、学校和教师来承担，这是教育权力让渡性的体现。
institutionalized:制度化的
The father of missing American teenager Natalee Holloway will re- launch a search for her body in waters off Aruba.
美国丢失的女孩NataleeHolloway的父亲将重新在阿鲁巴岛附近搜寻她女孩的尸体。
missing:丢失的
The final step is to perform a search - and - replace operation on the original body content submitted by the user, replacing each URL with either the corresponding HTML embed code or HTML hyperlink.
最后一步是在用户提交的原始内容上执行搜索和代替操作，用对应的HTML嵌入代码或HTML超链接代替每个URL。
replace:代替
Objective: AIMS To search the complex whose enviroment is similar to the human - body's cell for synthesizing Superoxide (SOD).
目的：为人工模拟综合超氧化物歧化酶（SOD）寻找与人体细胞有相似配位环境的配体。
synthesizing:综合
The bodywork structure in a well car and the calculation of its stability were analyzed.
对某大型落下孔车车体进行了结构分析了及稳定性计算。
analyzed:分析了
Lockwood's aim is not just boggle the mind but to lead us towards an understanding of the science and philosophy.
洛克伍德的目的是不仅仅不可理解但是把我们带领向理解科学和哲学。
lead:带领
Adam: Have you tried one recently? The yolks look totally different. And if you compare them to the bog- standard eggs they taste much better.
亚当：你最近有吃过吗？它的蛋黄看起来完全不一样，而且它的品尝也比一般的鸡蛋好吃很多。
taste:品尝
During the downtime, as we waited for reagents to boil or timers to go off, I was busy writing.
在没有事做的时候，如在等待试剂熬或定时器报时的时候，我就埋头写作。
boil:熬
The fuel assemblies usually lie under 20 to 30 feet of water, which would take days to boil away.
燃料组件通常位于20至30英尺的水下，使其熬需要几天时间。
boil:熬
The yuan is still not a free - floating currency, and only seems to appreciate when tempers in Washington, DC, reach boiling point.
人民币依旧不是自由漂浮的的货币，并且只有当华盛顿特区的脾气达到沸点的时候才升值。
floating:漂浮的
In binary plants, the hot water is passed by a secondary fluid with a much lower boiling point than water. This causes the secondary fluid to turn to vapor, which then drives a turbine.
在双循环发电站中，地热水要从沸点比其低得多的二级液体旁边经过，这个过程会让二级液体变为汽，从而驱动汽轮机。
vapor:汽
Method of separation of ethanol and water was systems introduced. Effect of high boiling - point solvents on separation of ethanol and water were studied.
文中对乙醇和水分离的方法较为系统的介绍，重点研究过高沸点溶剂对乙醇和水萃取精馏分离的影响；
studied:研究过
In this article, a high- boiling -point solvent — mixed dibasic esters (DBE) and Polyester polyol for polyurethane are synthesized with DBA and methanol to achieve the utilization o.
本文利用DBA和甲醇合成的绿色环保高沸点溶剂混合酸二甲酯（DBE）和聚氨酯用聚酯多元醇，变废为宝，实现了对DBA的综合利用。
synthesized:合成的
Low- boiling point solvent (propane) was used to extract oil from 3 plant seeds. High - grade oil were obtained after refining.
利用低沸点溶剂萃取技术，对3种植物油进行提炼和精炼试验，获得高质量的精制油。
extract:提炼
Vacuum pump is a relatively sophisticated equipment, it's working medium is a special high boiling point, low - volatile oil pump, its effectiveness depends on the mechanical pump and pump oil quality.
真空油泵是一种比较精密的设备，它的在职的介质是特制的高沸点、低挥发的泵油，它的效能取决于油泵的机械结构和泵油的质量。
working:在职的
The state of the economy calls for action, bold and swift, and we will act - not only to create new jobs, but to lay a new foundation for growth.
经济状况期待着我们大胆和快速的行为。我们会付诸行为--不仅仅是创造就业机会，同时还要为未来的增长打下新的基础。
act:行为
I never con- sorted with enemies but Ialways have battled along with the party against enemies of the people with my whole Bolshevik soul.
以我布尔什维克的灵魂起誓，我从未与敌人勾结，我总是站在党的一侧与人民的敌人战斗过到底。
battled:战斗过
Separately, the bank is investing in emerging markets -- particularly in Asia and Latin America -- as well as its commodities and equities businesses to bolster earnings, according to the analysts.
据分析师称,另外,该银行还在投资新兴市场,尤其是亚洲和拉丁美洲市场,同时还有商品和股票业务,以支持公司获利.
bolster:支持
Water inlet hole is above S - circulating channel, and the vortex coil and back cover are fixed at the back of the ceramic substrate through bolt hole.
圈和钢珠组成。进水孔在S循环通道的上方。涡流感应线圈和后盖利用螺栓孔与陶瓷基体背面固定的连接。
fixed:固定的
To achieve this nanoscale feat, Poliakoff and his colleagues magnified the hair in an electron microscope, then used an ion beam writer to bombard the hair.
据了解，伯利克夫和同事们用电子显微镜将发丝放大的，随后用离子光束笔对发丝进行“轰炸”，才得以完成这个纳米级别的作品。
magnified:放大的
A distributed denial of service attack involves using many computers to bombard a Web site with an overload of traffic, knocking it offline.
分布式的拒绝服务攻击需要用许多台电脑对一个网站集中进行流量轰击，使其因负担过重而不能提供正常的服务。
bombard:轰击
The missile bombardment from air and sea began this past weekend to enforce a United Nations -mandated no- fly zone and to protect rebels from Moammar Gadhafi's forces.
为执行联合国关于建立禁飞区的提议和保护叛军免受卡扎菲军队的攻击，来自空中与海上的导弹轰炸在上周开始了进行。
began:开始了
Bombastic boasts —" We are positioned to become the preeminent provider of XYZ "—do not constitute a position.
空洞的自夸——“我们要成为某某领域最杰出的供应商”——可不是真正的定位的。
positioned:定位的
Seven months after Schrödinger wrote these lines, on July 16, 1945, the first atomic bomb was exploded, at the Trinity Site in New Mexico. Three weeks later, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
在薛定谔写下这几行字7个月后，1945年7月16日，第一颗原子弹在新墨西哥州白沙试验场地爆炸了（核试验代号为Trinity），3个星期后，广岛被投下了原子弹。
exploded:爆炸了
Respondents must be enabled to check without difficulty the identity and bona fides of the Researcher.
被访者必须能够毫无困难地查看研究人员的身份和真实性。
check:查看
Convertible bond A bond that, at the option of the holder, may be exchanged for another asset, generally a fixed number of shares of common stock.
可转换债券一种可根据持有者的意愿兑换成另一种资产的债券，一般为固定的数量的普通股股票。
fixed:固定的
Pawns the stock and grows uses in the load holder provides according to the agreement condition exchange stock and to the bond pawns the guarantee.
所质押股票及其孳息用于债券持有人根据约定条件交换股份和对债券提供质押担保。
according:根据
In brief, the making Processes of high alumina domestic POrcelain and high silica domestic porcelain were told. The causes that a bone china and a…
简要叙述了高铝强化瓷和高硅强化瓷的制作工艺，简要说明了骨灰瓷和日用滑石瓷机械强度高的原因。
making:制作
In brief, the making Processes of high alumina domestic POrcelain and high silica domestic porcelain were told. The causes that a bone china and a domestic talc porcelain prese …
简要叙述了高铝强化瓷和高硅强化瓷的制作工艺，简要说明了骨灰瓷和日用滑石瓷机械强度高的原因。
making:制作
The reasons of forming the bone china defect "Pinhole" were approached in the light of experiments, and the effective ways to control defect "pinhole "were given.
前言：结合试验探讨了骨瓷烧泡缺点产生的原因，并指出了控制烧泡缺点的有效途径。
defect:缺点
Distilled from grape skins in large copper alembics, this clear spirit retains some bouquet of wild berries and has a palate that is bone dry and refreshing.
从葡萄皮中加以蒸馏的提炼，使此酒保留着一些野浆果的芳香，口感较干，清香爽口。
Distilled:蒸馏的
Distilled from grape skins in large copper alembics, this clear spirit retains some bouquet of wild berries and has a palate that is bone dry and refreshing. Enjoy with a good espresso after dining.
从葡萄皮中加以蒸馏的提炼，使此酒保留着一些野浆果的芳香，口感较干，清香爽口。
Distilled:蒸馏的
Mice that developed the condition by being exposed to pollen were protected against attacks after the cells obtained from bone marrow were injected into them.
把骨髓细胞注入小鼠体内，这样暴露于花粉中的小鼠就能受到受保护而不会过敏。
protected:受保护
Pak Bong Ju said that the DPRK appreciates the efforts made by China towards a nuclear-free Korean Peninsular.
朴凤柱说，朝方对中方为实现半岛无核化所做的努力表示欣赏。
appreciates:欣赏
Zhao Dong Liang graduated in 2009 from the Beijing Central Academy of Fine Arts and he will also be exhibiting his graduation piece, Bonsai Chair.
赵东亮于2009年毕业了于北京中央美术学院，而他亦将会展出其毕业了作品《盆景》。
graduated:毕业了
You are literally releasing the old energy within, and these energies of the past are often symbolized as wars, running to escape and boogie men.
您正在释放内在的旧能量，而过去的这些能量经常以战争、逃跑和魔怪们作为符号化的。
symbolized:符号化的
Bookable associated or non- associated facility such as a commentary position, observer seat, camera position, etc.
可以预订的联系或非联系设施，例如评论员位置、观察员座位以及摄像机位置等。
associated:联系
Over the centuries, book binding had always serve as a protection to expensively printed or hand- made pages, and as embellishments tribute to the cultural authorities.
几个世纪以来，书籍装帧一直用来保护那些高价打印或手工制作的书页，也是给文化当局的修饰性贡品。
printed:打印
Mainly used for the printing industry, bookbinding melt glue, and imported printing machinery ancillary to replace imported products.
主要用于印刷行业，书籍装订溶化胶水，与进口的印刷机械配套，取代进口的产品。
imported:进口的
From vaunted Napa Valley wineries to vistas along Lake Tahoe, California couples have booked up thousands of churches and reception sites hoping to begin wedded bliss on the lucky date.
从闻名遐迩的葡萄酒产地纳帕溪谷到美丽的塔霍湖畔，加利福尼亚州几千所教堂和婚宴地已被预订，新人们希望这个幸运的日子能给他们的婚姻带来极乐。
bliss:极乐
The Internet has now made it so that you don't even have to call up a bookie and place your bet; you can simply login and start betting.
互联网已经使得使你却连一个打电话给你打赌卓琨和地方；您只需登录并开始投注。
place:地方
Being embarrassed to be single was the reason given by 10% of respondents, with this not only being felt during the booking phase but also while on holiday itself.
10%的受访者认为，不旅行的原因是对自己单身感到难为情，这种毛毡不仅在预订阶段存在，而且在度假期间也存在。
felt:毛毡
Hoteliers must remember the majority of potential guests are not brand loyal nor do they have a fixed booking pattern; they simply book from the hotel offering them the best deal.
酒店经营者必须谨记：大部分旅客都不是品牌的忠实者；他们也没有一个固定的的预订模式；他们只会预订为他们提供最优惠价格的酒店。
fixed:固定的
It was an all-day affair and the bookish 22 -year-old felt good about it.
这是一个全天的面试，这个略带学生气的22岁的女孩毛毡良好。
felt:毛毡
Asa teenager, she had a series of low paying jobs as a waitress, stenographer, and bookkeeper, working at one point as an assistant to future Canadian PrimeMinister R. B. Bennett.
她还未成年时，就做过了一系列报酬很低的在职的，比如女侍者，速记员，簿记员，还一度做过将来会成为加拿大首相的本内特的助理。
working:在职的
Taxes, book-keeping and other accounting related stuff should be treated by an expert.
税收，簿记和其他会计有关的的东西应被视为一个专家。
related:有关的
The system of accounting called double-entry bookkeeping, invented in Renaissance Italy, was powerfully connected to the development of trade and commerce.
所谓的会计复式簿记系统，是在文艺复兴时期的意大利发明的的，应用到贸易和商业的发展。
invented:发明的
Auditing and bookkeeping challenges associated with new mandates represent another business hurdle.
与新的法规要求联系的审计和记帐的挑战是另外的商业障碍。
associated:联系
Becky worked in a store doing bookkeeping, while John found work driving a truck and also cutting the flammable undergrowth in the forests (" thinning "them) for the US National Forest Service.
贝基在一家商店里记账，约翰找到了开卡车的工作过，同时为美国国家森林管理局干一份在森林里砍掉易燃矮树丛的工作过(让树木变稀疏，也称抚育或间伐)。
worked:工作过
Sima Biao's Xuhanshu (continuation of historiography of han dynasty) was annotated by Liu Zhao. As an annotation bookmaking, it's a distinguished achievement in Wei, Jin, South and North Dynasties.
刘昭为司马彪《续汉书》八志所作的注释的是魏晋南北朝时期众多的史注中非常重要的一部。
annotated:注释的
It includes methods to add and delete bookmarks, retrieve a user's bookmark list, and retrieve (or rename) a user's tags.
其中包括添加和删除书签、取回用户书签列表和取回（或者重命名）用户标记的方法。
retrieve:取回
This beautiful, well- researched book should make every meat -eater think differently about the lives of the animals that turn up on his or her plate.
这本美丽的，注重研究过的书让所有吃肉的人面对盘中肉时会对动物生活书产生不同的思考。
researched:研究过
The overall control system hardware and each of the hardware modules as well as experiment plate cabinet are designed, and the experiment instruction book is edited.
设计的中进行了控制系统硬件的设计的和各个模块的硬件设计的以及实验台整体机箱的设计的，并且编写了实验指导书。
designed:设计的
Today, the world's largest bookseller, Amazon, is a software company —its core capability is its amazing software engine for selling virtually everything online, no retail stores necessary.
现在，全球最大的书商亚马逊是一家软件公司。该公司的核心实力是它的令人惊异的软件引擎，让所有商品都能够在网上进行卖，实体零售商店成为非必须。
selling:卖
Designed primarily to haul cargo, the Ares V booster is NASA’s supply truck for the post - shuttle era.
战神V助推器设计的目的主要是长途货运，它是美国宇航局的后航天飞机时代的供给车。
Designed:设计的
High- back booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs.
高背增高式儿童汽车安全座椅专为重至120磅的成长儿童设计的。
designed:设计的
The data in this log contains information about the devices connected to the system and any faults and problems recorded by the system during the boot and operational process.
此日志中的数据包含关于连接到系统的设备的信息，以及在启动和操作过程中系统记录的的任何错误和问题的信息。
recorded:记录的
Here ’s a mini, simple living boot camp to help you get started.
这儿有一个小小的，简单的活的训练营帮助你开始。
living:活的
Bootleg copies of the “Dark Knight ” and Shenzen sweatshops churning out fake Louis Vuitton bags are only part of the problem.
“黑骑士”的违法盗版和深圳血汗血汗工厂生产路易威登包仅是问题的一部分。
sweatshops:血汗工厂
Eventually Blackbeard even tried to retire from his pirating ways after receiving a pardon, selling his booty, abandoning his crew and settling in the American colonies.
最终黑胡子收到了赦免信后，变卖其战利品，抛弃他的船员，在美国殖民地购置地产，试图金盆洗手，退出盗版这一行。
pirating:盗版
Even though there is a lavish wedding ceremony complete with booze and dancing, the girl is not expected to copulate with the animal – which is good news!
即使是举行了一个有酒宴、歌舞的盛大的婚礼，这个女孩也不会被期待与动物媾——这真是一个好消息！
copulate:媾
When REM guitarist Peter Buck attacked two cabin staff during a 2002 British Airways flight from Seattle to Heathrow, it was seen initially as a case of a boozed up rock star behaving badly.
这是关于REM乐队的吉他手彼得•勃克（PeterBuck）2002年在英国航空一架从西雅图到伦敦的班机上袭击两名乘务员。起初它是一宗关于烂醉的摇滚明星举止恶劣的案件。
behaving:举止
“We’re not going to be frustrated ,” said Boozer, who had 20 points and 12 rebounds.
得到20分和12个篮板的布泽尔说：“我们不会感到沮丧的。
frustrated:沮丧的
Boozer said the Jazz need to win one before they can think about rallying again.
布泽尔表示，在爵士认为他们可以重新团结之前，球队需要一场赢。
win:赢
Holy cow. Boozer is out scoring the whole Rockets team by himself.
我的老天，布泽尔一个人的计分就超过了火箭全队。
scoring:计分
Abstract: When drilling cluster wells on offshore drilling platform, the following up problem of all kinds of cables and BOP controlling cables must be solved.
文摘：在海上钻孔平台上钻丛式井时，必须解决各种电缆束和防喷器控制管缆的随动问题。
drilling:钻孔
When drilling cluster wells on offshore drilling platform, the following up problem of all kinds of cables and BOP controlling cables must be solved.
在海上钻孔平台上钻丛式井时，必须解决各种电缆束和防喷器控制管缆的随动问题。
drilling:钻孔
During this inspection, the two sides will check and confirm their borderline, and renew the boundary markers.
本次联合查看期间，双方将对边界线位置进行实地查看确认，并更换界碑。
check:查看
The effects of geology, downhole assembly, borehole curvature and drilling parameters on well trajectory are discussed.
探讨了地质因素、钻具组合、井眼曲率及钻孔参数对井眼轨迹的影响。
drilling:钻孔
The two -year fixed mortgage rate for a borrower with a 25% deposit fell from 6.35% to 6.08%.
付有25%的保证金的借款人的二年期固定的抵押借款的利率从6.35%降到了6.08%。
fixed:固定的
But in China, unlike America, housing is a vehicle for saving, not for borrowing.
但在中国，购房推动的是储蓄，而不像在美国，推动的是借用。
borrowing:借用
We have spent over a trillion dollars at war, often financed by borrowing from overseas.
我们在战争中的耗费超过一万亿美元，而且经常从国外借用资金。
borrowing:借用
I have had experience of your boss, who kept harping when I phoned him.
我可领教过你的老板，他一接打电话就唠唠叨叨说个不停。
phoned:打电话
If you're going to complain to the boss about working conditions, make sure you don't bite the hand that feeds you.
如果你准备向老板抱怨在职的条件，你也一定不要恩将仇报。
working:在职的
Siponewaycheck handles simulated instant messaging / awareness / resolve validation and monitoring, and connecting to an external community with an existing ping bot to communicate with.
siponewaycheck处理模拟的的即时消息/感知/解决验证和监控，并使用现有的pingbot与外部社区连接以进行通信。
simulated:模拟的
If mineral veins sometimes resemble botanical illustrations, blame it on Earth ’s molten nature and fluid mechanics: when seen from above, a branching river also looks like a tree.
矿脉其实有时会像植物图鉴，是因为地球的熔融性质和流体力学机制：当我们俯视的时候，就能看到像树枝一样的分枝河流。
branching:分枝
She returned to Jordan, where she married a botany lecturer and had three children.
她回到了约旦，在那里她和一位植物学讲师已婚，并且生了3个孩子。
married:已婚
Why should they bother with something of little-to- no interest when they could have (or plead for) the thing they crave?
如果有或者说可以请求得到他们所渴望的东西，他们为什么还要被毫无兴趣的事物而打扰？
bother:打扰
If everyone is familiar with data binding, then why bother with any definition and concept at all?
既然每个人都熟悉数据绑定，何必再为什么定义和概念打扰呢？
bother:打扰
As long as they live with their mother she ’s the one who does all the bothersome work like cleaning clothes, toilets and kitchens.
只要他们仍旧和他们的父母住在一起，那么任何的洗衣，卫浴打扫以及厨房劳动都将由他们亲爱的母亲代劳。
cleaning:打扫
Each day, the students detailed their most bothersome failure, the strategies they used to cope with the failure and how they felt at the end of the day.
每天，学生们都会详细的的记录下令人烦恼的挫败，这也是他们处理失败的策略，同时还会详细的记录一天结束后的感觉。
detailed:详细的
Synchronized screw rod bottle separation and star-shaped disc transmission feed to achieve an absolute steady and high-speed rotation, and an easy and simplified operation.
螺杆分瓶、星盘同步的传动的供料设计，使达到高速运转绝对稳定，而且操作容易简单。
Synchronized:同步的
Factory is specialized in producing various kinds of stainless steel series of multi-purpose pliers, knives series, stainless steel bottle opener series of products world -famous private.
本厂是以专门生产各类不锈钢多用钳系列、小刀系列、不锈钢开瓶器系列产品闻名于世的私营企业。
specialized:专门
I guess I bottle up my feelings, and find it hard when I am criticised.
我想我隐藏了自己的感觉，在遭受批评的时要找到它很难。
criticised:批评的
Mile nodded at Jay and held the bottle up to the kid's face. "Then why isn't this Pepsi ?"
迈尔斯冲杰点了点点头，把瓶子凑到小孩脸前：“那么这为什么不是百事可乐呢？”
nodded:点点头
Clearly, it is not a good idea to bottle up workplace worries or to make your day -to-day activities taboo.
很明显的，抑制工作地方的忧虑或使日常活动成为忌讳并不是一个好主意。
taboo:忌讳
The bottom line is you should use what you trust, and trust is something built over time and from experience.
底线在于您应该使用您相信的文件系统，而相信是建立在时间和经验的基础上的。
trust:相信
Botulism - related toxins attach to nerve endings, where they block their ability to trigger muscle contractions.
肉毒杆菌有关的毒素附于神经末梢，在那里肉毒杆菌阻止神经触发肌肉收缩。
related:有关的
The effects of reclaimed water on relative conductivity and MDA content in the Leaves of Bougainvillea speetabilis and Delonix regia were studied in this paper.
本文研究过中水处理对三角梅和凤凰木叶片质膜透性及丙二醛含量的影响。
studied:研究过
Producing process of a new kind of functional and natural compounded flavoring, high Calcium chicken bouillon, is discussed in the paper.
本文论述了以廉价鸡骨架为主原料，生产功能性天然复合的调味品——高钙鸡精的工艺。
compounded:复合的
Stir the butter into the bouillon and when it has melted add the tarragon leaves. Spoon a little into each plate.
把黄油加入汤汁，搅拌直到融化了，放入切碎的龙蒿叶，舀到每个盘子里。
melted:融化了
A new type of solar thermal system for homes that can provide heat, hot water, and electricity is being tested in Boulder, Colo., over the next few months.
一个太阳能光热转换系统的新类型，以为家庭可供热，提供热水，并且可以发电。未来数个月，在科罗拉多州博尔德测试过。
tested:测试过
Before leaving, the scientists decided to test the equipment they would use to detect airborne nitryl chloride on the cruise by sampling the air in Boulder, a mile above sea level.
离开之前，科学家们决定通过采样检测海拔一英里的博尔德市的空气，对在旅程中将会用来检测空气中硝基氯含量的设备进行检验。
sampling:采样
A few days later Jung's mistress ran into Jung's wife while she was standing and looking into the window of a painting supplies shop on a Zurich boulevard.
几天以后，荣格的情妇偶然撞见了荣格的老婆，当时，她正站在位于苏黎世一条林荫大道上的一家绘画用品店铺前，向橱窗里望着。
shop:店铺
When a bouncing process happens to be a high priority or interactive process, overall system performance is affected.
当一个高优先级进程或者交互式进程发生弹跳时，整个系统的性能就会受到影响。
bouncing:弹跳
The boundary mediator pattern extends the service connection pattern by enabling standard mediations to be applied to all incoming (and / or outgoing) service requests or messages.
边界中介器模式对服务连接模式进行延伸，允许将标准中介应用到所有传入（和/或传出）服务请求或消息。
extends:延伸
Then the sunbeam spoke of the boundless love of God, as seen in creation, and over all that lives, and of the equaldistribution of His gifts, both in time and in eternity.
于是太阳光就谈到造物主对于一切造物和有生活的东西的无限的爱，和对于一切东西永恒公平合理的分配。 “是的，这不过是你的看法！”
lives:生活
India continues to lag in its bout with taming inflation, opting instead for the "wait and see" approach with regard to implementing another round (s) of tightening.
印度继续在与通胀的斗争回合中处于下风，在实施新一轮收紧政策方面，倾向于选择“观望”态度。
tightening:收紧
A place to carefully calibrate, sanitize and bowdlerize our words for every possible audience, now and forever.
在Facebook上，我们要始终谨慎校准、净化和删改我们对每个可能听众所说的每个词。
calibrate:校准
It builds a roofed bower, complete with moss flooring, and ornaments from the surrounding forests - including fruits, berries, acorns, butterfly wings and deer dung.
它修建一个带有屋顶的的屋舍，连同苔藓地板和从周围的森林里收集的装饰品——有水果、浆果、橡子、蝶翼、鹿粪。
roofed:有屋顶的
Jeff Thompson once bowled a ball that was calculated to be at least 160 kms per hour which makes him the fastest bowler of all time.
杰夫·汤普森的一次保龄球的速度至少在160公里/每小时，这使他成为空前最快的板球投手。
bowled:保龄球
The captain decided to take Snow off and try a slower bowler.
队长决定把斯诺撤下，换一个动作慢一点的投球手尝试一尝试。
try:尝试
However, only 1% of the life forms found in the sea have been properly identified and studied, said Bowler.
然而，只有1%的海洋生命形式得到了正确的识别和研究过。
studied:研究过
In a bowler hat and smoking jacket to portray the world - famous sleuth, Downey (see photo) is reminiscent of another British icon - Charlie Chaplin.
小罗伯特版“福尔摩斯”的圆顶礼帽和抽烟礼服造型（见图），不禁让人联想起英国喜剧大师卓别林。
smoking:抽烟
Melt chocolate and butter in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water. Avoid stirring.
巧克力和黄油放在金属小碗中，置于平底锅中热水慢慢化开。避免搅拌。
stirring:搅拌
His usual appearance is a skeleton dressed in a black pin-striped suit and a bow tie resembling a bat, but there are some points in which he dresses as a scarecrow with a pumpkin for a head.
他一贯的外观是一具骷髅穿著黑色细条纹西装，打著领结象一只蝙蝠，但也有一些观点，他的连衣裙作为一个稻草人与南瓜的头。
dresses:连衣裙
This paper demonstrates the principle of computer controlled output voltage of Boxcar and the basic block diagram of hardware and software in a computer system.
本文介绍了取样积分器输出的微机受控的方法、原理。还介绍了该受控系统的硬件框图和软件的流程图。
controlled:受控
Even a vegan who eats lots of canned and boxed foods is on a very different diet than one who eats only fresh, unprocessed foods.
一种食用大量罐装的和盒装食物的严格素食饮食，跟只吃新鲜的、未经加工的食物的严格素食饮食是完全不同的。
canned:罐装的
The kinds of packaged organic foods that now fuel the category's growth, such as cookies, baked goods, and boxed meals, also benefit from a similar perception of healthfulness.
有打包的有机食品加速了这个领域的增长，如饼干，烘焙食品和盒装餐，此乃得益于类似的健康观点。
packaged:打包
But as the 20th century came in, so into Beijing again did a fresh foreign army, to defend diplomats against the anti- foreign Boxer movement, which Cixi had encouraged.
进入20世纪，清朝爆发一场针对外国人的义和团运动，慈溪曾鼓励这场运动，为保卫外交，一股新的外国军队开进北京。
defend:保卫
She raids my pantry and hauls away all the canned goods to throw into the big box in her school hallway.
她“洗劫”了我的食品储藏室，把所有罐装的都拿走，投进了学校走廊的一个大箱子里。
canned:罐装的
Politicians, pledging to “fight ” for a principle, sometimes hold up boxing gloves as a sign of commitment to cheering supporters.
当政客们发誓要为某一道义“奋斗”时，有时会高举拳击手套作为认捐的标志来鼓舞支持者。
pledging:认捐
The set-top box factory, the set -top box serial number, serial number printed in 5 copies of encrypted stickers bar code label, of which 2 are affixed to the set-top box and the external packing box.
机顶盒出厂前，应将机顶盒序列号、加密的序列号印制成5份不干胶条形码标签，其中2份分别贴在机顶盒和外包装盒上。
encrypted:加密的
Fitted with ebony, rosewood or boxwood three different kinds of sets.
配件有乌木、玫瑰木和黄杨木三种不同已装。
Fitted:已装
While others, like your boyfriend, can take them or leave them because they feel loved in other ways.
而对其他人比如你的男友来说可能就无所谓，因为他们在其他方面感受爱过。
loved:爱过
The impact of a one percent change in deficit / GDP ratios on bond yields averaged 31 bps.
研究结果显示,赤字/GDP比率若变动一个百分比,将对公债收益率平均的造成31个基点的影响.
averaged:平均的
To find related-proteins and to investigate molecular mechanisms of human brain aging and frontotemporal dementia, the proteomics was employed to study aged br.
额颞叶痴呆是老年变性性痴呆的重要类型，但迄今尚没有专门针对额颞叶痴呆的脑蛋白质组学学习。
study:学习
We buy insurance policies to brace ourselves financially, and seek business mentoring to brace ourselves mentally.
我们买保险来支撑我们的经济，并且寻找业务辅导来支持我们的头脑。
mentoring:辅导
No less important to some people are bracken's effects on threatened habitats and on the use of uplands for recreational purposes, even though many appreciate its beauty.
对某些人来说，欧洲蕨对家园的受到威胁和对山地的改造作用同样重要，尽管许多人都欣赏欧洲蕨的美丽。
threatened:受到威胁
When we detect an open bracket, we have found the start of a tag and return the collected characters after we have reversed their sequence.
当检测到一个开括号时，我们就找到了一个标签的开头，并将收集到的字符在颠倒的顺序之后返回。
reversed:颠倒的
Well, the bracket notation means you can index into this variable.
好的，这个括号的意思是你可以,指数这个变量。
index:指数
When Braille was invented, in the 19th century, we had nothing else. We didn ’t even have radio.
“布莱叶点读法发明的时是19世纪”，盲人没有其他阅读方式，甚至连广播都没有。
invented:发明的
Touch Sight does not have an LCD but instead has a lightweight, flexible Braille display sheet which displays a 3D image by embossing the surface, allowing the user to touch their photo.
“触碰景象”没有液晶显示屏，取而代之的是一个轻巧的盲文点字显示板。这个显示板通过表面压印来呈现3D图片，可以使得用户感觉到图片。
touch:触碰
Business owners should do what they do best, constantly evaluate the strengths and potential of the business, and keep their brainchild on track.
公司拥有者应该做最擅长的工作，不断的评价公司的强项和发展潜力，并且不断的进行开发。
evaluate:评价
Severe cases of bacterial meningitis can result in brain damage or death if not treated quickly.
严重的细菌性脑膜炎若没有得到及时处理过的，会导致脑损伤或者脑死亡。
treated:处理过的
Studies with left brain - damaged people show that most speech disorders in males occur in the left / rear hemisphere and mainly in the left /front for females.
对左脑损坏的人员的研究表明，男性中大部分的语言障碍发生在左/后脑上，而女性的语言障碍则大都发生在左/前脑上。
damaged:损坏的
From the legislative level, the clinical brain death to allow patients to achieve during his lifetime a voluntary donation of organs for other seriously ill patients transplanted wishes to implement.
从立法层面允许临床上脑死亡的患者，实现生前自愿捐献器官，为其他重病患者实施移植的的遗愿。
transplanted:移植的
Meanwhile, some point out that the money spent on the part-time stars of academia would make a huge difference to China's underpaid young researchers — and possibly reverse the brain drain.
同时，一些人指出，如果把花在这些兼职教授们身上的钱用在报酬不高的中国青年科学家们身上，这会创造出一种非常不一样的局面——没准还能撤销现在的人才外流。
reverse:撤销
Another phenomenon the site highlights: brainless automated copyright flags on material that isn't actually an infringement at all.
而YouTomb网站指出另一现象：YouTube自动的识别的侵犯版权的内容，实际上并非都有所侵犯。
automated:自动的
We call this one ‘ response latency ’ and it means that, because it takes a lot of brainpower to concoct a lie, there may be a time lag between you asking a question and the other person answering.
我们把这一项叫做“反应潜伏期”，它的意思是：编织谎言需要非常多的脑力，这样，在你的提问和别人的接听之间就会有一段时间滞差。
answering:接听
In 2000, Google began the tradition by telling everyone to sit in front of their computer so that Google could scan their brainwave activity, among other things.
自2000年开始了，谷歌公司在愚人节拿用户“开涮”，那一年，谷歌告诉每位用户只要坐在电脑前，公司就可以扫描到他们的脑电波活动，以及其它的活动。
began:开始了
Four white LEDs on the interface pulse at different frequencies, and the system can use the frequency of the brainwave evoked to determine at which LED the user is staring.
四个白色引领在不同频率上闪烁，系统可以通过脑电波确定是看着哪个频率的led。
LED:引领
By meditating or using brainwave audios such as binaural beats you are able to bypass the conscious mind and work directly with the subconscious mind.
通过沉思或是诸如双耳节拍这样的脑波音频，我们能够绕过意识直接作用于潜意识思想。
meditating:沉思
They tend to be high-speed crashes, because drivers do not brake before crashing, so the risk of death or serious injury is greater.
它们往往是高速撞击，因为驾驶员在撞击之前没有制动，所以死亡或严重伤亡的危险更大。
brake:制动
This is because we need similar skills and knowledge to support that product on each "code branch" -- that is, that development activity related to each product version.
这是因为我们需要相似的提示和知识来支持每一个“编码分支”——与每个产品版本有关的的开发活动——上的产品。
related:有关的
Once you have your company logo developed, it is tempting to branch out and extend it so that it looks different for different purposes.
一旦你有你的公司标志的发达，这是很诱人科列和延伸，以便使它看起来不同，各有其用途。
developed:发达
'The international hotels are still getting the wealthy Chinese and the international travelers. [These hotels] have a clearly defined brand image,' he said.
他称，这些国际酒店仍会吸引中国的有钱人和外国游客入住。它们具有明确定义的的品牌形象。
defined:定义的
If they would do more than show up for press photos, they wouldn't have to spend so much time, money and effort branding themselves … their brand would be self-evident.
如果他们想除了登上新闻图片之外还做些别的，他们也不用花费太多时间，金钱和精力去品牌推广化自己.....他们的品牌推广是不言自明的。
branding:品牌推广
The creative industry, which includes everything from branding to print to websites, is a very big world, and both the freelancer and client should be aware of this fact.
这个创造性的行业包罗万象，包括了从品牌推广到印刷到网站的每件事情。自由职业者和客户都应该意识到这一点。
branding:品牌推广
It may be easy to sneer at the brash commercialism of Valentines day - especially when you will be bombarded with cheap adverts for the preceding two weeks, but don't.
虽然鄙视那些自以为是的情人节广告会比较容易，特别是那种炮击时间连续长达两周的廉价广告，没有必要啦。
bombarded:炮击
The frame itself is made of a dark - stained wood and connected with brass hinges.
框架本身是由一个深色染色的木材和黄铜铰链组成的。
stained:染色的
The city shimmers with fairy lights; shops sell festive fermented fish; a brass band toots out carols from the snow -piled pavement.
城市里闪烁着童话般的灯光；商店出售着专供节日用的发酵的鱼(FermentedFish)；一支铜管乐队在满是积雪的路面上吹奏着圣诞颂歌。
fermented:发酵的
Marching at the head of the parading procession was a brass band.
走在行军队伍前头的是一个铜管乐队。
Marching:行军
Designed for the Sofitel Lyon Bellecour, the project includes a spa, entrance hall, brasserie, restaurants and bars for the five-star hotel.
这个五星级酒店设计的项目包括一个水疗馆、小型餐馆、休闲餐厅、酒吧和入口大厅。
Designed:设计的
French top chef Jean - Francois Piege, left, poses in the kitchen of his brasserie, Le Thoumieux, in Paris, France on Feb. 28.
法国一流厨师让-法朗索‧皮亚杰（左边）二月二十八日在法国巴黎的「图米厄」餐厅的厨房留影。
left:左边
Any of several forms of a European vegetable( Brassica oleracea var. capitata) of the mustard family, having a globose head consisting of a short stem and tightly overlapping green to purplish leaves.
芸苔属甘蓝变种卷心菜），其头部呈球形，由短茎和紧密层叠的绿色到略带紫色的的叶子组成。
purplish:紫色的
Chinese cabbage leaf blade and leaf stalk of Brassica Chinensis systematically infected with Ribgrass Mosaic virus was separately made by the freezing cut transection.
系统感染长叶车前花叶病毒的青菜叶片叶柄分别作冷冻切片，运用免疫酶标技术对叶片叶柄内的病毒进行显色定位。
freezing:冷冻
Any of several forms of a European vegetable (Brassica oleracea var. capitata) of the mustard family, having a globose head consisting of a short stem and tightly overlapping green to purplish leaves.
蓝变种捲心菜），其头部呈球形，由短茎和紧密层叠的绿色到略带紫色的的叶子组成。
purplish:紫色的
Currently, the market and industry of brassiere have rapidly developed with the increase of people's attention.
近年来，随着人们对文胸的关注程度的提高，文胸市场和文胸工业迅猛发达。
developed:发达
Luther, according to the scandal of his monkish enemies, was a brat of that hellish breed; nor was Pearl the only child to whom this inauspicious origin was assigned among the New England Puritans.
根据路德②在教会中那些敌人的谣言，他本人就是那种恶魔的孽种；而在新英格兰的请教徒中闯，有这种可疑血缘的，可不仅仅珠儿一个孩子。
according:根据
This could be because, either user bravo does not know the password or is not authorized, due to not belonging to root's sugroup.
这可能是因为用户bravo不知道密码，或者由于不属于root 用户的子组而没有得到授权的。
authorized:授权的
In March 1954, a massive thermonuclear weapon tested by the United States near Bikini Atoll in the Pacific, codenamed “Bravo ,” detonated with about 2.5 times greater force than anticipated.
1954年三月，美国在位于太平洋的比基尼岛附近试验了一种大规模的热核武器，代号“布拉沃（Bravo）”，其引爆当量比预期结果高了2.5倍。
detonated:引爆
In this demonstration user bravo is not authorized to access root, thus this is a violation.
在这个示例中，用户bravo没有得到访问root 用户的授权的，因此这个操作是违规的。
authorized:授权的
This dubbed version may have lacked the dulcet tones of Alec Guinness and James Earl Jones but that was more than compensated by the bravura performances of the actors playing Chewbacca and R2D2.
这个配音版没有了亚历克·吉尼斯和詹姆斯·厄尔·琼斯的优美悦耳的语音，但是秋巴卡和R2D2的华丽表演也算是不错的补偿的。
compensated:补偿的
This strategy works better with "bread and butter" demands, which are easier to meet than ideological ones.
这种策略性作品对“面包和黄油”的需求更有效，与意识形态方面的要求相比，这类要求更容易被满足。
works:作品
The DPJ has campaigned almost exclusively on bread-and -butter economic issues, appealing to voters who feel the LDP has lost touch with average families.
民主党在竞选的中几乎完全集中在“人民日常生活”的经济问题上，呼吁那些认为自民党脱离了普通家庭的选民投他们的票。
campaigned:竞选的
Bread should not be kept in the fridge as it hardens the bread and bread should be kept in a bread bin or somewhere dry to keep the bread soft.
由于冰箱保存会使面包变硬，所以面包不宜放在冰箱中而是应保存在面包箱中或者其他一些干燥的地方以保持面包的柔软性。
hardens:变硬
The ripe fruit is soft and sweet, while the unripe fruit is harder and starchy, which is where it got the name breadfruit from, as it tastes similar to freshly baked bread when cooked.
成熟的果实又软又甜，而没熟的果实却硬的多。烤的水果之所以得此名是因为，经过烹调之后，口感与新烘烤的烤的一样软嫩可口。
baked:烤的
Coconut palms and breadfruit trees grew at the doors of their huts.
椰子树和面包树就在他们小木屋的门前成长。
grew:成长
Matthew worked in Father ’s dye factory, fortunate to have a job when most of the rest of the town stood on the breadline.
马修在父亲的染厂工作过，镇上多数人都在排队领救济，他很幸运还有份工作过。
worked:工作过
The blades will attach to a drivetrain that does away with many of the moving parts, including the gearbox, that are prone to breakage and energy loss.
风叶直接与动力传动系统连接，甩掉了包括变速箱在内的许多传动部件，后者往往容易产生破损事故或造成能量损失。
breakage:破损
China’s latest rate increase may precede a year in which emerging - market central banks break away from their counterparts in the industrial world by tightening monetary policy.
中国的最近的利率增加可能会先于新兴市场的中央银行，通过收紧的货币政策放弃在工业的合作伙伴。
tightening:收紧
Will the users keep prefering native apps, and the convenience of an App Store, or are they all dreaming to break away from a brutal business model and roam the web with the familiar ads.
消费者会不会继续偏爱原生应用和应用商店的便利？ 抑或消费者其实希望脱离蛮横的收费模式，宁愿接受Web和熟悉的广告？
prefering:偏爱
The example "Agile Kanban" in Figure 5 is a work breakdown, and it works well within the team.
图5中“敏捷看板”的例子是一个作品的分解，它在团队内部作品良好。
works:作品
Enable collection of response time data: Select this option to activate response time breakdown collection.
启用收集响应事件数据：选择这个选项将启用响应时间分解的收集。
activate:启用
"Fifty - percent Decline" means that break-even point will activate the motivation of greed, urging people not to cooperate.
“点五下滑”是指盈亏临界点会启用贪婪动机，使人们倾向于不合作。
activate:启用
That morning at the breakfast table I found a card and a gift - wrapped package at my chair.
“情人节”那天早饭时，在我的椅子了我发现了一张卡片及一份包裹精美的礼物。
wrapped:包裹
Elevator, please wait a moment, you first, please Our breakfast time is 7 to 10:30 in our restaurant in elevator mangrove Mr. Is this your first time to China?
电梯到了，请稍等，你先请本人们的早餐时间是7点到10点30在本人们的红树西餐厅在电梯旁边师长教师你是第一次来中国吗？
mangrove:红树
An apartment on the ground floor isn't as protected as others and there's more chance of a break -in.
一楼的公寓没有其它楼层的受保护多，所以非法侵入机会大。
protected:受保护
If anyone break a hole into a house (break- in to steal), he shall be putto death before that hole and be buried.
如果打破房子利用裂缝强行进入住宅偷，他必须在那个洞前处以死刑和埋葬。
steal:偷
There was a complete break -down in investors' confidence and fear dominates in such record high volatile markets.
投资者信心完全粉碎，害怕冲积在这极度波动市场。
fear:害怕
After months of sending out resumes, you finally break into the working world.
经过几个月简历的投递，你终于闯入了在职的的世界。
working:在职的
Scammers break into accounts posing as friends of users, sending spam that directs them to websites that steal personal information and spread viruses.
作案者扮作用户的好友进入账户，发送骗局信息，引诱他们进入窃取个人信息和传播病毒的网站。
spread:传播
Millions of Internet surfers living in closed societies use free anti- censorship technology to break through online barriers imposed by their authoritarian governments.
数百万活的在封闭社会中的互联网使用者，利用免费的反审查技术，突破极权政府设置的网络屏障。
living:活的
All of you are working on the inner level to bring about a spiritual transformation in your being.
你们全体都在内在层面在职的以为了在你们的存在中带来一个灵性的转变。
working:在职的
Bone, who owns Exact Words with her husband, said a child adopted from a foreign country might bring along school records and other papers that need to be translated for use in America.
波恩和她的丈夫是ExactWords的所有者，她说一个从外国收养的小孩可能带来需要翻译的的学校记录和文件以在美国使用。
translated:翻译的
To bridge the income gap, we must browse the brochure related, brief the reporters on the issue and bring around the policy-makers.
为了缩小收入差距，我们必须浏览有关的的小册子，就这件事给记者们简要地作一介绍，并且还要说服那些决策者们。
related:有关的
Our prevention strategy was such a mess for such a long time that I felt sure we could bring down infection rates at a faster pace now that we’re working at it.
我们的预防策略在这么长的时间里竟然一团糟。我很肯定在当前更快的在职的节奏下，我们会降低感染率，我们正努力提高在职的节奏。
working:在职的
To study and investigate the development tendencies of banking industry and major issue in reform; to formulate reform programs for banking industry and bring forward related policy suggestions.
学习调查银行业的发展趋势，改革中的重大问题，制定银行业改革方案，提出政策建议。
study:学习
To study and bring forward suggestions on the administration of fiscal affairs of the agricultural sector.
学习提出农业行业财务管理工作的指导意见。
study:学习
"We share a desire to have our community thrive, improve the arts and culture, find ways to bring in more jobs," Moore said in an interview.
“我们有一个共同愿望：希望社区蓬勃发展，增进艺术和文化发展，找到办法增加更多的工作机会，”摩尔在一次访谈中说。
thrive:蓬勃发展
These they have to bring into play by means of a single motive power, and cause to act in concert.
他们不得不凭借唯一的动力把它们发动起来，并使之协调行为。
act:行为
Usually, feet bring off hyperborean and a wettest passion may appear as felt.
通常情况下，双脚带来了心肠和最潮湿的激情可能出现的毛毡。
felt:毛毡
Yoga exercises are designed to resolve internal tensions (Samskaras) and thus bring out the inner happiness.
瑜珈练习的设计的用于解除内心紧张，这样才能实现内在的幸福。
designed:设计的
They'll bring over that line of thinking and give Rails 3 a tested and documented API for extensions that won't break willy-nilly with upgrades.
他们要向人们证明其想法并向Rails3提供一个经过测试过且文档化良好的API以进行扩展，这样插件就不会因升级而崩溃。
tested:测试过
You can bring through pies and cakes, though cranberry sauce, jams, gravy, and other liquid or jellied foods are restricted to 3.4 ounces.
你可以携带派或蛋糕，但酸梅酱、果酱、卤肉和其他液体的或凝胶状食物还是要遵从3.4盎司的受限制的的。
restricted:受限制的
Each time people bring up the same memory, those related fragments and circuits become stronger.
每当人们提到同样的记忆，有关的的片段和回路就会变得更强。
related:有关的
The reason they seize on the appearance and brush aside the essence in their observation of things is that they have not made a scientific analysis of the essence of the overall situation.
所以有这种抢占表面抛弃实质的观察，是因为他们对于一般情况的实质并没有科学地加以分析。
seize:抢占
Cool the cake completely, brush away the crumbs, and frost it, reserving a portion of the icing for decorating.
将蛋糕完全冷却，刷掉碎屑，在上面撒上糖霜，留下一些糖霜做装潢。
decorating:装潢
We study improvement and brush up dash speed from the step frequency.
前人对改进、提高短跑速度从步频、步幅、后蹬、摆动上都做了详细的学习。
study:学习
School Brush Up to now, Microsoft and RIM have not commented on this.
截至目前，微软和RIM都还没有就此发表评论了。
commented:评论了
Take your time when you're pouring and stopping in between, because the sugar reacts to champagne and we don't want it to bubble over.
在倒酒时要慢慢来，并且要经常停顿，因为糖会与香槟反应，我们不想把气泡弄得到处都是。
bubble:气泡
Chill it well. The warmer the Champagne, the higher the chance it'll bubble over when opened.
保持冷藏。香槟温度越高，开瓶时出现气泡的机会就越大。
bubble:气泡
Psychologists then analysed the importance of each factor to build up profiles of an ideal marriage and a nightmare couple.
之后，心理学家对每个因素的重要性进行了分析了，然后构造出理想夫妻和“噩梦”夫妻的大致模式。
analysed:分析了
You have to build up a culture of cooperation, complete some successful projects quickly, with low risk, and high perceived business value.
你必须建立起合作的文化氛围，快速地完成一些成功的项目，带来低风险和高察觉到的业务价值“。
perceived:察觉到
Agile teams need good analytical skills so that requirements can be quickly prioritized, enabling accurate estimates of iterations and burn down charts.
敏捷团队需要良好的分析技能来快速明确需求的优先的，并能够精确预测迭代和燃尽图。
prioritized:优先的
We hire "stars," only to watch them burn out in a new and different managerial environment.
我们聘请“明星管理员”仅仅只为了看他们在新的及不同的管理环境中烧毁自己。
hire:聘请
We also do have a strong development slate of other feature films in development. Our Broadcast department is working on a lot of children’s television work … so the studio is quite busy at the moment!
还有一系列大的电影计划也提上了日程，我们的广播节目部正在进行大量的儿童电视节目在职的……所以说现在在职的室是相当忙的！
working:在职的
But for my grocery store, I decided to loop through several simulations, each one corresponding to a day of business.
但对于我的食品杂货店，我决定通过几次模拟进行环形，每次对应于某一天的业务。
loop:环形
"I ride a bicycle to interviews," he says. "I set the temperature of my room at above 28 C. I refuse to buy over - packaged products."
“我骑上自行车去会面，”他说：“我把房间的温度设置在28度以上，我拒绝买过分打包的产品。”
packaged:打包
"I ride a bicycle to interviews," he says. "I set the temperature of my room at above 28 C. I refuse to buy over- packaged products."
“我骑自行车来会客， ”他说。 “我把家里的室温设置在28c以上。我拒绝购买过度打包的产品。”
packaged:打包
Tech companies are spending billions of dollars to buy up patents — not to drive innovation, but to defend themselves from potential lawsuits.
技术公司花费数以亿计的美元来购买专利——而非驾驶创新，只是在防范潜在的诉讼。
drive:驾驶
Slow down too. Don't take action on an idea for a week and see if it still seems like a great idea after the initial buzz wears off.
要慢的下来.对一个想法不采取行动,过一个礼拜,当初期的嗡嗡声在耳边渐渐平息时，看看它似乎仍是一个很好的想法。
Slow:慢的
Fear is like a toxic poison – it seems you can’t get rid of it by any means and it prevents you from living the life you always wanted to live.
惧怕就好像毒药-看起来你无论如何也摆脱不了，而且恐惧使你无法完成你所想要的活的。
living:活的
I closed my eyes again and saw the house where I had once foolishly loved rise up before me, resurrecting itself by degrees, the forsythias first.
我重又闭上眼，看到了曾经滋生我那荒谬的爱过的房子呈现在眼前，先是连翘，然后是渐渐掘起的房子。
loved:爱过
Since it is thread safe by design, you might cache it in a public static final variable, or wrap it in a singleton pattern after creation for later access.
因为根据设计它是线程安全的，创建它之后可以把它缓存在一个公共静态最终变量中，或者裹在单实例模式中以供以后访问。
wrap:裹
If you work by fits and starts, you will never achieve much.
如果你只凭一时高兴去工作，那末你永远不会有多大达到。
achieve:达到
He failed to get a fixed job, but went here and there working by fits and starts.
他只是断断续续地一会儿在这儿干，一会又在那儿干，从没有一份固定的的工作。
fixed:固定的
Aiming at solving the defects of exported Plast - Ripple - Duct tensile tester such as including all technical rules by halves and operating very complexly, the longitudinal tensile fixtures is improved.
针对原塑料波纹管拉伸试验装置既不能完全覆盖引进的技术规定又操作特别繁琐、复杂的状况，对其纵向拉伸载荷夹具进行了改善。
improved:改善
This would mean diets with less saturated fat and fewer premature deaths caused by heart disease, they write.
他们指出这样就降低了饮食中的饱和的脂肪酸和由心脏疾病导致的婴幼儿夭折。
saturated:饱和的
Supported by land holdings and the promises of officials, such firms found plenty of obliging banks during the recent lending spree.
这些公司以土地储备和官员担保为支持的，在最近的贷款狂潮中获得了银行的大量慷慨贷款。
Supported:支持的
and as the MPs' expenses scandal illustrates, it can be dangerous to trust power -hungry elected officials, who lack the security provided by land ownership and immense wealth.
而共和政府的在开支、人才等方面的丑闻也说明其局限性,它可能会是强力官员之间的相信危机,或者在地产所有者和巨大的财富之下低头。
trust:相信
For each of these records, we will extract the fields by name and store each of the values in a hash keyed on the field name.
对于这其中的每条记录，都将按名称提炼字段并将每个字段值存储到与字段名关联的散列中。
extract:提炼
She talked to Elizabeth again and again; coaxed and threatened her by turns.
她一遍又一遍地说服伊丽莎白，一忽儿哄骗，一忽儿受到威胁。
threatened:受到威胁
It's a portrait, by turns chilling, thrilling, mysterious and terrifying, of a woman who refuses to be terrorized.
它是一幅肖像，是当环境变得阴冷肃杀、令人震颤、神秘和恐吓，一个拒绝被恐吓的女子的肖像。
terrorized:恐吓
Comrades working on the newspapers should go out by turns to take part in mass work, in land reform work for a time; that is very necessary.
报社的同志应当轮流出去参加一个时期的群众在职的，参加一个时期的土地改革在职的，这是很必要的。
working:在职的
These qualities of service are provided by way of leveraging the underlying application server upon which the component is deployed.
这些服务质量是通过利用在其上部署组件的潜在的应用服务器这一方法提供的。
underlying:潜在的
By way of example, imagine that you have worked in operations at a widget manufacturer.
举例说明，想象你曾在一家零件制造商从事业务操作的工作过。
worked:工作过
By way of these connections, neurons both send and receive varying quantities of energy.
通过这种连结方式，神经可以收发变化的数量的能量。
varying:变化的
Don ’t answer your cell phone when working on something important. Call back later.
如果手头的在职的很重要，在职的期间不要接电话，回头再打过去就是了。
working:在职的
Some turn on the meaning of federal law. The others call for interpreting the Constitution.
有些案件涉及联邦法律的含义，另一些则需要对宪法作出口译。
interpreting:口译
You can think of a long - running process as a workflow process; it may wait for an external event to happen, or call upon one or more people to perform a task.
您可以将长时间运行的流程视为工作流流程；它可能会等待外部事件发生，或呼叫一个或多个人员履行任务。
perform:履行
Canners can can what they can can but can not can things can't be canned 。
罐装的工人能够把他们能做成罐装的的东西制成罐装的，但是不能把无法制成罐装的的东西制成罐装的。
canned:罐装的
Because researchers in London have developed technology to cancel out the drill's unpleasant high-pitched whine.
因为伦敦的研究人员已经开发了一种技术来抵消讨厌的牙钻投球哀鸣。
pitched:投球
He had lunched with the Wellands, hoping afterward to carry off May for a walk in the Park.
他与韦兰一家一起吃的午餐，指望饭后带着梅到公园去散散步。
lunched:午餐
Yet they carry on working, for it is the work they have chosen.
但他们继续在职的，因为这是他们选择的在职的。
working:在职的
If you read a news story that relates back to a discussion from work, email the link directly to your co -worker so that the next time you see him you can carry on the discussion.
如果你读到了一篇与工作中的一次讨论涉及的新闻报道，那么就将其地址直接发送给你的同事，这样下次见面你们就能继续讨论下去了。
relates:涉及
Repeat steps 1 - 2 for each additional parameter that you wish to carry over.
对于希望传递的每个参数，重复脚步1 和2。
steps:脚步
Experts worry that such opportunities to cash in on real estate will give rise to rickety construction projects and badly designed urban planning.
专家们担心过多的资金涌入房地产业，会增加劣质建筑项目和城市建筑中粗制滥造设计的的数量。
designed:设计的
The kernel of discussion on several technological problems about low pressure cast with metal mould for large aluminium castings is how to bring advantages of crystallization under pressure into play.
对大型铝铸件金属型低压投掷几个工艺问题探讨，其核心是发挥低压投掷工艺增压结晶的优势。
cast:投掷
Ye shall defile also the covering of thy graven images of silver, and the ornament of thy molten images of gold: thou shalt cast them away as a menstruous cloth;
你雕刻偶像所包的银子和投掷偶像所镀的金子，你要玷污，要抛弃，好象污秽之物；
cast:投掷
So we're left cast up on the sharp - edged shingly shores of realism.
我们行走在边缘的锋利的碎石岸边的现实环境中。
edged:边缘的
In a related experiment young bonobos were slower to catch on when a formerly generous person stopped handing out fruit-- more evidence Wobber says that their social inhibition develops later.
在另一个有关的的实验中，原先前那个宽容的人停止提供食品时，年轻的巴诺布猿理解的就比较迟缓。沃伯说，这就进一步证明它们的社会约束能力发展比较晚。
related:有关的
The opposite would be to capitalize the cost and charge it off through some depreciation schedule.
与此相反的处理方法是将一笔成本大写，这时就要通过某种折旧方案来逐步冲销。
capitalize:大写
The reader controlled by the single chip of 89C51 is able to identify automatically the number and style of the vehicles and charge with the long-distance electric tags by programmed operating orders.
由以89C51单片机为核心受控器的读写受控装置，实施指令操作，采取射频自动识别车号、车型，远距离电子标签卡收费。
controlled:受控
In order to study effects of convection and radiation on unstable temperature field of rocket charge with annular clearance in the interior, the charge temperature field was simulated.
为了研究对流和辐射对内含环形空气间隙的某火箭发射装药的非稳态温度场的影响，对装药温度场进行了数值模拟的。
simulated:模拟的
Otherwise you may want to check in with a hormone specialist soon.
否则的话，你大概需要在近期预约激素专家做查看。
check:查看
To understand more about the science behind this we need to check in with the people who study the brain.
为了对这背后所隐藏的科学理论有更多的理解，我们需要与研究人类大脑的科学家们进行沟通。
understand:理解
Write down, clearly, what needs to happen in order for you to check off your project as “finished ”.
明白地写下来要发生地，以便能让你核对你的计划的“完成的”。
finished:完成的
On the other, it can make you feel terrible if you don’t check off every box by the end of the day.
另一方面，也会让你觉得一天快完的时候没有查看事务表心里就会不安。
check:查看
Have them check off or erase each item once it's completed.
做查看或者完成一项擦掉一项。
check:查看
Write down, clearly, what needs to happen in order for you to check off your project as “finished ”. Feel free to share this with us in the comments.
明白地写下来要发生地，以便能让你核对你的计划的“完成的”。随时告诉我们意见。
finished:完成的
Most doctors order one between 16 and 20 weeks to check on the development of the baby, verify fetal age, and screen for certain birth defects.
许多医生会在16周到20周之间安排一次超声波测验来检查婴儿的发展情况，核实胎儿的年龄、甄别特定的先天缺陷。
verify:核实
On Sunday, Mubarak defended himself in a pre - recorded message saying he had not abused his authority, and investigators were welcome to check over his assets.
周日，穆巴拉克以从前的信息记录的为自己辩护，说自己并未滥用权力，并欢迎对他的资产进行调查。
recorded:记录的
Article 4 The People's Bank of China and the branches thereof shall conduct supervision and check over financial institutions' report of transactions suspicious of financing for terrorist purposes.
第四条中国人民银行及其分支机构对金融机构报告涉嫌恐怖融资的可疑交易的情况进行监督、查看。
check:查看
Annual Check over mining enterprisesmeans great. some works for fulfilling the task better in annual Check, must be done. The works require qualified personnal, economy and technique.
论述了矿山企业实施年检的重要意义及更好完成年检应抓好的几项作品，并对年检提出了人员、经济、技术要求。
works:作品
My friend can check over the paper for me for any mistakes.
我朋友可以帮我查看报告中的错误。
check:查看
And once she's there her parents check up on her periodically.
而且她的父母会对她进行定期的查看。
check:查看
Be easy to check up on and find in an emergency.
以便于跟进查看和及时发现紧急情况。
check:查看
The seller should check up the goods according to the demand of buyer. And the seller should sent the test report and quality certificate to the buyer.
卖方应根据买方的要求，对合同产品进行检验，并将检验报告、合格证等提供给买方。
according:根据
If you're over age 40, haven't exercised for some time or have health problems, it's a good idea to check with your doctor before starting any new exercise program.
如果你已经超过40岁，并有一段时间没有做过运动或者有一些健康问题，那么在开始一个新的行使项目前最后和医生商议一下。
exercised:行使
Keeping physically active is key to a healthy lifestyle. But sometimes it's best to check with your doctor before you start to exercise.
让身体保持锻炼对于健康的生活方式来说是至关重要的。但有时最好在开始锻炼之前与你的医生协商。
exercise:锻炼
Check the label on your carseat and also check with your airline to make sure that yours will meet FAA regulations.
查看婴儿车上的商标以及与航空公司联系，确保你的物品符合美国联邦航空局的规定。
check:查看
The following molecule are in 3D structure. You can view it with the Chime Plug in.
下列的的分子结构是以3d立体模型显示，你可用Chime观看。
following:下列的
People can also cause a blockage when they try to clean out their ears, but only push the wax deeper inside.
一些人还可能造成人为的栓塞。他们对耳部进行干净的，反而使耳垢更加深入。
clean:干净的
To clean up the air, California is the only state in the U .S. to require all ships to use low- sulfur fuel when they are within 44 kilometers of the shore.
为了干净的空气，加利福尼亚规定所有船只，在驶进距离岸边44公里范围内时，必须使用低含硫量燃料。美国各州中只有加州是这么规定的。
clean:干净的
When you get back to work, remind yourself what you want to be working on, and clear away all distractions.
当你重新回到在职的岗位的时候，不要忘了你想要完成的任务，屏除心中的杂念。
working:在职的
It is best not to do that, but when experimenting, these things can happen, and they can be difficult to clear up.
最好不要这样做，但在试验过程中，这些情况有可能发生，而且清除起来相当困难。
experimenting:试验
These are the lifeblood of the Barba people living in the villages that cling to every mountain top.
依附着山顶生长的这些橄榄树是活的在巴尔拜村庄的人们的活的来源。
living:活的
An alternative to canceling your checkout is to contact your P8 administrator and request that he or she temporarily increase the limit that caused the storage area to close in the first place.
除了取消签出外，还有一种方法是预先与P8管理员接触，请求他/她临时增加限制值，避免存储区域转换关闭。
contact:接触
In July, when one of her two remaining clients forgot about a meeting — and then blamed Ms. Kero for not reminding her about it — she decided to close up shop.
在2010年七月，当她公司仅剩的两个客户之一忘记了某个会议，指责卡瑞女士没有提醒她（有会议）时，她决定关掉自己的店。
blamed:指责
Importantly, they coincide with the delivery of the most critical artifacts and, therefore, can and must be used to construct project plans and make "go / no - go" project decisions.
重要的是，它们与最关键的工件的交付重合，因此可以并且必须用于构建项目计划并作出“去/不去”的项目决策。
coincide:重合
This can come about only through the activism of the internal process group, which must form solid working relationships with the leaders and managers of major initiatives.
这只有通过内部过程小组的行动才能产生，而这必须要求在领导者和主要活动经理之间建立牢固的在职的关系。
working:在职的
I think that university students who study Camus should come at the content from the outside, not from the point of university research.
我想，那些学习加缪的大学生们应该从外界寻找思想的内容，而不是从经院里的学习成果之中。
study:学习
This has definitely come at a cost of strength. Anyone I have known who has worked with adult great apes has immense respect for their relative advantage in strength contests.
这当然以失去力量为代价，我认识的任何一个在工作过中接触过成年类人猿的人，都对他们的这个亲戚在力量竞赛上的优势充满敬意。
worked:工作过
But the prices of wheat, corn and soyabean are all high, so any big shift towards one crop will come at the expense of the others.
但小麦，玉米和黄豆的价格都高，因此任何大的转变耕种作物的动作都会使农民为另一种作物牺牲。
soyabean:黄豆
It is worth noting, however, that FedEx's earnings have come up short of analysts' estimates in three of the past four quarters.
不过，值得注意到的是，过去四个季度中，有三个季度FedEx的收益都不及分析人士的预期。
noting:注意到
She said he should be recognized for those steps even if they fall short of what angry protesters in the streets of Cairo are demanding and will not alone produce free and fair elections.
她说，即使这些措施没有达到开罗街上那些愤怒的示威者的苛刻的，即使单单这些措施不能保证公正自由的选举，他的这些措施也应该得到认可。
demanding:苛刻的
These are only two examples of the many times lab workers accidentally come in contact with dangerous compounds and diseases as a direct result of experimenting on animals.
这仅仅是为做动物试验诸多试验室人员意外接触危险化合物及疾病中的两例。
experimenting:试验
Instead of living your life on autopilot, letting any and all thoughts come into your mind, consciously feed your mind positive input.
不能放任你的活的，任由所有的想法跑到你脑海你。你要有意识地往头脑里灌输积极的东西。
living:活的
Drug and Device – The generation called ’ 79 and after ’ has come of age in a time of rising prosperity and standards of living.
药品和设备--79及以后的这一代人赶上了一个经济不断繁荣活的水平不断提高的时代。
living:活的
George Osborne, Britain’s new chancellor of the exchequer who is readying his country for fiscal frugality, crowed that the G20 had come round to his way of thinking.
英国新的财政大臣乔治·奥斯本正在为其国家的财政节俭作准备中，得意洋洋地表示20国集团转而接受了他的想法。
readying:准备中
She dreamed of a different life but ended up living in a country far away from the city where she believed her dreams would have come true.
她梦想有一个不同的活的，可惜这个梦想却只能在远离城市的乡村中破碎得无影无踪，而城市才是她坚信可以让她实现梦想的所在。
living:活的
The trees come up to my window like the yearning voice of the dumb earth.
绿树长到了我的窗前，仿佛是喑哑的大地发出的向往的声音。
yearning:向往
How do you use data binding, what APIs are your favorites, and have you come up with any creative uses of data binding technology in your applications?
如何使用数据捆绑，您最喜欢使用哪一种API，是否想出了数据捆绑技术在应用程序中的一些创造性用法？
binding:捆绑
Even when it is something they didn’t personally commit to but rather something their boss expects from them their commitment is usually stronger.
当她们的老板把什么事情寄希望于她们时，即便她们没有亲自作出什么犯罪，但她们的犯罪却通常会更强。
commit:犯罪
Do you want a volunteer job with flexibility, like working at a soup kitchen, or can you commit to something long term, like becoming a Big Brother?
你是想要一份有弹性的义务在职的，比如在厨房帮忙，还是你能承诺做一些长期的在职的，比如当个直属师兄？
working:在职的
In the course of being yourself you ’ll say something without thinking, forget to pick up something from the store, or complain about your day without asking about your partner ’s.
在做你自己的过程中，你会不经过思维说一些话，忘记在商店买一些东西，或者不问爱人过得如何只是抱怨你的今天过得糟糕。
thinking:思维
Literally. They complain of stores where employees can't speak English, restaurants with no translated menus and especially businesses with signs that have nary a word of English.
他们抱怨说，很多商店的雇员不会说英语，餐厅的菜单没有经过翻译的，尤其是很多商家的招牌上连一个英文单词也没有。
translated:翻译的
Efforts should be made to partner with or link only to other websites that comply with the same high standards as the home site, including policies on privacy and advertising.
与其他网站合作或仅有关联关系时，应采取必要的措施以遵从与主站点同样的高标准，包括隐私保护和广告的相关政策。
link:关联
I will not attempt to conceal from you that our patience is becoming strained.
我不想对诸位隐藏，我们的忍耐已经到了很勉强的地步。
conceal:隐藏
And that is what we have to be concerned about, because we cannot continue to finance this system and pursue a policy which endangers us.
这就是我们不得不关心的事情，因为我们无法继续在经济上支撑这个帝国，无法继续推行会给自己带来危害的政策。
endangers:危害
Some of the audience was visibly concerned with this idea, either assuming they did not have the expertise to perform such a task, or that it wasn't their responsibility to begin with.
有一些听众显然很关心这个思想，有的人可能不具备履行这项任务的专业技能，或者开始这项任务的履行并不是他们的责任。
perform:履行
A good listener is not only someone that people want to be around, to confide in, to trust, but someone who knows how to use listening to benefit him - or her -self.
一位好的倾听者，不仅仅只是人们想围着他，向他倾诉，值得相信的人，他也知道，通过倾听别人的话能使自己受益良多。
trust:相信
Most inter-provincial trade flows are evidently coast - oriented, especially in terms of manufacturing products which almost entirely confine to the coastal core areas nearby.
从空间流向上看，省际贸易具有明显的沿海导向的，特别是制成品贸易，主要集中于临近的沿海经济核心区。
oriented:导向的
Domestic scholars suggest ways and means for the rejuvenation of the Northeast one after another, however, confine to more strategic aspects, study to the concrete operation mode very few.
国内学者纷纷为东北之复兴献计献策，但是，多局限于战略层面，对于具体的操作方式学习还不够充分。
study:学习
How to evaluate the benefit of university libraries correctly and perform optimal control, and to promote the level, is the problem that most university libraries confront with.
恰当评价高校图书馆的办馆效益并进行优化控制，达到促进综合服务水平的提高，是高校图书馆面临的问题。
evaluate:评价
It is connected to everyone in his learning, working and living that we must confront with the various educational -level examination and qualification certificate.
考试是衡量考生知识和能力的重要手段，各种各样的学历考试、资格证书考试与每个人学习、在职的、生活息息相关。
working:在职的
"You shall have it all, to- morrow and every day, I do not want it," replied Heidi, giving ready consent to his demand.
“你可以把它们都拿去，明天，每天，我不需要它，”海蒂回复，好不犹豫的同意了他的要求。
replied:回复
In addition to providing supplementary informal content with guidance, you can use categories to organize and index your content presentation, as shown in Figure 14.
除了用指导来增补非正式的内容，你可以像图14一样使用分类来组织和指数你的陈述内容。
index:指数
This process can contribute to subsequent Attribute or Data Gap Analyses in mapping data sources against target model through the defined terms.
这个过程有助于在后面的属性或数据差异分析中通过定义的的术语将数据源映射到目标模型。
defined:定义的
And so she ran on, till I dropped endeavouring to convince her of her mistake.
她就这样滔滔不绝地说着，到后来我只好放弃了使她觉悟到她的错误的努力的。
endeavouring:努力的
China is trying carefully to cool down its feverish growth, saying it will increase interest rates and force banks to raise more capital.
中国正在小心翼翼地设法冷却经济发烧般的增长，说它将提高利率和力量银行筹集更多资本。
force:力量
You do not need to have a connection with the database to interact with the analysis results, which are labeled to correspond with the figure numbers in this article.
您无需连接数据库来与分析结果互动，这些分析结果在本文中被标记的上相应的数字号码。
labeled:标记的
The READ consists of the file handle, state, offset, and count for the read.
READ包含文件句柄、状态、偏移、和读取数数。
count:数数
In one week, we ’ll take these numbers and use some techniques to carefully evaluate what they really mean – and how you can make them count for more than you think.
在一周内，我们会关注这些数字并用一些技术手段来细心的评价它们到底意味着什么-和你怎么才能更好的弄清楚它们。
evaluate:评价
The count in Table 1 has been approximated somewhat since I experimented a bit with my code.
由于我对代码进行了一些试验过，表1 中的计数是近似的。
experimented:试验过
The teacher told the children to count off from right to left.
教师叫孩子们自右向左边报数。
left:左边
The main functions are: index inquire, register, delete, modify, count up, catalogue, display and print cards and all kinds of forms etc, and administer files of science and technology.
它的主要功能是对科技档案进行检案，登记，删除，调整，统计，编目和打印各种报表等，对科技档案进行科学管理。
modify:调整
The number and variety of tools for prototyping is far beyond what I can cover in this space.
用于进行原型制作设计的工具的数量和种类非常之多，我无法在这里一一介绍。
prototyping:原型制作
For the performance tests I'll cover in Part 2, I generated code using each of these data binding frameworks.
对于将在第 2部分中讨论的性能测试，我用每一种数据捆绑框架来生成代码。
binding:捆绑
After all, this country is at its core inclusive, crazy about sports and eager to win.
毕竟，这个国家底子里对体育的态度是包容且疯狂的，美国人是如此渴望赢。
win:赢
Zegna is having to fight for retail space in China as the landscape has become increasingly crowded with other luxury fashion brands deepening their ambitions and making further inroads.
随着其他豪华时尚品牌加大开拓中国市场的力度，试图进一步打入中国市场，杰尼亚必须要经过一番斗争，才能在越来越拥挤的中国奢侈品市场赢得零售空间。
fight:斗争
You've never seen a Vette like this. It's designed to burn rubber and crush any car that comes up against it on the drag strip.
你从未见到过这样的克尔维特，被设计成烧伤橡皮而且压破在拖曳脱去上对付它的任何车。
burn:烧伤
The machine is made up of feeding material part and crush part. Its configuration is very briefness, all the part which contact the material are made of stainless steel.
本机由加料机构及压碎机构组成。结构简单，清洗方便，与物料接触部分全部采用不锈钢制造。
crush:压碎
The machine is made up of feeding material part and crush part.
该机广泛适用于制药、食品、化工等行业各种物料的压碎。
crush:压碎
He says Adios, says Adios, and do you know why she won't break down and cry?
他说道：再会吧，再会吧，你知道为何她没有伤心，没有哭？
cry:哭
It made me want to cry for happiness, like a beautiful sunset or a boys ’ choir singing Christmas carols ’.
那声音让我快乐的想哭，就好像美丽的日落或是男孩唱诗班唱歌圣诞颂歌。
singing:唱歌
I didn't have any obvious close father- daughter memories to cling to and mull and cry over.
没有强烈的父女亲情让我感到依恋，纠结和哭。
cry:哭
There is no regret medicine in the world. Don't cry over spilled milk.
世界上没有后悔药，不要为打翻的牛奶哭。
cry:哭
If you cry over every disappointing thing that happens to you then you may need to have your estrogen levels checked.
如果你对发生在你身上所有不幸的事都忍不住哭的话，那你该检查一下你雌性激素的水平了。
cry:哭
Rice, herself a former ice - skating champion, joked that it was 10 years since she last put on her skates and cut a figure on the ice.
曾经是溜冰冠军的赖斯开玩笑说，她已有十年没碰溜冰鞋了。
skating:溜冰
They also found that things didn't get better when teens who were working more than 20 hours a week cut back their hours or stopped working altogether.
他们还发现当那些一周在职的超过20小时的学生削减他们的在职的时间或者是完全停止在职的时，事情并没有变好。
working:在职的
Cut down on the amount of energy and time you spend working.
砍掉那些你花在在职的上的时间与精力。
working:在职的
Late last month, the teacher cut off contact with the news media, saying officials had threatened her safety and that of her family if she continued to speak out.
上月末，这名教师中断了与新闻媒体的联系，说官员们已经在受到威胁，如果她继续说，她及家人的安全就要受到受到威胁。
threatened:受到威胁
The US has made some concessions, but has also threatened to cut off economic and military support.
美国也做出了一些让步，但依然以切断经济和军事援助作为受到威胁。
threatened:受到威胁
He had said more than once that he wasn't cut out to be the brave one, the one who would inspire everybody to walk away from a visit with him feeling uplifted, shaking their heads in wonder.
他不止一次说过他生来就不是个勇者，不可能让来探望他的每个人离开时都受到启发，感到振奋，摇着头觉得不可思议。
inspire:启发
American diplomats will point out to China that by putting a curb on Mr Kim they could help the United States reassure its ally, Japan, and help damp down any alarming talk of its rearming.
美国外交官员会观点明著说，中国约束金日成，有助于美国安抚盟友日本，并且扑灭任何引起军备重整的危险言论。
point:观点
The process of accumulation and dissipation of extra - static pore water pressure in fine - grained mud layer of tailings fill dam constructed by up- stream method is analysed.
本文对上游法修筑的尾矿坝的细粒泥层内超静孔隙水压力的积累和消散过程进行了分析了。
analysed:分析了
The numerical computation of the result of vertical - horizontal combined seepage draining system of tailings dam built by up - stream method was studied.
对上游法尾矿坝垂直水平联合排渗系统，排渗效果的数值计算进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
A combined measure of paving compound film on the upstream surface of dam and setting up vertical anti- seepage in dam foundation is adopted to treat leakage.
因此一般采用上游坝面铺设复合土工膜和坝基垂直防渗措施进行防渗漏对待。
treat:对待
In order to protect the minority people from flood disaster and keep them living well, he invested RMB 38 million yuan to support Wuzhishan city to build 3.6 km long dam to hold up flood.
为让少数民族活的稳定不再遭受洪水灾害，鈡保家先生先后投资3800多万人民币协助五指山市建设防水拦坝工程3.6公里；
living:活的
In the time before we are so powerless, the only left on just the eye springs, and we have no regrets of the oath, I hope day after day, year after year, when I re- turn to this page, people still.
在时间面前我们是如此的无力，唯一能留下的，就只是那眼泉水和我们曾经无悔的誓言，但愿日复一日，年复一年，当我关于-翻到这一页时，人心依旧。
re-:关于-
I know it's not natural: living in steel buildings, wearing the same suits, driving the same cars day after day.
我知道这种活的方式不自然：住在钢铁建筑中、穿同样的衣服、日复一日开同样的汽车。
living:活的
My father was a person who was living in the shadow of my resentment, day in and day out. What is it like to have an unforgiving son?
我父亲是一个活的在我怨恨的阴影里进进出出的一个人.有一个不可原谅的儿子将像什么?
living:活的
An attention map is more effective than a prioritized list because it helps determine how much space to dedicate to each goal on the page.
注意力地图是一个更有效的优先的名单，因为它有助于确定在每个目标页面上分配多少空间。
prioritized:优先的
We may delight in the temporal justice shown to evildoers, but leave the final justice to God.
我们可以为暂时的公义在恶人身上彰显感到喜，但是要把最后的公义留给上帝。
delight:喜
Although the use of singletons supported the reuse goals of the project, this pattern caused all code to be dependent on particular instances of cross- cutting concern classes.
虽然独立模式可对项目的重用目标提供支持的，但该模式会导致所有代码对横切关注点类的特殊实例产生依赖性。
supported:支持的
Should whether and how we lie depend on the culture we are working in?
是否应该和如何撒谎是否取决于我们的在职的文化？
working:在职的
Q: Why is the hypothesized object dubbed "Tyche ," and why choose a Greek name when the names of other planets derive from Roman mythology?
问：为什么假设的中的天体名为“命运女神”，为什么要选择一个希腊名称，而其他行星的名称是来自罗马神话的？
hypothesized:假设的
Upon the experience of intense sadness, the hosts become enraged and descend upon the dancers, grabbing lit torches to burn them to avenge the suffering and pain the hosts have been made to feel.
经历到强烈的悲哀，主客们开始被激怒，走近舞者，抓起燃着的火炬扔向他们来让这些人也感受下他们“被感受”的折磨以及疼痛。
pain:疼痛
Some revert to the letter of the gospel law: Since these people have heard the literal words of the gospel and refused to name the Name, they are destined for hell.
一些回复的信福音:因为这些法律人都听过福音的直译的话,拒绝的姓名叫什么,它们都是注定下地狱的。
name:姓名
She thinks there's a critical period in early childhood when the lack of sleep is particularly detrimental to development, even if sleep habits improve later on.
她认为，幼童时期中存在一个关键阶段，在这一阶段缺乏睡眠对孩子的成长尤为不利，即使他们今后的睡眠习惯有所提升也无法补救。
improve:提升
If you want to achieve something, you must have time to devote to your projects and have enough money to live according to your goals.
如果你想得到什么，必须有时间投入项目，并有足够物质条件根据自己的目标生活。
according:根据
About 25% of adults who become chronically infected during childhood later die from liver cancer or cirrhosis (scarring of the liver) caused by the chronic infection.
在儿童时期获得慢性已感染的成人中，约25%会因慢性已感染死于肝癌或肝硬化（肝脏上的疤痕）。
infected:已感染
Every day, 1500 women die from pregnancy - or childbirth - related complications.
每天有1500名妇女死于妊娠或分娩有关的的并发症。
related:有关的
And again we make the same compelling humanitarian appeal: how can we morally afford to let so many people suffer and die from easily preventable or treatable causes?
我们再一次发出相同的强烈人道主义呼吁：道义怎能够允许我们让如此多的人遭受遭受并轻易死于可预防或可治疗的原因？
suffer:遭受
With its shell damaged, the roach will soon die of dehydration.
随着它的外壳损坏的，小强会很快死于脱水。
damaged:损坏的
Contraction of front and side parts as cells die off was observed in some subjects in their thirties, but it was still not evident in some sixty and seventy -year-olds.
有的人（大脑）前部和侧部的收缩——随着细胞的死——在三十多岁时就能被观察到了，但是也有些人直到六七十岁依然不明显。
die:死
Contraction of front and side parts as cells die off was observed in some subjects in their thirties ， but it was still not evident in some sixty and seventy -year-olds.
有的人(大脑)前部和侧部的收缩——随着细胞的死——在三十多岁时就能被观察到了，但是也有些人直到六七岁依然不明显。
die:死
There have been reports of poultry die off in her village.
有报道称，病人所在的村庄有家禽死情况。
die:死
There have been reports of poultry die off in her village and the case is reported to have had exposure to sick poultry.
有报告称，病人所在的村庄有家禽死情况。据报告，病人曾与病禽有过接触。
die:死
There have been reports of poultry die off in her village and the case is reported to have had exposure to dead poultry.
有报告称，病人所在的村庄有家禽死情况。据报告，病人曾与病禽有过接触。
die:死
As the bodyguards die off, a theme gradually emerges: there's always death and sacrifice on the road to revolution.
一个个正义之士的牺牲让影片的主题逐渐浮出水面：革命的道路上避免不了死和牺牲。
die:死
XML is different from other types of data in DB2 because it can be internally and externally encoded.
XML不同于DB2中其他类型的数据，因为它可以在内部编码的，也可以在外部编码的。
encoded:编码的
Still, there's always lots of research to be done in a home - related plan, so dig in and do that, with an eye to act in June's first week.
反正家庭有关的的建设还有许多其他的事可以做嘛，就先做做不痛不痒的准备调查和研究，六月的第一个星期再开始动手。
related:有关的
Maybe. For the more you dig into this strange tale, the more illuminating it is of the need for Chinese science to clean up its act.
也许，对你们大多数人来说，越对这个奇怪的故事进行挖，越表明中国科学界需要清理自己的活动。
dig:挖
This book is for those developers who want to rapidly find a solution to their problem without having to dig into a lot of documentation.
这本书是专门针对那些想能快速找到问题的解决方案，而不需要到处查询文档的开发者。
want:想
Like Mr. Swift of the State of Liberty Club, Fernando Riano, who dresses in a Statue of Liberty outfit as a street performer near Battery Park, said he was disappointed about the construction.
炮台公园街头艺术家斯威夫特，身着有女神像连衣裙说，他对这个工程非常失望。
dresses:连衣裙
Asked if he was disappointed at the tardiness of the polls, one Dinka tribesman in Juba sagely replied that he was confident they would open eventually, on “African time ”.
如果问一位在朱巴的丁卡部落男子是否对投票的延迟失望的，他会聪明的回答自己很有信心最终会开放，在“非洲时间”。
disappointed:失望的
"I am disappointed at the pace of this program ," said Rep. Barney Frank, chairman of the Financial Services Committee.
"我对于此计画推展进度感到失望的."美国众议院金融服务委员会主席弗兰克表示.
disappointed:失望的
They might be disappointed at you for a little time, but they will get over it eventually.
他们也许短暂地对你感到失望的，可是最终会改变…
disappointed:失望的
"He's been disappointed at the way he's been treated," said Kia Joorabchian, the head of his entourage.
野兽的所有人霍拉布钦说：“曼联对待他的方式让他感到失望的”。
disappointed:失望的
Disappointed at the low standard of the class, the inspector went to the headmaster.
监察员对学生们这样低的水平感到失望的。
Disappointed:失望的
"Soleil was disappointed in" Chinese government tenders from healthcare reform which were slower than expected.
并且对中国政府医疗改革的速度慢于预期表示失望的。
disappointed:失望的
Everything I've learned from my work with people disappointed in love points to this conclusion: A mature relationship doesn't begin until after disappointment.
在我帮助对爱情失望的的人们的工作中所学到的一切都在指明了一点：成熟的关系从失望的后开始。
disappointed:失望的
Environmentalists are not the only ones disappointed with the new initiative.
环保人士并不是唯一的对新举措感到失望的的人。
disappointed:失望的
But Republicans were disappointed with the level of savings that the White House was willing to accept, particularly through structural changes to limit excessive usage.
但共和党对白宫愿意接受的削减数额感到失望的，特别是通过结构性改革来限制使用过度。
disappointed:失望的
Despite the close relationship with the U.S., Australians have been generally disappointed with the administration of President Bush.
尽管澳大利亚和美国关系密切，但澳大利亚人总的来说对布什政府感到失望的。
disappointed:失望的
He saw his reflection in plate- glass windows of stores andwas disappointed with his appearance.
在商店的橱窗玻璃上他看到了自己照出的影子，对自己的样子感到失望的。
disappointed:失望的
Global investors, disappointed with the returns they’re getting, search for alternatives.
由于对投资回报的失望的，国际投资者四处出击，寻找其他机会。
disappointed:失望的
For another, Mr Tomblin demonstrated that the way to win as a Democrat in a conservative state where voters heartily disapprove of Mr Obama is to run, in effect, as a Republican.
此外，汤布林先生的赢表示一位民主党人要想在那些选民真心讨厌奥巴马的保守州获胜，诀窍就是把自己变得像个共和党人。
win:赢
But honestly, it just wouldn’t make sense for a manager to discriminate against our customers.
但实话说，酒店管理者对我们的客户存在这样的辨析是毫无意义的。
discriminate:辨析
Locke particularly hailed China’s decision to revise a major equipment catalogue for heavy machinery and other industrial equipment so that it cannot be used to discriminate against foreign suppliers.
骆家辉对中国决定修改一份主要重型机械设备和其他工业设备目录以便不被用于对外国供应商实施辨析特别表示欢迎。
discriminate:辨析
Or, he added, parents' behavior might reflect the tendency in general for people to discriminate against heavier individuals.
或者，他补充说，总的来说父母的行为可能反过来影响人们对比较重的人的辨析倾向。
discriminate:辨析
In recent years, many hepatitis B carriers have protested that employers and organisations discriminate against them.
近年来，许多乙肝病毒携带者抗议，自己受到雇主和雇佣机构的辨析。
discriminate:辨析
People should realise that if you have a right to discriminate against another race you have automatically given others the right to discriminate against you.
人们应该意识到，当你具有辨析其他民族的权利时，你自然也就会被其他民族辨析。
discriminate:辨析
Because I designed it for a maximum of one simultaneous user, I felt I could dispense with a lot of the file - locking code that might otherwise be necessary.
因为我的设计的目标是只针对一个并发用户，我觉得可以省略许多似乎不必要的文件锁定代码。
designed:设计的
I see colors, lights, I hear things etc and I infer that there is something out there objects, other people, distinct from my perceptions.
我看到颜色、光线，听到声音,同时我从感知中鲜明地推断出，一些对象，和一些人物。
objects:对象
If their income is supplemented by selling sex, they remain distinct from regular prostitutes; Like all geisha, they are trained in the art of Japanese dance and music.
如果她们靠出卖肉体获得收入，她们仍与普通的妓女不同；正如所有的艺妓，她们也要接受日本舞蹈与音乐艺术的训练有素。
trained:训练有素
Then to get the monthly payment, you take the square bracketed thing and you divide by the mortgage balance and that's the monthly payment; that's how it's calculated.
如果要算每月偿还额,你用贷款余额,除以这个方括号的值,这样就得出每月偿还额,这就是每月偿还额的计算的方法
calculated:计算的
Except here we don't need to divide by one over N factorial, because we're not over counting here.
但不需要除以N！,因为没有重复数数。
counting:数数
Because I'm computing the mean for each list, adding it to total, and then at the end I need to divide by the number of lists who's means I computed, not by the length of 1 of the lists, right?
因为我是在给每个链表计算平均值是，将它们加到全部的中，然后最后我要除以,我计算过的平均值的个数，而不是一个链表的长度？
total:全部的
One is to buy a doll's daughter, frighten the young mother and daughter doll mixed up, holding a doll ran, but left the baby daughter.
一个正在给女儿买洋玩具娃娃的年轻妈妈，吓得把女儿和洋玩具娃娃弄混了，抱着洋玩具娃娃就跑，反而把宝贝女儿留下了。
doll:玩具娃娃
But this new form of ersatz capitalism, in which losses are socialised and profits privatised, is doomed to failure. Incentives are distorted.
但是这一人造资本主义新型，寓于其中的是损失的社会化的和利益的私人化，是注定要失败的。
socialised:社会化的
No one wants to be doomed to repeating the same actions when they are not really working (some definition of madness here).
如果人们不愿意做那些注定要重复的在职的，说明他们并不是真正地在在职的（有些疯狂的定义）。
working:在职的
Perfume manufacturer also advertises greatly in ground of do one's best, make "spring breath", "pure and fresh mountain stream", "lemon is sweet model" circumfuse our life.
香水厂家也在不遗余力地大做做广告，使得“春天气息”、“清新山涧”、“柠檬香型”充溢我们的生活。
advertises:做广告
There were many Firefox extensions that I couldn't do without, including ones that blocked ads and kept my bookmarks synchronized across computers.
有一些火狐的插件是我必不可少的，包括那些屏蔽广告的以及保持我的书签在不同电脑间同步的的插件。
synchronized:同步的
What if I celebrated my small successes instead of being down on myself for what still needs to be done?
如果我为自己小小的成功著名，而不因为那些仍需要去做的事情而心情低落，那会怎样？
celebrated:著名
And the conclusion study has certain directive guidance significance to study of renew the research subject of the city land use planning and draft out kinds of the research plan assignment.
学习的结论对于指导市（地）级土地利用总体规划修编专题学习项目拟定、各专题学习计划任务书的起草具有一定的指导意义。
study:学习
And the conclusion study has certain directive guidance significance to study of renew the research subject of the city land use planning and draft out kinds of the research plan as…
学习的结论对于指导市（地）级土地利用总体规划修编专题学习项目拟定、各专题学习计划任务书的起草具有一定的指导意义。
study:学习
Select the darkest channel (Blue in my case) and drag in to the'New icon' to duplicate it.
选择最黑暗的通道（蓝在我的情况），并拖动到'新图标的复制它。
duplicate:复制
I made the wall of shadow draw back, beyond desire and act, I walked on.
我让影子的墙隐没，越过欲望与行为，我走着。
act:行为
As U.S. forces draw down in Iraq and Afghanistan, it will become more difficult to study the effect of development programs on al Qaeda, the Taliban, and others.
随着美军慢慢撤出伊拉克和阿富汗，这种针对基地组织，塔利班武装以及其他类似组织机的这种“经济发展效用理论”学习将变的更加困难。
study:学习
In setting forth the main arguments, the paper will draw upon a case study of West Clare, Ireland, focusing on experiences of developing marine ecotourism in the Shannon Estuary area.
本文以爱尔兰的西克莱尔案例为出发点，聚焦介绍香农江口地区发展海洋生态旅游的经验。
focusing:聚焦
Here, the robots draw out a sample of spit, and chemically process it to extract the donor ’s DNA.
在这里，机器自动取出唾液样本，进行化学处理提炼捐献者的DNA。
extract:提炼
When current passed through the coil, magnetic force is generated to attract the thimble to exit from the concave slot, and the spring springs down the draw rod to close a valve gate.
线圈有电流通过时，产生磁力吸引顶针出口凹槽，弹簧弹落拉杆，关闭阀门。
exit:出口
This draw gives us a chance to qualify, we want to close the group as soon as possible.
这个平局给了我们一个取得出线合格的机会，我们希望尽可能快地结束小组赛。
qualify:合格
Driven by the reform and open policy, private economy has developed fast, It has also been provided with a wide developing space since "the 16 th Party Congress "draw to an end.
在改革开放政策的推动下，私营经济得到了较快发达。党的十六大的召开，为私营经济的发达提供了更为广阔的空间。
developed:发达
Even when I wasliving like a gypsy, running from movie to movie, living out of a suitcase, Ithink I always had a dream of this family life, a vision of it off in thefuture.
尽管我常常跟吉普赛人一样，从一个电影赶到另一个电影，常常带着手提箱活的，我想，我常常也有一个关于家庭活的的梦想，对它的未来抱有希望。
living:活的
Designed as a French château overlooking the Pacific Ocean and famous Pebble Beach Golf Course, heavenly 17 Mile Drive at the Lodge comfortably sleeps 14 within its majestically art - adorned walls.
如天堂般的“17英里大道”别墅被设计成法式城堡，俯瞰着太平洋和知名的圆石滩高尔夫球场。该别墅中设计有14栋单栋建筑，外面围绕着雄伟的艺术装饰的?。
adorned:装饰的
Monkeys will drive away an attacker from a vulnerable female or infants and female fruit bats help other fruit bats in labour to ease the birth.
猴子会赶走守在脆弱的雌性或小猴子身边的攻击者，雌性果蝠能帮助其它待产果蝠舒适生产。
ease:舒适
This will cause a floating navigation bar interface with a URL textbox and refresh button to drop down from the tab.
之后会出现带URL文本框的漂浮的导航栏界面以及从标签上垂下的刷新按钮。
floating:漂浮的
Yet anyone who opens his or her eyes sees a natural world so threatened by industrial agriculture that it’s tempting to drop off the grid and raise a few chickens.
然而任何人，只要睁开他（她）的眼睛，就能看到自然界受到工业化农业的受到威胁，就要尝试去减少栅栏，养些小鸡了。
threatened:受到威胁
This is due to the fact that the link between scenarios and requirements is neither formally expressed nor supported by any tools.
这是由于这样的一个事实，场景和需求之间的联系既没有用形式化进行表达，也没有任何工具支持。
expressed:表达
Unless you have some overwhelming passion that also happens to allow you to earn a living doing it, always remember that work should be a means to an end: living an enjoyable life.
除非你有无法抵挡的激情，恰巧也能让你从中得以谋生，否则请永远记住，工作只是一种手段，而不是目的，我们的最终目的是享受活的。
living:活的
Yes, we need to make a living, but making a living doesn’t mean selling — it means living.
是的，我们确实需要生存，但生存并不意味着一定要买卖什么，它应该是一种活的。
living:活的
Is it possible, or even desirable, to make a living as an artist in the theatre? The blogging community has been chewing it over.
你认为仅仅靠当一名剧院的艺人谋生是可能甚至是理想的吗？这个话题在写博客社区引起了激烈的讨论。
blogging:写博客
Ya, check this out right here: Dude, wanna hate on us, dude need to ease on up.
你，在这里看看这个：伙计，想要恨我们，伙计需要放舒适。
ease:舒适
Don’t exercise or eat at the end of the day, and avoid or limit caffeine, alcohol and nicotine.
别在太晚的时候吃东西或者剧烈锻炼，避免或者限制咖啡因、酒精、尼古丁的摄入。
exercise:锻炼
Will mobile communication edge out fixed lines as the most frequently used means of communication?
移动通信会取代固定的电话成为人们最常用的通话方法吗？
fixed:固定的
In 2000, after his network rescinded its second erroneous call regarding Florida ’s results, NBC’s Tom Brokaw acknowledged, "Not only do we have egg on our face, we have the whole omelet.
2000年，全国广播公司新闻主持人汤姆·布罗考(TomBrokaw)在该公司撤销关于佛罗里达州选举结果的第二次错误预测后承认，"我们脸上不仅被摔上了鸡蛋，而且被摔上了整个鸡蛋饼。"
regarding:关于
Later in this article we will elaborate on key limitations for working in the BPEL mode.
在本文的后面我们将会详细说明用BPEL模式在职的的主要局限。
working:在职的
Collecting and presenting status information should not become an end in itself.
收藏和表达状态信息本身不应该成为一种终结。
Collecting:收藏
You've worked your rear end off and reached a financial status where you can do some dreaming.
你的工作过你后端过，并达成了财务状况，在这里你可以做一些梦想。
worked:工作过
We should focus on ensuring that we have good, working relationships and communication so that we don't end up in trouble in the first place.
我们应该集中在保证我们有的好的在职的关系和通讯上，以便我们不会在碰到第一个麻烦时就结束。
working:在职的
Getting truly engaged in creating quality outputs for each iteration and phase is critical.
真正地从事于对每个迭代和阶段的质量输出的创造是关键的。
creating:创造
Screen magnifiers that enlarge information on the screen for people with low vision.
屏幕放大镜（Screenmagnifier）为视力低下的人放大屏幕上的信息。
magnifiers:放大镜
It indicates that the URL of the page visited must match what you enter for the Goal URL, but if there is any additional data at the end of their URL then the goal will still be counted.
它表明的网页的网址访问必须符合你输入网址的目标，但如果有任何额外的数据结束时，他们的网址然后的目标仍将是算了。
counted:算了
We trust that our experiences in foreign trade marketing will entitle us to your confidents.
我方相信我们在外贸和推销方面的经验足以值得贵方的相信。
trust:相信
"the Four Upholding" is a principle developed constantly, must meet the needs of economic development of the market to entrust to new content under the new situation.
“四个坚持”是不断发达的原则，在新的形势下必须适应市场经济发达的要求赋予新的内涵。
developed:发达
Direct invests in hi-tech an technology innovated industries, entrust to manage and operate venture capital for other venture investment companies, investment consultation business.
经营主业Business Scope：直接投资高新技术产业和其他技术创新的产业，受托管理和经营其他创业投资公司的创业资本，投资咨询业务。
innovated:创新的
To equip with a motor. You can supply us with the canning equipment and we'll pay for the machines with the canned food produced by the machines.
你可以向我们提供罐装的加工设备，我们用这些机器生产出来的罐装的食品来支付购买机器的货款。
canned:罐装的
You should be doing usability testing even if you do not have a fixed laboratory or access to one.
因此，即使你没有或没法找到一个固定的的实验室，你也应该进行可用性测试。
fixed:固定的
It is said in this park on the roof spotless at all times no matter what, even up autumn leaves never fall.
据说在此园内的房顶上不管什么时候都一尘不染，就连落下的落叶也从不往上落。
fall:落下
Many open source solutions broadcast a backup copy of the session to every other node in the cluster each time it changes.
许多开放源码解决方案，每次在会话发生变化时，都把会话的备份拷贝播送到集群中的其他每个节点。
broadcast:播送
This separates it from essentially every other schema language for XML and complements them.
这使它与其他XML模式语言完全不同，并成为它们的互补。
complements:互补
Patching: Remember each smartphone is a computer, and every so often the vendor will find a thing or two (or forty) that must be fixed.
打补丁：把智能手机当做一台电脑，每个人(经常是系统提供者)会发现一些程序需要升级。
Patching:打补丁
Both tools excel at allowing you to merge differing data sources and display them.
这两个工具都很优秀，均可用来综合不同的数据源并加以展示。
display:展示
Previous research has shown that men with significantly elongated ring fingers excel at competitive sports.
此前有研究表明，有着较拉长的无名指的男性擅拉长的竞技体育。
elongated:拉长的
But I can’t help but wonder if one of the reasons has to with this newfound lack of favor trading, as it’s increasingly difficult for politicians to barter projects in exchange for votes.
但是我还是忍不住想知道上面所说的这个新发现的利好物物交换的因素的缺乏是否是其中原因之一，因为对政客们来说愈来愈困难用项目交换选票。
barter:物物交换
To those who do speak (and think) strictly, all I can do here is offer my regrets for any hurt feelings and now excuse myself from their business.
对于那些说法（和想法）严格的人，我只能对造成任何情感方面的伤害表示遗憾，并请求他们的借口。
excuse:借口
When someone files a FOIA request for such information, the government is authorized under existing regulations to refuse the request by explaining that such information is exempt from disclosure.
当有人根据《信息自由法》请求披露此类信息时，政府可做出此类信息免除披露要求的解释，根据现行法律授权的拒绝该请求。
authorized:授权的
Dedication is not what others expect of you, it is what you can give to others.
奉献不是他人对你的预计，而是你能给予他人的东西。
expect:预计
Set aside occasions when members describe what they expect of the group and what the group can expect of them in terms of time and responsibilities.
在时间和责任方面，当成员们描述他们对组织的预计以及组织对成员们的预计的时候，应该搁置这个时机。
expect:预计
That’s what the people who sent us here expect of us.
我们的民众让我们站在此处，正是对我们怀着这样的预计。
expect:预计
This is what I expect of all my staff at all levels.
这是我对我所有各级职员的预计。
expect:预计
Telling the child the reason for our discontent and make him understands what we expect of him.
告诉孩子你不同意的原因，并让他明白你对他的预计。
expect:预计
By sparking authentic and transparent conversations via social media, companies are can learn what their stakeholders expect of them.
借助大众传播媒介通过发掘具有代表性和透明的评论，企业可以了解到客户对他们的预计是什么。
expect:预计
Services are useful only insofar as they are consumed, and so the best way of specifying their usefulness is to describe what consumers expect of them.
服务只有被消费了才有用；所以，要规定服务的效用，最好的方式就是描述消费者对它们有何预计。
expect:预计
Mr. Wen’s conduct is striking because it ’s what we expect of politicians, not dictators.
温总理的行动是震撼人心的，这正是我们对政治家的预计，而非独裁者。
expect:预计
The idea is that communicating face to face minimizes the chances of misunderstanding, unlike writing all the requirements down in a static document.
与将所有要求写在一个静态文档中不同，其思想是进行面对面的沟通，减少产生误解的机会。
communicating:沟通
As a result, communication problems begin to improve, anger and resentment fade away and you naturally want to spend more time together.
由此，沟通问题得以提升，愤怒与怨恨逐渐消失，而你们自然想要有更多的时间呆在一起。
improve:提升
As new species evolve to fit ever changing ecological niches, older species fade away.
新物种的发展会不断地适应变化着的生态区位而老的物种却逐渐消失了。
evolve:发展
When motivation and desire fade away or take a leave of absence our habits automate us in a preprogrammed direction.
当动机和愿望逐渐淡去的时候，我们的习惯自动化引导我们去预定的方向。
automate:自动化
Scientists have found that the parts of the brain that are activated when we first fall in love are re- stimulated by adventure and novelty.
科学家发现当我们第一次坠入爱河之后，我们的大脑就会受到新一轮的受刺激，对冒险以及其他的新奇的事物感兴趣。
stimulated:受刺激
Be adventurous. Scientists have found that the parts of the brain that are activated when we first fall in love are re- stimulated by adventure and novelty.
敢于冒险。科学家发现当我们第一次坠入爱河之后，我们的大脑就会受到新一轮的受刺激，对冒险以及其他的新奇的事物感兴趣。
stimulated:受刺激
Eggs are laid on leaf surfaces and when hatched the larvae are washed off or fall into water below.
它们将卵产在树叶表面，然后孵出的幼蛙被雨水冲刷或直接掉落到叶下面的水中。
hatched:孵出
A lean, hunger wolf chanced one moon shiny night to fall in with a plump, well - FED House- Dog.
一只瘦瘦的饿狼碰巧的在一个月明之夜遇见了一只吃得很好的挺肥的家犬。
chanced:碰巧的
A learn, hungry wolf chanced one moonshiny night to fall in with a plump, well -fed house dog.
骨嶙峋的，在一个月光皎洁的夜晚，碰巧的遇见了一只肥肥壮壮、喂养得很好的看家狗。
chanced:碰巧的
Just as your lover's caress brings you to orgasm, your eyes happen to fall upon a shoe.
正当情人的爱抚使你进入性高潮的时候，你的目光恰巧落在了鞋子上。
orgasm:性高潮
Then suddenly the Mole felt a great Awe fall upon him, an awe that turned his muscles to water, bowed his head, and rooted his feet to the ground.
鼹鼠顿生敬畏之情，他全身肌肉变得松软，头低低垂下，双脚像在地上生了根。那并不是一种惶恐的毛毡，实际上，他心情异常宁静快乐；
felt:毛毡
By 2 p. m. sporadic reports of a missing plane coursed through crowded cafes, seeming to fall out of the sky like some errant news meteor – a tragedy at odds with a brilliant blue afternoon.
到下午2点关于丢失的飞机的一些零星报道传遍了拥挤的咖啡厅，仿佛像是从天空落下的一颗偏离轨道的陨石——在这个晴朗明媚的下午发生的一场悲剧。
missing:丢失的
A pair of Harvard educators argue that our best -laid plans often fall through for smart, self- protective (and ingeniously hidden) reasons.
两位哈佛教育学者认为我们最精心的计划之所以经常落空是因为聪明、自我保护（巧妙隐）的理由。
hidden:隐
Ranging far and wide, he defends Texas Gov. Rick Perry's support of in- state college tuition rates for illegal immigrants, not that his defense would help a Republican presidential contender.
克林顿涉足广泛，他为德克萨斯州州长里克•佩里支持对非法移民的州内大学学费（减免）作捍卫，并不会因他的捍卫会帮助一位共和党的总统争夺者便放弃自己的立场。
defends:捍卫
The problems mainly fasten on following ways: firstly, technical criterion of blood transfusion is not strict and watchful obligations during blood transfusion are undefined.
问题主要集中在下列的几个方面：（一）输血技术规范执行不严格，输血注意义务不明确；
following:下列的
His proposal, in effect, is to fatten up these undernourished children and feed them to Ireland's rich land - owners.
他的提议，实际上是催肥这些营养不良的儿童和喂养他们爱尔兰丰富的土地拥有者。
feed:喂养
Had I picked up any signals, had it made me fear for her?
我是否发出过什么信号，她是否使我产生了害怕？
fear:害怕
They would get feed back at the end of the exam i. e. which categories they did well or not.
他们会得到喂养在考试即哪些类别他们表现出色或没有结束回来。
feed:喂养
It is the only known frog species where the tadpoles feed off skin shed by the male while he guards the young.
这是唯一已知的蛙类当它为这些幼儿警戒的时候，这些蝌蚪喂养只能来自其雄性父亲脱落的皮肤。
feed:喂养
They will feed off their yolk sack for another thirty six hours, during which time the male will continue to pick up any fry that fall out of the nest.
他们将饲料关闭另外1个三六小时，在此时期，男性会继续拿起任何鱼苗那年落下的巢他们的蛋黄袋。
fall:落下
Well adapted to wetland environments, these antelope typically feed on the delta's semiaquatic grasses.
为了更好地适应湿地环境，这些羚羊一般以半水生的草料来作为喂养。
feed:喂养
Nile tilapia is known to feed on mosquito larvae, but has not previously been tested in the field as a method of mosquito control.
人们知道尼罗罗非鱼以蚊子幼虫为食，但是此前还没有把它作为一种控制蚊子的手段进行实地测试过。
tested:测试过
It is therefore concluded that artificial feed up to 30% may be used to feed egrets no older than 49 days and a rate of 50% of artificial feed may be used thereafter.
因此，以营养需要方面考虑，在49日龄以前完全可用30 %的人工配合喂养，在49日龄以后，可以用5 0 %的人工喂养来代替白鹭天然的动物性喂养。
feed:喂养
At this point, you should have a gut feel for the overall site design and a knowledge of what specs the site was designed for (HTML, XHTML, and so on).
这时候，您应该对站点的总体设计的有了比较贴切的感觉，而且对站点的设计的规范（HTML、XHTML等）有一定的了解。
designed:设计的
Visiting campus isn’t mandatory, but if you have the time and financial means, a visit is a great way to get a feel for the school and demonstrate your interest in the program.
计划在秋季去来访校园。来访校园不是强制性的，但是如果你有时间和金钱，一次小小的来访是让你感受校园并且展示你对申请项目兴趣的很好途径。
Visiting:来访
Some days I wake up and feel like a million bucks; there’s a life growing inside me and I’m the luckiest person in the and I ’m the luckiest person in the world.
有时我唤醒感觉像个大款；体内生命的蠕动使我觉得自己是全世界最走运的人。
wake:唤醒
I was always aware Granny loved us. It was something you could feel with your heart, even when your world was turned upside down.
我一直知道奶奶深爱过着我们。即使在你的世界被彻底颠覆时，这种爱过也是可以用心感受的到的。
loved:爱过
By combining Electric Fence with gdb, you can track down exactly what line tried to access the protected memory.
通过结合ElectricFence和gdb，您可以精确地跟踪到哪一行试图访问受受保护内存。
protected:受保护
Juno is designed to ferret out secrets about how the solar system formed out of the gas and dust that wasn ’t swept into the sun.
按照设计的，“朱诺”号将会探索太阳系是如何从太阳上根本就不存在的气态灰尘中孕育而成的。
designed:设计的
When one can smell out the odor of solvent, it shows the adsorbent is disabled, and it needs to be replaced immediately.
当在面罩内可闻出溶剂闻时，表明所用的吸附剂已失去作用，应及时更换。
smell:闻
The test proved that these two methods can be adopted on the information abstract and can get the accordant results, while correlation analysis can fetch up the two methods' insufficiency.
试验证明，这两种方法都可用于特征信息的拿来，并且取得了较一致的结果，而相关分析法与上述两种方法具有较好的互补性。
fetch:拿来
I did have to fiddle around with my set - up.
的确我要在放上花些功夫掌握。
set:放
Not only do they keep your brain working right, they also allow it to relax and help to fight against mental fatigue.
它们不但可以帮助您的大脑正常在职的，同时也能让大脑适时放松从而对抗思维疲劳。
working:在职的
This evening's victory was important to demonstrate who Milan are and our absolute desire to win again this year, that we will fight down to the end to make it happen.
今晚的赢非常重要，我们的表现证明我们近年来获得的荣誉当之无愧，我们会一直战斗到最后时刻。
win:赢
Meanwhile, rebel leaders continued to insist they could fight off Qaddafi ’s better equipped and organized forces.
与此同时，叛军领导人继续表示他们可以击退配备和组织更好的卡扎非军队。
equipped:配备
Interviewer feedback: Each interviewer should fill out a standard format according to their impression of the candidate, and do digital ranking for them.
面试者反馈：每个面试者都要将他们对应聘者的印象用标准格式填写，并对每个应聘者进行排行。
ranking:排行
Sll he needed was a helmet to finidh outfitting himself, and he found an old morion broken in half that just happened to fill the bill.
再有一顶头盔，所有舾装就齐全了。他加好找到一顶破成两半的高顶头盔，填补了上述空缺。
outfitting:舾装
Failing to make and fill in the Bill of Receiving and Delivering the Transfer Goods according to Article 5 of the Measures;
未根据本办法第五条规定填制结转货物收发货单的；
according:根据
Some presidents have picked leading legal statesmen like Lloyd N. Cutler, who served both Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. But others have turned to personal friends to fill the office.
有的总统会选择诸如劳埃德N.卡特勒这样有名望曾经为卡特和克林顿提供送达的法学政治家。
served:送达
The information you fill in on these two screens will form the metadata record that will enable users to retrieve your item using search engines.
在接下去的两个页面中，您填入的信息将成为条目的元数据记录，这些记录用户可以使用搜索引擎取回到。
retrieve:取回
Viewers will find underlying self in Sun Yu's painting, it is a quick look of the secret space hidden in one's heart.
观者在孙宇的画中能找到隐的自我，那是瑟缩在果壳中的隐秘空间的昙花一现。
hidden:隐
One will find oneself far more fulfilled in so doing, as nature and earth can then give back unto you that which you have given in your ascension to us.
你可以发现自己在这么正在做中远远更为充盈，因为大自然和地球可以回报给你你在提升中给予我们的东西。
doing:正在做
Designed for long-term combat use, tests have shown the AA12 can fire up to 9, 000 rounds without being cleaned or jamming.
专为长期作战设计的，已有研究表明AA12可以连续射击9000发子弹。
Designed:设计的
First and foremost, I wanted during this first year to get all three levels of the Organization working together in seamless harmony.
首先，在过去的一年中，我有意使本组织所有三个层面融为一体，和谐开展在职的。
working:在职的
"Etiquette is first and foremost a question of awareness," said author and etiquette expert Anna Post.
作家和礼节专家安娜•波斯特说：“礼节最重要的是一个意识的问题。”
foremost:最重要的
Stop being a commodity and start creating meaning behind what your brand stands for, and engage, first and foremost, your most valuable assets – your employees!
不再仅仅做商品，开始创建你品牌所代表的意义，并且首先是你最有价值的资产，你的员工的从事。
engage:从事
And what is unhealthy is for women to be denied the chance to contribute fully to that growth, because that denies everyone, first and foremost their families, a chance at greater prosperity.
对于妇女来说，真正有害健康的是剥夺她们全身心地参与经济发展的机会，因为那样做就剥夺了每一个人，最重要的是她们的家人，获得更富足生活的机会。
foremost:最重要的
Within a few minutes, workers are readying the fish for the freezer.
鱼进冷冻室之前的准备中工作在几分钟内就完成了。
readying:准备中
"In those first days of working here, I was like a fish out of water, I was nervous ," he says.
他说：“在参加项目在职的的最初几天，我就像一条出水之鱼，紧张不安。
working:在职的
Once you have identified copywriters with the minimum requirements, evaluate their portfolio to see if they ’re a good fit for you and your clients.
一旦你确定文案人员的最低要求，对他们进行评价，看看他们对于你和你客户是否是一个不错的选择。
evaluate:评价
This ensures that all possible values will fit in the allotted space, break across lines as you intend, and be correctly formatted.
这样可以保证所有可能的值都会适合所分配的空间，按照预期形式换行，格式化的也正确。
formatted:格式化的
Apply a quick fix on an individual finding, or all findings of the same rule at once!
对于单个结果，申请快速解决，或者马上对所有结果使用同样的规则。
Apply:申请
The Sens-A- Flame is an electronic flame monitoring device that offers continuous surveillance of flames, detects the flame out, triggers a warning and shuts down the entire combustion system.
是一款电子火焰控制器，可以进行连续火焰信号检测到，火焰失败检测到，报警触发和切断整个燃烧系统。
detects:检测到
These outbreaks will flare up after viruses “spill over ” from animals into people with occupations such as hunting, farming or working in live - animal markets.
一旦病毒从动物身上“洒”到从事相关职业的人身上譬如狩猎，农耕或活禽市场买卖，在相关人员被传染后，病毒开始发威。
spill:洒
Flash forward seven years: the first company I worked for as a recent college grad had its monthly birthday celebration, and I had an overwhelming sense of déjà vu.
从这个时间快速推进七年：我大学刚毕业从事第一份工作过的那家公司每个月都举办生日庆祝会，我当时有种强烈的似曾相识的感觉。
worked:工作过
This paper analyzed the characteristics of small watershed distribution and the concerned flash flood disasters, and put forward suggestions on prevention of flash flood disasters.
本文对甘肃省小流域分布特性及山洪成灾特点进行了分析了，并提出了山洪灾害防治的建议。
analyzed:分析了
Sometimes a spark would flash out from under the wheels, the same as from a horse's hoof when it strikes a stone: that was the lightning.
有时候，轮子底下会产生火花，就像马蹄踏到石头那样：这就是闪光。
flash:闪光
Now that you can ask a requirement whether it's linked to a model element, you're ready to flesh out the TraceUtil. relatedObjects method to use this new capability (see Listing 16).
既然您可以询问这个请求，看它是否与一个模型元素相互关联，那么就说明您已经准备好充实这个TraceUtil.relatedObjects 程序来使用这个新性能了(请看清单16)。
Listing:清单
The fund's attempts to flesh out what countries threatened by a surge of capital should do come up against a more fundamental problem, too.
基金组织还试图教导面对资本涌入受到威胁的国家应该怎样解决一个更基本的问题。
threatened:受到威胁
If they expect to make a decision within the next week, you need to follow up in a couple of days; for a longer time it is best to wait a week.
如果面试公司会在下周内做决定，你需要在接下来两三天内保持跟随；如果面试公司需要更长时间，那你的跟随时间差不多在一个星期左右。
follow:跟随
The summary claimed there would be "unprecedented accountability" in how funds are spent and said the bill would include no earmarks, the pet projects that lawmakers are fond of.
（提案）总结宣称对于如何使用这些资金将有“空前的义务”，还说花费将不包括那些众议院通常喜欢的花里胡哨的无用计划。
spent:花费
The display may seem small, but this is just the Control Center, and don't let the size of the interface fool you about the capabilities of the program.
展示看来不大，但这仅仅是控制中心，不要让大小的界面傻子，你的能力的计划。
fool:傻子
It is also important to remember that the $4 prices are for certain doses and a fixed quantity.
需要特别记住的是4美元的价格是针对一定的计量和固定的的数量的。
fixed:固定的
“We cannot know for certain how fairly our ancestors in foraging bands behaved ,” but the findings“ bring us a closer understanding ,” she wrote.
“我们不能肯定我们的祖先在觅食团体中的乖巧的多么公平”，但这些发现“使我们能进一步了解，”她写道。
behaved:乖巧的
All the same, no thinking man can refuse to accept their first proposition: that a great change in our emotional life calls for a change of expression.
实际上，没有一个善于思维的人会拒绝接受他们的第一个观点：即情感生活的巨大变化要求表达方式也随之变化。
thinking:思维
You run this risk if you keep the value object around in memory for a while.
如果在内存中将值目的保持一段时间，您就会冒这种风险。
object:目的
Missing as well are many of the logistical and intelligence assets needed to project military force on distant battlefields.
将军事力量投放到遥远战场所需的许多后勤保障和情报资源也处于丢失的状态。
Missing:丢失的
Through the WHO Task Force on Disability, we have improved access to our information products, premises, and employment opportunities.
通过世卫组织残疾问题专题组，我们已经对获得信息产品、进入工作场所以及得到就业机会问题作出了改善。
improved:改善
XIV. On the day of registering in Real Estate Leasing Administration, this contract comes into force upon signatures and seal of both parties.
本合同经双方签章后，自房地产租赁管理机构注册之日起生效。
registering:注册
This contract shall come into force upon the signing of this contract by the authorized representative of each following party.
本合同在下列的各方授权代表签署本合同时生效。
following:下列的
These species open a window on a croc world completely foreign to what was living on northern continents.
这些物种打开了一扇揭示鳄鱼世界的窗口，它们与活的在北部大陆上的动物完全不同。
living:活的
For instance, I hate cleaning my kitchen, but I do it because I like the sight of a clean kitchen.
举例来说，我讨厌打扫厨房，但我还是因为喜欢看到一个整洁的厨房而做了。
cleaning:打扫
For example, controlled anti- epileptic medicines are often unduly restricted in their use for fear of abuse and diversion to the illicit drug market.
例如，受管控的抗癫痫药物在使用时常常受到不适当的受限制的，因为害怕滥用和流入非法毒品市场。
restricted:受限制的
When anyone buys a version of something they could get for free, what are they purchasing?
那些买本来可以免费得到的物品的人们，他们买的到底是什么？
buys:买
We need to act with urgency and resolve to ensure that no - one dies from malaria for lack of a 5 dollar bed net, 1 dollar antimalarial drug and a 50 cent diagnostic test.
我们需要下定决心，立即采取行为确保没有人会因为缺了一顶5美元的蚊帐，一份1美元的抗疟药和一个50美分的诊断检测包而死亡。
act:行为
I should be striving for nothing, because positivity isn’t necessarily real, it ’s just one side of the same coin.
我应该争取无为，因为正面的行为不是真的那么必要，它只不过是硬币的一面而已。
striving:争取
The survey, which polled 108 private jet owners with a mean net worth $116 million, found that 94% of those surveyed defined luxury as' for oneself, 'rather than for the masses (2.8%).
Prince and Associates被调查了108位拥有私人飞机的人士，他们的平均净资产额在1.16亿美元。被调查发现，94%的受访者给奢侈品选择的定义是“给自己的”，而不是“为大众的”（这个选项的比例是2.8%）。
surveyed:被调查
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that one is loved:loved for oneself ,or better yet ,loved despite oneself.
被爱过，为别人而爱过都是人生最大的快乐，因为爱过是不分彼此的。
loved:爱过
These assets, sometime called non- current assets, are used in the operation of business rather than being held for sale.
这些资产有时称为非流动资产，是公司经营中为了用过的而不是为销售而置备的资产。
used:用过的
Practice intensely, without interruption for short periods of no longer than 90 minutes and then take a break.
集中实践。持续无间断的不超过90分钟的短周期实践，然后再休息。
Practice:实践
If the moderate end of the legal community has its way, the information on products might actually be provided for the benefit of customers and not as protection against legal liability.
[参考译文]如果这个法律团体适中的目的能够实现的话，产品信息的假如就可能的确是为了顾客的利益，而不是为了避免公司承担法律责任了。
provided:假如
Therefore, the combination of tough spending cuts and tax increases necessary to halve the deficit seemed to be the wrong medicine for the present moment.
因此，在目前，为削减减半赤字而采取的大幅削减开支和增加税收的措施，并不是一个正确的解决办法。
halve:减半
And I also want you to understand something about America: that we respect you, we respect your religion and we want to work together for the sake of freedom and peace.
同时，我希望你们对美国有所理解。我们尊重你们，我们尊重你们的宗教，我们希望为了自由与和平与你们一同努力。
understand:理解
Why should anaction become free from one moment to the next simply because wereflect upon it?
为什么一个一种行为从这一刻到下一刻变成自由的仅仅是因为我们想到了它？
anaction:一种行为
Separately and simultaneously, a commenting module can associate free from commentary, discussion, and debate with any node.
一个发表评论模块能独立或同时地将注释、讨论和辩论自由关联到任意节点。
commenting:发表评论
Realize that reading is not from beginning to end, but rather point to point.
要认识到阅读不一定是从头读到尾，而是观点对观点。
point:观点
Be aware that some organizations frown on the use of port scanning tools such as nmap: make sure that your organization approves before using it.
要注意的是，某些组织不赞成使用端口扫描工具，如nmap：在使用工具之前请获取组织的赞同。
approves:赞同
Getting married seems to be good for our friend Joseph. He's sure full of beans these days. He works a lot harder in the office and looks like he's enjoying life a lot more.
这个人说："已婚似乎对我们的朋友约瑟夫很有好处。最近，他确实是精力充沛。在办公室工作也比以往更卖力。看来，他比以前高兴多了。"
married:已婚
He's sure full of beans these days. He works a lot harder in the office.
最近，他确实是精力充沛。在办公室作品也比以往更卖力。
works:作品
They set out a four - year timetable to gather up and secure bomb -usable fissile material.
他们制定的时间表规定，各国在四年内控制并保证可用于制造核弹的裂变材料安全的。
secure:安全的
I thought I would feel guity if I continue to gaze at others, for it is rude and offended.
我想到如果我继续盯着看别人，我就会感到内疚，因为盯着看人是一种粗鲁的被冒犯行为。
offended:被冒犯
To tackle the problem of insufficient consumer demand, China will further its efforts in preparing for / further gear up investment in fixed assets.
解决消费需求的问题，我国将作好对固定的资产投资的。
fixed:固定的
The real problem with the exam system is that it teaches lessons about work itself that you need to unlearn pretty smartly if you want to get ahead in business.
考试制度的真正问题在于，它教导了一些关于工作本身的错误知识，如果你想在商界中获得成功，你就必须很快忘却这些东西。
teaches:教导
Exporters have threatened to shift more factories from Japan to overseas locations to get around both tariffs and the strong yen.
受到受到威胁的出口商正把越来越多的工厂从日本转移到海外以规避关税和日元的升值。
threatened:受到威胁
Many living in towns dream of starting up their own farm, of living off the land. Few get round to putting their dreams into practice.
很多在城市的活的人们梦想拥有自己的一个农场作为与之生存的土地。但很少人能将这个梦想变为现实。
living:活的
She rattles off a list and as she says it, I realise I knew it all along: "promotion, money, drugs, bartering, for revenge, to get back at a partner who has cheated on them.
她随口举出了若干例子，我一边听着，一边意识到我本来就知道。 “为了升职，金钱，毒品，做以物易物。
bartering:以物易物
It turned out he had high particle levels, which his cardiologist now aims to get below the LipoScience - recommended level of 1, 000 with cholesterol - lowering drugs.
结果是，他的颗粒数值非常高，他的心脏病医生现在的目的是靠降胆固醇药物帮助他达到丽波科学受到推崇的的数值1000。
recommended:受到推崇的
To get down to it, you have to cut away what is not true, what is inflated, beside the point, excess, ornament.
更直接点，你们要去掉不真实的，除了这点还有膨胀的的，过量的和装饰的。
inflated:膨胀的
Beijing and New Delhi need to get down to specifics, and the removal of non -tariff barriers, before the widening deficit erodes trust further.
北京与新德里需要开始商讨细节，并着手消除各种非关税壁垒，以防不断扩大的逆差进一步侵蚀相信。
trust:相信
Defense ability: blocking enemy strikes, avoiding darts … Or you may simply push a barrel into the water and jump on it, the enemy won't get you there.
防卫能力：阻断敌人袭击，避免飞镳…或你可能只是在它上推动一桶进水和跳之内，敌人的意志在那里不拿你。
jump:跳
She says many people have drowned after smugglers have forced them to jump into the sea before arriving on the coast of Yemen.
她说，在抵达也门的海岸之前，走私者强迫他们跳海，有很多人淹死而死。
drowned:淹死
You get back on task for a bit, working on that important report.
你把思绪拉回到一点到在职的上，专心于那个重要的报告。
working:在职的
Get over it, and start truly living consciously, don’t just talk about it.
克服它吧，开始真正有觉悟的活的，别再仅仅停留在口头上。
living:活的
In other words, if no element is styled by a high-level rule, because more specific rules are always in effect, then you should get rid of that unused rule.
换句话说，如果没有任何元素是由高层规则设置有风格的，因为更具体的规则始终有效，那么您应该摆脱那个未使用的规则。
styled:有风格的
But unless you have the money to hire a publicist, you are going to have to promote yourself in order to get the word out to the right people.
除非你有钱聘请一个宣传公关，否则你就需要对那个正好需要你的人进行自我推销。
hire:聘请
New York may be known as the city that never sleeps, but Tokyo business people get less time in the sack than their New York peers -- and also those in Paris, Stockholm and Shanghai.
尽管纽约号称“不夜城”，但是东京商务人士的睡觉时间比他们的纽约同行还要少，也少于巴黎、斯德哥尔摩和上海的同行。
sleeps:睡觉
When this failed to get through the 26 - country meeting, some countries, especially the UK, began to blame China for the failure of Copenhagen.
26国会议没有通过这个目标，于是某些国家，尤其是英国，就开始将哥本哈根的失败的归咎于中国。
failed:失败的
There was a small boy living on a farm, he needed to get up before sunrise every morning to start his chores and out again later to do the evening ones.
有一个小男孩活的在一个农场里，每天天不亮就要起床开始做琐碎的家务。然后，晚些时候再出来做那些晚上的工作。
living:活的
If you simply go to bed when you’re sleepy and then get up at a fixed time, you’ll cure your insomnia.
如果你能够在你瞌睡的时候去睡觉，在一个固定的的时间起床，那么你的失眠症将会不治自愈。
fixed:固定的
Either way can give color and taste to many different foods.
无论哪种方式，辣椒都可以为许多不同的食物增添颜色和品尝。
taste:品尝
Reforming Congress, something we call a "process" reform rather than an actual matter of "substance ", is something most liberal interest groups don't give much thought to.
改造国会--我们所谓的“渐进性”改造而非真正意义上的“本质性”改造--是绝大多数自由主义利益集团很少考虑到的一点。
Reforming:改造
Each detail has been designed to enable optimal read -off of information at a glance, just as on an instrument panel.
表盘每处细节的设计的务求让人一目了然，提供最佳的阅读数据效果。
designed:设计的
People involved with the project need to feel safe enough to point out problems and the potential solutions, even though a solution might go against how others would like to operate.
涉及项目的人需要感觉足够的安全来指出问题和可能的解决方案，即使解决方案可能不利于其他人想要运作的方式。
involved:涉及
The binding compiler also generates some added support classes that go along with the added methods.
捆绑编译器在生成一些添加的方法时，还会生成一些添加的支持类。
binding:捆绑
Fortunately, most of that complexity will go away with the coming of EJB 3.0, which is a major change to the way EJBs are constructed.
幸运的是，大多数复杂性将随着EJB3.0的到来而消失，这是EJB建方式的主要变化。
constructed:建
Walk – No, I’m not saying “go for a walk, ” I ’m saying design your life so that you walk more.
走我并不是指去散步，我的意思是设计一下你的生活，以至于你能多走走。
Walk:走
Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages.
我的良人，来吧，你我可以往田间去。你我可以在村庄小屋。
lodge:小屋
Him would Paul have to go forth with him; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek.
保罗要带他同去，只因那些地方的犹太人，都知道他父亲是希腊人，就给他行了割礼的。
circumcised:割礼的
If you have something to say about it, you should go into that world and study it and get to know those people and spend time there.
如果要对这个话题发表看法，你就应该进入那个世界进行学习，要去了解那些人，在那里花费时间。
study:学习
But it is much bigger and is designed to go into a lower orbit with the most powerful cameras and remote sensing instruments ever sent to a planet.
但它比以往发送到火星的卫星体积更大，设计的更复杂，要进入更低的轨道，携带最先进的摄像机和数据传输装置。
designed:设计的
Even being good at getting other people to fight for you and telling them how to do it most efficiently —this, after all, is what conquerors and generals have done -- is not being civilized.
即使善于驱使别人去为自己打仗，并且告诉他们怎样打才最有效——这毕竟是征服者和将军们干过的事——也不能称其为文明的行为。
civilized:文明的
This only works if you are actually good at what you do.
只有当你实实在在的很胜任你的作品时才能这样做。
works:作品
Maupassant is a prodigal per se, he has the love go through enriching sum short stories of the Tang and Song dynasties very much in reality.
莫泊桑本身就是一个浪子，他在现实中有着非常充实和传奇性的爱情经历。
enriching:充实
How far does this go whose devices, in short, means of navigating he gives us: exile, silence, cunning?
总之，这个尝试的工具，他给予我们的导航的工具：放逐，沉默，狡狯掩饰。
navigating:导航
Similarly, if the EJB is protected but the database is not, then the hacker can bypass the application completely and go straight to the crown jewels, the corporate data.
类似地，如果EJB受到受保护，但数据库没有受到受保护，则黑客完全可以绕过应用程序，直接进入核心地带操纵公司的数据。
protected:受保护
Even a company that is shown to be profitable according to accounting standards can go under if there isn't enough cash on hand to pay bills.
即使一家根据会计准则显示盈利的公司要是手头上没有足够的现金支付账单的话也会失败。
according:根据
Next, learn to sew or find a dry cleaner who can.Repairs go without saying, and a little alteration can upgrade an item's fashion rating no end.
接下来，找谁学一下缝或者找一家干洗店，不用说，修剪是肯定要的，一点点小改动都可以提升衣服的时尚感。
sew:缝
The creation knows its place within the Creators mind and understands that past and future are only constructs to grasp at this understanding before it actually happens.
在它确实发生以前，造物会明白他在造物主意图中的位置并明白过去和将来只是为便于明白而设置的。
understands:明白
Talking of my childhood, I ’m forever grateful to my good parents. To them I owe my habit of living a quiet and simple life and my “back to nature ” propensity.
说到童年，我常常感谢我的好父母，他们养成我一种恬淡、“返乎自然’的习惯，他们给我一个快乐清洁的环境，因此，在任何环境里都能自足、知足。
’:’
Instinctively, he pulled his hand back, and she blushed at this rejection and said, “Come on. I can’t ask a child to do it, or a friend.
他本能地把手抽回来，这让她脸红了。
blushed:脸红了
Vouchercare, by contrast, would simply hand out vouchers of a fixed size, regardless of the actual cost of insurance.
相反，代金券医保只仅仅是分发固定的数额的代金券，与保险实际花费无关。
fixed:固定的
And the NASA scientists say they're ready to hand out GFAJ - 1 to researchers who want to study it.
而美国宇航局的科学家则指出，他们打算将GFAJ-1分发给那些想致力于此的学习人员。
study:学习
This last point, one suspects, is crucial. Persuading individuals living in police states to hand over classified information demands considerable powers of persuasion.
人们怀疑最后一点才是关键所在。说服活的在极权国家的人交出机密情报，需要相当的说服力。
living:活的
They were great hit and run fighters, and their descendants teach modern day special forces how to fight in hand to hand combat.
他们擅长着突袭战，现在他们的后代专门在教现代特种部队如何打肉博战。
teach:教
Variable - bore rams are designed to seal a wider range of pipe diameters, albeit at a sacrifice of other design criteria, notably element life and hang -off weight.
设计的了变孔眼直径的闸板去密封更大范围内的管柱直径，虽然牺牲了其它设计的的标准、显著的部件寿命和悬重。
designed:设计的
Here they take fire on the trees and hang there flaming.
而这里的树叶却像是挂在树梢上的炽盛，发出耀眼的光芒。
flaming:炽盛
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm ," wrote Ralph Waldo Emerson. It is the paste that helps you hang in there when the going gets tough.
“没有热情就不会有任何伟大的达到，”拉尔夫-沃尔多-爱默生写道当事情进展不顺时，热情是帮助你坚持下去的粘合剂当别人叫喊“你不行”时，热情是你内心发出的声音：“我能行”。
achieved:达到
Payne and Kensinger study what happens to memories during sleep, and they have found that a person tends to hang on to the most emotional part of a memory.
佩恩和肯辛格在学习睡眠中记忆的发生了什么，他们发现一个人在睡眠时往往会停留在记忆中最激动的部分。
study:学习
All the hard and fast laws which govern the world we learnt by knocking up against them.
治理这个世界的所有谨严的法律，我们都是在触犯了它们之后才学到的。
govern:治理
There's no point in asking Harry for a donation for starving children; he's as hard as nails.
不用要求哈里给挨饿的孩子们捐赠些东西，他是个无情感的家伙。
starving:挨饿
Just then he felt a sudden banging and jerking on the line he held with his two hands. It was sharp and hard- feeling and heavy.
就在这当儿，他觉得自己双手攥住的钓索突然给撞击、拉扯了一下。来势很猛，有一种强劲的毛毡，很是沉重。
felt:毛毡
For example, despite the known environmental and health effects of agrochemicals, including pesticides, there are hardly any billboards in India showing how to use these chemicals safely.
例如，尽管包括杀虫剂在内的农业化学品具有已知的的环境和健康影响，但印度几乎没有公告牌显示如何安全地使用这些化学品。
known:已知的
People lead hectic lifestyles working for longer hours, going into gyms to keep fit and so on. There is hardly any time to go out and meet new people.
进行长时间的在职的，在健身房里保持健康，这种繁忙的生活方式让人们几乎没有时间外出去结识新朋友。
working:在职的
They're still working hard on drugs, and doing gene studies looking at what factors make people susceptible.
在药品方面的在职的仍在努力进行，基因研究在找寻让人们易受感染的因素。
working:在职的
The investigation must evaluate all relevant economic factors that have a bearing on the state of the industry in question.
该调查必须对与被调查产业有关联的所有相关经济因素进行评价。
evaluate:评价
Due to differing safety regulations, North American Fits have larger bumpers, and a longer front clip, than the rest of the world, resulting in a slight increase in overall length.
由于不同的的安全规定，北美版飞度比世界其他地区有大号的保险杠，大号前沿，导致车长增加。
differing:不同的
If you have a business that fits the following criteria, call me or, preferably, write.
如同你知道有公司符合下列的的条件，打电话或者最好是写信给我…
following:下列的
We hope to buy more businesses that are similar to the ones we have, and we can use some help. If you have a business that fits the following criteria, call me or, preferably, write.
我们希望能够找到更多像我们现在拥有的企业，当然这需要一些帮助，如同你知道有公司符合下列的的条件，打电话或者最好是写信给我。
following:下列的
Monitoring the metabolic rate of patients could give doctors an early warning of when a patient is about to go into shock or have a heart attack.
监控病人的新陈代谢率能在病人将要休克或是心脏病突发时给医生更早的提醒。
Monitoring:监控
Women who are stressed at work are more likely than other working women to have a heart attack or other forms of heart disease, a new study suggests.
一个新的研究表明，相对其他职业女性，承受着在职的压力的职业女性引发心脏病或其他形式的心脏疾病的可能性更高。
working:在职的
When you have finished modeling your human tasks and business processes, you can assemble them, and prepare them for deployment to the runtime server as an EAR file.
在完成造型人工任务和业务流程之后，便可以将其组装，并准备好将其作为EAR文件部署到运行时服务器。
modeling:造型
The BSCU would have then commanded a small rotation of the nose wheel to check for proper movement.
BSCU可能然后命令这个鼻子车轮的小的旋转查看适当的运动。
check:查看
And the spirit is good because although the preparation for next year is already in place, people are working very, very hard with the tools that we have in hand to improve the car.
气氛也很好，因为尽管明年的准备在职的已经提上来了，人们还是非常非常努力的根据手边已有的来改进赛车。
working:在职的
It is crucial to have cash in hand if UN organisations are to act quickly and strategically to address urgent issues.
如果联合国机构要迅速采取战略行为解决迫切的问题，关键是要有现金在手。
act:行为
Fortunately, we can often have it both ways by providing a synchronized wrapper.
幸运的是，通过提供同步的包装，我们可以同时达到以上两个目的。
synchronized:同步的
'Some people say that we act too quickly, some people say that we act too slowly. You can't have it both ways,' says Mr. Chambers from S& P.
标普的钱伯斯说，有人说我们行为太快，有人说我们行为太慢，你不能让两边都满意。
act:行为
I've seen a few comments around this cause suggesting (or demanding) that heterosexuals have no business supporting LGBT causes.
我看到过关于这个问题的一些评论，这些评论提议（或者苛刻的）异性恋者无权支持LGBT的相关问题。
demanding:苛刻的
This is typically done by hiring directors who, although they may have no business ties to the company, are socially close to its top brass.
这是招聘董事的一般做法，尽管招聘的董事跟公司的业务没有关系，但他们跟公司要员的社交关系不错。
hiring:招聘
These people have totally lost ability and one's own will of thinking independently in the face of the great man.
这些人面对伟人完全失去了独立思维能力和自己的意志。
thinking:思维
Take a look at the happiest, most successful people on this planet: they are all doing something they love, creating something they believe in, living a life of purpose and passion.
再看下这个世界上那些最快乐、最成功的人士：几乎无一例外他们都在做着自己喜爱的事情，创作自己笃信的东西，活的中目标坚定且充满激情。
living:活的
To study and put forward work plans for customs anti- smuggling work and organize implementation accordingly, and take charge of the analysis of customs anti - smuggling situation.
学习提出海关打击走私工作计划并组织实施，负责全国海关反走私形势分析工作。
study:学习
Principles and rules have petrified with the accumulated weight of precedent.
由于层层先例的积累使原则和章程变得僵化呆板了。
accumulated:积累
People with weight problems have a disease that can be treated;
人民与重量问题的疾病可以得到处理过的；
treated:处理过的
If Gibson can go head to head against that show ’s harlots – and win - he might endear himself to the movie - going public once more.
如果吉普森能直面节目上那些娼妓们-并且取得赢-他说不定能再度出演电影，再次进入公众的视线。
win:赢
He then worked for Apple and moved to China in 1998 to head up Microsoft's Research division in Beijing.
接着他为Apple公司工作过，并于1998年回到中国，在北京领导微软研究工作过的开展。
worked:工作过
This came as a surprise to the team lead, and the developer was of course surprised to hear about the updated design.
这使团队带领非常的惊讶，当然开发人员听到了关于设计上的更新也是非常惊讶的。
lead:带领
My guess is that most people find new pop the same way I do: you hear about things from friends, you find a few critics you trust, and you keep your ears open.
我想大多数人发现新的流行音乐的方式和我的一样：从朋友那里听说，找一些你相信的评价家的评论，时时眼观六路耳听八方。
trust:相信
He could not bear to see anyone sorrowing or even to hear of it.
他不忍见到任何人悲伤的难过，甚至也不忍听到有关悲伤的难过的事。
sorrowing:悲伤的
"We would hear of children going out to the street and studying underneath street lamps, or literally coming to school with blackened noses because they'd been studying near kerosine lamps ," she said.
“我们总是听说，孩子们走上街头在路灯下学习，或者简直是顶着变黑鼻子去上学，因为他们一直在煤油灯下学习，”她说。
blackened:变黑
"Can you hear out of your right ear ?" the judge asked. The man nodded his head.
“你的右耳能听完吗？”法官询问。那人点了点点头。
nodded:点点头
"Can you hear out of your right ear ?" the judge asked. The man nodded his brain.
“你的右边耳朵听得见吗？”法官问道。那人点了点点头。
nodded:点点头
This process, known as pyrolysis, creates rather than consumes energy, as more combustible gases are released than are needed to heat up the kiln.
这一过程叫做高温裂解，它能够创造能量而非消费能量，因为在裂解过程中被释放的可燃气体多于将窑加热所需的气体。
consumes:消费
George Bush ’s first plan aimed to help up to 240,000 delinquent subprime borrowers refinance their debts into government - backed fixed - rate mortgages.
布什的第一个计划旨在帮助约24万的拖欠债务的按揭借款人，方法是用政府担保的固定的利率按揭贷款为他们的债务再融资。
fixed:固定的
Set high and low migration thresholds for the particular storage pool (in this case, CMDISKTIER1A) to trigger migration from CMDISKTIER1A to 4MMPOOL.
为特殊存储池（在本例中为CMDISKTIER1A）设置高和低移植阈值，以扳机从CMDISKTIER1A到4MMPOOL 的移植。
trigger:扳机
Last year Congress made it harder for banks that had received money from the Troubled Asset Relief Programme to hire workers on H - 1B visas, the most popular type for skilled foreign workers.
去年，国会限制了领取“问题资产救助计划”救济金的银行聘请持有H-1B签证的员工。而持有H-1B签证的员工往往是有能力的高级人才。
hire:聘请
Refusing to hire people on the basis of race, religion, age or disability — among other categories — is illegal.
以种族、年龄、残疾为由拒绝聘请——在其他类别中——是非法的。
hire:聘请
It's not quite the fountain of youth, but Mayo Clinic scientists may have hit upon a way to slow the aging process.
梅奥诊所的科学家们有可能偶然发现了一种减缓老化过程的方法，虽然它还不能让你返老还童。
aging:老化
A new study may have hit upon another way to improve stem cells' ability to help repair damaged tissue.
一项新的研究偶然发现了提高干细胞能力，促进损坏的组织愈合的另一种体例。
damaged:损坏的
If you are standing, drop, cover, and hold on, or sit down.
如果您是常设的，蹲下，或坐下，寻找庇护并坚持住。
standing:常设
Hold quiet, it kept the own happiness, will give thanks to life, will increase one's well-being of the experience and understanding.
守住宁静，就守住了自己拥有的快乐，就会感恩于生活的给，就会增加一分对幸福的体验和理解。
give:给
We'd originally planned to move management to the head office as well, but the current arrangement was working so well that it was agreed we'd hold onto the bulk of the coordination.
我们原计划将项目的管理移到总部进行，但是项目当前的安排正在很好的进行在职的，因此我们都同意继续保持在项目中的协调方式。
working:在职的
The colonel managed to hold out until now because he fights without restraint.
卡扎菲上校一直维持到现在，主要是他所进行的是毫无节制的打架。
fights:打架
China’s leaders promise to hunt down and punish hoarders and speculators.
中国领导人承诺打击和惩治囤积居奇者和投机者。
punish:惩治
One evening, after a long day, I was feeling stressed. I just wanted to hurry the children off to bed so that I could get on with my own projects for the evening.
有一天，忙碌一整天后，我觉得非常疲惫，只盼着匆忙打发他们上床睡觉，这样晚上我就可以忙自己的事情。
hurry:匆忙
Like every other wounded warrior in the hospital, I just wanted to hurry up and get back to my unit.
就像医院里其他的伤员一样，我就想匆忙好起来并重返部队。
hurry:匆忙
In this five day programme, your child will immerse in a variety of artistic activities, from speech& drama, story telling, arts& craft, science games, poem reciting to singing.
为期五天的学习生活，孩子们将浸濡在多姿多彩的文化艺术活动中，包括学习标准华语、剧活动、歌朗诵、意游戏、智故事、保美工和唱歌舞蹈等。
singing:唱歌
Surely the older clone — I, in this case — would believe that he understood how the copy should behave and so be even more likely than the average father to impose expectations upon his child.
当然，被克隆的那个人-在这种情况下，就是我-会认为他理解克隆人的表现因而可能比普通父亲更容易给孩子强加一些愿望。
behave:表现
Any hobbyist worth his or her salt will, in turn, be admiring the Stuxnet code that shut down the Iranian centrifuges, looking to imitate and improve on it.
然而，一个真正的计算机病毒爱好者，都会对关闭了伊朗的离心机的震网代码感到钦佩，希望对它进行模拟和改进。
imitate:模拟
I am convinced that an integrated continuum - of - care approach would greatly improve treatment outcomes and improve on the high rate of treatment failures and relapses.
我深信一个完整连续体-的-护理方法将大大改进治疗效果和改变高治疗失败率和复吸率。
continuum:连续体
Vharie Carter, left, shows Liz Reviello of Scranton, Pa., how to position herself in a body scanner.
哈莉·卡特（左边），向宾州斯克兰顿市的莉斯·雷维洛展示如何在身体扫描仪中站立。
left:左边
In addition to the encrypted content, XML encryption allows you to specify the algorithm used for encryption or the encryption key used as part of the two elements discussed above.
除了加密的过的内容以外，XML加密的还允许您在上面讨论的两个元素中指定用于加密的的算法，或者是加入用于加密的的密钥。
encrypted:加密的
In addition to direct e- commerce and recruitment Web sites, this domain includes portals where business partners can find information about manufacturing, procurement, or delivery information.
除了直接的电子商务与招聘网站外，此域还包括业务合作伙伴可以在其中找到的关于制造、采购或配送的信息门户。
direct:直接的
Banks want the government to buy distressed assets, but the administration has struggled with pricing the assets in a way that helps the banks while being fair to taxpayers.
银行希望政府买入不良资产,但政府正力图以一种既能帮到银行又能公平对待纳税人的方式,为不良资产价钱.
pricing:价钱
Hydrocarbons can glow in a range of colors, from pink to orange, Kirby said.
烃类能呈现许多颜色，从粉红到橙子，Kirby说道。
orange:橙子
In all likelihood, Mohammed was transportedfrom Pakistanto one of the Afghan sites by a team of black- masked commandos attached to theC. I. A. ’s paramilitary Special Activities Division.
穆罕穆德很可能由下属于中情局特种行动作战单位的一批蒙面的特种兵从巴基斯坦转移到了阿富汗的一座黑狱中。
masked:蒙面的
This technique, patented by CNRS in September 2007, will in all likelihood become the leading method for measuring crystal lattice strain at the nanometer scale.
该方法已于2007年9月被CNRS申请了获得专利，极可能成为将来纳米尺度下用来测量晶格形变的首选方法。
patented:获得专利
People do regularly embellish their applications in an attempt to influence hiring decisions.
人们习惯于在他们的申请上面做修饰，试图来影响招聘决定。
hiring:招聘
And you have to zoom in and out by tapping +/ - buttons or double-tapping the screen.
你不得不通过点击 +/-按钮或双击屏幕进行飞涨和缩小操作。
zoom:飞涨
With cloud computing, companies can scale up to massive capacities in an instant without having to invest in new infrastructure, train new personnel, or license new software.
使用云计算，企业马上就能大幅提高自己的计算能力，而不需要投资新的基础设施，开展新的培训或者购买新的软件执照。
license:执照
While many of the shapes are suggestive of movement, the formations are actually created slowly over time with compressed ice — not in an instant as waves hit the air.
这些形状在让人联想到运动的同时，冰的内部构造实际上也是借助压缩的后的冰随着时间的累积缓慢产生的，毕竟这些波浪形状的冰与空气的接触不是瞬间发生的。
compressed:压缩的
In answer to that, the claimants say that, even though only profits matter, when it comes to hiring, male managers only want to hire other males.
回答这个问题时申诉人指出，虽然沃尔玛只关心利益，但是男主管只希望招聘男伙计。
hiring:招聘
In any case he declares that point as a "risk. Not a cost.
在任何情况下，他都把那个点宣布为“风险，而不是成本。
declares:宣布
In any case, you can modify this to suit your needs.
在任何情况下您都可以根据需要对此进行调整。
modify:调整
This smoothing changes the way the ocean reflects sunlight; in a sense, it makes the water a better mirror.
这种平滑改变了海面反映日光的方式；在某种意义上说，它让水面更接近于一面镜子。
reflects:反映
So far, in brief discussions of how one might use and query the Issue Tracker RDF metadata, we used a simple and primitive query API.
到现在为止，在对人们可能怎样使用和询问问题跟踪器RDF元数据的简短讨论中，我们使用了简单而基本的询问API。
query:询问
But workers are wearing protective clothing, working in brief shifts and being occasionally pulled off the site to limit accumulated exposure.
但在职的人员只是穿着防护服，简单地轮替，或者偶尔地离开现场限制累积接触放射物。
working:在职的
He said they were not in condition to fight, and he would not send them.
他说，他们还没有做斗争的准备，而且他也不想将军队投入斗争。
fight:斗争
In Condition Based Maintenance (CBM), the maintenance policy is worked out according to the age and the condition of equipments, so plenty of data need to be deal with.
视情维修根据设备的工龄和状态做出维修策略，需要处理分析大量的数据，应用计算机辅助软件可以提高工作过效率。
worked:工作过
But with this change in condition comes inevitably adaptations to the change.
但是随着环境的变化而来的必定是对变化的改编。
adaptations:改编
Analytic solutions of temperature and stress distributions in condition of CW and pulse pumping are given. We have analyzed and discussed the thermal distortion in the slab.
给出了板状介质在重复率泵浦和连续泵浦情况下的温度分布和应力状态的解析解，对板的热效应进行了分析了与讨论。
analyzed:分析了
This paper studies the orbit determination of LEO satellites using GPS receivers of single frequency in condition of not depending on GPS differential reference stations.
学习在不依赖于GPS差分基准站的情况下，利用单频GPS接收机对低轨卫星进行定轨的算法。
studies:学习
Wrong, because in the depths of the crisis the share prices and borrowing costs of all banks indicated an almost complete collapse in confidence.
错误，是因为深陷危机中所有银行的股票价格和借用成本都显示了几乎完全崩溃的信心。
borrowing:借用
The sign shall be used in conformity with the relevant provisions of the Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols.
其用过的办法，依照日内瓦公约及其附加议定书的有关规定执行。
used:用过的
The free heap after collection metric can also be used in conjunction with the heap size to calculate the working set of memory (or "footprint ") being used by the server and application.
收集后的空闲堆指标还可以与堆大小结合，共同计算服务器和应用程序所使用的内存在职的集（或 “内存占用”）。
working:在职的
A study in the New England Journal of Medicine suggests that patients do significantly better when their depression is treated in conjunction with their diabetes or heart disease.
《新英格兰医学杂志》的一项研究指出，患有糖尿病或心脏病的病人在处理过的中如果联合对抑郁情绪的调节，病情会有极佳表现。
treated:处理过的
In the consequence of the screening, which was limited in resumes, there was no distinct difference between the result of expert and novice.
在有限的数量的应聘者简历筛选过程中，专家与新手对两个职位的简历筛选结果无显著性差异；
limited:有限的
I've left out a few things in consideration of space, and have highlighted relevant parts in bold type.
出于篇幅考虑，我省略了一些内容，并将相关的部分用粗体加以突出显示显示。
highlighted:突出显示
Germany, which is owed more than it owes, still has low bond yields; Greece, which is heavily in debt to foreigners, has a high cost of borrowing (see chart 2).
德国拥有的债权大于欠的，因此仍然可比保持较低的债券收益率；背负沉重外债的希腊，则需要较高的借债成本（看表2）。
owed:欠的
Each model can be implemented independent of the other, but together they complement each other nicely to help secure data at rest and data in transit throughout a network.
每种模型都能独立于另一个实现，但如果同时使用，会相互补充，很好地保护网络中闲置的和传输中的数据的安全的。
secure:安全的
The author continues defining the SOA solution by modeling the specification of each service in detail.
作者通过详细地对每个服务的规范进行造型来继续定义SOA解决方案。
modeling:造型
All say, in essence, that only when things disappear in this way are we freed to use them without thinking and so to focus beyond them on new goals.
在本质上，所有的人都认为只有当事物以这种方式隐匿时，我们才是无需思考的释放使用这些事物，从而超越它们来关注新的目标。
freed:释放
Nuclear power stations in general are the most hardened and well - protected industrial facilities in existence.
一般来说，核电厂现存的最坚固的和受到良好受保护的工业设施。
protected:受保护
In some cases these are the same, but in general, a language is spoken in more than one country and some countries have more than one language that is spoken.
可能在某些情况中两者是相同的，但是在一般情况下，一门语言可以在多个国家通用而且一些国家拥有不止一种的说。
spoken:说
Although he and his colleagues have tested only a small group of subjects, the results are so far falling in line with previous experiments.
虽然，到目前为止，他和他的同事只对小部分的实验对象做了测试过，但实验结果跟之前的实验一样符合预期。
tested:测试过
As such, we in no way endorse the practice of hiring admission essay - writing services, and we are careful to vet essays that appear to be overly crafted.
就这点而论，我们决不支持招聘申请论文代写服务的行为，并且我们会认真审查那些看起来过于精巧的论文。
hiring:招聘
Transparent: The inclusion of a filter within a request / response chain is designed to supplement, but in no way replace, the core processing provided by a servlet or JSP page.
透明的：在请求/响应链中包括过滤器，这种设计的是为了补充（而不是以任何方式替代）servlet或JSP页面提供的核心处理。
designed:设计的
Christians in America have both succeeded and failed in obedience to their Lord. The truth they have believed, however, shows their failure to be proof that we are all sinners in need of God's grace.
美国的基督徒在顺服他们的神这件事上，有成功了也有失败，然而，他们所信奉的真理显明了一件事，就是他们的失败验证了我们都是需要神的恩典的罪人。
succeeded:成功了
People are limited and rational to the effective way which realizes one's own intention and equalization point in vacillating now to the left, now to the right in thinking and behaviour.
人是有限理性的人，人的知识和智慧的稀缺性导致了人在思维和行为上总是试图在左右摇摆不定中寻找到实现自身意愿的有效途径和平衡点。
vacillating:摇摆不定
In order to do so, targets need to be set for these four areas.
为了达到这个目的，需要为这四个区域放目标。
set:放
The last four steps are designed to run in parallel with each other or as multithreaded command sequences.
最后四步设计的为并行运行或者作为多线程的命令序列。
designed:设计的
This product, in particular, pursues a social responsibility as a design product. A portion of the profits from selling product will be donated to an animal preservation group.
尤其要提到的是，这项设计充分体现了设计者的社会责任感，这款产品卖利润中的一部分将会捐赠给一家动物保护组织。
selling:卖
For several years, Tom and I made good incomes writing books, articles, and whitepapers without ever meeting, in person, any of the people we were working for.
有好几年，我和汤姆通过写书、写文章以及白皮书就获得了很好的收入，甚至跟那些我们为之在职的的人都从未谋面过。
working:在职的
And I have found myself in plenty of situations where I’ve wanted to give someone (my husband, a colleague) what I thought was helpful advice only to inadvertently offend him or her.
我也曾无数次的历经过这种情况，本打算给某人（我丈夫或一个同事）我认为有帮助的建议，结果却只带来了不经心的得罪。
offend:得罪
Now, in point of fact, many ordinary trade books circulate far more than 26 times before they're ready for the discard pile.
现在，事实是，许多普通交易的图书在它们被丢弃之前的流通次数远远大于26次。
circulate:流通
However, newer standards often are not completely supported in the latest versions of some browsers because, in practice, these standards usually run ahead of what the browsers support.
但是，新的标准经常不受某些浏览器的最新版本的支持的，因为，在实践中，这些标准通常都会超前于浏览器所能提供的支持的。
supported:支持的
It also seems to relate these poems to folk forms and to the wisdom of the folk. Jane speaks in praise of love, in praise of satisfaction.
它好像还和民间故事形态,和民间故事的智慧有涉及，珍妮,赞美爱，赞美满足。
relate:涉及
report to, inquire of or make suggestions to relevant administrative departments on issues concerning the legal rights and interests of consumers;
就关于消费者合法权益的问题，向关于行政部门反映、查询，提出建议；
concerning:关于
The testing result demonstrates that the software and hardware of the controller are designed in reason, and satisfy the design requirements.
实际测试及运行结果表明，本控制器软硬件设计的合理，满足设计的要求。
designed:设计的
On the one hand, we should strengthen exterior intendance and steer in reason.
一方面，要加强外部监管和合理驾驶；
steer:驾驶
CAPM It's abbreviated as the CAPM and I'm not going to do it justice here, I'm sorry, but there are so many ins and outs of this.
它的缩写的是,我不打算在这做进一步阐释，不好意思，但是这里有很多值得深究的东西。
abbreviated:缩写的
They all focus on face-to-face communication and fast release cycles, and they aim to deliver a working piece of software in short time periods.
它们全都集中于面对面的交流和快速的发布周期，并且它们的目标都是在短时间内交付软件的可在职的部分。
working:在职的
Latin concept - Meeting where wide - scoped matters are debated, usually in sight of creating an exchange between the participants;
拉丁概念-会议 ，宽阔的范围的问题进行辩论过 ，通常是在创建的参与者之间的视线；
debated:辩论过
I started to be more present. I meditate more and I stay in silence more.
我开始更加注重现在。每天都会让自己有更多的幽思和沉默。
meditate:幽思
Although the United States argues that NATO can act without such outside authority, almost all of NATO's European members insist upon it.
尽管美国在争辩说北约可以在没有外部势力参与的情况下执行行为，但是几乎所有的北约欧洲成员国却都在抵制他。
act:行为
If nothing else ever changes in your life, know that in spite of everything, you can be happy.
如果在你生活中没有什么变化的话，你得知道不管怎样你都可以快乐。
changes:变化
Live in spite of much disappointed, don't let oneself lose a beautiful mind.
不论居住多失意，都不要让自己失去美的心灵。
Live:居住
Instead of tracking included use cases separately from the other use cases, we grouped them in whichever package logically included their function.
代替追踪被包括的与其他用例分离的用例，我们将这些用例组织到逻辑上包含他们的功能的包中。
tracking:追踪
The reader is left to imagine a culture in which institutions, leaders, events, ethics feel improvised and lacking in substance.
读者被留下来去想象一种文化，在其中机构，领导者，重大事件，伦理感觉像是即兴的创作之物而在实质上有所缺乏。
improvised:即兴的
The owner of the bedroom, is subject, in the living space design, we always adhere to the owner's living intend for design goal, different people have different ways of life needs.
业主，是居室的主体，在居住空间设计中，我们一直坚持以业主的居住意愿为设计目标，不同的人就有不同的活的需求。
living:活的
There is no manual for how to best do this, and intuition can only get you so far in the absence of experience and mentoring.
对此我们并没有现成的操作指南，在缺乏经验和辅导的情况下，你只能依赖直觉行事。
mentoring:辅导
We have learned to fly in the air like birds and swim in the sea like fish, but we have not learned the simple art of living together as brothers.
虽然我们已经学会了在空中像鸟儿一样飞翔，在海中像鱼儿一样游荡，但我们还是没有学会兄弟般一起活的的简朴艺术。
living:活的
We no longer have a safety margin to ensure price stability in the face of supply interruptions and demand spikes.
这就使我们在面对供应中断和要求高峰时，不再具备能够保证价格稳定的安全裕度。
demand:要求
It is why we must act with urgency in the face of an emergency.
正是因此我们在面对紧急情况时必须立即采取行为。
act:行为
But the bigger truth is that if you find yourself maintaining your code too often, your application was probably poorly designed in the first place.
但是，更重要的事实是如果您发现自己维护代码过于频繁，那么首先您的应用程序的设计的可能是很糟糕的。
designed:设计的
Planning is key, not only for tracking your progress, but to insure that you can finish on time in the first place.
制订计划是非常关键的，不仅对追踪进度是如此，而且对首先确保您能够按时完成项目也是如此。
tracking:追踪
The recent passage of health care reform is aimed at fixing our broken system, but many of us want to know: why is our health care so expensive in the first place?
刚刚过去的医疗卫生改革瞄准的即在于修复我们已经崩溃的体系，但是我们很多人却想知道，首先，为什么我们的医疗花费如此昂贵？
aimed:瞄准的
I don't check all this here in the interest of simplicity.
为了保证简单，我在此并没有执行查看。
check:查看
Identify new operations - Business process flows or any micro flows are to be analyzed in the light of business errors that individual services in a process flow could throw.
标识新操作——业务流程（长流程）或者任何微流程（短流程）都需要根据各自服务在其流程中可能抛出的业务错误来加以分析了。
analyzed:分析了
Finally, check whether the global counter reached zero, and if so, invoke the receive activity waiting in the main scope.
最后，查看全局计数器是否已达到零，如果是，调用主范围中等待的接收活动。
check:查看
Searching this data structure for query results will be performed in the main program logic.
在主程序逻辑中执行数据结构搜索中以获得查询结果。
Searching:搜索中
To guide works regarding supervision, administration, emergency inspection and information construction in the matter of food and drugs.
指食品药品关于方面的监督管理、应急稽查和信息化建设工作。
regarding:关于
It felt good to be in the open air again somehow cleansing after all the smoke and noise.
再次呼吸着外面新鲜的空气中的毛毡真好，至少没有餐馆里的烟熏火燎和嘈杂之声。
felt:毛毡
It would be possible, in theory at least, for candidates to campaign only in the 12 most populous states and win the presidency.
否则，候选人只需在人口最多的12个州展开活动便有可能当选总统，至少在理论上有这种可能；
campaign:活动
Then, in the wake of, and as part of the response to, the economic downturn, government debts and deficits grow to unsustainable levels that can lead to default or inflation if not corrected.
接下来，如果得不到更正的话，作为其反应的一部分，经济下滑，政府债务，以及赤字增长至不可持续水平，都可能导致违约或通货膨胀。
corrected:更正
In the wake of devastation, they recognized that if human rights are not protected, peace is a hollow promise.
在巨大的灾难之后，他们意识到，如果人权得不到受保护，那么和平只是空洞的承诺。
protected:受保护
Television can stand in the way of relationships, life and more. Turn off your TV and spend more time living and exercising your mind and body.
看电视过多会妨碍人际交往,日常活的与其它许多方面.关掉电视机,把更多的时间用于日常活的与身心的锻炼.
living:活的
But frequently what we see are disruptions in the way that a protein, it’s like an insulation sheath around the nerve cell, grows and develops.
但是，我们经常看到一种蛋白质的成长和发育的途径被打断，这种蛋白质就像一个神经细胞周围绝缘护套。
grows:成长
Until recently, technology stood in the way of achieving these goals.
直到最近，技术妨碍了这些目标的达到。
achieving:达到
Pink tutu and frilly umbrella, both drifted off like a dandelion in the wind.
粉色的的短裙，镶边的雨伞，都象蒲公英一样随风消逝。
Pink:粉色的
When the buffer fills, it wraps so that it provides a finite view back in time of optimized local adapter processing.
在缓冲区填满时，它进行包裹，以使其在优化的本地适配器处理时提供有限的视图。
wraps:包裹
The central feature of many villages was the church — imposing edifices of brick and stone that were used as shelters in time of danger.
许多村庄的中心建筑就是教堂——这些庄严的砖石结构建筑在危险时刻可以当做避难所用过的。
used:用过的
But many commentators ridiculed the idea that INIS would act without the prime minister's approval and pointed out that the court awarded damages in the case to Maliki.
但是，许多评论家嘲讽那种伊拉克国家情报局会在未经总理批准下采取行为的观点，并指出法院在这一案件中判决对马利基进行赔偿。
act:行为
Some choose a nomadic life because they want to be more in touch with nature; others to live on the edge of society without a national insurance number or fixed address.
一些人选择游牧生活，是因为他们想更接近自然；其他的人生活在社会边缘，是因为他们没有社会保险号码或固定的的住址。
fixed:固定的
We will examine each area, in turn, and describe its methods and practices contents.
我们将依次分析每个区域，并描述其方法和做法内容。
practices:做法
The Virginia Republican was videotaped using the word "macaca" in reference to an American of Indian descent who worked for the campaign of Allen's opponent, Democrat James Webb.
这位弗吉尼亚州共和党党员在谈到关于一位具有印第安血统的美国人的时候，他使用了"macaca"这个词，这件事情被录相机所记录，而此人正是为Allen的竞选对手民主党的JamesWebb工作过。
worked:工作过
Is your spouse so jealous of or threatened by your friends and family that you hardly ever see them anymore?
你的配偶是不是对你的朋友和家人过于嫉妒或感到受到威胁，以至于你现在已经基本上不联系他们了？
threatened:受到威胁
Auditors tend to let directors get away with murder, for if they protest at creative accounting the firm is promptly sacked in favor of a substitute that will not jib at economy with the facts.
审计员们一般都会让董事们过关，因为如果反对公司篡改数据，他们马上就会被那些不会对实际经济状况挑刺的人替代。
protest:反对
In order to make a difference, we must all join forces and act.
为作出改变，我们大家必须联合力量，采取行为。
act:行为
Once you start doing something, then others will likely join in and you ’ll be amazed at how your efforts will snowball.
一旦你开始做某事，其他人就可能会加入你，而你会惊讶于自己的努力像滚雪球一样越滚越大。
snowball:滚雪球
Then set up another pool of threads that join on the second queue, and then do work on the Web page.
然后，对加入到第二个队列中的另一个线程池进行放，然后对Web页面执行相应的处理。
set:放
However, they expect Mon refugees and many Mon living in Thailand will join up to support the ethnic army in the event of war.
然而，他们预计，一旦开战，孟族难民及许多活的在泰国的孟族人将会加入孟邦部队、声援该少数民族和平组织。
living:活的
And I could see that she felt the same re me, i.e., what had all that fuss been about just now?
而且我看得出她对我也是同样的毛毡。刚才是怎么了，至于为对方这么个人大惊小怪吗？
felt:毛毡
Into should still keep after living well ventilated, notice the some big and foliar green plant in implantation at the same time, can effectively ameliorative indoors air quantity.
入住后仍应保持通风的，同时注意培植一些大叶的绿色植物，可有效改善室内空气质量。
ventilated:通风的
Perfect for people with allergies, this sleeping bag will keep away pollen, dust mites, fungi and other allergy triggers.
易过敏人士的完美的睡袋，这款睡袋可以帮你有效躲避花粉、纤尘、细菌以及其它易造引起过敏的物质。
Perfect:完美的
The man who works the long hours has no necessities except the barest to keep body and soul together, so he can work.
日作品时间长的人，除了维持最低的生活水平以便能继续劳动外没有别的需求。
works:作品
The man who works the long hours has no necessities except the barest to keep body and soul together, so he can work. He goes to sleep and dreams of work;
日作品时间长的人，除了维持最低的生活水平以便能继续劳动外没有别的需求。
works:作品
But alone, it is not a diet designed to keep body and soul together.
但独自的，那不是一种饮食设计的来保持身体和灵魂在一起。
designed:设计的
Whether you’re working out or working a desk job, your body needs water to work well and keep cool.
不论是锻炼身体还是在办公室在职的，身体都需要足够的水分来保持在职的效率，使身体舒适。
working:在职的
If anyone reads this and has just been diagnosed I know its hard but there is light at the end of the tunnel and just keep going on and never look back.
看到这里的时候你如果已经拿到了确诊结果，我知道这对你很艰难，但是你要相信漆黑通道的尽头还有一片亮光，继续前行吧，不必回头。
diagnosed:确诊
It is learned that the two sides have agreed to keep in contact on handling the incident and other related issues.
据了解，中美双方同意将继续就处理撞机事件及其它有关的问题保持联系。
related:有关的
America must keep out of this war. The President and the Congress should be supported in their every effort to keep us out.
美国应该置身战争之外，总统和国会为此所做的一切努力都应得到支持的，美国可以置身战争之外，只要全国人民意志坚定。
supported:支持的
Gillman says that if plants in warmer climates evolve more quickly, mammals living there will also have to speed up their evolution to keep pace with their food's rapidly adapting defenses.
吉尔曼称，如果生长在比较温暖气候中的植物发展得较快，生活在那里的动物也将不得不加快发展速度，以便跟其食物的快速适应性防御保持同步。
evolve:发展
These countries, it concludes, risk losing much of their potential gains if they fail to keep pace with reforms being made by their trading partners.
报告得出的总结是，如果这些国家不能与其贸易伙伴保持同样的改革步伐，它们就有可能失去很多潜在收益。
concludes:总结
Yes, mortgage can I come to return, car can I to provide, but most at least, you have to have the ability keep live you oneself, otherwise, you have with a rice worm again does what distinct?
做，房贷可以我来还，车子可以我来供，但最起码，你得有能力养得活你自己，否则，你和一条米虫又有什么区别？
does:做
Now two people have already had four kids two males among them a female get to keep, minimum of the daughter is oneself to living ed of, envy them a 6 people too of happy life!
如今两人已经有四个孩子其中两男一女是领养的，最小的女儿是自己生的，太羡慕他们一家6口的幸福活的了！
living:活的
Petrov says the law adopted by the Duma is one in a series of measures aimed at imposing more stringent conditions on foreign investment in industries the government wants to keep under control.
彼得洛夫说，国家杜马通过这项议案是俄罗斯采取的一系列措施之一，这些措施的瞄准的是更严格地限制外国人在俄罗斯政府打算控制的工业领域进行投资。
aimed:瞄准的
This could be something that gives you great satisfaction but something that you prefer to keep under wraps or to express by working in solitude.
这东西可能给你带来极大的满足，而是一件你想要保守保密在职的或表达的孤独。
working:在职的
We call (American football) football, but we actually throw it a lot more than we kick it.
我们称美式足球（橄榄球）为football，但实际上我们更多的是投球，而不是踢。
kick:踢
Still another meaning of the word kick is to free oneself of a bad habit, such as smoking cigarettes. Health campaigns urge smokers to kick the habit.
还有一个词的含义是踢自由的一个坏习惯，如吸烟，自己。健康活动呼吁吸烟者戒烟。
campaigns:活动
Lock mouth and low level of technology not level off is smooth, even some still have caused the extrusion hard knock against trace.
锁口工艺等级低，不平整光滑，甚至有的还有硬器挤压磕碰造成的凹痕迹。
level:等级
A good way to get rid of these is to firmly knock the pitcher against the work bench.
除去这些泡泡的一个好方法是把拉花杯在工作台上用力敲。
knock:敲
For those of you who do not know about dyslexia, it is a syndrome more common among boys than girls and those who have it see things backwards or reverse, as if seeing things in a mirror.
对于那些你们谁不知道读写困难症患者，这是一个综合症男生比女生更在和那些谁也看东西倒退或撤销常见，因为如果在镜子看到的东西。
reverse:撤销
We know from the past that awareness campaigns to stop Aids pay off.
我们从过去知道防止艾滋病的认识活动有利于人们健康。
campaigns:活动
We know from his own testimony the doubts and the pain this caused him, and that the controversy that would swirl around his actions would last until the fateful day he died.
我们从他自己的证词中知道这曾给他带来疑惑和痛苦，这些围绕他行动的争议持续到他去世的最后的那一天。
last:最后的
Fitting -in electric or air ultrasonic lapping machine, this series files can largely improve working efficiency and easing the intensity of labour at the same time.
本系列锉刀配合电动，气动或超声波研磨机使用，可大幅度提高在职的效率，减轻使用者的劳动强度。
working:在职的
As well as opposing the Iraq war (a magnet for disaffected Labour voters at that election), they promised generous goodies such as free care for the elderly, all paid for by tax increases.
除了反对伊拉克战争（在竞选中对于怨气冲天的工党的投票人是一个有吸引力的主张），他们还做出了一些慷慨的承诺的，例如，增加税收，来为老年人提供免费的照料。
promised:承诺的
Later on, if I need this folder object again, I can get it from this cache rather than making another round trip to get it.
如果稍后再次需要这个文件夹目的，可以从这个缓存获取它，而不是再往返一次去获取它。
object:目的
The user requests the shipping and then, later on, responds to a request from the shipper to process the completed schedule.
用户要求得到传递，并且在稍后会响应来自传递者的要求以处理完成之后的日程安排。
requests:要求
Upon launch in the first half of 2007, the N - Gage will release with at least 15 first - party titles.
在2007 年的上半年的开始之上，N-规格将会以至少15第一-宴会的名称发布。
release:发布
Unable to load game fixed - For some users, a DOS window would open and close immediately upon Game Launch, GTA IV would never launch.
无法加载游戏固定的-对于某些用户，DOS窗口会打开和关闭游戏时立即启动，多伦多四决不会推出。
fixed:固定的
This monograph is focused primarily upon wind effectsonlarge launch vehicles as represented by thefamily of Saturn vehicles.
这个专著，主要专注的研究大型发射飞行器上风的影响，以“土星族”飞行器为代表。
focused:专注的
By the time of the in -person interview, there ’s such a high probability that we ’re going to want to hire this person that it ’s time to launch into full -press recruitment.
到了面对面的面试这一步，面试者就很有可能被我们聘请，所以现在是时候启动全场紧逼式的招募了。
hire:聘请
A few hours away lay sandy- beached Handa, an island once ruled by its oldest widow.
几小时航程之外是搁浅簇拥的翰达岛，这个岛曾经由翰达最年长的寡妇管理。
beached:搁浅
The hive is, therefore, so important that every worker is willing to lay down its life to protect it, should its safety be threatened.
正因为蜂房如此重要，所以一旦蜂房的安全受到受到威胁，每只工蜂都会不惜牺牲性命来捍卫它。
threatened:受到威胁
All I knew was that I could not lay over the painting again and I must maintain the creating traces of them all. So I worked hardly the whole evening.
我知道，我不可能再次去覆盖整幅作品，而且进行中还要保留其他4个人的印记，就这样稀里糊涂地进行了一个傍晚的工作过。
worked:工作过
Carry out a practice run with the team lead in the demonstration room.
在演示场所与团队带领一起执行一次实际的演示过程。
lead:带领
The UN takes the lead in all civilian efforts in Afghanistan, from humanitarian assistance for starving Afghans to paying the police force.
联合国在所有阿富汗的民间活动中起到带头作用，从为挨饿的阿富汗人提供人道援助到支付警察的工资。
starving:挨饿
Jhazy: Alloraan and I will basically talk 95% of the time telling each other what's going on. We call out our swaps a lot and I usually lead off with a Serpent Sting.
Alloraan和我95%的讲话时间都是告诉队友场上的情况。我们转换目标时会大喊而我通常会先给那个目标上一个毒蛇钉刺。
talk:讲话
Among those who will lead the way on scientific and climate issues is Secretary of Energy - designate Steven Chu, a Nobel Prize-winning physicist.
在科学与气候问题上将发挥带领作用的官员之一是能源部长提名人、诺贝尔奖得主、物理学家朱棣文。
lead:带领
In the lead up to World Health Day, WHO is following the experiences of six mothers -to-be living in different countries of the world.
在世界卫生日之前，世界卫生组织正在跟踪活的在世界上不同国家的六个母亲活的情况。
living:活的
But the United States has to free trade, and in that sense, it's likely to lean on the direction of keeping it open, the problems will arise if India does not reciprocate.
但美国非常坚决地,自由贸易，因而，其政策会倾向于,保持对外开放，如果印度不接受,这个机会营造往复便会产生矛盾。
reciprocate:往复
Here the Authentic love was strictly defined as: holy, selfless, lean on mutually and so forth.
所谓的“牢靠的爱情”被严格的定义的为：纯洁的、不自私的、彼此互相依赖等等。
defined:定义的
The script will also AUTOMATICALLY auto - share WITHOUT input. If pop-up blockers will be a problem with this requirement, we can leave it off.
脚本的情况下自动地将输入的自动地共享。如果弹出式窗口拦截器将是这项规定的问题，我们可以把它关闭。
AUTOMATICALLY:自动地
I leave it up to you to draw your own conclusions, but it is a question worth thinking about.
我把这个问题留给你，你来得出自己的结论，但这确实是一个值得思维的问题。
thinking:思维
By following these ideas, it will help ensure that people will continue to lend a hand when you ask.
如果你能做到下列的几点，那么当你今后再次寻求帮助时，对方仍然会伸出援助之手。
following:下列的
Many countries are now providing grants to adapt homes, paying families for the care they provide and supplying helpers to give a hand with things like dressing and bathing.
目前许多国家为改建私房提供补助（使之更方便老人居住），资助照顾老人的家庭，在为老人敷料、洗澡等日常事务上提供帮手。
dressing:敷料
Some of this content may lend itself to being expressed using SysML or Object Constraint Language (OCL) and used to validate architectural artifacts generated by the modeling tool.
一些内容可能适用于用SysML或对象约束语言 (OCL) 进行表达，并用于证实建模工具生成的工件。
expressed:表达
Agricultural Bank has been grappling with turning around a business directed by the government to lend to farmers and agriculture - related businesses, often in poor areas.
农行一直努力改善其由政府指导、向农民和农业有关的企业贷款的业务，而这些贷款对象往往都是在贫困地区。
related:有关的
This setting decreases the TCP / IP code path length by limiting the code that is loaded in the IOP for the line description.
该环境可以减少TCP/IP代码路径长度 —— 它限制了IOP 中用于线路描述而加载的代码。
setting:环境
And LED light source cotst less energy with high light efficiency. Its service life can reach no less than 12 hours after charging one time to meet the requirement on duty.
引领光源能耗小，光效高。一次充电后连续工作时不低于12小时，可满足当班工作的需要。
LED:引领
The semantic web provides a good infrastructure for building and deploying a decentralized framework for policy and privacy integration, but it has yet to be developed, let alone adopted.
语义网提供了一个良好的基础结构来为策略和隐私的整合建立和部署一个分散的框架，但是它尚待发达，更别说被采用了。
developed:发达
Once they have let off steam online, people can become less inclined to take part in real - world struggles for democracy.
一旦人们可以在网上发泄不满，他们就变得不那么倾向于参加现实世界的民主挣扎。
struggles:挣扎
Helen chose you without reason because she loves you without cause; embrace her without question and watch your weather change. Let go.
海伦毫无理性地选择了你，因为她对你的喜欢,也无原因，别问什么，拥抱她,看着你的境遇变迁，放开。
loves:喜欢
Let ’s let go of the obsession with speed, and instead slow down, stop rushing, and enjoy life.
别再那样了，慢的下来，停止匆忙，学习开始享受生活。而这仍然能让你把所有的事情做完。
slow:慢的
The growing web of machines we let loose needs us to run the power stations, build the factories that make the computers, and repair things when they go wrong - and will do for some time yet.
我们制造出来的这个不断发展的机器网络需要我们运营电厂、建设生产计算机的工厂、维修发生故障的机器（起码在不远的将来仍会如此）。
repair:维修
So the public was let loose, to help sort what they had found.
因此他们向公众求助，种类那些找到的数据。
sort:种类
They let loose this second replicator and began the process of memetic evolution in which memes competed to be selected by humans to be copied again.
他们开启了第二复制因子并开始了媒母进化，而媒母的参加比赛又是由人来选择继续再次复制。
competed:参加比赛
Each day, slowly let out the kitten for a few minutes to let the other cats get to know them, gradually allowing more and more time together - supervised, of course.
每天都把小猫放出去几分钟，让其他猫咪熟悉它们，之后时间可以逐渐延长——但一定在你的受监督的之下。
supervised:受监督的
On a slow accumulation of gas, due perhaps to slight overload, gas produced by decomposition of insulating oil accumulates in the top of the relay and forces the oil level down.
在气体慢积累模式中，可能由于轻微过在，绝缘的油分解产生的气体在继电器的顶部聚集，迫使油位下降。
insulating:绝缘的
You'll know you've brought your stress level down when your gut becomes warm, spacious, soft, or quiet, or conveys some other comfortable sensation.
如果的胃开始温暖，空旷，柔软，平静或者带来了什么其它舒服的感觉，你就将发现你已经把精神压力等级降低了。
level:等级
Water in the Dawan reservoir was threatening to overflow, forcing relief workers to dig channels to bring the level down at the weekend.
水在大湾水库威胁的要溢出，迫使救援人员挖的渠道，使水平下降在上周末。
threatening:威胁的
The research also shows that if nothing changes significantly in the environment and culture in the USA, about 42% of adults will be obese in about 40 years and then the obesity rate will level off.
该调查也显示如果美国环境和文化没有什么重大变化，在大约四十年后大概百分之四十二的成年人会变胖，然后肥胖率会渐趋平稳。
changes:变化
When I have friends visit from other countries, I don't meditate every day, and I drink more than I should. But then things level off, and I return to my disciplines.
当我的外国朋友来时，我不会每天深思幽思，而是和他们一道酩酊大醉，但是当生活正常后，我会重返常态--严格要求自己。
meditate:幽思
If you were to measure the higher levels of happiness that money achieves, the curve would simply level out.
如果你想测量金钱所能够达到的幸福等级，你会发现曲线仅仅是一条等级线。
level:等级
After the downward roll, I begin a recovery pull to level out.
在向下滚转之后，我开始重新拉到等级退出。
level:等级
As followers level up, they'll also advance visually, becoming more powerful looking.
随著追随者装备等级的提高，他们在视觉上看起来也会变得更加强大。
level:等级
For every new Bluetooth device you find, you gain experience points that helps you level up and increase your global online ranking.
对于每一个新的蓝牙设备您查找，您获得的经验点，帮助你的等级，并提高您的全球在线排名。
level:等级
As you level up, you can go to cities to work as laborers, but careful, you go faster when you pay the money might be friends stolen.
当你的等级，你可以到城市工作的劳动者，但小心，你走得更快当你支付的钱被盗，可能是朋友。
level:等级
Win battles, gain experience, level up and use your commander points to gain access to upgrades and various weapons.
打胜仗，取得经验，等级，并利用你的指挥官点，以获取升级和各种武器。
level:等级
Increase your XP to level up, which will give you Attribute Points to spend on boosting your player's abilities.
增加你的经验等级，这将增加你的属性点，用于提高球员的能力。
level:等级
They then had two options: to lie about what colour their disks were, or tell the truth.
接着他们有两种选择：说出碟子真实的颜色或者说谎。
lie:说谎
The shrimps lie in wait on the seabed and either smash or spear their prey with their heavily calcified claws.
这些虾们就躺在海底等待时机，瞅准机会就会用它们的钙化的的大钳击碎或刺穿猎物。
calcified:钙化的
Tell them a different way of thinking about something, one that sheds new light on what it means.
告诉大家关于某一问题的不同的思维方式，使它散发出新的光彩。
thinking:思维
You have walked among us a spirit, and your shadow has been a light upon our faces.
你曾是一个在我们中间走了的神灵，你的影儿曾明光似地照亮我们的脸。
walked:走了
The proteins chosen to light up are ones the bacteria don't normally use, so unless the researchers activate them, they stay quiescent.
用于点亮的蛋白为细菌通常不具有的蛋白，所以除非研究人员启用这些蛋白，否则他们不会出现。
activate:启用
These signal units are used to bring a link up or down and verify that it is working correctly.
这些信令单元用于建立或撤消某个链路并验证链路是否正常在职的。
working:在职的
To interact with a sensor, an application must register to listen for activity related to one or more sensors.
要与传感器交互，应用程序必须注册以侦听与一个或多个传感器有关的的活动。
related:有关的
"The president and America are going to listen in London, as well as to lead, "Gibbs said.
总统和美国在伦敦会议上担负带领责任的同时，也会倾听各方意见。
lead:带领
They practice daily, have instructors, listen to their own voices, do breathing exercises, and stretch their vocal range little by little.
这些人每天都在实践，他们有指导老师，他们听自己的声音，做呼吸实践，一点一点的开扩音域。
practice:实践
They still live by hunting and gathering, but they're interpreting the world through art.
他们的生存方式仍旧是打猎与采集，然而他们已经通过艺术来诠释世界。
hunting:打猎
When I was first married I did not have a job, and we had to live from hand to mouth.
已婚初期，我没有工作，因此我们两个人只得过吃一顿算一顿的生活。
married:已婚
When I was first married I didn't have a job, and we had to live from hand to mouth.
已婚初期，我没有工作，因此我们两个人只得过吃一顿算一顿的生活。
married:已婚
Despite the general negative findings, it is important to remember that all children who live through a divorce do not behave in the same way.
尽管父母离异对孩子有普遍的负面影响，但经历父母离异的孩子会有不同的表现反应，记住这一点很重要。
behave:表现
If he wanted to live through the next year, the chef would have to learn this life and fill it—and oddly, this felt not like a robbery but an apology, a way to put the world back in balance.
如果厨师还想活到来年的话，他就得学着过这种人生并将其填满——奇怪的是，这种毛毡并不像是要将别人的东西据为已有似的，而更像某种勉为其难的替代物，一种让世界恢复平衡的手段。
felt:毛毡
You had better look about you and ascertain what you do, and what yon mean to do.
你最好注意点，动作要明白探明，意思也不要含糊。
ascertain:探明
Following talking about a pig is somewhat different, I pigs when it is already four years old, from the sub said, it is pork. But look black skin, bright eyes bright.
下列的谈到的一只猪有些与众不同，我喂猪时它已经四正岁了，从名分上说，它是肉猪，但长得又黑又瘦，两眼炯炯有光。
Following:下列的
It is not surprising that modern children tend to look blank and dispirited when informed that they will someday have to "go to work and make a living ".
当如今的小孩被告知他们将有一天不得不去“工作与谋生”时，他们可能面露茫然与颓废，这不足为奇。
dispirited:颓废
It is not surprising that modern children lend to look blank and dispirited when informed that they will someday have to "go to work and make a living ".
当如今的小孩被告知他们将来有一天不得不去“工作与谋生”时他们可能面露茫然与颓废，这不足为奇。
dispirited:颓废
You ’re a hardworking person, you have to look down your nose at the lazy people, people that aren’t getting jobs, people that aren’t working like they ought to.
你若是一个在职的努力的人，你就不由得看不起那些懒散的人，那些不找在职的的人，那些本该认真在职的却总凑合的人。
working:在职的
I have achieved varying degrees of fluency in 12 languages, and look forward to learning more.
我已经在12门语言上达到了变化的程度的流利，还期待学更多种语言。
varying:变化的
"He fixed his vivid eyes on Archer as he lit another cigarette." Voyez -vous, Monsieur, to be able to look life in the face: that's worth living in a garret for, isn't it?
当阿切尔点燃又一支烟时，里维埃目光炯炯地盯着他说：“您瞧，先生，为了能够正视活的，即使住在阁楼也值得，对吗？
living:活的
Look into their working history and get feedback from past or current clients to see if they meet your needs.
看看他的在职的记录。观察他过往的病人和现在的病人，看看这名医生是否符合你的需要。
working:在职的
When you are putting your hand on her, whether you are caressing or squeezing... or petting or holding or any other kind of touching... Look into her eyes as you are doing it.
当你把手指放在她身上的时候，无论你是爱抚，挤，或者摩挲或握，或者其他任何一种的爱抚方式，当你做的时候看着她的眼睛。
caressing:爱抚
To look into: Mapping the user to All Authenticated Users, or to Everyone.
要调查：就将用户测绘为所有授权的用户，或测绘为每个人。
Mapping:测绘
I have travel'd a long way merely to look on you to touch you.
我旅行过这么长时间只为了看看你，抚摸你。
travel'd:旅行过
Look out for the following cultural mistakes and try to avoid them while going abroad.
到国外时要特别留心并尽量避免误入下列的几种文化陷阱。
following:下列的
Courts often look to legislative intent for guidance in interpreting and applying a law.
法院经常注意到立法意图，以此作为口译或适用法律之指南。
interpreting:口译
While some programs look up and modify the values contained in XML documents, others modify the structure of the document itself by adding and removing nodes.
虽然某些程序查找和修改包含在XML文档中的值，而另一些则通过添加和删除节点来修改文档本身的结构。
removing:删除
So before advising less experienced founders who look up to you not to trust others simply because they work in a given industry, think long and hard about the logic and the impact of those words.
因此，当缺乏经验的创始人前来向你取经，在向他们发出忠告，指出某些人仅仅因为从事某个行业就不值得相信之前，不妨深思熟虑，想想这些话是否在理，又会产生什么影响。
trust:相信
But as our working lives take over, we lose contact with some old friends causing the number to drop to around 68 by the time we reach 29 -years-old.
但是随着在职的生涯持续接管我们的生活，我们会跟老朋友失去联系，到29岁的时候，我们的社交圈人数会跌到只有68人左右。
working:在职的
Too much rebound damping will keep the suspension compressed when it should be extending to follow the road on the downside of a bump, and the wheel will lose contact with the ground.
当摩托车处在障碍物的下坡段时，悬挂应该延伸以确保轮胎紧贴路面，但过高的回弹减震会导致悬挂还保持在压缩情况下，并且轮胎失去与地面的接触。
damping:减震
The first was working in a circulation analysis department of a publishing empire made up of recently - merged and warring trade magazines.
第一次是当我在一家大出版公司（出版一些关于最新兼并和商战的杂志）的发行分析部在职的时。
working:在职的
Create a large image made up of smaller tiles that comprise a subject related to the pie slice.
创建一张由许多小贴图构成的大图像，这些小图像包含与饼图分区有关的的主题。
related:有关的
Since 1964 until 1968 he attended Brera artistic High School and he graduated from Brera School of Arts (major in sculpturing) in 1972.
自1964年至1968年，他就读于布雷拉艺术高中，于1972年从布雷拉艺术学院毕业（主修雕刻）。
sculpturing:雕刻
Educational background in business administration with major in secretarial science and two summers of full -time ork experience. Working knowledge of all common office machines.
有工商管理的学历，主修秘书学，两年暑假的全职在职的经验。对办公室所有常用机器有运用知识。
Working:在职的
Analysts expect the pace of jobs growth to improve, but remain too slow to make a dent in unemployment levels.
股市动向尚不明朗，外界等待美国11月份非农就业人数报告公布，分析师预计美国11月就业岗位的增长速度有所提升，但是增速依然缓慢，不足以降低目前居高不下的失业率。
improve:提升
They also make a point of helping others feel good, too. It ’s an “I ’m OK, You ’re OK ” attitude.
自信的人也乐于帮助别人感受到力量和认可，那是一种“我很好，你们也很好’的态度。
’:’
Because various reason such as: Nonlinear, asymmetry of material, complexity of damping mechanism, and be hard to make certain of coupling, making a accurate calculating is subjected to restrictive.
由于多方面的原因，如：非线性因素、材料的不均匀性、减震机理的复杂性，再加上联结刚度难以确定等等，使得有限元计算的准确性受到限制。
damping:减震
Faults are analyzed by means of an improved fault tree analysis, and several fault trees are built for every kind of faults, then make down - way quantity analysis with the minimal cut set theory.
采用一种改进的故障树分析了方法对所得到的故障进行分析了，根据每类故障分别建造了多棵故障树，并以最小割集理论按下行法对各树进行了定量分析了。
analyzed:分析了
A young man should go out and see the world when free and make friends with you peers. If you just live a shut -youself-up life, you cannot keep your working enthusiasm for long, so it won't last long.
年轻人，没事多出去走走，和同龄人交交朋友，生活太封闭会直接影响你对这份在职的的长久激情。
working:在职的
Learn how to make your stories believable in this free video with storytelling tips and techniques for entertaining audiences of all ages.
了解如何为所有年龄的有趣的观众在这方面与你的故事讲故事的技巧和技术的免费视频可信。
entertaining:有趣的
But critics fear that an enforced code of conduct would use obscenity as an excuse to target the hugely popular political satire programmes that make fun of the nation’s ruling classes.
但是批评家担心一部强制的的引导法规会被下流的用于针对极度流行的取笑统治阶级的政治讽刺事件。
enforced:强制的
A kung fu master does not simply make good choices and use effective instruments to satisfy whatever preferences a person happens to have.
一位功夫大师不是简单地做出好的决定、使用有效的器具来满足一个人随时产生的不论什么优先。
preferences:优先
This course teaches students when to use force and when to use persuasion and helps people make good choices.
这门课教导学员们何时动用武力，何时采用劝说手段，并帮助人们做出正确的选择。
teaches:教导
Jesus blessed water and made it wine: the water which we drink is far better to us than any of the wine with which men make merry; every drop has a benediction in it.
耶稣也曾使水变酒，这水要比一般人饮酒作乐的酒要好太多，每一滴都有上帝的有福的。
blessed:有福的
With the advent of globalization and borderless trade comes the misguided belief that English is a panacea for all, a mastery of which will invariably make one's upward social mobility way easier.
伴随著全球化和无国界贸易的来，误以为英语是所有事物的万灵丹，精通英语将无疑使个人往更容易通往社会高阶。
comes:来
Clay hated the abolitionists and the great noise they were beginning to make over slavery.
克莱讨厌废奴主义者和他们所带来的噪声，他们正在奴役他人。
hated:讨厌
You really can’t lose on this deal. You get a free eBook detailing how I make over $40K a month from blogging and you ’ll get a chance to win an Apple iPad as well.
你得到一本免费的电子书，详细讲述我如何每个月从运营写博客中赚到超过4万美元而且你同时将有机会去赢取一部苹果iPad。
blogging:写博客
Librarians are trained professionals who are there to help you find and make sense of information.
图书管理员得到过专业的训练有素，他们可以帮助你找到有价值的信息。
trained:训练有素
Make sure that the maximum defined queue depth for this queue is sufficient to store messages, and monitor it to ensure that the maximum depth is not exceeded.
请确保为这个队列定义的最大队列深度对于存储消息来说足够大，并且对它进行监视器以确保不会超过最大深度。
monitor:监视器
On the contrary, a man with a dream is like a warrior armed with ambition, foresight and gallantry, daring to step into an unknown domain to make a journey of adventure.
相反，一个拥有梦想的人，就像是有着抱负，远见，勇气武装的的勇士，他勇于踏上未知的土地去冒险。
armed:武装的
It is good to laugh when one is going about Yahweh's work living according to his word and not man's interpretation of it.
这是一个很好笑时左右将耶和华的工作和活的，据他言不以人的诠释。
living:活的
It is brow above all, always the woman of one word eyebrow, technology of sexual intercourse be thinkinged not beautiful, lack the attitude of bashful, cannot get the man's favor.
首先是眉头，凡是一字眉的女人，被认为性交技术不佳，缺乏羞答答的姿态，不能得到男人的欢心。
brow:眉头
In some sectors with defective geological environment, parts of man -made slopes begin to move under rainfall, exterior loads or other factors, threatening the safe operation of expressway.
在地质环境条件不良地段，部分人工边坡在雨水、外荷等因素作用下开始活动，对高速公路安全运营产生威胁的。
threatening:威胁的
As patterns begin to emerge regarding who gets infected with the H1N1 flu virus, health officials are beginning to map out strategies for a potential wide - spread vaccination campaign.
随着已感染H1N1流感病毒的疑似病例开始出现，卫生官员们正着手筹划可能展开广泛接种疫苗运动的策略。
infected:已感染
It’s a good idea to mark out on a calendar or spreadsheet the dates you get paid and the total amount.
在日历上或电子电子表格标示出花销的日期和总金额是一个好主意。
spreadsheet:电子表格
Ultimately, astronomers would like to fly telescopes sensitive enough to identify gases in an extrasolar planet's atmosphere to see if they match up with processes associated with life on Earth.
最终，天文学家们也许会发射精度足以确定系外行星大气成分的望远镜，来看看它们是否与地球生命联系的进程相匹配。
associated:联系
Furthermore, if simple code is "fast enough ," you might as well use it during your prototyping stage.
另外，如果简单的代码已经 “足够快” 了，也许您就希望在构建原型制作阶段使用它了。
prototyping:原型制作
With a derivative, you have a chance to put model data together and measure data off the platform, so you can make more informed decisions.
有了衍生工具，你就可以把模型数据放到一起并脱离平台进行数据措施，这样你就可以做出更加明智的决策。
measure:措施
How does the food here measure up according to your nutrition standards?
根据你的营养标准来衡量这食物怎么样?
according:根据
If they are not, meet with your employees to revise them.
如果没有的话就要与员工一道对目标进行修订。
revise:修订
Meet with stakeholders, such as product or marketing managers, to understand their vision and to get insight into success factors that help frame your understanding of the project.
与相关人员多沟通，比如产品或市场经理，去理解他们的观点、理解能帮助你成功地搭建起项目框架的因素。
understand:理解
As nuclear cores melt down, reacting nuclear fuel creates many different radioactive elements, all with different toxic effects.
当核反应堆的核心熔化的时候，相互作用的核燃料会产生许多不同的放射性元素，他们的毒性各不相同。
melt:熔化
Mind you, it's not that I think we couldn't be stimulated to get pleasure forever.
提醒你们，我并非否定,永远依靠受刺激获得快感。
stimulated:受刺激
Others like to use them because they prefer to communicate efficiently and not miss out on any important conversations and connections.
另一些人喜欢他们则是因为他们更喜欢于更有效的通信，不会错过一些重要的交谈和联系。
prefer:更喜欢
Business need should drive software, but more often than not, it's the technical people who lead the project.
软件应该由业务需求来驱动，但通常的情况却是技术人员带领项目。
lead:带领
More often than not, these people suffer because they do not practice efficient time management.
这些人遭受这些遭受，多半是因为他们没有践行有效的时间管理。
suffer:遭受
No doubt examples of disease - associated CNVs will begin to mount up as technology improves.
毫无疑问，与疾病联系CNVs现象的例子将开始促进技术的改进。
associated:联系
By following some basic rules of positive communication, we can indeed spread a lot of good vibes in the spaces that we move around everyday.
通过下列的一些积极沟通的基本原则，我们的确可以在每天活动的周围传播许多好的氛围。
following:下列的
The new rules respond to a globalized, 24 - hour world in which a disease outbreak in one country can rapidly move around the world.
新的规则对一个国家的疾病暴发可迅速传播到世界各地的24小时不停运转的全球化的世界作出了反应。
globalized:全球化的
That may importune the administration to act, but if they don’t, there’s a strong move in Congress to do so.
这可能会促使政府采取行为，但如果政府没有作为的话，国会会采取强有力的行为。
act:行为
We are now seeing that move up the stack with organizations starting to evaluate open source for databases and application infrastructure.
我们看到，随着企业开始对用于数据库和应用基础设施的开源技术进行评价，开源技术得到了不断提升。
evaluate:评价
The nation, though, demands much less of its men’s soccer team.
但，对于他们的男子足球，这个国家的需要则少得多。
demands:需要
A integrated processing of drying muck of chicken in plastic shed - Microwave Energy is introduced.
根据实践总结，提出塑料大棚预晒—制粒—微波烘干灭菌除臭的综合处理工艺。
drying:烘干
Likewise, land long under the sea can suddenly pop up, presenting gasping and dying sea life and deep muck that eventually dries to form new and very fertile soil.
同样，海洋下面的陆地也会突然出现，现出喘着粗气和垂死的海洋生物，以及深处的淤泥，它们最终会枯干成为非常肥沃的新土壤。
gasping:喘着粗气
They have hiked with me up a Scottish mountain immersed in cloud and over English farmland where cows stood watching me squelch through mud and muck.
这双靴子带着我爬上苏格兰山，站着在云雾缭绕的山顶；走过了英格兰农场，那里的奶牛见证了我与烂泥和粪肥做斗争的“光辉战绩”。
stood:站着
I won't explain how this works now — it might muddle you up.
我现在先不讲解作品原理─那样会使你摸不着头脑的。
works:作品
Nowadays, carbohydrate mug -up and sundry snacks not only mouthfeel is good, pack very luxuriant also, have kind of temptation that does not block to the child.
如今，糖类点心和各式各样的零食不仅口感好，盒也很华丽，对于孩子有种挡不住的诱惑。
pack:盒
Those with poorer working memory, the 10 - 15% of people who could only remember about two things, were more likely to mull over things and brood too much.
在职的记忆较差的人更倾向于过多思虑，其中10-15％左右的人只能记住两件事。
working:在职的
The latter is characterized by the inability to nail down requirements up front, making it necessary to continually adapt and re- estimate as a project progresses.
后者的特征是没有事先明确了解需求的能力，因而需要随项目的进步不断地调整适应和重新评估。
progresses:进步
Obama campaigned amid fresh signs that he is picking up momentum in his fight with Senator Clinton to nail down the Democratic nomination.
最新迹象表明，奥巴马在和克林顿的竞争中取得更大动力，与此同时奥巴马继续开展竞选的，以确保他获得民主党总统候选人提名。
campaigned:竞选的
She works so hard that she is often neglectful of her family.
她作品非常卖命，常常连家都忘了。
works:作品
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose.
当有绝望中的尘埃和抑郁一碗全国的土地，她看到一个民族征服害怕本身的新政，新的就业机会，一个新的共同使命感。
fear:害怕
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs and a new sense of common purpose.
当沙尘吹来绝望，大萧条笼罩全国，她看到了，罗斯福新政带来新的工作机会，带来对于平民目标的全新理解，看到了一个国家战胜了自身的害怕。
fear:害怕
We took turns shivering outside the shop next door to make IP card calls to England, Australia and California.
我俩轮流哆嗦着到隔壁商店的外面用IP卡给英格兰、澳大利亚和加利福尼亚打了打电话。
calls:打电话
The central administration wanted to do this, but it was incompetent, and was opposed by many faculty who behaved no better than the students.
中央管理部门想要这样做，但是它无此能力，许多乖巧的还不及那些学生的员工反对这项提议。
behaved:乖巧的
We all know, or at least sense, that the world is upside down: we act as if there is no end to what is actually finite: fossil fuels and the atmospheric space to absorb their emissions.
至少从某些方面来说我们都知道世界都乱了套：我们行为就好像没有尽头实际上是有限的：化石燃料和大气空间以吸收她们的排放物。
act:行为
It was designed to address another problem as well --- Windows 3. x still ran on top of DOS, which caused no end of woes. Microsoft wanted to finally rid Windows of its DOS legacy.
当然Windows 95的设计的还需要解决另一个问题：Windows3.x仍然运行在DOS之上，这给用户带来了无尽的痛苦，微软希望借Windows 95摆脱DOS。
designed:设计的
We all learn to live only when we no longer have anything to expect, because we do not live in the living present but in a vague and distant future.
我们总是在寻找一个模糊而遥远的未来，却看不见我们所处的当下，直到我们不再有任何东西可以期盼，我们才学会了活的。
living:活的
After all, in an idealized market economy each worker would be paid exactly what he or she contributes to the economy by choosing to work, no more and no less.
毕竟，在一个理想化的的市场经济里，支付给每个工人的工资就应该是他或她通过选择工作而对经济作出的贡献，不多也不少。
idealized:理想化的
But the Japanese and Swiss authorities have been none too keen on this strength (because of the impact on exporters) and both have intervened to prevent further appreciation.
但是对于出口商的考虑，日本和瑞士政权对这个优势并不敢兴趣，并且它们都进行介入以防止货币继续升值。
intervened:介入
Though these religious aberrations pained me, I cannot say I was not at all influenced by them.
虽然这些宗教上的越轨使我痛苦的，但我不能说我一点都没有受过它们的影响。
pained:痛苦的
Of course, a list is no use without any children; they are added as further elements to the same list (see Listing 7).
当然，没有子元素的清单是毫无用处的；可以将子元素添加到这一清单的最后面，如清单7 所示。
Listing:清单
When you retrieve the object from another mechanism, you should set that object to the cache so that the next retrieval can get it directly from the cache.
根据另一种机制取回该对象时，应该将该对象设置为缓存，以便下一次取回可以直接从该缓存获取这个对象。
retrieve:取回
But then, the same limitation is true of polymorphism -- it is only helpful when you cannot constrain an object to a single type for every execution path.
但是，多态性也具有同样的约束-它只在您不能对于每个执行路径将对象约束为单个类型时才有所帮助。
constrain:约束
Type the source object to a UML class, then get the keyword list from it.
向一个UML类输入资源目的，然后从该目的中获得关键字列表。
object:目的
He, braced for a fight, is thrown off balance, and suddenly you feel less threatened, safer in who you are and where you stand.
他，准备接受战斗，失去了平衡，并且你突然觉得没那么受到受到威胁了，因为你是谁或者你站的位置而变得更加安全。
threatened:受到威胁
Make sure that your tree doesn't look wilted or off color.
确保你的树并不期待枯萎的或离线的颜色。
wilted:枯萎的
C. Do not use computer in matter irrelevant to working, turn off its power when off duty, periodically clean it to keep clean, neat, dustless.
不得使用电脑从事与在职的无关的事情，下班时关闭电脑电源，定期擦拭电脑，保持干净整洁无灰尘。
working:在职的
Staff can adjust their duty time accordingly (i. e. on duty late and off duty late), but everyone should be in the office by 1 p. m. and guarantee 8 hours working time a day.
世界杯期间，员工可调整每天的在职的时间（比如晚上班，晚下班），但下午一点前必须到公司，并且保证每天8小时的在职的时间。
working:在职的
Using phase meter, the two prisms can be moved out off the beam, so the system can be used to measure coaxality.
对措施信号的处理，采用比相技术，措施元件可以暂时移出光路，因而能够进行同轴度的措施。
measure:措施
Travelling off the beaten track is a passion of mine – it takes me a long way away from my day job working in London.
我有一种激情，喜欢离开人头挤挤的大路去旅行——这样可以让我把在伦敦的在职的远远抛开。
working:在职的
This weekend, feel free to speak off the cuff, act impulsively and have a terrific time.
周末的时候，你会觉得能自在地做即兴演讲，行为也有了动力，一切都棒极了！
act:行为
Anchiornis's wrist bone was so wedge-shaped that it could fold its arms to its sides, keeping its arm feathers off the ground as it walked.
近鸟龙的腕骨呈深楔形，因此它可以将前肢折叠到身体两侧，走了时前肢上的羽毛可以悬空，不会拖在地面上。
walked:走了
The satellite bounces laser light off the ground, allowing researchers to measure the terrain with extraordinary precision.
这颗卫星利用地面对激光的反射，让研究人员以极高的精度措施地形。
measure:措施
With Iran's president threatening to wipe the Jewish state "off the map," Israeli officials have warned time and again that they will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons.
伊朗总统威胁的要把以色列这个犹太国家从地图上“清除”，以色列官员多次警告他们决不允许伊朗取得核武器。
threatening:威胁的
Out of necessity we could develop bacteria to extract resources directly from the regolith — a useful technology for Earth as well.
如果需要，我们可以培养细菌，直接从表土提炼资源——这项技术在地球上也非常实用。
extract:提炼
The property that silkworm raiser collaboration organizes must attend completely of one's own accord by silkworm raiser, the farmer autonomy that builds according to certain way is organized.
蚕农合作组织的性质必须完全由蚕农自愿参加，根据一定章程建立起来的农民自治组织。
according:根据
These global names should be constructed with sufficient roots and modifiers to identify their domain of use.
应该用充足的词根和修饰语建这些全局名称来识别它们的使用域。
constructed:建
So he worked sporadically as a musician and film editor, but on account of his twisted fascination with the economic system, he began working as a day trader.
所以他偶尔做一些音乐家和电影剪辑员的事，但由于他对这个经济体制变态的迷恋，他开始了当日交易员的工作过。
worked:工作过
So much have I felt this, that when I met with annoyance on account of the same I tied up my face in a bandage as long as people would believe in it.
我自己也有这种强烈的毛毡，所以当我因为我的脸而遇到麻烦的时候，我就把我的脸包裹起来，只要别人认为我的脸漂亮，我就包着它。
felt:毛毡
Many of the Peuhl victims reported being threatened or abused on account of their ethnicity.
许多帕赫尔族受害者谈到由于他们的民族而受到受到威胁或虐待。
threatened:受到威胁
So far I haven’t heard of anybody who wants to stop living on account of the cost.
到目前为止我还没有听说过谁因为费用问题而想要停止活的。
living:活的
Anyone who's been on a diet knows if you take all the fat from the meat, it just doesn't taste the same.
无论哪个有正常饮食的人都知道，从肉中所摄取的脂肪仅仅是品尝不同尔耳。
taste:品尝
Reds striker Robbie Fowler, known to Kop fans as God, showed he could be a bit of a devil as he celebrated a goal against Everton by getting down on all fours and miming the act of snorting cocaine.
红军前锋罗比福勒，被红军粉丝称为上帝，在与埃弗顿比赛进球后的著名可以表明他能给魔鬼一击。他四肢趴地，模仿着吸食可卡因的动作。
celebrated:著名
It includes a pelvis and whole limbs which could reveal whether the new species walked upright or on all fours.
包含骨盆和完整肢骨的化石能够揭示这个新物种是直立走了还是四肢走了。
walked:走了
Rich peasants cultivate the most land per person on an average in the countryside. They manage their land by ways of self - tillage, hiring farm hands or land rent.
富农在农村人均培育土地较多，他们通过自耕、雇工培育或出租等方式经营其土地。
cultivate:培育
Cognitive researchers, who study various aspects of mental life, maintain that rewards often destroy creativity by encouraging dependence on approval and gifts from others.
学习精神生活各个方面的认知学派学习人员则认为：奖励促使学生对别人给予的肯定和礼物有依赖心理，常常会破环他们的创造性。
study:学习
Likewise, developers or administrators are good at technical - related issues, but might not have a good grasp on business data.
同样地，开发人员或者管理人员擅长技术有关的问题，但是对业务数据可能一知半解。
related:有关的
In an attempt to settle the matter once and for all, Nepal this week launched a two -year geodesic survey to measure the Himalayan peak.
为了一劳永逸地解决这个问题，尼泊尔这个星期启动了一个两年的大地措施计划来测定珠穆朗玛峰高度。
measure:措施
Not all the comforts of home are to be found in our living quarters, but a great deal more are present than exist on deck.
虽然活的舱里不像家里那样应有尽有，但总比在甲板上要好许多。
living:活的
If there is no image on display monitor, first ensure that the adjustment for brightness and contrast are properly set.
如果显示器没有图像显示，首先确保正确放亮度和对比度的调节进行正确的放。
set:放
Carl ： The famous company that I interviewed with last week phoned me today and informed me to be on duty next monday.
卡尔：上个星期我参加面试的那个知名公司今天来打电话了，通知我下周一正式上班。
phoned:打电话
His parents left him a large legacy and he is now living on easy street.
他的父母给了他很大的一笔遗属，现在他活的很富裕。
living:活的
Now the money is rolling in and he's living on easy street.
现在他的饭馆财源滚滚，而他的活的也是富裕舒适。
living:活的
How would you cope working 50 hours a week by yourself in a small room at home, for days, months and years on end?
你如何呆在家中的小房间里每周50个小时地独自处理在职的，持续数日、数月、数年直至生命终结？
working:在职的
But the 47 -year-old gerontologist (who studies the process of ageing) says his belief that he might live to the very ripe old age of 1, 000 is founded not on faith but science.
不过这位47岁的老年病学家（学习老化过程者）表示，他相信自己有可能活到1000岁，是根据科学而不是根据信仰。
studies:学习
This can mean generating a list of values to cross- check against records on file, but is usually beyond the direct scope of an SOA effort.
这意味着生成一系列的值，以对文件中的记录进行叉-检查，但这通常超出了SOA的直接作用范围。
cross-:叉-
Good communication, throughout society, using all available resources, is essential to put populations on guard and help people to act responsibly.
利用所有可利用的资源，保证整个社会良好的信息传递至关重要，可以让全民保持警惕并有助于人们采取负责的行为。
act:行为
I find it useful to assign blocks of time to each job I am working on, during which I devote myself to that task, and ONLY that task.
我也发现为在职的列表上的每项任务都设定在职的时间是十分有效的，在那段时间内，我会全身心的投入到那项任务中去。
working:在职的
Invited by The Fine Arts Literature and FU Xiaodong to edit and curate this issue, I accepted the honor and finally landed my choice on the group of young artists living and working in Shanghai.
《美术文献》杂志及付晓东邀请我作本期杂志的艺术家介绍，最后还是选择介绍活的、工作在上海的这一批年轻艺术家。
living:活的
Study on news picture's influence is one of the best ways to interpret the spread of present visual culture.
对新闻图片影响力的学习，首先是全面解读当下视觉文化传播模式的最佳切入点之一。
Study:学习
It may merely be a case of removing rough edges or tossing away molding to expose irregularities, in some cases to remove a prop and stand on one's own feet.
这也许仅仅是磨磨棱角来删除不规整的东西，或者在某些情况下，移除一个支撑仅靠自己立足于这个社会。
removing:删除
The satellites used powerful cameras that can "pinpoint objects less than one meter (three feet) in diameter on the Earth's surface ," the report said.
该报道说：“人造卫星使用了强有力的相机，这种相机可以“精确的探测到地球表面直径1米（3英尺）以内范围的对象”。
objects:对象
Chandler: I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times.
我跪在这里，举着沙发垫子，表达我的后悔和悔恨，就像圣经时代的人那样。
regret:后悔
She found herself on her knees in front of the Dominican embassy begging for her life in broken Spanish.
而我母亲跪在多米尼加大使馆的前面用她蹩脚的西班牙语乞讨放自己一条生路。
begging:乞讨
Get used to spending a lot of time on your knees because acts of submission such as bowing and kneeling are frequently incorporated into religious practice.
因为磕头、下跪等鞠躬的举动被频繁用于宗教仪式，所以你会习惯于耗费大量时间下跪。
bowing:鞠躬
I spent a little time researching habits and reflecting on my own experience.
我花了一小段时间来研究我自己的习惯和条件反映。
reflecting:反映
The following 10 date ideas should help put you in the mood and may even inspire you to come up with a few on your own.
下列的10个约会点子应该可以帮助到你，让你融入浪漫的气氛；甚至激发你设计出一些你自己的浪漫。
following:下列的
But for Steve, it was all about living life on his own terms and not wasting a moment with things he didn’t think were important.
对史蒂芬而言，那是他自己的活的的所有，并且他不会去浪费时间在他认为不重要的事情上。
living:活的
He felt he had to find the voice — and thereby the character — by making demo recordings on his own.
他认为他必须通过自己录制母带来找到合适的声音，也以此找到角色的毛毡。
felt:毛毡
But quit my job and took up housekeeping the year after my marriage. Daily household chores keep me on my toes; I'm delighted all day long.
但是自从我结婚以后，便放弃了工作，开始打理家政。每天的家政琐事让我乐此不疲。我一整天都眉天眼笑的。
housekeeping:家政
I believe if you are asking yourself questions about life then you are on your way to enlightenment and living each day in bliss which really is how we would all like to spend our days.
我相信如果你向自己询问生命的意义，你就已经在启示之路上了。你将每天生活在人人向往的天赐之福中。
enlightenment:启示
The disappearance of a servant girl in rural Sussex in the 1920s is being treated as murder by detectives, 83 years after she went missing on her way to work.
1920年代，一个女仆在苏塞克斯郡的乡村地区丢失的，最近探员们认为她的丢失的源自一起谋杀案。而这距离她在上班的途中消失已经过去了83年。
missing:丢失的
Most container ships trading today, and on order, were designed for a world of relatively low energy prices.
现在贸易或预定的大多数集装箱船都是在能源价格较低的背景上设计出来的。
trading:贸易
They ’ll be that power couple; they ’ll be fulfilled, happy, and living on purpose, they ’ll be a sign, pointing the way, to what marriage should be.
他们会成为强大的一对，他们得到满足，感到愉悦，在有目标的活的中，他们会成为一个标志，为婚姻本来的模样指明方向。
living:活的
Figures released today at the UN climate talks in Copenhagen show that despite 1998 being the warmest year on record, the noughties has been the warmest decade recorded in 160 years.
今天在哥本哈根联合国气候谈判上公布的数字显示，虽然1998年是有记录的的最热一年，但是本世纪初十年是有记录的的160年内最热的十年。
recorded:记录的
I was a real workaholic in the past, putting in 60 hour work weeks to make sure I had every minute scheduled, working as fast as I could to get things done on time, on schedule and perfectly.
我原来是一个十足的在职的狂，我会每周在职的60 个小时并且要确保每一分钟都安排得当。然后我会按照计划用拼命的速度按时且高质量的完成在职的。
working:在职的
On the AIR side, the app implements some of Adobe AIR's newest features including a local database, encrypted local storage, view source capability, automatic updates, and offline capability.
在AIR方面，Queued引入了本地数据库、加密的本地存储、查看源文件、自动升级和脱机操作等一系列AdobeAIR最新的特色功能。
encrypted:加密的
I learned my subjects from Classroom on the Air on TV.
我通过收看电视中的“空中课堂”学到了。
learned:学到了
Not on the basis of simple filling in ascending order, but a modified rate of filling as according to the Aufbau Principle.
并不是以简单的升值分布为基础，而是一个修改的的填充方法,根据构造原理得到的填充法。
modified:修改的
They gave their approval on the basis of how they felt about the proposed advertising rather than whether or not the strategies were on target.
他们根据自己的主观毛毡对我们提出的广告给予评价，而不是看它是否符合市场战略的目标。
felt:毛毡
The clouds roll around the Sierra behind us and then out to sea, and, sitting on the beach, the gigantic strikes flash around us like a giant strobe.
乌云从我们身后的塞拉利昂卷来，然后朝海上方向滚去。坐在沙滩上，我们身边打起巨大的闪光，像打开了天上的大闸门。
flash:闪光
A nonlinear theoretical model for two - cavity gyroklystron is established. The analytic method on the beam - wave interaction in input cavity and output cavity is studied.
建立了两腔回旋速调管的非线性模型与理论，探讨了调制腔及输出腔中注—波互作用的研究过方法。
studied:研究过
As she continues to name the pictures on the cards or responds to simple questions (What is the color of grass?
当他继续说出卡片上图片的姓名或回答简单的问题时（玻璃是什么颜色的？
name:姓名
On the contrary, he is highly capable; but he makes work for himself by creating new tools and libraries and even reconstructing entirely new systems, all to meet his own standards.
相反，他绝对能胜任，他只是通过工作创设新的工具和资料，甚至会对整个系统进行新的重构，所有这一切都只是为了达到他自己的标准。
reconstructing:重构
The patient wears the battery - operated device on the hip and a blood pressure cuff on the arm.
病人在臀部配带一个电池经营装置和手臂的一个血压计。
operated:经营
Next, place your arm on a table so the cuff is positioned at the same level as your heart.
接下来，你把手臂放在桌上，以便即时定位的是处于同一水平你的心。
positioned:定位的
The patient wears the battery - operated deice on the hip and a blood pressure cuff on the arm.
病人在臀部配带一个电池经营装置和手臂的一个血压计。
operated:经营
In this example, we examine how a company uses business rules to define the billing rules and to externalize and modify them on the fly.
在本例中，我们将研究公司如何使用业务规则来定义计费规则，将那些规则外化并动态地修改它们。
externalize:外化
For moms who like to exercise, shop or are just always on the go, a lightweight, reusable compact tote is a terrific gift.
对于那些喜欢锻炼，购物或四处奔走的妈妈们，一个轻便，可循环使用，牢固的手提袋是个非常好的礼物。
exercise:锻炼
Mining companies are doing their best to capitalise on the increase in demand, and the effects of this will flow through the economy, but other producers are also enjoying a boost to their income.
矿产公司正最好的做着将需求的增加大写的事，它的影响将带给经济，但其它生产者也在享受着繁荣带来的收入。
capitalise:大写
You can also practice with a number of test simulators on the market.
您也可以使用市面上大量的考试模拟器来进行实践。
practice:实践
The earth's ozone layer is finally on the mend after decades of damage, but is recovering more slowly than experts had originally hoped, two UN agencies reported on Friday.
两联合国机构周五说，地球臭氧层在几十年的破坏后开始逐渐正在恢复，但是其正在恢复速度比专家最初估计还慢。
recovering:正在恢复
On the one hand, it could be that certain facts, if you knew them, would cause you to behave differently without actually giving you any reason to behave differently.
一方面，可能有某些事实，如果你知道了它们，会导致你的表现不同,但并没有真正地给你改变表现的理由。
behave:表现
Five years and two children later, the marriage was on the rocks, with the husband away working in East Asia.
过了五年和有了两个孩子后，婚姻触礁了，因为这个丈夫离开去东亚在职的。
working:在职的
You sometimes act before you think and do things on the spur of the moment, and that sometimes gets you into trouble.
你有时会采取行为之前，你想，做的一时冲动，而且有时让你陷入麻烦的事情。
act:行为
It twirled and twisted on the string while he poked at it with his finger.
当他在它以他的手指拨开的时候，它在线上使滴溜溜地旋转的而且拧。
twirled:旋转的
I was breech 33 weeks, doctors do not correct the parade so that, after three weeks to check on the turn over, my suggestion is do not do what comes naturally now, most will turn back.
我33周时是臀位，医生也没让做纠正操，过了3周查看时就转过去了，我的建议也是别做，顺其自然吧，大部分都会转回去的。
check:查看
Sure, some battles may turn into disorganized fire -fights. But, on the whole, wars are fought (and won!) by those armies with command of war strategy and battlefield tactics.
当然，有些战斗过可能变成毫无组织的交火；但是，战争基本上就是那些执行战略和战术命令的军队互相交战（和取胜！）
fought:战斗过
Instead of adding a component to a fixed rectangle on the screen, you can add it on top of another component.
您可以将一个组件添加到另一个组件上，而无需将其添加到屏幕上的固定的矩形区域。
fixed:固定的
However, such cooperation must base on trust, negotiation, equality and mutual benefits. It must proceed from actual facts, rather than deductions.
然而，这种合作必须建立在信任、协商、平等和互利的根据上，必须从事实出发，而不是依凭推论。
base:根据
As I’ve traveled across the country, visiting schools and meeting young people, I’ve seen so many girls passionate about science and other subjects that were traditionally not as open to them.
在我巡视全国的时候，我到访了很多学校，会见了很多年轻人，我也遇到了大量的女孩儿对科学和其他传统上并不对她们开放的科目充满了热情的。
passionate:热情的
If you vectorize this code, since you are treating the values as bytes, that means that each instruction will operate on 16 values at once!
如果对代码进行矢量化，由于您正在将这些值当作字节进行处理，这意味着每条指令都要一次操作16 个值！
vectorize:矢量化
Note that if several counting functions or tests operate on the same column, then the sort and count operations only need to be done once.
注意，如果多个数数函数或测试在同一列上运行，那么排序与数数操作仅需做一次。
count:数数
This article embarks from the income, has analyzed the income, the risk and the performance according to the logical order, around passes through.
本文从收益出发，根据逻辑的顺序分析了收益、风险和绩效，前后贯穿。
according:根据
If you can even point me to a sample program or something related, that would be a great help.
如果您能只给我一个简单的程序或者一些有关的的东西，将对我非常的有帮助。
related:有关的
When I was getting criticized in that meeting no one stepped out for me.
当我在会议中收到批评的的时候，没有人站出来支持我。
criticized:批评的
After working a twelve hour shift yesterday, I was out like a light as soon as I got into bed.
昨天经过十二小时轮班在职的后，我一躺到床上就睡着了。
working:在职的
With their push lever switch, these new designed fans will cause a motorized fan to spring out like magic with just a light push, so you can enjoy a powerful cool breeze any time you want.
所有小风扇更强力更省电，令使用者可随时随地享受凉风，而湛新设计的的推杆式开关，只需轻轻一推，风扇摩打便会自动弹出，方便无比。
designed:设计的
But because legal tender laws backing the dollar have caused the dollar to drive other currencies out of circulation, it is easier for stores to accept dollars.
不过由于法定货币法对美元的后盾，这导致了美元将其他货币逐出了流通环节，所以现在商铺更愿意接受美元。
backing:后盾
The characteristics and reason of yarn faults, due to out of condition of butyronitrile top roller and apron, are also analysed later in the paper.
此外，对丁腈胶辊与胶圈状态不良造成纱疵的特征及原因进行了分析了。
analysed:分析了
Marking a tube of toothpaste or paper cup with a patent that is out of date or doesn’t exist has been against the law for years.
在牙膏管上或者纸杯上打标不存在或者过期的专利号多年前就是一种违法行为了。
Marking:打标
In very busy systems, the need to broadcast the data can also mean that the information is never reported, the data can be out of date, or the system could be reported as down when it is just busy.
在非常繁忙的系统中，对这些数据进行播送的需求可能也就意味着永远无法报告这些信息，这些数据可能过期，或者在系统繁忙时将其报告为停机。
broadcast:播送
If you're single, you're out of luck. That's another argument in our top 10 reasons to get married.
如果你还是单身，那就太不幸了，这也是本条位居十大已婚理由的重要原因。
married:已婚
If you're in the middle of reading something, but it's time to head about out again, all one needs to do is touch the phone against the tablet and the webpage URL will be sent to the other device.
当你正在上网时，你又不得不出去，如果你想在其他地方接着读下去，你只须用手机“触碰”一下电脑，网址就能发送到手机上。
touch:触碰
"One of the last things he did was, on Friday night, to rush out and buy a take-away Chinese meal for two staff who were working late ," said Dr Bill Kean, the head of Dr Lee's office.
“临终前他做的一件事是，星期五晚上，跑出去为在职的到很晚的两名在职的人员买来中国快餐，”李博士办公室主任BillKean博士说。
working:在职的
If logging is performed on different machines, the machines' timestamps must be synchronized, or the log messages will be out of order.
如果要对不同的机器记录日志，那就必须对这些机器的时间戳进行同步的，否则日志消息的次序就混乱了。
synchronized:同步的
Getting out of the way means taking an honest look at the habits and lifestyle you are living with today.
改掉某些习惯意味着用一种诚实的眼光来看待你现在的活的习惯和活的方式。
living:活的
Unfortunately, the most broken aspect of our system is that Washington sees the need to act on every problem in society, rather than staying out of the way, or getting out of the way.
不幸的是，我们的体制中最糟糕的一面就是华盛顿对社会中出现的每一个问题都感到有行为的需要，而不是袖手旁观，或从中脱身。
act:行为
And we will stand up for their universal rights and dignity by pressuring the regime and Asad personally to get out of the way of this transition.
我们将通过对叙利亚政权和阿萨德本人施加施压、要求他们不要阻挠这一过渡的方式支持叙利亚人民的普世权利和尊严。
pressuring:施压
If you buy strawberries out of season, they ' re most likely imported from countries that use less - stringent regulations for pesticide use.
如果你不是在恰当的季节中购买草莓，那么它们很有可能从那些不严格按照规定来使用农药的国家进口的来的。
imported:进口的
The President went out on a limb and supported a foreign aid billthat many people were against.
总统公开表示自己的见解，对许多人反对的援外法案表示支持的。
supported:支持的
This way, I implicitly defined the outside of the cube as the front face and the inside as the back face.
通过这样的方式，也就隐式地将立方体的外部定义的为正面，而将内部作为背面。
defined:定义的
Too often, we spread ourselves too thin by setting up accounts on social media sites, going to networking mixers, cold- calling potential clients, asking interesting people out to lunch and so on.
一般来说，我们自己影响力很有限，仅仅通过建立公共媒体的账户，进行联网交流，随机打电话给潜在的顾客，邀请感兴趣的人去吃午餐等等。
networking:联网
More than 25% of all patients over age 60 are estimated to have type 2 diabetes (5), but the condition is often undiagnosed and treatment options in older patients remain inadequate.
据估计的大于60岁的老人25％以上患有二型糖尿病，但是病情经常没有确诊并且仍旧没有适合的老年人的治疗选择。
estimated:估计的
The effects on the Indus and Brahmaputra basins are likely to be'severe' owing to the large numbers of people living in the area and their heavy dependence on irrigated agriculture.
由于活的印度河以及布拉马普特拉河流域的人口众多以及他们严重依赖于灌溉农业，对这些流域的影响很可能是“严重的”。
living:活的
Own up to errors when you make them, and communicate openly and honestly with all family members.
当你自己的犯了错误的时候，要坦白的承认，并且和所有的家庭成员进行开诚布公地交流。
Own:自己的
As the project matures, we are working hard to make it easy for more and more third-party projects to use our platform and out-pace us in ideas and code.
在未来的日子里，随着这个计划的不断成熟，我们不断更努力的在职的，我们将可以让更多的第三方项目能够更容易地使用我们的平台，也许某一天，这些项目会让我们现在的想法与程序显得更加落伍也未可知。
working:在职的
We will have each of them pack in transparent material ready for the display window.
我们将用透明材料单件盒以便在橱窗展示。
pack:盒
Stars of the Discovery Channel documentary "Living with Wolves ," the Dutchers spent six years with a wolf pack in an enclosed wilderness habitat within Idaho's Sawtooth Mountains.
作为探索频道记录片《与狼活的》的明星，六年来，达奇尔夫妇和爱达荷州锯齿山脉的封闭野生动物栖息地中的一个狼群在一起。
Living:活的
They spent weeks tracking and recording the hunting behaviour in the pack ice off the coast of the Antarctica Peninsula.
他们花了几个星期的时间在南极洲的半岛的冰盖上跟踪和记录虎鲸的打猎的行为。
hunting:打猎
To cast a wider net, eBay is a good choice, although you'll have to pay seller fees and probably pack up and ship the computer.
想要扩大网络范围的话，eBay是一个不错的选择，尽管你可能需要支付销售费用，或者是电脑的盒和运输费。
pack:盒
Please bring me some wrapping paper regarding as you go to the mall so that I can pack up the gift for Bill's birthday. 6. Always wear your seat belt.
如果你去商店的话，请帮我带一些盒纸来，以便我可以把给Bill的生日礼物包起来。
pack:盒
PAD Switching refers to a technique of automatically cutting a transmission loss pad into and out of a transmission circuit for different operating conditions.
数据包装拆器（PAD）交换指的是的是一种在不同的操作状态下自动将传输耗损键切换进和切换出传输线路的技术。
refers:指的是
At last, the performance curve and wearing distribution curve of the polishing pad are worked out by computer simulation. By means of analyse and comparison in two model simulation…
通过采用计算机对抛光盘工作过函数及磨损曲线的模拟将抛光盘的两种运动方式进行了分析与比较。
worked:工作过
They can fix broken windows, paint out graffiti, remove junk, and mow overgrown yards.
他们可以修复破碎的窗户，用画遮盖涂鸦，清理垃圾废物，修整杂草丛生的庭院。
paint:画
When it ’s spinning parallel to the ground, support your weight on your left foot and use your right foot to power your spin; the momentum of the hoop should carry you around.
首先从前位站姿开始；让呼啦圈逆时针转起来，当纺纱和地面平行的时候，把重心放到左脚上，用你的右脚来给力；呼啦圈的动力会带动你晃动。
spinning:纺纱
He floated for a while, then did exactly what the experts recommend: He swam slowly, parallel to the beach, until he was out of the current.
他漂浮了一会，然后准确的按照专家的推荐做：和海滩平行的慢慢的游，直至他从激流中逃脱。
recommend:推荐
It's something that things in the empirical world can participate in or partake of to varying degrees.
它是以变化的程度参与到,经验世界中的各种事物
varying:变化的
So Joe is an architect and he ’s now working on a new police station that was funded in part with Recovery Act funds.
乔是干建筑的，他现在为一个新建的警局在职的，建设警局的部分资金就来自复苏法的拨款。
working:在职的
PASS by a chemical plant, and the plumes billowing from its smokestacks may get you thinking.
当你走过一家化工厂时，烟囱中冒出的滚滚浓烟可能引发你的思维。
thinking:思维
The creativity of poetry translation is also reflected in reading translated poetry, we can pleasingly get into an era in long ago time, or we can pass down our discoveries to era in far future.
诗歌翻译的的创造性还体现在，阅读翻译的诗歌，我们可以惬意地走入一个距今久远的年代，或将我们的发现寄托给未来遥远的年代。
translated:翻译的
The Socialist Theories with Chinese Characteristics has historical pass down, at the same time it is the open and developing system and need be developed and innovated.
中国特色社会主义理论是具有历史传承性的，同时，又是一个开放、发展的理论体系，需要不断地发展与创新的。
innovated:创新的
The festival does not always pass off as the parents and adults expect, with some babies refusing to cry on the open-air stage at the Asakusa temple.
当天的比赛在浅草寺外的露天舞台举行，但比赛过程总是不能如家长和大人们所期待的那么顺利，这主要是因为有些宝宝“拒绝”哭。
cry:哭
Persistent balance problems are not something you should pass off as a harmless part of the aging process.
你不能把顽固的平衡问题看成是无害的老化过程的一部分。
aging:老化
But if there is no attempt to'pass off' a copied part, Chinese authorities are unlikely to act.
但如果没有人企图“假冒”仿制零件，中国当局就不大可能采取行为。
act:行为
When photons pass through or reflect off of something, they give that object momentum.
当光子通过某物，或者被其反映时，光子会给这个物体一个动力。
reflect:反映
All requests pass through the flow, but a policy lookup primitive has set operation specific values for all the relevant promoted properties so that it behaves differently in each specific case.
所有请求都经过流，但是一个策略查找原语为所有相关的提升属性设置了特定于操作值，这样针对每个具体的情况就会有不同的举止。
behaves:举止
I assume that if the rich and influential National Geographic promised a payment in US dollars, then a hungry Afghani would be hard- put to pass up such a chance.
我想天下豪门《国家地理》若是以美元承诺的，那么饥饿的阿富汗人不应该放过机会。
promised:承诺的
Taking a peek at the code, however, you see a number of important aspects of how the code works.
不过，稍微注意一下此代码，您就会发现此代码的作品方式的许多重要方面。
works:作品
They dropped by the camp where Mack is working as a counselor this summer to get a sneak peek at what his future dorm room could look like.
暑假里，马克作为顾问在一个夏令营在职的。夫妻二人便去往营地，看看儿子将来的宿舍大概会是什么样子。
working:在职的
counterfeiting, tampering with or transferring the permit of job intermediary ；
伪造、涂改、转移职业中介许可证；
transferring:转移
Whoever forges, alters or transfers an operating permit of a commercial bank or other financial institution shall be punished according to the provisions of the preceding paragraph.
锻造、变造、转让商业银行或者其他金融机构经营许可证的，依照前款的规定处罚。
forges:锻造
Although CFCs have been phased out, they accumulated and persist in the atmosphere and the effect of the curbs takes years to filter through.
虽然氯氟烃已经被禁止使用，但它们对大气层长期积累和持续的制约和影响，需要好些年才会阶段性的显现出来。
phased:阶段性的
The following sections discuss only the policies that pertain to the XDIME aggregator.
下列的部分只讨论属于XDIME聚合器的策略。
following:下列的
Ralf: Who works at Ralf's Guitars, needs to see information about events that pertain to products that they shipped to DirkMart.
Ralf：他在Ralf'sGuitars作品，需要看到关于他们发给DirkMart 的产品的事件信息。
works:作品
Some of these cells also scanned relatively long stretches of sound, which allowed them to pick out a particular vocal feature, despite all the background noise.
有一些脑细胞可以对相当大范围内的声音进行已扫描，这样一来，他们就可以挑选出一些特殊的声音，而不受环境声音的影响。
scanned:已扫描
So, gradually, I began to learn the basic behavior patterns of the chimpanzees, and after six months I was able to pick out and name some individuals.
因此，我开始慢慢地知道了大猩猩的基本的行为模式，六个月后我能够挑出一些，叫出一些的姓名。
name:姓名
Initially work is sporadic but depending on the working relationship I have with the individual work will pick up over a period of time.
最初的在职的是偶发的，但对我的在职的关系与个人的在职的而定会挑选了一段时间了。
working:在职的
After a free movement of about 22 mm (. 9 inch) the bolt carrier swings the locking piece up from the locking recesses in the receiver, and thus unlocks the bolt.
在大约22毫米的一次自由运动之后 （.9寸）门闩运送者秋千锁定块在从锁定上面接收器的休息，而且如此开启门闩。
swings:秋千
The effects of permeable pile groynes laid out along the thalweg in control and guide the regime of the lower Yellow River have been studied through movable bed model tests.
通过河工动床模型试验，对沿治导线布设形式的透水桩坝在黄河下游控导河势的效果进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
John put his pipe down, crossed his hands behind his neck, and turned his face towards the window.
约翰放下烟斗，两手越过放在脖子后面，转过头朝向窗户。
crossed:越过
It felt like your head was a barn, and a big wind was blowing in one ear and bouncing around the walls and then turning into a pitch and then into overtones and then slowly falling to the ground.
那种毛毡就好像你的头颅是一座谷仓，有一阵风吹进耳朵，不断在仓间弹射，尔后成为定调，继而是泛音，最后慢慢掉在地板上。
felt:毛毡
Is your goal to play cat and mouse to excerpt quick profits, or are you investing for the long term? neither is wrong, it just makes sense to chose one or the other and act accordingly.
你的目标是很快的赚钱还是做长远的生意，哪一种想法都没有错，确定了就按照相应的目标行为。
act:行为
Disaster education, mainly in the form of jolly cartoons, seems designed to play down the dangers.
灾难教育的设计的似乎是为了减少人们对危险的恐惧，尤其是那些好玩的卡通形象。
designed:设计的
Versioning does not obsolete the service development life cycle, but it enables the life cycle to play out over successive generations.
版本控制治理并不会使服务开发生命周期过时，而会允许生命周期扩展到多个连续的代。
Versioning:版本控制
The direction of luminiferous evacuation indicator is fixed in complex fire accident scene, that is difficult to play safe and effective role in the evacuation instructions.
发光型疏散指示牌的指引方向固定的不变，在复杂的火灾事故现场难于起到安全有效的疏散指示作用。
fixed:固定的
It did not relentlessly play up the possibilities open to all those with a garage and a bit of spare cash, and so, in turn, did not cruelly equate an ordinary life with a failed one.
它不会严格地突出开放给拥有车库和一沓子现金的人的机会，因此，反过来也不会残忍地将一种平凡的生活和失败的的生活相等同。
failed:失败的
Japan, which feels most threatened by a stronger China, is keen to play up the strategic importance of the group.
日本最是感到一个强大的中国的受到威胁，因此热衷于渲染该组合的战略重要性。
threatened:受到威胁
You will also be able to create new characters and play up to level 60 on this world for free.
您并且能创造新字符和演奏由等级60决定在这个世界为自由。
level:等级
Delonte West: In his own quiet way, West never gives up on a play and is never, ever intimidated.
德隆蒂-韦斯特：用他自己安静的方式，韦斯特绝不放弃一场比赛而且从未放弃过，即使受到吓坏了。
intimidated:吓坏了
Subscribing to play for a maximum of three times with audio, caption, and translation features on could be priced more than copying multimedia onto CDs with the license agreement.
带声音、字幕和译文并且最多可播放三次的订阅中服务，其定价可能会高于根据许可协议将多媒体复制到CD 的情况。
Subscribing:订阅中
A Pfizer subsidiary, Pharmacia & Upjohn Company, agreed to plead guilty to a felony violation of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act for "misbranding Bextra with the intent to defraud or mislead ."
Pharmacia&Upjohn公司是辉瑞的一家子公司，它承认自己由于“处于骗取和误导的目的来不恰当地给Bextra上标签”而违反了《联邦食品，药品和化妆品法案》。
defraud:骗取
It estimates there are 23 million Chinese adults who can plunk down the money to buy imported wine.
该公司还估计，能花大价钱买进口的葡萄酒的中国成年人有2,300万人之多。
imported:进口的
The centre of the Milky Way is crowded with stars; so crowded, in fact, that astronomers think that one must plunge into this black hole every 100, 000 years or so.
银河系的中心挤满了星星；而事实上，这样的挤让天文学家认为每100,000年左右就会有一颗星星跳入黑洞中。
crowded:挤
"This is not to conspire against your boss, but to check your point of view," says Useem.
尤西姆认为，“这样做并不是合谋反对你的老板，而是检查你自己的观点。”
conspire:合谋
Also, the researchers point out that they have studied only one person so far.
同时，研究过人员指出，他们目前为止只对一个人进行了研究过。
studied:研究过
It can correlate with powerful price moves, like 200 + point up or down days within only 4 trading days in the DJIA.
它可以关联具有强大的价格动作，像200 +观点，向上或向下天，只有4个交易日，在道指。
point:观点
I hate to say it, but I think you should polish up your spoken English.
我实在不想这么说，但我觉得你应该提高你的英语说水平。
spoken:说
Getting it working is pretty straightforward. Pop in the driver disc and after a minute or so, you're prompted to toggle on the mouse and press the blue "connect" button.
它在职的很简单，把驱动光盘放进光驱，过差不多一分钟，你就可以抓住这个鼠标而且按下阿谁蓝色的“毗连”键了。
working:在职的
Now, if you were to just pop over to the PS3, and set the environment variable DISPLAY to, for instance, "laptop: 0.0 ", and run an xterm, you'd discover a tragic flaw in this scheme: Permission denied.
现在，如果您要转到PS3 上，将环境变量DISPLAY放为 “laptop:0.0”，然后运行一个xterm，那么您会发现一个缺陷：许可被拒绝。
set:放
Duff himself is agnostic about the value of octonions, pointing out that no theory in which they pop up has yet been tested by experiment.
杜福,他自己也并不知道八元数的价值。他指出，他没有什么经过试验测试过的理论，八元数就突然出现了。
tested:测试过
And they may have the occasion to speak to a native English speaker or even practise speaking on the phone in English with their classmates.
他们会和同班同学通过电话进行英语对话的实践，同时，还会有机会与来自英语国家的人进行交谈。
practise:实践
It is a good idea to practise listening on the radio.
通过收音机实践听力是个好主意。
practise:实践
Step 2. Make sure that the ground you use to practise to moonwalk on is also not too grippy, try and find a polished floor.
确保你用来实践的地板不会太粗糙，尽量找一块光滑的地。
practise:实践
In fact, research shows that most people prefer to listen to voiced laughter more than unvoiced.
事实上，研究表明，大多数人更喜欢听到浊音的笑而不是无声的笑。
voiced:浊音
At the same time, they should resist the urge to turn every development into a breakthrough, or to press for “yes ” or“ no ” answers instead of accepting probabilities.
同时，科技按记者要注意避免将每一个进展都说成是突破，也应避免追求非"是"则"非"的绝对答案，而是应该接受相对的可能性。
press:按
He then went on to attack the rest of the press for "rhapsodic" coverage of Obama and described the New York Times as "as far left as you can get ".
接下来，他攻击了其他媒体，称他们对奥巴马的报道是“狂热追逐”。奥瑞利还描述《纽约时报》为“能向左边走多远，就走多远”。
left:左边
A button press on a tagged asset might have a relatively fixed interpretation.
已标记的资产上的一个按钮按下可能有一个相对固定的的解释。
fixed:固定的
Ridgewell calculated that, with current carbon prices, farmers could earn 23 euros per hectare for the CO2 they prevent from reaching the air.
Ridgewell的计算的结果指出，按照当前的碳价，农民们将因他们在控制碳排放上的贡献从每公顷土地上得到23欧元的回报。
calculated:计算的
Results :The active nursing of cancer patients with lymphedema, and focusing on the prevent from deterioration and trying to improve symptoms.
结果：积极开展癌性淋巴水肿病人的护理，着眼于阻止恶化并最大限度的提升症状。
improve:提升
"It felt good when it left my hands," stated Nelson, who dribbled lower the last seconds previous to increasing up for the shot over Denver's Ty Lawson.
“毛毡良好时，离开了我的手，”尼尔森说，谁运球降低前，以增加过丹佛掘金队的泰劳森飙升最后一秒钟。
felt:毛毡
That is to say, you're asking yourself, "Well, sure. You know what? I pride myself on this: I can factor out all forms of subjectivity. I really can be objective.
也就是说，你对自己说，你知道吗，我为我自己感到自豪：,我可以摒弃一切形式的主观，我真的可以做到客观。
pride:自豪
One thing I particularly pride myself on was being able to solve issues of employee / supervisor mismatch.
我对自己出格自豪的是我能解决员工和上司的矛盾。
pride:自豪
Much as i pride myself on my foresight, I am no longer free to choose the major I like, for my parents exert a great influence on me.
尽管我为自己的深谋远虑很是自豪，可我自己不能选择我所喜欢的专业了，因为我的父母对我的选择施加了重大的影响。
pride:自豪
But her advice to others is to pride yourself on saying no.
不过她给大家提出的建议是，为自己的坦然自豪。
pride:自豪
You might pride yourself on working hard for every dollar that you earn, but at the end of the day those dollars don ’t mean much if you don’t have guilt- free time away from work to enjoy them.
你可能为你通过努力在职的获得的每一美元而骄傲，但是如果你在一天结束后还是不能从在职的中摆脱出来好好享受的话，这些钱可就算不得什么了。
working:在职的
You should pride yourself on each accomplishment, no matter how small.
不论进步多微小，你都该为自己取得的成果而感到自豪！
pride:自豪
Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts, that is indeed something on which to pride yourself, but poverty itself is romanticized only by fools.
凭个人努力能从贫困中爬出来是一件真正能引以为傲的事。只有傻子才会把贫困“浪漫化的”。
romanticized:浪漫化的
WHO recommends two doses of measles vaccine for all children and at least one dose prior to international travel for adolescents and adults who are unsure about their immunity status.
世卫组织推荐为全部儿童注射两剂麻疹疫苗，青少年和成人在不确定其免疫状态的情况下应在国际旅行前至少接种一剂疫苗。
recommends:推荐
The queued traffic sees an increased response time since it spends some amount of time in a queue prior to being serviced.
排队的请求的响应时间会增加，因为在得到服务过的之前它们会在队列中花费一段时间。
serviced:服务过的
When Erskine asked Newt why they would proceed with impeachment instead of other possible remedies such as censure or reprimand, the Speaker replied, Because we can.
当厄斯金问金里奇为何不采用如公开谴责或训斥等可行的办法时，这位众议院议长的回复是：“因为我们能做到。”
replied:回复
Investors fall into a special category as news consumers; they tend to operate on a hair trigger so they can profit from breaking news before other investors act and wipe out their advantage.
作为新闻的消费者，投资人是一个特殊的类别。他们常常一触即发以至于能在其他的投资人行为，丧失优势前从爆炸新闻中盈利。
act:行为
The additional workload that results from creating a cluster is proportional to how update - intensive the workload on the server is.
创造集群是增加的工作负载与服务器上的工作负载更新强度是成比例的。
creating:创造
It is not too much to talk about a miracle, and one that has been achieved without the huge state subsidies that prop up farmers in Europe and America.
再怎么多谈奇迹也不过分，因为它们在没有巨额国家补贴的情况下取得了达到，而正是巨额的补贴支撑着欧洲和美国的农民。
achieved:达到
Big corporations are impersonal; staff are often not treated well. At a small company, you can make sure your staff are proud of working for you and then they’ll work hard to be successful.
大企业通常不是个人的，员工们得到的照顾很少，而在小企业中，你可以通过人性化的管理使得他们以为你在职的而骄傲，同时不断地取得在职的上的业绩。
working:在职的
But in this message to you I want to look at a few particular moments through the year where I have been especially proud of what has been achieved.
但是在我对你们的这份致词中，我想着眼于在过去一年中我对于所取得的达到特别感到骄傲的一些特定时刻。
achieved:达到
Efficiency of any anti- virus solution depends on the extent of protection it can provide against intrusions and threats.
任何防病毒解决方案的效率依靠程度的保护，它可以提供对入侵和威胁。
depends:依靠
Provided that your source code is versioned properly, you should be able to recreate any previous release through the build process.
倘若你的源代码很好地得到了版本化控制，那么通过构建过程你能够重新生成任何版本化的产品。
versioned:版本化
The green movement was pushing at full steam, but with tightened family budgets the concern might be shifted more on being able to provide for your family instead of the environment.
绿色行动正在如火如荼地进行着，但收紧家庭预算，可能我们的关注不是在环境上而是更多地转移到你能为家庭提供些什么。
tightened:收紧
We provide with dedicated trucks running on pre -determined routes and fixed schedule to ensure100% time definition.
我们可以提供专车在事先设定的路线上按照固定的的时间表运行以确保100%准点服务。
fixed:固定的
I could probably only pull off around 5 seconds of thought free time before I was thinking about what’s for dinner, I should call my mom, I need to get the car serviced, etc.
在我想晚餐吃什么，我应该叫我妈，我需要一次汽车服务等事情之前我可能只有5秒的自由思维时间。
thinking:思维
Turn the device counterclockwise while applying a gentle pull at the same time (Fig. 2).
在轻轻拉出的同时将装置按逆时针方向转动（图2）。
Turn:转动
To customize the way that Bing works, pull down the Extras menu in the upper -right and select Preferences.
为了对必应作品方式进行客户化，拉下右上角的附加菜单然后选择参数。
works:作品
The whole framework can be used to drive organizational change, or you can pull out of the framework the appropriate levels and some of the specific techniques discussed to help you in your situation.
整体架构可以被用来驾驶组织的变化，或是将一些适当的层次提取出来，这种情况下有一些具体的技术能够帮助你来完成。
drive:驾驶
Ambulances will digitally broadcast their out- of -my-way signal into cars ahead or even require them to automatically slow down and pull over.
将来，行驶在路面上的救护车能够通过数字化播送向前方车辆发送信号，要求他们让道、自动减速甚至靠边。
broadcast:播送
When you lead this week, don't lead with force, but lead with hope, lead by being a coach, by being a motivator, pull up, and never push down.
这周如果你做带领的话，不要只是用“蛮力”，而要用希望。像一个教练，像一个激励者那样向上加油，从不泄气。
lead:带领
The health bureau should formulate plan which is concrete and feasible to push about and direct the medical institutions working better.
各地区政府应在财政上定向给与扶持，卫生行政部门应制定具体的、切实可行的实施办法，推动和指导医疗机构的在职的。
working:在职的
His current visit was aimed to push forward the existing friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
我这次访问贵国的瞄准的，就是为了把两国业已存在的友好合作关系继续向前推进。
aimed:瞄准的
In 1972, farsighted leaders on the two sides opened the door for exchanges between us, and put an end to 23 years of estrangement and no contact. That started the peaceful coexistence between us.
1972年，两国有睿的领导人打开了中美关系的大门，结束了我们23年的相互隔阂和不交往的历史，开始了两国和平相处的历史。
farsighted:睿
Planting pasture had become a main forage for confined livestock while prohibiting from grazing and changing sloping field into grassland or woodland had been bring into effect in south of Ningxia.
当前宁夏南部山区已全面实施了封山禁牧和退耕还林、还草，人工放牧已成为家畜舍饲的主要饲草来源。
grazing:放牧
He had put by a good sum during a working lifetime.
在他一生的在职的中积蓄了一大笔钱。
working:在职的
And over the coming weeks, I ’ll put forward more proposals to help our businesses hire and create jobs, and won’t stop until every American who wants a job can find one.
在未来的几周，我将提出更多提案来帮助我们的企业聘请员工，创造就业岗位，直到每一个需要工作的美国人都能找到工作为止。
hire:聘请
Put in your starting disk and boot the computer by pressing Control.
放入开机盘，按控制键开机计算机。
boot:开机
Second, we will put into practice measures related to energy efficiency management for new-builts.
二是落实新建建筑节能管理有关的措施。
related:有关的
You can release God ’s power of forgiveness as you put into practice three keys to living in freedom.
当你为了使活的中充满自由快乐而努力练习三个关键内容的时候，你可以学着像上帝一样去宽容别人。
living:活的
Call or email friends and family, tell all your coworkers, join an online forum related to your goal and tell all of them. Put it on your blog.
告诉你的朋友和家人，或者写邮件给他们，告诉你所有的同事，加入到和你目标有关的的网络论坛中去，在博客中写下你的目标。
related:有关的
Negative PCR works like wind resistance does on your car: the harder you put your foot down, the more the wind impedes any further increase in your speed (see "It pays to be negative").
负PCR的作品原理就像风对汽车的阻力一样：踩油门越困难，提速时风的阻力就越大。
works:作品
He defended his crews, saying it takes a long time to put out a high-rise fire in any country.
他为他的消防队员们捍卫说，在任何一个国家，扑灭这样一场大火都需要很长的时间。
defended:捍卫
I know he and Martin Broughton were brought in to sell the club to the right owners and to put right a lot of the things they saw were wrong with the club and he has worked hard to do those things.
我知道帕斯洛和布劳顿将俱乐部卖给了正确的新东家，并且纠正了很多俱乐部里的很多缺点，帕斯洛工作过很卖命。
worked:工作过
A laparoscope (a tiny telescope connected to a video camera) is put through one of the cannulas which projects a video picture of the internal organs and spleen on a television monitor.
用腹腔镜(一个小望远镜连接一个摄像头)将内部器官、脾的视频图像通过套管输送到外面的监视器上。
spleen:脾
Turn o the radio, and you hear music chosen by a DJ. Play a CD, and you get music selections put together by a recording company.
打开收音机，你会听到由唱片骑士挑选的音乐，播放CD碟音乐，你所听到音乐是由记录公司经过挑选辑录在一起的。
recording:记录
And, the valuable data they get from consumer behavior can more readily be put to good use once users actions are able to be tracked in a consistent manner.
而且一旦用户的行为能够以一种更为连贯的方式加以跟踪，那么他们得到的有关消费者行为的宝贵数据便可以得到更好的利用。
tracked:跟踪
The U.S. said it will keep pumping cash into AIG as needed because of the threat to trading partners from a collapse. It has already put up to $180 billion at AIG's disposal.
美国政府表示,将持续向AIG挹注所需要的现金,因为若AIG垮台,将会危及众多贸易对手.美国政府至今已向AIG投入1,800亿美元.
trading:贸易
Feschotte explains that other researchers might have to puzzle over fossilized bones and argue indefinitely about whether a hominid walked upright.
Feschotte解释到，其他研究人员可能在骨头化石上苦苦思索并为原始人是否能直立走了而争论不休。
walked:走了
For lucky oldsters like those who qualify for the LLFS study, the reverse seems to be true.
对于那些有合格参加LLFS研究的幸运老人来说，相反的比例也许更真实。
qualify:合格
The field has some teams that can not only qualify for the Olympics, but also have the ability to win a medal in Beijing.
这些球队中有些不仅能获得奥运会的合格，也有实力在北京拿到一枚奖牌。
qualify:合格
In developing nations, anti- poverty programs face a basic hurdle: Who, exactly, is poor enough to qualify for the aid being given out?
在发展中国家里，脱贫计划遇到了一个根本的障碍：谁才是真正的穷人，能有合格被给予援助？
qualify:合格
Greece is considering deeper cuts in public sector wages and further tax increases on a range of products and professions to qualify for more aid, Greek newspapers said on Saturday.
希腊报纸周六报导称,希腊正考虑进一步削减公共部门薪资水平,并对一系列产品和职业进一步增税,已期有合格获得更多援助.
qualify:合格
In order to qualify for the minimum wage, an employee had to establish a decent home and demonstrate good personal habits, including sobriety, thriftiness, industriousness, and dependability.
为了够合格得到最低工资，员工必须建立一个得体的家庭并显示出良好的个人习惯，包括节制、俭省、勤勉和可靠。
qualify:合格
So much so that many of the athletes have the rings tattooed when they qualify for the games.
它是如此地深入人心，以至于许多运动员在获得奥运参赛合格后，都将五环纹在身上。
qualify:合格
Only those with an IQ of 148 and above – the top 2 percent of the population – qualify for Mensa.
而只有智商在148以上（相当于总人口2%）的人群才有合格进入门萨俱乐部。
qualify:合格
Companies that employ them can also qualify for loans and earn tax breaks.
雇佣他们的企业也可以得到贷款和减税的合格。
qualify:合格
She said many patients who qualify for the surgery do not get it because of problems with insurance coverage, but that may be short-sighted.
她说很多有合格接受手术的病人由于保险责任范围的问题不能接受手术，但那可能是一种短视行为。
qualify:合格
Even if you find that you don ’t qualify for a membership, there are probably still some events you can attend and network at.
即使你发现自己不够合格成为会员，你仍会发现一些你能够出席并借机发展自己关系网的活动。
qualify:合格
Now at the age of 39 he is back in exhaustive training to qualify for London 2012 and the chance to once again compete for Olympic gold.
如今，为了获得2012年伦敦奥运会的参赛合格，也为了能有机会再度争夺奥运金牌，39岁的他又一次投入到了高强度的训练中。
qualify:合格
Quote: "All players who qualify for the Championships are the best players in the world, so it doesn't really matter what group you're in.
任何一名获得了年终总决赛合格的选手，都是这个世界上最优秀的网球运动员，所以你被分在哪一组真的不重要。
qualify:合格
I can name quite a few of these but one of the more sensitive conditions is female incontinence.
我能说出相当多疾病的姓名而其中一个比较敏感的就是女性尿失禁。
name:姓名
If China imported a Mercedes and painted it green, it would rack up tens of thousands of export dollars.
假如中国进口的一辆奔驰轿车，将它喷成绿色，它也将为出口增加数万美元。
imported:进口的
The gridline is fixed in place and a gridline indicator appears in the rail at the end of the gridline.
网格线固定的到位，并将在轨道中网格线的末尾显示一个网格线指示符。
fixed:固定的
US companies await the first round of government grants announced by President Obama in his State of the Union address totaling $8 billion to jump- start long - delayed high- speed rail in the US.
美国公司正等待着奥巴马在国情咨文中宣布的第一轮政府拨款。这笔款项合计达80亿美元，旨在启动美国久被推迟的高铁建设项目。
totaling:合计
Trico, in trying to sell the wiper to Ford, advertised this as a specially designed passing feature— useful, say, in overtaking a truck on a rainy day.
特瑞科公司极力想福特推销这款装置，称它是一款独特设计的、非常有用的雨天必备装置。
designed:设计的
I meet many business owners who rave about the joys of working from home: more time, freedom and money seems like a dream, at least at the start.
我认识许多的创业者大力宣扬居家在职的的愉悦：有更多的时间，自由以及金钱，这看起来就像是一个梦，至少一开始是如此。
working:在职的
However, if you follow these suggestions, you will be ready for it when it comes.
然而，如果你遵照这些建议的话，你就为它的来做好了准备。
comes:来
Although winter comes as no surprise, many of us are not ready for its arrival.
虽然冬天的来无需惊讶，但是大多数人还没有为它的来临做好准备。
comes:来
Such doubts will make Afghans less likely to reckon on the government enduring — and hence more likely to fight it.
这种疑惑使阿富汗人不相信政府会长久维持——因此，他们更愿意斗争到底。
fight:斗争
What procedures are in place to ensure that cash received is properly reconciled to the sales invoices billed?
采取什么程序以保证收到的现金与销售计费一致?。
billed:计费
Business - Driven Development for SOA (service - oriented architecture), which we sometimes refer to as BDD4SOA
用于SOA（面向服务的架构）的业务驱动的的开发，有时候称为 BDD4SOA
Driven:驱动的
El- Scari has studied the sociology of men and boys set adrift, and he considers it his special gift to get them to open up and reflect on their new condition.
艾尔·斯卡里对游荡的男人和男孩做了社会学研究过，他认为自己有特殊的天赋，能令他们敞开心扉，反省自己的新状态。
studied:研究过
for international partners, companies and foundations to showcase their efforts and reflect on how to scale up what has worked.
国际伙伴、公司和基金会可展示自己的工作过并考虑如何加强行之有效的措施。
worked:工作过
In this month, Muslims pray more than usual and refrain from all kinds of sins.
在这个月中，穆斯林祈祷得比平时多，避免住所有的罪恶。
refrain:避免
We should strengthen dialogue and consultation, refrain from taking protectionist measures and avoid politicizing trade issues.
我们应该加强对话和磋商，对采取贸易保护措施进行避免，避免贸易问题政治化。
refrain:避免
It appeases Israel’s powerful friends in America’s Congress, who have threatened to cut aid if Egypt does not help squash what they regard as the terrorist faction ruling Gaza.
这种行动安抚了美国国会内以色列强大的盟友，他们曾发出受到威胁，如果埃及不帮助制服他们认为是控制了加沙的一伙恐怖份子，就削减对埃及的援助。
threatened:受到威胁
How does the role relate to those who provide direction and leadership?
这个角色与提供工作方向和领导的人有什么涉及？
relate:涉及
It defines what these software elements are and how they relate to each other.
它定义了这些软件要素是什么，以及它们如何与其他的部分产生涉及。
relate:涉及
How can I relate to this audience when my knowledge of technical topics is shallow at best?
如果我对于技术主题的认识过于浅显，又要怎样才能与这些读者建立涉及？
relate:涉及
Show me your living burden, perhaps I can help you to relieve of it.
说出你的活的压力，或许我能够帮你解压。
living:活的
If you use the cloud images you have to rely on the underlying infrastructure (e. g. Amazon EC2) to spin up new instances of (for example) an ESB, meter it and scale it.
如果使用云镜像，你不得不依赖底层潜在的设施（如AmazonEC2）来启动一个新（比方说）ESB实例,度量并调整它。
underlying:潜在的
In order to overcome this problem and narrow area, some scholars lead into the idea of restricted searching area, such as restrict to ellipse and restrict to rectangle.
为了克服这个问题，有的学者引入了限制搜索区域的思想，缩小搜索空间，比如椭圆限制、长方形限制等。
rectangle:长方形
A second demand - related costeffect will result from the fact that insurance, (even with deductibles andcopayments, drives a wedge between the cost of a service and its price, and soincreases demand.
第二个需求有关的的影响源自保险，（即使有免赔和自负）像楔子一样嵌入服务成本和价格之间这一事实，因此，将导致需求增加。
related:有关的
If the project is not well defined, with a clear vision for the final result from inception, there's a high risk of failure.
如果项目没有经过良好定义的，并且在项目启动时没有关于最终结果的远景，则失败的可能性就非常大。
defined:定义的
Some say that the Martini was invented during the gold rush period when a miner struck it rich in Martinez, CA and celebrated at a local bar by ordering the house special, a Martini.
有人说，马提尼是在加州淘金潮时发明的，当时马丁内兹市一名暴富的矿工在当地一家酒吧点来该酒吧特色饮品著名，这种饮品就是马提尼。
celebrated:著名
The influence of mode mismatch on measurement in continuous - wave cavity ring-down technology was theoretically analyzed and experimentally studied.
对连续波腔衰荡技术中的模式失配对测量结果的影响进行了理论分析了和实验研究。
analyzed:分析了
It’s also been suggested that Davis was “working ” northern Waziristan, where Islamabad has resisted US requests to root out Taliban and Al Qaeda elements in the Islamist stronghold.
还有人认为戴维斯是在北瓦济里斯坦“在职的”，伊斯兰堡就在那儿拒绝美国希望根除在伊斯兰要塞的塔利班和基地组织的要求。
working:在职的
This paper analyzes the main factors affecting property of insulating rope in damp condition by test.
本文通过带电作业用绝缘的绳在高湿状态下的电气性能试验，分析了影响电气性能的主要因素。
insulating:绝缘的
Unperturbed, some yaks and goats quietly graze, while a brutish dog goes berserk, tugging dementedly at a rope in an effort to get free and kill me.
一些牦牛和山羊则继续安静的轻擦，而一只凶恶的狗发狂起来，疯狂的试图挣脱绳索杀死我。
graze:轻擦
We made our way up the fixed rope and then down into a deeper third canyon.
我们沿着固定的的绳索前进，然后到达了一个更深的峡谷，这已经是第三个了。
fixed:固定的
Then set the layer to Overlay blending mode and use a mask to round off the corners.
然后将这个图层的混合模式放为叠加，并用蒙版圆滑转角。
set:放
An injury hit Chelsea squad face off against not so fierce London rivals Fulham, at Stamford Bridge, to round out the year that was 2006.
遭受伤病侵袭的切尔西将在斯坦福桥对阵不甚强大的同城竞争对手富勒姆战争中结束这个2006年。
rivals:竞争对手
Things get rub, slow down or get stuck when in contact with other things.
当接触到其他物体时，物体会遇到摩擦，慢的下来或者变得很使劲的样子。
slow:慢的
It's typically run along with smbd by a distribution's startup scripts.
它通常通过分布的启动脚本与单片机一起运行。
smbd:单片机
In floating offshore operations, the choke and kill lines exit the subsea BOP stack and run along the outside of the riser to the surface.
在海洋使用漂浮的船作业时，节流和压井管线是从海底防喷器组直接排出的，之后通过外部的导管到达海平面。
floating:漂浮的
It's better to be revived and run away with a currently useless engineer kit then dying and loosing the ticket, or even worse: Loosing the SL which is the mobile spawn point for the squad.
被复苏而且离开跑步和现在无用的工程师装备比较好然后死亡而且释放票，或更坏地相等：释放班的移动的卵点的SL 。
run:跑步
The legendary Japanese savings rate is down from its 1990 levels, even when one allows for the huge surpluses of corporations; the ageing population is starting to run down its savings as it retires.
即使考虑到企业巨额的现金结余，充满传奇色彩的日本储蓄率已经低于了1990年的水平；另外，随着人口老化，老人们退休时，储蓄便逐渐减少。
ageing:老化
Several of my clients have run into trouble because they designed their messaging network to scale up using identical components.
我的几个客户陷入了麻烦，因为他们将消息网络设计的为使用相同的组件来进行横向扩展。
designed:设计的
To steal someone else ’s book title, “Feel the Fear and Do it Anyway .” Don’t let fear hijack your potential or run your life (into the ground).
在此盗用一下别人的书名，《感受害怕，无论如何采取行动吧》，不要让害怕埋没了你的潜力，甚至把你生活弄得一团糟。
fear:害怕
We have had to quality check all of the DP0682 pulleys that we recently received from you, as on our initial inspection there were concerns about the run out on these pulleys.
我们已经对最近刚收到的您发送的DP0682滑轮进行了质量查看，我们的初步查看有些滑轮有些运行问题。
check:查看
PPP allows networking protocols such as TCP / IP run over a serial link.
PPP允许联网协议（比如TCP/IP）在串行链路上运行。
networking:联网
I'll take you through the steps of downloading and installing the framework, and then I'll run through some sample applications that will give you an idea of how it works.
我将带您一起经历下载和安装这个框架的每一步，然后运行一些示例应用程序，让您理解它的作品方式。
works:作品
If synchronization was successful, the time at the beginning of the synchronization will be saved to be used during the next run to determine what needs to be synchronized.
如果同步化成功了，那么同步化开始的时间将会得到已保存以在下一次运行期间使用，从而决定需要同步化哪些内容。
saved:已保存
We have run up to 100 concurrent load view operations, loading directories of varying sizes from the server.
我们已经运行了多达100 种共时负载视图操作，负载目录随着服务器的变化的而有所变化的。
varying:变化的
We have time to study this, and so it is much more important for us to think about this and get it right, than it is to try to rush through some kind of solution, "he said."
我们有时间对此进行学习，因此，我们应该做的更重要的是对社安制度做出思考，纠正问题，而不是匆忙制定解决方案。
study:学习
Employers are slower to sack workers than in America, partly thanks to government subsidies that encourage them to shorten working hours instead (see article).
雇主解雇工人的速度也更慢，部分原因在于政府补贴鼓励雇主们以缩短在职的时间来代替解雇（见文章）。
working:在职的
raising awareness of the risks related to health - care waste, and of safe and sound practices;
提高对卫生保健废物有关的风险以及安全合理做法的认识；
related:有关的
Linda phoned me in on arrival so that I know she was safe and sound.
琳达到达后给我打了打电话，因而我知道她平安无事。
phoned:打电话
Remember to maintain a low- salt diet. Stay away from preserved and canned foods and dried seaweed.
记得维持低盐饮食。远离防腐的和装成罐装的的食品还有乾燥的海菜。
canned:罐装的
Armed with the following customer service tips, you can diffuse a situation, save the sale and possibly even create a loyal customer.
参照下列的客户服务技巧，可以帮你化解难题，挽回生意，可能还会为你带来一个忠诚的客户。
following:下列的
The two conservation groups want governments to review the situation through the UN this year and act fast to save species that are sliding close to extinction.
这两个环保组织希望今年各国政府能重新审视现状，通过联合国做出快速行为来保护这即将走向灭亡的物种。
act:行为
But now my daughter’s grown and working. I only need to save up for the dowry, which is manageable.
现在我女儿长大参加在职的了，我只要给她备好嫁妆就是了，这我办得到。
working:在职的
Far -reaching powers of deduction demand a lot of energy because for the brain to search out new relationships it must constantly correlate information from different sources.
劳林说：“深层次的推理需要消耗大量的能量，因为为了检索到新的关联，大脑必须不断地从各类来源中找出关联信息。
correlate:关联
The IBM commitment to Linux is second to none in the industry, which is a huge selling point for businesses that want to start moving towards Linux.
IBM对Linux投入在业界是首屈一指的，对于想开始转向Linux 的企业来说，这是一个巨大的卖点。
want:想
Frank trained very hard in the last two weeks and today he made the training session. We will see after training tomorrow but he looks good.
在过去的两周里，兰帕德训练有素非常努力，今天他加入了球队的训练有素课程。明天训练有素后你将看到他，他现在看起来不错。
trained:训练有素
And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and saith, Why doth this generation seek after a sign?
耶稣心里深深的叹了口气说，这世代为什么求神迹呢。
sighed:叹了口气
In addition to verifying assertions of fact, they will seek out differing opinions in cases where the facts are in dispute.
除了要对所说事实予以核实以外，他们应该在存在事实争议时，找出各种不同的的观点。
differing:不同的
The Master sighed. "Have I so dazzled you, my son, that you still refuse to see the light in you "?
大师叹了口气道：“我一直对你大为赞赏，我的孩子，难道你还是拒绝看见你自身的光芒吗？”
sighed:叹了口气
You can then check this database out for editing, and modify the forms and data types as you see fit.
然后你可以检查编辑和调整的表单和数据类型以符合你的要求。
modify:调整
As anguished as I know you will be, I also know that you will have no choice but to protect my killers: you will see to it that the guilty one is never convicted.
我知道你一定处于极度的痛苦的中，我也知道你不得不保护杀害我的凶手：你会确保罪犯决不会被起诉。
anguished:痛苦的
I can use Ajax to check periodically for changes in a field and send down suggestions for completion as the user types.
可以使用Ajax定期查看字段的更改，并根据用户键入的内容发送拼写补全建议。
check:查看
In a BBC documentary, the Rwandan opposition said the government threatened to send in prisoners if families refused to move the remains.
在BBC的一个纪录片中，卢旺达反对派称，政府受到威胁如果有人拒绝挖掘遇难亲属的遗骨，他们将被送进监狱。
threatened:受到威胁
If you only want to send out two autoreminders, set the last setting to 0, and no third autoreminder notice will be sent.
如果您只想发送两次自动提醒，可将最后一项放为0 ，这样就不会发送第三次自动提醒通知。
set:放
In this case, a global item class can be defined for the connector, to serve as a way to retrieve those properties that can always be accessed.
在这种情况下，可以为连接器定义一个全局项目类，作为对那些一直可以进行访问的属性进行取回的方法。
retrieve:取回
But, it warns this progress could be set back if measures are not taken to reverse the rise in obesity among young people.
但是，该机构提醒到，如果不采取措施撤销年轻人中不断增加的肥胖情况，这种进展可能会发生倒退。
reverse:撤销
As other men sometimes tabulate lists of properties they own or would like to own, I set down my inventory of earthly desirables: health, love, beauty, talent, power, riches, and fame.
就像其他人会把已经拥有的和想要拥有的制成制表一样。我列下我世俗的愿望：健康，爱情，美貌，才能，权利，财富和声望。
tabulate:制表
Throughout our great motherland, people's minds were set free, the economy began to grow, democracy was advocated, and education, arts and culture, and science developed.
我们伟大的祖国迎来了思想的解放、经济的发达、政治的昌明、教育的勃兴、文艺的繁荣、科学的春天。
developed:发达
This variable is set in the PHP code invoking the template, as you'll see later in this section.
这个变量是在调用模板的PHP代码中放的，您将会在本节的后面看到。
set:放
The server option can be set in two different ways, depending on whether the capability is to be enabled only for a particular application or for all federated applications that access that source.
该服务器选项可以使用两种不同的方式进行放，这取决于该功能是仅为特定应用程序还是为所有访问这个数据源的联邦应用程序启用。
set:放
Pools of floating oil are set on fire in controlled burns.
在部分油污漂浮的水域，我们也在有防护受控的情况下以烧油的方式清除油污。
controlled:受控
Two Chinese destroyers and a supply ship set sail on Friday -- the first time in recent history that the nation has deployed ships on a potential combat mission well beyond its territorial waters.
中国2艘驱逐舰以及一艘补给舰将于周五启航——这是中国历史上首次将其军舰已部署在领海之外，执行可能的战斗行动。
deployed:已部署
When it comes to creating and governing content, it’s easy to forget what we want, or even worse, to settle for less.
当创作和执政的内容时，我们很容易忘记什么是自己想要的，甚至更糟的是满足于眼前的成果。
governing:执政的
If it is set to 0, all processes log to the same file.
如果将此选项放为0，所有进程将记录到同一个文件中。
set:放
You can change the comment of the change set to make it more descriptive by clicking on the comment and editing it.
通过点击这个组件并对它进行编辑，您可以变更这个变更放的组件，从而使它更具描述性。
set:放
Three replication volumes set up with guaranteed consistency for each of the volumes.
三个复制卷，经过恰当放，能保证每个卷的一致性。
set:放
Set up one of your machines to "catch" such traffic, and you can make it out past most firewalls.
将您的一台机器设置为“抓住”这样的通信，您就可以使它穿过大多数的防火墙。
catch:抓住
When inheritance is set on a directory, all new files created in this directory are encrypted by default.
当在一个目录上设置了继承时，在缺省情况下，在这个目录中创建的所有新文件都将经过加密的。
encrypted:加密的
These enhanced password strength rules can be set on a realm, policy, and per- principal basis.
这些增强密码强度规则可以基于领域、策略或主体进行放。
set:放
Playing Roma in Rome in the European Cup final and scoring a penalty in the shoot out to help us win it.
在罗马的欧洲杯赛的决赛中和罗马队踢比赛，利用一个点球帮助我们赢得赢。
win:赢
The lift render pipeline is short and sweet and lift runs on standard web containers.
lift的使成为管道简明扼要，而且lift在标准的web容器中运行。
render:使成为
When I was back to the chamber where my bed lies and sensed the jocund atmosphere permeated when the inmates shuffle off everything after class every day, I couldn't help but sighed secretly.
每日回到寝居，感觉到同室们在课后摆脱一切的欢愉氛围，不免暗自叹了口气。
sighed:叹了口气
And Cary Cooper, professor of organization psychology at Lancaster University, and author of "Shut up and Listen: The Truth About How to Communicate at Work," said bans were counter- productive.
兰开斯特大学组织心理学教授、《关闭！倾听：工作中的沟通法则》一书的作者卡里·库伯说，“禁令”往往会适得其反。
Shut:关闭
And Cary Cooper, professor of organization psychology at Lancaster University, and author of "Shut up and Listen: The Truth About How to Communicate at Work ," said bans were counter- productive.
兰开斯特大学组织心理学教授、《关闭！倾听：工作中的沟通法则》一书的作者卡�·库伯说，“禁令”往往会适得其反。
Shut:关闭
Now the Daily Mail reports that a lawyer who is sick of the sight of Picton wants his portrait to be removed from Carmarthen crown court.
如今，《每日邮报》报道称，一名厌恶皮克顿形象的律师想要皮克顿的肖像能从喀麦登刑事法庭中移除。
wants:想要
She is sick of uncertain income, no holiday pay and working by herself each day.
她已经厌倦了不稳定的收入，无休假工资和每天一个人的在职的。
working:在职的
When you meet the right one at the wrong time, you are doomed to sigh for whole life.
错的时间,遇见对的人,是一生叹.
sigh:叹
A wise man never stops to sigh for failure and they will remedy by hunting the best way to solve.
明智的人决不坐下来为失败而叹，他们一定会乐观寻找办法加以挽救。
sigh:叹
Therefore if we have done our part, there is nothing much to sigh for.
所以只要我们做好自己的工作，就没有什么好叹的了。
sigh:叹
Serbs on the other hand characterise Kosovo as the cradle of their nation, and some politicians have threatened to bring down their government if it agrees to sign away the province.
另一方面塞尔维亚人却把科索沃看作他们民族的发源地，一些政治人物受到威胁说，如果同意签字让与科索沃省，他们的政府将会垮台。
threatened:受到威胁
Clicking on the details link pops up a window where you can sign out other sessions that may be running.
点击细节关联会弹出一个窗口，在那里你可以登出其他可能运行的服务。
link:关联
