These young people, who love the peace of mountains, always receive a warm welcome at St.Bernard's monastery.
这些热爱高山清静环境的年轻人每年都受到圣伯纳德道院的温暖欢迎。
a warm welcome:温暖欢迎
The hardened professional smuggler, on the other hand, is never troubled by such feelings, even if he has five hundred gold watches hidden in his suitcase.
而老练的职业走私犯却使手提箱里藏着500只金表，却也是永远麻烦。
is never troubled:是永远麻烦
All the thing I had packed so carefully were soon in a dreadful mess.
所有细心包装好的东西一会儿工夫就可怕混乱。
a dreadful mess:可怕混乱
Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money box.
但是能把储蓄罐装满的只有只有非常的几个特别节俭的孩子。
Only very:只有非常
Verrazano, an Italian about whom little is known, sailed into New York Harbour in 1524 and named it Angouleme.
1524年，一位很小是已知的意大利人维拉萨诺驾船驶进纽约港，并将该港名为安古拉姆。
little is known:很小是已知
Though Verrazano is by no means considered to be a great explorer, his name will probably remain immortal, for on November 21st, 1964, the longest suspension bridge in the world was named after him.
虽然维拉萨诺绝对算不上一个伟大的探险家，但他的名字将他的名字意志很有可能留下永生，因为1964年11月21日建成的一座世界上最长的吊桥是以他的名字命名。
his name will probably remain immortal:他的名字意志很有可能留下永生
Despite its immensity, it is both simple and elegant, fulfilling its designer's dream to create'an enormous object drawn as faintly as possible'.
尽管此桥很大，但它的结构简单，造型优美，实现了设计者企图创造一个“尽量用细线条勾画出一个巨大的”的梦想。
enormous:巨大的
Oddly shaped forms that are suspended form the ceiling and move in response to a gust of wind are quite familiar to everybody.
人们所熟悉的是悬挂在天花板上、造型奇特、移动在答复到暴风雨的风的雕塑品。
move in response to a gust of wind:移动在答复到暴风雨的风
These peculiar forms not only seemed designed to shock people emotionally, but to give them electric shocks as well!
好像设计这些特别的表格的展品不仅是为了给人感情上的强烈刺激，而且还想给人以电击似的！
peculiar forms:特别的表格
The writer stated that Rastus was in safe hands and would be returned immediately if Mrs.Ramsay paid a ransom of $1,000.
写信人声称拉斯特斯是在安全手，只要拉姆齐太太愿意支付1,000 英镑赎金，可以立即将猫送还。
was in safe hands:是在安全手
He looked very well though he was rather thirsty, for he drank half a bottle of milk.
它看上去非常好的，只是口渴得很，喝了半瓶牛奶。
very well:非常好的
The police were astounded when Mrs.Ramsay told them what she had done.
拉姆齐太太把她所做的事告诉了警察，警察听后惊奇。
astounded:惊奇
One of the most colourful figures in boxing history was Daniel Mendoza, who was born in 1764.
拳击史上最一个的是的大多数有色的人物之一是丹尼尔.门多萨，他生于1764年。
One of the most colourful:一个的是的大多数有色
Mendoza rose to fame swiftly after a boxing match when he was only fourteen years old.
门多萨在14岁时参加一场拳击赛后玫瑰到名声迅速。
rose to fame swiftly:玫瑰到名声迅速
In fact, Mendoza soon became so successful that Humphries turned against him.
事实上，门多萨不久便成为那么成功，致使汉弗莱斯与他反目为敌。
became so successful:成为那么成功
The two men quarrelled bitterly and it was clear that the argument could only be settled by a fight.
两个人争吵不休，它是清楚，只有较量一番才能解决问题。
it was clear:它是清楚
Despite this, he was so extravagant that he was always in debt.
尽管这样，但他那么奢侈，经常债台高筑。
so extravagant:那么奢侈
If you lived in the Mediterranean, for instance, you would consider octopus a great delicacy.
比如，如果你住在地中海地区，你会把章鱼视作是伟大的美味。
a great delicacy:伟大的美味
The sad truth is that most of us have been brought up to eat certain foods and we stick to them all our lives.
。悲伤真话的是， 我们中的大部分人，生来就只吃某几种食品，而且一辈子都这样。
The sad truth:。悲伤真话
There are countless people who, ever since their early years, have learned to associate snails with food.
有无数的人们从小就知道蜗牛可做菜。
countless:无数
one day, after heavy shower, I happened to be walking in my garden when I noticed a huge number of snails taking a stroll on some of my prize plants.
有一天，一场大雨后，我在花园里采纳散步散步，突然注意到许许多多蜗牛在我的一些心爱的花木上慢悠悠的蠕动着。
taking a stroll:采纳散步
Acting on a sudden impulse, I collected several dozen, put them in a paper bag, and took them to Robert.
我表演上突然冲动，逮了几十只，装进一只纸袋里，带着去找罗伯特。
Acting on a sudden impulse:表演上突然冲动
We often read in novels how a seemingly respectable person or family has some terrible secret which has been concealed from strangers for years.
在小说中，我们经常读到一个表面上受人尊重的人物或家庭，却有着某种多年不为人所知的可怕的秘密。
terrible:可怕
The reader's hair stands on end when he reads in the final pages of the novel that the heroine a dear old lady who had always been so kind to everybody, had, in her youth, poisoned every one of her five husbands.
当读者到小说最后几页了解到书中女主人公，那位一向待大家很好的可爱的老妇人年轻时一连毒死了她的5个丈夫时，不禁会头发站台上结束。
hair stands on end:头发站台上结束
It is all very well for such things to occur in fiction.
这种事发生在小说中是它是所有非常好的的。
It is all very well:它是所有非常好的
A temporary rudder was made on board from spare planks and it was fitted with great difficulty.
船员用备用的木板在船上赶制了一只应急用的舵，并克服伟大的困难将舵安装就位。
great difficulty:伟大的困难
Though the new rudder was fitted at tremendous speed, it was impossible for the Cutty Sark to win.
尽管换装新舵时在巨大的速度，但“卡蒂萨克”号已经不可能取胜了。
at tremendous speed:在巨大的速度
Much as we may pride ourselves on our good taste, we are no longer free to choose the things we want.
尽管我们可以自夸自己的鉴赏力如何敏锐，但我们已经无法免费地选购自己所需的东西了。
free:免费
but how many of us can honestly say that we have not felt a little envious of their simple way of life and their freedom from care?
但是，我们中有多少人能够坦率地说我们对流浪汉的简朴生活与自由的境况不感到有些羡慕呢？
freedom:自由
Before she had anchored, the men from the boats had climbed on board and the decks were soon covered with colourful rugs from Persia, silks from India, copper coffee pots, and beautiful handmade silverware.
大船还未下锚，小船上的人就纷纷爬上客轮，一会儿工夫，甲板上就摆满了有色的波斯地毯、印度丝绸、铜咖啡壶以及手工制作的漂亮的银器。
colourful:有色
Many of the tourists on board had begun bargaining with the tradesmen, but I decide not to buy anything until I had disembarked.
船上许多游客开始同商贩谈判起来，但我打定主意上岸之前什么也不买。
bargaining:谈判
I felt especially pleased with my wonderful bargain -- until I got back to the ship.
在回到船上之前，我一直为我的绝妙的讨价还价而感觉尤其是高兴。
felt especially pleased:感觉尤其是高兴
He spent a miserable day in bed thinking of all the fun he was missing.
他在床上悲惨地躺了一天，想着他错过的种种欢乐。
miserable:悲惨
A farm worker, who stayed up all night claimed to have seen a figure cutting corn in the moonlight.
有一个留下高所有夜的雇工还声称他看见一个人影在月光下收割庄稼。
stayed up all night:留下高所有夜
Fearing the authorities, Eric remained in hiding after the war as well.
由于害怕当局，埃里克战后继续留下的在隐藏。
remained in hiding:留下的在隐藏
True eccentrics never deliberately set out to draw attention to themselves.
真正古怪的人从不有意设置出去到抽水注意。
set out to draw attention:设置出去到抽水注意
They disregard social conventions without being conscious that they are doing anything extraordinary.
他们不顾社会习俗，意识不到自己做有什么特殊之处。
doing:做
He was a shrewd and wealthy businessman, but most people in the town hardly knew anything about this side of his life.
他是个精明能干、有钱的商人，但镇上大部分人对他生活中的这一个方面几乎几乎没有知道任何事情。
hardly knew anything:几乎没有知道任何事情
The assistant asked him to leave, but Dickie paid no attention to him and requested to see the manager.
店员让迪基走开，但他支付的不注意，并要求见经理。
paid no attention:支付的不注意
Seeing a cake flying through the air, a lorry driver who was drawing up alongside the car, pulled up all of a sudden.
此时，一辆卡车正好从后边开到那辆汽车边上，司机看见一块蛋糕飞行通过是的空气，紧急刹车。
flying through the air:飞行通过是的空气
The more expensive kind of antique shop where rare objects are beautifully displayed in glass cases to keep them free from dust is usually a forbidding place.
高档一点的古玩店为了防尘，把文物漂亮地陈列在玻璃柜子里，那里往往令人是通常禁止地点。
is usually a forbidding place:是通常禁止地点
There is always hope that in its labyrinth of musty, dark, disordered rooms a real rarity will be found amongst the piles of assorted junk that little the floors.
人们还常常有希望在发霉、阴暗、混乱、迷宫般的店堂里，从杂乱地摆放在地面上的、一堆堆各式各样的破烂货里找到一件稀世珍品。
disordered:混乱
Like a scientist bent on making a discovery, he must cherish the hope that one day he will be amply rewarded.
他必须像一个弯曲上进行探索的科学家那样抱有这样的希望，即终有一天，他的努力会取得丰硕的成果。
bent on:弯曲上
Glancing at it briefly, the dealer told him that it was worth $50.
古董商简要地说看了一眼那幅画，告诉弗兰克那画值50英镑。
briefly:简要地说
The tiny painting proved to be an unknown masterpiece by Correggio and was worth hundreds of thousands of pounds.
那幅不大的画原来是柯勒乔的一幅未知的杰作，价值几十万英镑。
unknown:未知
When we use a phrase like'it serves him right', we are, in part, admitting that a certain set of circumstances has enabled justice to act of its own accord.
当我们说“他它服务他右”这句话的时候，我们部分承认了某种特定的环境使得正义自动地起了作用。
it serves him right:它服务他右
Towards midday, a girl heard a muffed cry coming from behind on of the walls.
快到中午的时候，一个女售货员听见从一堵墙里传出一种莫菲德哭泣的叫声。
a muffed cry:莫菲德哭泣
Franz poured scorn on the idea, pointing out that his brother had been killed in action during the war.
弗朗兹对此注水蔑视上，指出他兄弟已经在战争中阵亡了。
poured scorn on:注水蔑视上
Hans returned to his family home, but the house had been bombed and no one in the neighbourhood knew what had become of the inhabitants.
汉斯重返故里，但他的家已被炸毁，一个在是的邻近谁也不知原住户的下落。
one in the neighbourhood:一个在是的邻近
After years of conditioning, most of us have developed an unshakable faith in railway timetables.
经过多年的适应，大多数人对火车时刻表产生了一种不可动摇的信念。
unshakable:不可动摇
It is all too easy to blame the railway authorities when something does go wrong.
因此，一旦铁路上真出了问题，人们便它是所有也轻松地责备铁路当局。
It is all too easy:它是所有也轻松
I reflected that there must be a great many local people besides myself who wished to take advantage of this excellent service.
我想除我之外，想利用快车之便的也一定伟大的许多本地人除了自己。
a great many local people besides myself:伟大的许多本地人除了自己
Films, videos, CDs and CD-ROMS are just some of the bewildering amount of information they will have.
电影、录像、光盘和光盘驱动器只是能为他们提供令人令人困惑的大量信息的几种手段。
bewildering:令人困惑
They will be able, as it were, to see and hear us in action.
他们能够如它是般地观看我们做事，倾听我们讲话。
as it were:如它是
Even seemingly insignificant remains can shed interesting light on the history of early man.
即使看起来微不足道的遗物，也可能揭示人类早期历史的一些有趣的内容。
insignificant:微不足道
A yellow light on the dashboard flashed angrily and Bruce cheerfully announced that there was no oil in the engine!
仪表盘一盏黄灯闪着刺眼的光芒，布鲁斯愉快地地宣布发动机里没油了！
cheerfully:愉快地
Only when he saw that the man was actually telephoning the police did he realize that they had all been the victims of a hoax.
当他看到那个工人真的是给警察挂电话，才了解那，原来他们都成一场骗局的受害者。
realize that:了解那
Most of my friends live in the city, yet they always go into raptures at the mere mention of the country.
我的许多朋友都住在城市，但他们只要一提起乡村，马上就会变得去进入狂欢。
go into raptures:去进入狂欢
He is forever talking about the friendly people, the clean atmosphere, the closeness to nature and the gentle pace of living.
他永远说话地大谈友好的农民，洁净的空气，贴近大自然的环境和悠闲的生活节奏。
forever talking:永远说话
Nothing can be compared, he maintains, with the first cockcrow, the twittering of birds at dawn, the sight of the rising sun glinting on the trees and pastures.
他坚持认为，凌晨雄鸡第一声啼叫，黎明时分小鸟吱喳欢叫，冉冉升起的朝阳染红树木、牧场，此番美景没什么可以是比较。
Nothing can be compared:没什么可以是比较
Country people run wild when they go shopping in the city and stagger home loaded with as many of the exotic items as they can carry.
乡里人进城采购跑野生动物，每次回家时都买足了外来商品，直到拿不动方才罢休，连走路都摇摇晃晃的。
run wild:跑野生动物
Few things could be more impressive than the peace that descends on deserted city streets at weekends when the thousands that travel to work every day are tucked away in their homes in the country.
周末，当成千上万进城上班的人回到他们的乡间寓所之后，空旷的街市笼罩着一种宁静气氛，没有什么能比此时的宁静更很少一些事情可以是更多令人印象深刻比了。
Few things could be more impressive than:很少一些事情可以是更多令人印象深刻比
For one agonizing moment, the dish was perched precariously on the bank of the canal, but it suddenly overbalanced and slid back into the water.
在令人痛苦的瞬间，盘子晃晃悠悠地上了岸，但它突然失去了平衡，又跌回水中。
agonizing:痛苦
You can stretch your legs on the spacious decks, play games, meet interesting people and enjoy good food -- always assuming, of course, that the sea is calm.
你可以在甲板上伸展四肢、做游戏，还能也很见到各种有趣的人，能享用各种好的食物——当然，这一切只有在大海风平浪静的情况下才有可能。
good food:好的食物
You can stretch your legs on the spacious decks, play games, meet interesting people and enjoy good food -- always assuming, of course, that the sea is calm.
你可以在甲板上伸展四肢、做游戏，还能也很见到各种有趣的人，能享用各种美味佳肴——当然，这一切只有在大海海是平静的情况下才有可能。
sea is calm:海是平静
Even if you travel in ideal weather, sea journeys take a long time.
即使理想天气，坐船旅行也要占用很长时间。
ideal weather:理想天气
Travelling at a height of 30,000 feet, far above the clouds, and at over 500 miles an hour is an exhilarating experience.
很远上面是的云，在30，000 英尺高空以500英里的时速旅行，这种经历令人心旷神怡。
far above the clouds:很远上面是的云
Travelling at a height of 30,000 feet, far above the clouds, and at over 500 miles an hour is an exhilarating experience.
腾云驾雾，在30，000 英尺高空以500英里的时速旅行，这种经历令人令人兴奋。
exhilarating:令人兴奋
An aeroplane offers you an unusual and breathtaking view of the world.
飞机上，你可以观察世界上令人叹息的的奇妙的美景。
breathtaking:令人叹息的
However you decide to spend your time, one thing is certain: you will arrive at your destination fresh and uncrumpled.
不管你打算如何消磨时间，有件事是可以肯定的：即当你抵达目的地时，你感到新鲜，毫无倦意。
fresh:新鲜
In democratic countries any efforts to restrict the freedom of the press are rightly condemned.
在民主国家里，任何限制新闻自由的企图都正确地地受到谴责。
rightly:正确地
They would have continued to struggle against economic odds and would have lived in obscurity.
这家人会继续为克服经济上的拮据而奋斗，并在模糊地活下去。
in obscurity:在模糊
Gifts poured in not only from unknown people, but room baby food and soap manufacturers who wished to advertise their products.
不但未知人的人寄来了大量的礼物，而且婴儿食品、婴儿肥皂制造厂商为了替自己产品做广告也寄来了大量的礼物。
unknown people:未知人
No one can plead ignorance of a subject any longer, for these are countless do-it-yourself publications.
由于出版了不计其数的教人自己动手做事的书报杂志，没有人再能说对某事无知。
ignorance:无知
Armed with the right tools and materials, newlyweds gaily embark on the task of decorating their own homes.
新婚夫妇找来合适的工具和材料，狂热地地开始布置新房。
gaily:狂热地
Some wives tend to believe that their husbands are infinitely resourceful and can fix anything.
妻子常常认为她们的丈夫无比无限地聪明。
infinitely resourceful:无限地聪明
The mower firmly refused to mow, so I decided to dismantle it.
修完后割草机还是坚定地拒绝到修剪，于是，我决定把它拆开。
firmly refused to mow:坚定地拒绝到修剪
The garden was soon littered with chunks of metal which had once made up a lawn mower.
一会儿工夫，割草机便被拆成一个个金属零件，是不久杂乱地堆在花园里。
was soon littered:是不久杂乱
We always assume that villagers in remote places are friendly and hospitable.
我们总是以为偏僻的地方的村民们友善及客气。
friendly and hospitable:友善及客气
The village seemed deserted, the only sign of life being an ugly-looking black goat on a short length of rope tied to a tree in a field nearby.
村里似乎无人居住，唯一的生命迹象是附近田里一只丑陋的黑山羊，用一截短绳拴在一棵树上。
ugly-looking:丑陋
Sitting down on a dilapidated wooden fence near the field, we opened a couple of tins of sardines and had a picnic lunch.
我们在田边一堵腐烂的篱笆墙上坐下来，打开几听沙丁鱼罐头，吃了一顿野外午餐。
dilapidated:腐烂
The parquet floors shone like mirrors,highly polished silver was displayed in gleaming glass cabinets,even my uncle's huge collection of books was kept miraculously free from dust.
镶木地板洁如明镜，擦得发亮的银器陈列在明亮的玻璃柜里，连姑夫的大量藏书也保存得很好，奇迹般地免费从尘埃。
free from dust:免费从尘埃
Though my aunt pursued what was, in those days, an enlightened policy, in that she never allowed her domestic staff to work more than eight hours a day, she was extremely difficult to please.
姑妈待佣人在当时算是开明的，从来不让佣人每天工作超过8小时，但他们很难使她请。
please:请
While she always criticized the fickleness of human nature, she carried on an unrelenting search for the ideal servant to the end of her days,even after she had been sadly disillusioned by Bessie.
她一方面总是批评人的本性是的动荡，另一方面她又持之以恒地寻找一个理想的佣人，即使在贝西大大地伤她的心之后，她还在找，一直到她死去。
the fickleness:是的动荡
While she always criticized the fickleness of human nature, she carried on an unrelenting search for the ideal servant to the end of her days,even after she had been sadly disillusioned by Bessie.
她一方面总是批评人的本性朝三暮四，另一方面她又无休止的地寻找一个理想的佣人，即使在贝西大大地伤她的心之后，她还在找，一直到她死去。
unrelenting:无休止的
my aunt unexpectedly returned one afternoon with a party of guests and instructed Bessie to prepare dinner.
一天下午，她意外地地回来了，带来一大批客人，吩咐贝西准备晚饭。
unexpectedly:意外地
No only was the meal well below the usual standard, but Bessie seemed unable to walk steadily.
结果，不仅饭菜远不如平时做得好，而且贝西走起路来似乎不能到散步稳步地。。
unable to walk steadily.:不能到散步稳步地。
They had mysteriously found their way there from the wine cellar!
这些酒瓶神秘地地从酒窖来到了这里。
mysteriously:神秘地
If we remain inveterate smokers, it is only because we have so often experienced the frustration that results from failure.
如果我们烟瘾大，戒不掉，那是因为屡戒失败，失去信心。
failure:失败
An all-night party on New Year's Eve provided me with a good excuse for not carrying out either of these new resolutions on the first day of the year.
新年除夕举办的一次通宵晚会，使我与好的原谅地在新年头一天免去了这两项任务。
with a good excuse:与好的原谅
but on the second, I applied myself assiduously to the task.
不过，新年第二天，我坚持不懈地地照着去做了。
assiduously:坚持不懈地
After jumping about on the carpet and twisting the human frame into uncomfortable positions, I sat down at the breakfast table in an exhausted condition.
我在地毯上跳来蹦过去，扭曲身子，摆出各种姿势，弄得浑身不舒服，然后坐到桌边吃早饭，一副在一个疲惫不堪条件的样子。
in an exhausted condition:在一个疲惫不堪条件
That was really unsettling, but I fended off the taunts and jibes of the family good-humouredly.
这真叫人不好意思，但我封锁取消地顶住全家人的嘲笑和奚落。
fended off:封锁取消
How Harry came into the possession of this outlandish stuff makes an interesting story which he is fond of relating.
哈里如何得到这种野蛮的东西的，这里有个有趣的故事，而且他挺爱把它讲给别人听。
outlandish:野蛮
She produced all sorts of weird concoctions, but none of them met with Harry's requirements.
她拿出各种各样奇怪的化妆品，但没有一样能够符合哈里的要求。
weird:奇怪
He expected the assistant to look at him in blank astonishment.
他原想女售货员会惊奇地望着他，在空惊奇。
in blank astonishment:在空惊奇
He was glad to get away with a mere twenty pounds and he beat a hasty retreat, clutching the precious bottle under his arm.
他庆幸自己只破费了20英镑便得以脱身，他把那宝贵的瓶子放在腋下夹着，打匆忙撤退。
beat a hasty retreat:打匆忙撤退
The system has worked so well, that it has been adopted in other countries too.
由于这种制度工作那么好的，已被其他国家采纳。
worked so well:工作那么好的
If a citizen's complaint is justified, the Ombudsman will act on his behalf.
如果公民的意见正确，司法特派员便为他行动上他的代表。
act on his behalf:行动上他的代表
There was nothing in the record to show that the foreigner's complaint was justified and the Chief of Police strongly denied the accusation.
材料中没有任何文字记载证明外国人所说的情况符合事实，警察局长强烈地否认这一指控。
strongly denied:强烈地否认
The Ombudsman's prompt action at once put an end to an unpleasant practice which might have gone unnoticed.
司法特派员及时采取的行动，迅速制止了这一起不愉快的事件，不然这件事可能因未得到人们注意而放一个结束。
put an end:放一个结束
We enjoy staring at them, entranced as they go about their business, unaware (we hope) of our presence.
我们喜欢入迷地看它们做事，它们不知道（我们希望）我们就在它们身边。
we hope:我们希望
For a long time,I watched them scurrying around the base of the tree in bewilderment.
在很长一段时间里，我看见蚂蚁围着大树底部来回转悠，在困惑。
in bewilderment:在困惑
I even went out at midnight with a torch and noted with satisfaction (and surprise) that the ants were still swarming around the sticky tape without being able to do anything about it.
半夜，我还拿着电筒来到花园里，满意地（同时惊奇地）发现那些蚂蚁还围着胶带蜂拥四周，无能为力。
swarming around:蜂拥四周
I realized sadly that I had been completely defeated by their ingenuity.
我懊丧地感到败在了聪明的蚂蚁的手下。
ingenuity:聪明
We know instinctively, just as beekeepers with their bees, that misfortune might overtake us if the important events of our lives were not related to it.
我们本能地懂得，就像养蜂人和他的蜜蜂那样，要是我们不把生活中的重大的事件告诉那条河，就可能不幸。
misfortune:不幸
After a long period of rain the river may overflow its banks.
久雨这后，河水会溢出。
overflow:溢出
Their farm was low lying and who were newcomers to the district.
他们的农场地势低洼，而且他们又新人。
newcomers:新人
From an attic window we could get a sweeping view of the river where their land joined ours.
从顶楼窗口看去，我们农场与他们农场土地加入我们的的那段河流一览无余。
land joined ours:土地加入我们的
From an attic window we could get a sweeping view of the river where their land joined ours.
从顶楼窗口看去，我们农场与他们农场接壤处的那段河流获得扫除看。
get a sweeping view:获得扫除看
The first sign of disaster was a dead sheep floating down.
灾难的第一迹象是一只死羊浮动倒下。
floating down:浮动倒下
but we were afraid that the strength of the current would prevent its landing anywhere before it became exhausted.
但我们担心，洪水力量将使它上岸之前就疲惫不堪了。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
In the new country he became absorbed in making a new life for the two of us, so that he gradually ceased to grieve.
在这个新的国家里，父亲成为吸收地为我们俩开创一种新的生活，慢慢地不伤心了。
became absorbed:成为吸收
He became mortally ill a few months before we had planned to go.
就在他计划回国的前几个月，他突然成为致命的病。
became mortally ill:成为致命的病
when he knew that he was dying, he made me promise to go on my own.
他知道自己已是死亡，于是他要我答应一定单独回故乡一趟。
was dying:是死亡
Fortunately for me, as I was wondering what to do next, there appeared on the horizon a man on horseback, riding in my direction.
不过，我是幸运的，正当我是思索什么?到做下一个之时，从天边出现一个骑马的人向我骑来。
was wondering what to do next:是思索什么?到做下一个
Her shopping had tired her and her basket ad grown heavier with every step of the way home.
去商店买东西把她搞得有疲倦 ，在回家的路上，她每走一步，就感到手里的篮子又重了一点。
had tired:有疲倦
They went through the rooms, being careful to touch nothing, as they did not want to hinder the police in their search for fingerprints.
他俩搜遍这每一个房间，是小心地不接触任何东西，因为他们怕妨碍警察寻找指纹。
being careful:是小心
She had lived in the flat for thirty years and was a veritable magpie at hoarding.
老妇人在这套公寓里住了30年，她又是个真正的的收藏家。
veritable:真正的
Collecting, by occupying spare time so constructively, makes a person contented, with no time for boredom.
收藏活动通过富有建设性地利用业余时间使人感到满意，不再有无聊之日。
contented:满意
Without it, nothing could ever be brought to a conclusion and everything would be in state of chaos.
离开它将没什么可以永远是带来到结论，事事都会陷入混乱不堪的境地。
nothing could ever be brought to a conclusion:没什么可以永远是带来到结论
To her horror he said that she was two hours too soon.
搬运工说她早到了两个小时，她听后向她恐怖。
To her horror:向她恐怖
so the tools of long ago have remained when even the bones of the men who made them have disappeared without trace.
因此，尽管制造这些工具的人的骨头早已有消失了，但远古时代的石头工具却保存了下来。
have disappeared:有消失了
It is true that during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature, equipped in a manner with would make a modern climber shudder at the thought.
确实，在探险中他们经常遇到困难及危险的困难和危险，而他们装备之简陋足以使现代登山者一想起来就胆战心惊。
difficulties and dangers:困难及危险
It is true that during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature, equipped in a manner with would make a modern climber shudder at the thought.
确实，在探险中他们经常遇到惊心动魄的困难和危险，而他们装备之简陋足以使现代登山者一想起来就颤抖。
shudder:颤抖
Except for one or two places such as Zermatt and Chamonix, which had rapidly become popular, Alpine village tended to be impoverished settlements cut off from civilization by the high mountains.
除了泽曼特和夏蒙尼等一两个很快出了名的地方外，阿尔卑斯山山区的小村几乎全是高山环抱、与世隔绝的贫穷。
impoverished:贫穷
There is only one difference between an old man and a young one: the young man has a glorious future before him and the old one has a splendid future behind him:
老年人和青年人只有一个区别：青年人有美妙的的前景，而老年人的辉煌已成为过去。
splendid:美妙的
They have an air of freedom, and they not a dreary commitment to mean ambitions or love of comfort.
他们有一个空气的自由，他们既不追逐卑鄙的名利，也不贪图生活的舒适。
have an air of freedom:有一个空气的自由
He may be conceited, ill-mannered, presumptuous or fatuous, but I do not turn for protection to dreary cliches about respect of elders -- as if mere age were a reason for respect.
他也许狂妄自负，举止无理，傲慢放肆，傲慢的或愚蠢，但我不会用应当尊重长者这一套陈词滥调来为我自己辨护，似乎年长就是受人尊敬的理由。
resumptuous or fatuous:傲慢的或愚蠢
He may be conceited, ill-mannered, presumptuous or fatuous, but I do not turn for protection to dreary cliches about respect of elders -- as if mere age were a reason for respect.
他也许狂妄自负，举止无理，傲慢放肆，愚昧无知，但我不会用应当尊重长者这一套沉闷俗语来为我自己辨护，似乎年长就是受人尊敬的理由。
dreary cliches:沉闷俗语
behind the spectators, of the nations who work themselves into furies over these absurd contests, and seriously believe -- at any rate for short periods -- that running, jumping and kicking a ball are tests of national virtue.
面对着这些荒唐的比赛，参赛的各个国家会工作他们自己进入愤怒，甚至煞有介事地相信——至少在短期内如此——跑跑、跳跳、踢踢球是对一个民族品德素质的检验。
work themselves into furies:工作他们自己进入愤怒
The force there assembled was trivial compared with the Danish horde.
他集结在那里的军队和丹麦大军相比是微不足道的。
trivial:微不足道
Errors and uncertainties multiply, cascading upward through a chain of turbulent features, from dust devils and squalls up to continent-size eddies that only satellites can see.
错误和不可靠性上升， cscding向上的是一系列湍流的徵状，从小尘暴和暴风发展到只有卫星上可以看到的席卷整块大陆的旋涡。
cascading upward:cscding向上
This caused the construction of gigantic buildings where too large masses of human beings are crowded together.
这样就导致了许多摩天大厦是的建筑的，大厦内众多的人挤地一起。
the construction of:是的建筑的
The modern city consists of monstrous edifices and of dark, narrow streets full of petrol fumes and toxic gases, torn by the noise of the taxicabs, lorries and buses, and thronged ceaselessly by great crowds.
大得吓人的高楼和阴暗狭窄的街道组成了今日现代化的城市，街道上充斥着汽油味和有毒气体，出租汽车、卡车、公共汽车的噪音刺耳难忍，无休止地的人群挤来挤去。
ceaselessly:无休止地
This is not easy, and may require two porpoises working together.
这这是是不轻松，可能需要两只海豚合伙干才行。
This is not easy:这是是不轻松
Men accustomed to struggling for survival against the elements and Indians were bewildered by politicians, bankers and businessmen, and unhorsed by fences, laws and alien taboos.
习惯与大自然和印第安人作斗争以求生存的拓荒者被政客、银行家和商人搞得是不知所措，最后被圈地、尖律我外来的清规戒律所击败。
were bewildered:是不知所措
And, though the gleams blind and dazzle, yet do they convey a hint of beauty and serenity greater than we have known or imagined.
虽然这光芒令人失明及闪耀，但它确实给予我们一种不曾经历和无法想象的美感和静谧的启示。
blind and dazzle:失明及闪耀
That all great has this power of suggesting a world beyond is undeniable.
是不可否认的，一切伟大的艺术都具有使人遐想到进入天外世界的魅力。
is undeniable:是不可否认的
no sunset so beautiful that it does not waken the vision of a greater beauty, a vision which passes before it is fully glimpsed, and in passing leaves and indefinable longing and regret.
美丽的落日总会引起一个更加绚丽的景象未及饱览便通行证之前它是完全闪烁，并在消逝中给人留下不可名状的渴望和惆怅。
passes before it is fully glimpsed:通行证之前它是完全闪烁
no sunset so beautiful that it does not waken the vision of a greater beauty, a vision which passes before it is fully glimpsed, and in passing leaves and indefinable longing and regret.
美丽的落日总会引起一个更加绚丽的景象未及饱览便一闪即逝，并在消逝中给人留下不确定的渴望和惆怅。
indefinable:不确定
If we glimpse the unutterable, it is unwise to try to utter it.
如果我瞥见了只可意会不可说的事物，企图把它说出来，那上不明智的；
unutterable:不可说
if there is any effect of noise upon mental health, it must be so small that present methods of psychiatric diagnosis cannot find it.
如果噪音对精神健康有影响的话，那也一定是那么小，以致现代的精神病诊断方法还发现不了。
so small:那么小
All gun-ports were open and the muzzles peeped wickedly from them.
船上的炮眼开着，炮口被窥探邪恶地向外窥视着。
peeped wickedly:被窥探邪恶
The great advantage of taking medicine is that it makes no demands on the taker beyond that of putting up for a moment with a disgusting taste.
服药的最大优点是：除了暂时忍受一下令人厌恶的味道外，对服药人别无其他要求。
disgusting:令人厌恶
The continents form rugged tablelands which stand nearly three miles above the floor of the open ocean.
大陆是粗糙的高地，高出辽阔的海洋海底近三英里。
rugged:粗糙
There, a child grows up under the ever-present attention of his parent.
那里，孩子永远存在不在父母关怀下成长。
ever-present:永远存在
Before very long the parents will be complaining that the child is so secretive and never tells them anything, but they seldom realize that they have brought this on themselves.
不要很久,家长就会抱怨孩子那么秘密及永远说他们任何事情，什么事也不告诉他们，殊不知这是他们自找的。
so secretive and never tells them anything:那么秘密及永远说他们任何事情
Before very long the parents will be complaining that the child is so secretive and never tells them anything, but they seldom realize that they have brought this on themselves.
不要很久,家长就会抱怨孩子守口如瓶，什么事也不告诉他们，很少了解那这是他们自找的。
seldom realize that:很少了解那
And it should not be forgotten how small those resources are in a poor and backward country.
不应忘记，在一个穷人及逆向的国家里，那部分财力是很有限的。
poor and backward:穷人及逆向
To the extent that the people can be relied upon to behave in a loyal and responsible manner, the government does not require armies of police and civil servants to keep them in order.
如果人民行为在忠实及负责礼貌，举止规矩，能受到政府的信赖，那么政府就不需要大批的警察和文职人员运去促使人民遵纪守法。
behave in a loyal and responsible manner:行为在忠实及负责礼貌
I have known very few writers, but those I have known, and whom I respect, confess at once that they have little idea where they the are going when they first set pen to paper.
我所认识的作家非常很少，然而凡是我所认识和尊敬的作家，都立即承认在他们动笔时，不清楚要写什么，怎么写。
very few:非常很少
For the same reason, writers talk interminably about their own books, winkling out hidden meanings, super-imposing new ones, begging response from those around them.
由于这个原因，作家说话不可避免地地谈论自己的书，挖掘其隐晦的含义，询问周围人的反应。
talk interminably:说话不可避免地
when he flirts with fame, he is taking time off from living with himself, from the search for what his world contains at its inmost point.
当他挑逗与名声时，他就脱离了自我生活，脱离了对自己灵魂最深处世界的探索。
flirts with fame:挑逗与名声
First of all, they may have come to this planet of ours thousands or millions of years ago, and found our then prevailing primitive state completely uninteresting to their own advanced knowledge.
首先，他们可能在几千年前或几百年前已来过我们地球，并且发现我们地球当时占主导地位着的原始状态同他们的先进的知识相比是索然无味的。
prevailing:占主导地位
First of all, they may have come to this planet of ours thousands or millions of years ago, and found our then prevailing primitive state completely uninteresting to their own advanced knowledge.
首先，他们可能在几千年前或几百年前已来过我们地球，并且发现我们地球当时普遍存在着的原始状态同他们的先进的知识相比是完全不感兴趣的。
completely uninteresting:完全不感兴趣
The fact of first-rate importance is the predominant role that custom plays in experience and in belief, and the very great varieties it may manifest.
最重要的是，风俗在实践中和信仰上所起的占主导地位的作用，以及它所表现出来的极其丰富多采的形式。
predominant:占主导地位
From the moment of his birth, the customs into which he is born shape his experience and behaviour.
从他他的出生的时刻起，他所生于其中的风俗就开始塑造他的经历和行为规范。
his birth:他的出生
In the first place, any scientific study requires that there be no preferential weighting of one or another of the items in the series it selects for its consideration.
首先，任何科学研究都要求人们对可供考虑的诸多因素不能不优先加权的一个或另一个，偏向某一方面。
no preferential weighting of one or another:不优先加权的一个或另一个
twenty or thirty pages of ideas and information would be capable of turning the present-day world upside down, or even destroying it.
二三十页材料中的思想和情报会便当今的世界转动是的现时世界上边倒下，甚至毁灭这个世界。
turning the present-day world upside down:转动是的现时世界上边倒下
But this is not a business that can be undertaken in a day or swiftly improvised by a mere command of the will.
但这并非是所作的在一天，也不是单凭一蹴而就的事。
be undertaken in a day:是所作的在一天
But this is not a business that can be undertaken in a day or swiftly improvised by a mere command of the will.
但这并非一日之功，也不是单凭迅速即兴的事。
swiftly improvised:迅速即兴
As for the unfortunate people who can command everything they want, who can gratify every caprice and lay their hands on almost every object of desire.
至于那些能任意支配一切的“可怜的人”，他们能够感激每狂妄，能染指一切追求的目标。
gratify every caprice:感激每狂妄
The man who manoeuvres carelessly into his twenty pounds' worth of space at one of Europe's myriad permanent sites may find himself bumping a Bentley.
如果一位游客粗心地驾车驶入欧洲无数常年营地之一，花20镑租用一个空位，那么他可能会碰见一辆本特利汽车。
carelessly:粗心
It is unwise to make yourself so singular in your clothes.
你将自己的衣着弄得如此那么单一是不明智的。
so singular:那么单一
The little people felt happy and successful, and thought they were now secure.
小矮人们充满了幸福和成功的感觉，觉得从此可以安全了。
secure:安全
The little people's behavior was not very attractive or productive, but it was understandable.
他们的行为并不可取，而且也生产性，但我们总还是能够理解的。
productive:生产性
He had asked himself those same questions too many times and felt the fears again that kept him where he was.
同样的问题，他已经问过自己多少遍了，他又感到了那种使他保留他哪里他是的恐惧感。
kept him where he was:保留他哪里他是
He was taking control, rather than simply letting things happen to him.
他在掌握控制权，而不是租借一些事情发生、束手无策。
letting things happen:租借一些事情发生
Pondering off than those insincere the meaning of life, consider a more value.
细想开来，这比那些不诚实的人生意义，更有思考的价值。
insincere:不诚实
I really find it hard to understand why these Games will make people throughout the night, why television will make it difficult for them to extricate themselves?
我真的很难明白，为什么游戏会令这些人整个是的夜，为什么电视剧会令他们难于自拔？
throughout the night:整个是的夜
Abao's dream, even though looks a distant prospect, but still support him are not to be a mediocre life of the spirit of submerged pillars, a constant give Abao confidence and interest in the livelihood source of power.
阿宝的梦想，尽管看上去遥远前景，但依然是一个支持他不被平庸生活淹没的精神支柱，一个不断给阿宝生活信心和兴趣的动力源泉。
a distant prospect:遥远前景
Abao's dream, even though looks a distant prospect, but still support him are not to be a mediocre life of the spirit of submerged pillars, a constant give Abao confidence and interest in the livelihood source of power.
阿宝的梦想，尽管看上去遥不可及，但依然是一个支持他不被平庸生活淹没的是的精神的沉没柱子，一个不断给阿宝生活信心和兴趣的动力源泉。
the spirit of submerged pillars:是的精神的沉没柱子
Remember that in mind so that you have different dreams, not to put other people's dreams fastened eyes.
记住，心里有梦让你不同，不要把梦拴在别人的眼光中。
different:不同
An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth.
以眼还眼，牙齿为牙齿
a tooth for a tooth:牙齿为牙齿
You can’t make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear.
做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵也。
make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear:做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵
They talked about how the uses and abuses of figures to prove things in politics.
他们谈到人们如何在政治问题上使用及滥用数字来是的使用及滥用的。
the uses and abuses of:是的使用及滥用的
You may not like him, but you have got to admire his persistence.
你可以不喜欢他，但你不得不佩服他那种坚持的精神。
persistence:坚持
At the formal party I felt very awkward and out of place.
在正式的舞会上，我感到感觉非常笨拙，很不自在。
felt very awkward:感觉非常笨拙
Jeremy's just being blooded, so we don't expect him to be very good at the game.
哲瑞米是’s只是是血腥，所以我们并不指望他在这次比赛中表现得很好。
's just being blooded:’s只是是血腥
If you go on burning the candle at both ends, you will be ill.
你如果再这样去上燃烧是的蜡烛在两个结束地干活，你会病倒的。
go on burning the candle at both ends:去上燃烧是的蜡烛在两个结束
Stop giving me circular explanations and tell me what really happened.
别圆形地解释了，告诉我究竟发生了什么。
circular:圆形
I found it hard to keep my concentration with such a noise going on.
吵闹声去上，我很难保持精神集中。
going on:去上
The long drawn-out conflict between the employers and workers led to the strike last week.
劳资之间长拔出的纠纷导致了上周的罢工。
long drawn-out:长拔出
He is a contemporary of mine, but our experiences are completely different.
他和我是同龄人，但我们的经历完全不同。
completely different:完全不同
Never before have they been so inspired and so daring as at present.
从来没有看见他们像现在这样那么受到启发，意气风发。
so inspired:那么受到启发
Never before have they been so inspired and so daring as at present.
从来没有看见他们像现在这样精神振奋，那么勇敢。
so daring:那么勇敢
Trying to keep this garden in order is the despair of my life.
把这个花园管理好是我是的绝望的我的生命的事。
the despair of my life:是的绝望的我的生命
His illness was a blessing in disguise, because he afterwards married his nurse.
他生病倒是祝福在伪装，因为后来他和他的护士结了婚。
a blessing in disguise:祝福在伪装
My judgement was frequently faulty, but my loyalty to the nation could not be questioned.
我的判断经常出错，但是我对祖国的忠诚是可以不是怀疑的。
could not be questioned:可以不是怀疑
There were two or three palm trees flourishing in the promenade garden.
街心花园里有两三棵繁荣的的棕榈树。
flourishing:繁荣的
That silly child never does anything; he just fools about all day long.
那个傻孩子从来不做事，只是整天傻瓜关于。
fools about:傻瓜关于
To be very frank, I think you have very little chance of getting the job.
坦白地说，我认为你获得这项工作的机会很小。
little:很小
The kids glued their eyes to the TV set, watching a cartoon.
孩子们粘贴他们眼睛地盯着电视机看卡通片。
glued their eyes:粘贴他们眼睛
I'm just kicking my heels until the beginning of the new term.
新学期开学前，我一直射击我的跟鞋。
kicking my heels:射击我的跟鞋
He is an agreeable fellow, but likes to blow his own horn.
他是一个随和的人，但就是喜欢吹他的自有角。
blow his own horn:吹他的自有角
The soldiers husband their strength and their food, waiting for the enemy to attack.
士兵们丈夫他们力量，节约粮草，以期反击敌人的进攻。
husband their strength:丈夫他们力量
Later, people use the idiom "bring the dying to life" to praise the excellent skill of a doctor.
后来，人们就用“带来是的死亡到生命”来比喻那些很精通医术的医生。
bring the dying to life:带来是的死亡到生命
As he had nothing to tell, he refused to give any interviews to the journalists.
他由于有没什么到说，拒绝了记者采访。
had nothing to tell:有没什么到说
The police must do all they can to bring criminals to justice.
警方必须做所有他们可以追捕罪犯，将他们绳之以法。
do all they can:做所有他们可以
The police must do all they can to bring criminals to justice.
警方必须竭尽全力追捕罪犯，将他们带来罪犯到公正。
bring criminals to justice:带来罪犯到公正
I think it would be a kindness to tell him the bad news straight away.
我认为直线离开地告诉他这个坏消息倒是友好的行为。
straight away:直线离开
I couldn't understand what the man was saying; he was as drunk as a lord.
我听不懂那个人在说些什么，他醉汉如陛下。
drunk as a lord:醉汉如陛下
New blocks of flats and offices have mushroomed all over the city.
在全市各处如有 mushroomed般出现了许多新公寓和办公楼。
have mushroomed:有 mushroomed
All other anxieties paled into insignificance besides the possibility of war.
和可能打仗相比，所有其他忧虑都变得微不足道了。
insignificance:微不足道
We took pity on the homeless girl and took her into our house.
我们同情这个无家可归的女孩，让她住进了我们的屋子里。
homeless:无家可归
Since she joined the team last season she has made her presence felt.
自从上个赛季加入这个队以来，她就使人感到她是个存在感觉的队员。
presence felt:存在感觉
The house is in a prominent position on the village green.
这间屋子在村子的中心草地上，处于突出的位置。
prominent:突出
His mother has trained him to be a very proper young man.
他的母亲已经把他训练成适当的人。
proper:适当
Even after racking his brains he couldn't think of a single example.
即使抢劫他的大脑，他还是连一个例子也想不出来。
racking his brains:抢劫他的大脑
His mind was reeling with all that he had seen and heard.
他的所有那他有已见及听到使他内心大为震动。
all that he had seen and heard:所有那他有已见及听到
It was a great relief to find that my family was all safe.
看到我的家人是所有安全，我感到极大的欣慰。
was all safe:是所有安全
I wish we could see more new programmes on television, not repeats all the time.
我真希望我们能够看到更多新的电视节目，而不是重复所有是的时间的那几个老节目。
repeats all the time:重复所有是的时间
Anyone swimming in this lake does so at his own risk.
任何人在此湖中冒险游泳，其在他的自有风险。
at his own risk:在他的自有风险
His amusing performance caused a roar of laughter in the audience.
他那有趣的表演引起了观众的尖叫的笑。
a roar of laughter:尖叫的笑
It made me sad to hear you have to go away.
听到你有到去离开，我觉得很伤心。
have to go away:有到去离开
If we were the bosses, we'd consider finding a replacement for this uptight, petty, sanctimonious clerk.
如果我们是老板，就会考虑解雇这种坚固且固执伪善的小职员。
uptight:坚固
It was no just and sapient counsellor, in its last analysis.
在它的最后分析，这良心也不是一个聪明正直的顾问。
in its last analysis:在它的最后分析
He slammed the papers down on my desk and angrily walked out.
他把文件使劲扔在我的桌子上便愤怒地地走了出去。
angrily:愤怒地
If I tell where I'm going, promise you won't split on me?
如果我告诉你我去哪，你愿意保证不会的分裂上我吗？
won't split on me:不会的分裂上我
I told him in no uncertain terms to mind his own business.
我在不不确定条款地叫他别管闲事。
in no uncertain terms:在不不确定条款
Such was the picture, and he thrilled to the memory of it.
当时正是这样的情景，他回想起来还感到很兴奋。
thrilled:很兴奋
We won the contract but only through a lot of tough negotiating.
我们赢得了合同，但是却经过了多次很多的不耐烦的谈判才达到目的。
a lot of tough:很多的不耐烦
His character seems to have undergone a complete transformation since his marriage.
他结婚之后性格完成变换。
a complete transformation:完成变换
Even at full speed the ship's engines cause very little vibration.
这条船即使在完全速度，发动机的震动也很小。
at full speed:在完全速度
The leader's vital and cheerful manner filled his men with courage.
指挥官生命力及愉快礼貌和欢欣愉悦的神态使士兵们勇气倍增。
vital and cheerful manner:生命力及愉快礼貌
A bird is known by its note, and a man by his talk.
A鸟类是已知以它的注意,，听其言知其人。
A bird is known by its note,:A鸟类是已知以它的注意,
A father is a treasure, a brother is a comfort, but a friend is both.
父亲是财富，兄弟是安慰，朋友是两个。
is both:是两个
A good book is a best friend who never turns his back upon us.
一本好书，最好的朋友谁永远轮流他的背面上我们。
a best friend who never turns his back upon us:最好的朋友谁永远轮流他的背面上我们
A good neighbour is better than a bother in the next village.
A好的邻居是更好比烦扰在是的下一个村庄。
A good neighbour is better than a bother in the next village:A好的邻居是更好比烦扰在是的下一个村庄
A good tale is none the worse for being twice told.
好故事是没有是的更糟为是两次被告知。
is none the worse for being twice told:是没有是的更糟为是两次被告知
A journey of a thousand miles begains with a single step.
A旅行的千英里，始于足下。
A journey of a thousand miles:A旅行的千英里
A man knows his companion in a long journey and a little inn.
路遥知马力，A男人知道他的伴在长旅行及很小旅馆。
A man knows his companion in a long journey and a little inn:A男人知道他的伴在长旅行及很小旅馆
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
一个每小时在是的早上是价值两在是的晚上在于晨。
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening:一个每小时在是的早上是价值两在是的晚上
As soon as you have drunk, you turn your back upon the spring.
阿斯不久如你有醉汉,你转动你的背面上是的春天。
As soon as you have drunk, you turn your back upon the spring:阿斯不久如你有醉汉,你转动你的背面上是的春天
As you make your bed so you must lie on it.
阿斯你做你的床那么你必须撒谎上它。
As you make your bed so you must lie on it:阿斯你做你的床那么你必须撒谎上它
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
A千词汇不如一个行动。
A thousand words:A千词汇
A wise man will make tools of what comes to hand.
聪明的人能做工具的什么?到来到手。。
make tools of what comes to hand.:做工具的什么?到来到手。
Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails.
蜜蜂那有蜜蜂在他们口有刺伤在他们尾巴。
Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails:蜜蜂那有蜜蜂在他们口有刺伤在他们尾巴
By the street of "Bye and bye" one arrives at the house of "Never".
迁延因循，再见一个到达在是的房子的”“永远”。
bye" one arrives at the house of "Never":再见一个到达在是的房子的”“永远”
Cast not out the foul water till you bring in the clean.
铸造不出去是的恶意水直到你带来在是的清洁。
Cast not out the foul water till you bring in the clean:铸造不出去是的恶意水直到你带来在是的清洁
Do not to others what you do not wish them to do to you.
做不到其他什么?你做不希望他们到做到你。。
Do not to others what you do not wish them to do to you.:做不到其他什么?你做不希望他们到做到你。
Good for good every man can do, good for bad only a noble man can do.
以德报德，人人都能做到；好为好的每男人可以做只有高尚的人才能办到。
Good for good every man can do:好为好的每男人可以做
He is not a wise man who cannot play the fool on occasion.
不能偶而玩是的傻瓜上偶尔，就不是一个聪明人。
play the fool on occasion:玩是的傻瓜上偶尔
He may well be contented who need neither borrow nor flatter.
一个既不用借债又不用奉承人的人，可以称得上好的是满意。
well be contented:好的是满意
He that has a great nose thinks everybody is speaking of it.
他那有伟大的鼻想每个人都是说话的它。
He that has a great nose thinks everybody is speaking of it:他那有伟大的鼻想每个人都是说话的它
He that lies down with dogs must rise up with fleas.
他那谎言倒下与狗必须升高高与弗莱斯。
He that lies down with dogs must rise up with fleas:他那谎言倒下与狗必须升高高与弗莱斯
He who has a mind to beat his dog will easily find his stick.
他谁有思绪到打他的狗意志很容易找到他的棍棒。
He who has a mind to beat his dog will easily find his stick:他谁有思绪到打他的狗意志很容易找到他的棍棒
He who makes himself a dove is eaten by the hawk.
他谁使自己鸽子是吃以是的鹰。
He who makes himself a dove is eaten by the hawk:他谁使自己鸽子是吃以是的鹰
Idleness is the root (or mother) of all evil (or sin or vice).
懒惰是是的根(或母亲)的所有邪恶(或罪恶或恶意)。
the root (or mother) of all evil (or sin or vice):是的根(或母亲)的所有邪恶(或罪恶或恶意)
If each would sweep before his own door, we should have a clean city.
如果每个会扫除之前他的自有门,我们应该有清洁城市。
If each would sweep before his own door, we should have a clean city:如果每个会扫除之前他的自有门,我们应该有清洁城市
If one desires to succeed in anything, he must pay the price.
如果想做成点事，就得支付是的价格一干。
pay the price:支付是的价格
If there were no clouds, we should not enjoy the sun.
如果在那儿是不云,我们应该不享受是的太阳。
If there were no clouds, we should not enjoy the sun:如果在那儿是不云,我们应该不享受是的太阳
If you agree to carry the calf, they'll make you carry the cow.
如果你同意到承载是的公牛,他们会做你承载是的牛。
If you agree to carry the calf, they'll make you carry the cow:如果你同意到承载是的公牛,他们会做你承载是的牛
It is as well to know which way the wind blows.
它是如好的到知道那些路面是的风吹。
It is as well to know which way the wind blows:它是如好的到知道那些路面是的风吹
It's no sin to sell dear, but a sin to give ill measure.
高价卖不为过，给予病测量才有罪。
give ill measure:给予病测量
Keep thing seven years and you will find a use for it.
保持事情七岁月及你意志找到使用为它。
Keep thing seven years and you will find a use for it:保持事情七岁月及你意志找到使用为它
Keep good men company, and you shall be of the number.
保持好的男士公司,及你应是的是的数目。
Keep good men company, and you shall be of the number:保持好的男士公司,及你应是的是的数目
Love is a sweet tyranny, because the lover endures his torment willingly.
爱情是甜蜜的虐政，情人自愿地受它的折磨。
willingly:自愿
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
做所有你可以，尽力节约，尽力施舍。
Make all you can:做所有你可以
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.
不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不金冠。
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown:不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不金冠
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.
不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不皇冠。。
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.:不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不皇冠。
Nothing is impossible (or difficult) to the man who will try.
没什么是不可能(或困难)到是的男人谁意志试着。。
Nothing is impossible (or difficult) to the man who will try.:没什么是不可能(或困难)到是的男人谁意志试着。
Of young men die many, of old men escape not any.
年轻人死得不少，而年迈者是逃脱不任何。
escape not any:逃脱不任何
One cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
一个不能做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵。
One cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear:一个不能做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵
One man makes a chair and another man sits in it.
一个男人使椅子及另一个男人坐着在它。
One man makes a chair and another man sits in it:一个男人使椅子及另一个男人坐着在它
One man may steal a horse while another may not look over a hedge.
一个男人可以偷窃马同时另一个可以不看以上篱笆。
One man may steal a horse while another may not look over a hedge:一个男人可以偷窃马同时另一个可以不看以上篱笆
Reading makes a full amn, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man.
博览群书使人使完全阿姆，冥思苦想让人深刻精邃，论证阐述让人头脑清晰。
makes a full amn:使完全阿姆
Reading makes a full amn, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man.
博览群书使人完美无瑕，冥想让人深刻精邃，论证阐述让人头脑清晰。
meditation:冥想
Save a thief from gallows and he will help hang you.
保存盗贼从麻雀及他意志帮助悬挂你。
Save a thief from gallows and he will help hang you:保存盗贼从麻雀及他意志帮助悬挂你
Say not all that you know, believe not all that you hear.
说不所有那你知道,相信不所有那你听。
Say not all that you know, believe not all that you hear:说不所有那你知道,相信不所有那你听
Speak clearly if you speak at all, Carve every word before you let it fall.
要说就索性说得一清二楚，说出前每句话要说话很明显如果你说话在所有。
Speak clearly if you speak at all:说话很明显如果你说话在所有
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
做事要到故意，但时机一到，就要动手，不要犹豫。
to deliberate:到故意
That is a good book which is opened with expectation and closed with profit.
好书开卷与期望，闭卷使人得益。
with expectation:与期望
That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful.
美丽而引人注目的东西不一定都善良，但善良的东西总是美丽的。
striking:引人注目
The best horse needs breaking, and the aptest child needs teaching.
。最好的马需要破坏,及是的最优的孩子需要教学。
The best horse needs breaking, and the aptest child needs teaching:。最好的马需要破坏,及是的最优的孩子需要教学
The cow knows not what her tail is worth until she has lost it.
。牛知道不什么?她尾巴是价值直到她有失去它。
The cow knows not what her tail is worth until she has lost it:。牛知道不什么?她尾巴是价值直到她有失去它
The day is long to him who knows not how to use it.
。一天是长到他谁知道不如何到使用它。
The day is long to him who knows not how to use it:。一天是长到他谁知道不如何到使用它
The devil may get in by the keyhole, but the door won't let him out.
魔鬼获得在以是的钥匙孔，开门撵它不出。
get in by the keyhole:获得在以是的钥匙孔
The drop hollows the stone, not by force, but by the frequency of its fall.
。降落空洞是的石头不是由于使用强力所致，而是由于滴水频繁所成。
The drop hollows the stone:。降落空洞是的石头
The fool does think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
愚者自以为聪明，智者则有知道自己到是傻瓜。
knows himself to be a fool:知道自己到是傻瓜
The fox knew too much, that's how he lost his tail.
知道也很多，反误了卿卿性命。
knew too much:知道也很多
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
不犯错误的人往往也就是是的不通常做任何事情。的人。
does not usually make anything.:是的不通常做任何事情。
The more things a man is ashamed of the more respectable he is.
一个人是羞愧的事情越多，就越可尊敬。
is ashamed:是羞愧
The most useful learning in the world is that which teches us how to die well.
世界上最有用的学问是告诉我们怎样到死亡好的。
to die well:到死亡好的
There are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it.
海里的好鱼是永远来了出去的它的。
ever came out of it:永远来了出去的它
There are no birds of this year in last year's nests.
在那儿是不鸟类的这个年份在最后年份巢穴。
There are no birds of this year in last year's nests:在那儿是不鸟类的这个年份在最后年份巢穴
The water that bears the boat is the same that swallows it up.
。水那熊是的船是是的同样的那吞食它高。
The water that bears the boat is the same that swallows it up:。水那熊是的船是是的同样的那吞食它高
They who cannot do as they would, must do as they can.
不能做如他们会者，也当尽力而为之。
do as they would:做如他们会
They who cannot do as they would, must do as they can.
不能为所欲为者，也当做如他们可以之。
do as they can:做如他们可以
Things of a kind come together; people of a kind fall into the same group.
事情的那种来吧一起;人的那种秋天进入是的同样的团体。。
Things of a kind come together; people of a kind fall into the same group.:事情的那种来吧一起;人的那种秋天进入是的同样的团体。
Though you cast out nature with a fork, it will still return.
尽管你铸造出去自然与叉子,它意志仍旧返回。
Though you cast out nature with a fork, it will still return:尽管你铸造出去自然与叉子,它意志仍旧返回
To hear a hundred times is not so good as to see once.
向听一百时间是不那么好的如到看一次。
To hear a hundred times is not so good as to see once:向听一百时间是不那么好的如到看一次
To live in the hearts of those left behind is not to die.
活在后人心，虽左后面是不到死亡。
left behind is not to die:左后面是不到死亡
Two dogs strive for a bone, and a third runs away with it.
两狗努力为骨头,及第三跑离开与它。
Two dogs strive for a bone, and a third runs away with it:两狗努力为骨头,及第三跑离开与它
Wash a dog, comb a dog, Still a dog, remains a dog.
洗狗,梳子狗,仍旧狗,留下的狗。
Wash a dog, comb a dog, Still a dog, remains a dog:洗狗,梳子狗,仍旧狗,留下的狗
We must repeat a thousand and one times that perseverance is the only road to success.
我们必须千百次地反覆说明，坚持不懈是取得胜利的唯一道路。
perseverance:坚持不懈
We only live once,, but if we work it right once is enough.
我们生命只一次，工作它右一次一次足矣。
work it right once:工作它右一次
We only live once,, but if we work it right once is enough.
我们生命只一次，好自为之一次是够了。
is enough:是够了
What is there sadder under the sun than a day that is gone and notyhing done.
世界上没有什么事情，较之虚度年华，不耐烦已完成，更使人痛心。
notyhing done:不耐烦已完成
What the eye does not see, the heart does not grieve over.
什么?是的眼睛是的不看,是的心是的不悲伤以上。
What the eye does not see, the heart does not grieve over:什么?是的眼睛是的不看,是的心是的不悲伤以上
What you lose on the swings you gain (or get back) on the roundabouts.
什么?你失去上是的摇摆你获利(或获得背面)上是的环形车站。
What you lose on the swings you gain (or get back) on the roundabouts:什么?你失去上是的摇摆你获利(或获得背面)上是的环形车站
When stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
蠢人做件羞愧事，总说它是他的义务。
it is his duty:它是他的义务
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions.
什么时候悲伤来吧,他们来吧不单身间谍,但在兵团。
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions:什么时候悲伤来吧,他们来吧不单身间谍,但在兵团
With time and patience the leaf of the mulberry becomes satin.
与时间及耐心是的叶子的是的桑成为沙丁。
With time and patience the leaf of the mulberry becomes satin:与时间及耐心是的叶子的是的桑成为沙丁
In many countries you have to haggle before you buy anything.
在许多国家里买东西之前都得闪烁。
haggle:闪烁
Rather throw the helve after the hatchet, and leave your ruins to be repaired by your prince.
与其投掷是的螺旋之后是的帽子，不如让你的君主来修复你的废墟吧。
throw the helve after the hatchet:投掷是的螺旋之后是的帽子
There are piles of papers all over the desk with no semblance of order.
桌子上堆满了一堆堆与不类似的命令的文件。
with no semblance of order:与不类似的命令
His servile expression of praise for his employer was disgusting to me.
他奉承雇主的那副服务员的嘴脸令我恶心。
servile:服务员
The scientist has spent six months in the solitudes of the Antarctic.
这位科学家已经在在是的孤独的南极待了六个月了。
in the solitudes:在是的孤独
When I get frustrated and angry, I have to vent my spleen on someone.
我受尽挫折，生气时，禁不住想找谁发一顿脾气。
angry:生气
It was a marvelous night with a tempest to rouse the gods.
真是个美妙的夜晚，暴风雨惊人。
marvelous:惊人
The signing of this agreement will help to reduce international tension.
这项协议的签订将有助于缓和国际紧张。
tension:紧张
I'm not blowing my own trumpet, but I did all the top jobs.
我并不是吹我的自有 trumpet，但所有的重要工作都是我干的。
blowing my own trumpet:吹我的自有 trumpet
Because he was an incorrigible criminal,he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
他是一个不可修饰的罪犯,因此被判终生监禁。
incorrigible:不可修饰
The sinister atmosphere of the place left an indelible imprint on my memory.
此处不祥的氛围在我的记忆中刻下了不可消灭印记的印记。
indelible imprint:不可消灭印记
The belief that one should work hard is ingrained in our culture.
人人都应该努力工作这个信念在我们的文化中内在的。
ingrained:内在的
the church was almost in ruins but its tower remained intact.
教堂几乎成为废墟，但塔楼却留下的无损。
remained intact:留下的无损
The prelude was as iridescent as a prism in a morning room.
这个序曲就象清晨房间里的一块三棱镜一样闪烁。
ridescent:闪烁
they lambasted the report as a gross distortion of the truth.
他们激烈批评该报告是严重毛额扭曲。
a gross distortion:毛额扭曲
plants may appear to be languishing simply because they are dormant.
植物可能只是因休眠而显得苦难。
languishing:苦难
the more lurid details of the massacre were too frightening for the children.
有关大屠杀更可怕的细节太可怕了，不适合让孩子们听。
frightening:可怕
learned French by osmosis while residing in Paris for 15 years
居住在巴黎的十五年中已经以渗透地学习了法语
by osmosis:以渗透
This is just the sort of news that makes oil traders jumpy.
这正是这类使油商人跳跃的新闻。
jumpy:跳跃
The refugees are still jumpy, although they are now in safety.
难民们虽然已经到了安全地带，但还是跳跃的
jumpy:跳跃
He has been leering at a girl at the next table.
他一直在射击地斜眼看桌边的女孩。
leering:射击
It is narrow after the bed narrow almirah, the bookshelf of loom.
床后是窄窄的衣橱，的织机的书架。
of loom:的织机
Last night I met a wild and lurid, gruesome and grisly bandit.
昨晚我遇到了一个野蛮而可怕，可憎而令人悲惨的强盗。
grisly:悲惨
The cake maker shakes a naked snake with the quaking rake without sake.
蛋糕制造者没有酒地用抖动的耙子摇一条赤裸的蛇。
without sake:没有酒
The contribution distributor thinks the microcomputer pollution is absolutely beyond dispute.
捐款分配者认为微机污染是绝对绝对超越争论的。
absolutely beyond dispute:绝对超越争论
The exhausted man and the trustful guy thrust a knife into the rusty crust.
精疲力竭的男子和可靠的家伙将一把刀子刺向生锈的外壳。
trustful:可靠
In the hot hotel the devoted voter did not notice the noticeable notebook.
在炎热的旅馆里,热心的投票者没有注意到值得注意的的笔记本。
noticeable:值得注意的
The absent-minded student consents to the sentence in the presence of me.
心不在焉的学生在我面前同意这份判决。
absent-minded:心不在焉
It's a fable that the cable enables the disabled man to be able to walk.
电缆使得残疾人能够行走是传说。
fable:传说
The pious man is dubious about the vicious civilian's vivid description of his vicinity to his wife.
虔诚的男子对邪恶的平民生动的描述他与其妻子的密切（关系）是怀疑。
is dubious:是怀疑
The accessory successor never made concessions to difficulties, so he succeeded in accessing successive successes.
附属继承人从未向困难妥协，因此在走向连续的成功在上成功了。
succeeded in:成功在
The poet's toes get out of his shoes. Here heroes are zeros.
诗人的脚趾露出了鞋子。在这里英雄是零。
are zeros:是零
It's incredible that the editor's editorial in this edition is edible.
本版中的编辑社论可以食用让人是的不可思议。
It's incredible:是的不可思议
In the discussion I discovered that the lost cover was recovered.
在讨论中我发现盖子是的失去遮盖是恢复。
the lost cover was recovered:是的失去遮盖是恢复
To the ants, the infant elephant is a giant in the plantation.
对蚂蚁们来说,幼小的大象是种植园里的巨人,.
a giant、:巨人,
On the porter's passport a portion of the portrait isn't proportional.
在搬运工的护照上,部分肖像不是比例。
isn't proportional:不是比例
The incapable man in cap went into the hospitable capital hospital.
戴帽的无能男子走进客气的首都医院。
hospitable:客气
The upset supplement supplier went up with the puppet to the upper room for supper.
沮丧的增刊供给者与傀儡一起到上面的房间吃晚餐。
upset:沮丧
Life on a farm is a far cry from what I've been used to.
农场生活与我已过惯的日子很远哭泣。
a far cry:很远哭泣
The product was so successful that its name became a household word.
这一产品非常成功，其名称已经成为家庭词语。
became a household word:成为家庭词语
I'm buried under a mountain of work so I can't go out.
我的工作山的工作，因此不能外出。
a mountain of work:山的工作
The description'produce of more than one country' can cover a multitude of sins.
｀多国产物＇之说尽可遮盖大量的罪了。
cover a multitude of sins:遮盖大量的罪
Don't equivocate with me I want a straight answer to a straight question!
别跟我绕弯子--我问的问题直线，回答也要直线！
straight:直线
When the child saw all the room filled with strangers, he was much abashed.
那小孩一看到满屋子都是陌生人，感到非常是很多淡淡。
was much abashed:是很多淡淡
His manners are beyond reproach -- I've never met anyone so polite.
他的举止非常得体，我从未见过像他那么那么礼貌的人。
so polite:那么礼貌
His story of being kidnapped by little green men was sheer absurdity.
他说他遭到矮小的绿种人绑架，这纯粹是荒谬。
absurdity:荒谬
One slip on this mountain and you will fall into the abyss.
在这座山上一失足便会跌入是的深渊。
the abyss:是的深渊
When he was accused of stealing, he raved wildly against me.
当他被控犯偷窃罪时，他气呼呼地把我不耐烦野蛮地。
raved wildly:不耐烦野蛮地
We are sending you some money in acknowledgement of your valuable help.
我们送些酬劳，对您的贵重帮助聊表谢意。
valuable help:贵重帮助
A man may talk like a wise man and act like a fool.
说得说话如聪明男人，干得颠三倒四。
talk like a wise man:说话如聪明男人
A man may talk like a wise man and act like a fool.
说得天花乱坠，干得行动如傻瓜。
act like a fool:行动如傻瓜
Acting on inside information, the police were able to arrest the gang before the robbery occurred.
警方根据匪徒内部情报，在劫案发生前把他们逮捕。
arrest:逮捕
Mental acceptance of and conviction in the truth, actuality, or validity of something.
信念对真理、事实或某物的正确性在思想上接受或定罪
conviction:定罪
She was so angry that she actually tore up the letter.
她那么生气竟然将信撕碎了。
so angry:那么生气
She quailed at the prospect of addressing such a large crowd.
她想到要在如大人群之中讲话心里就发毛。
such a large crowd:如大人群
The typist received an admonition from the supervisor for being careless.
那个打字员因是粗心受到管理人的训诫。
being careless:是粗心
He kept the adrenalin flowing with off-and-on feuds with his critics.
他断断续续地同评论家们离职战争，使得肝火旺盛。
off-and-on feuds:离职战争
A good friend will not desert one in time of adversity.
好朋友不会在人遭到厄运时沙漠。
desert:沙漠
The robbers stood aghast at the sudden appearance of the policemen.
警察人员的突然出现，使那几个盗贼惊恐。
aghast:惊恐
He became quite agitated when he was asked about his criminal past.
当问到他过去的犯罪历史时，他变得十分非常激动。
quite agitated:非常激动
The increasingly dull nature of many industrial jobs has led to the alienation of many workers.
许多工业工作越来越单调刻板，导致很多工人是的疏远的的倾向。
the alienation of:是的疏远的
The two runners contested the race closely it was nip and tuck all the way.
那两个赛跑选手竞争激烈－－在赛程中一直奈普及拖拉所有是的路面。
nip and tuck all the way:奈普及拖拉所有是的路面
Bangkok is surrounded by a vast, damp, alluvial plain, crisscrossed by a network of klong.
曼谷为一个广阔潮湿的冲积平原所环绕，有横断的运河网。
crisscrossed:横断
He made amends for his rude remarks by giving her some flowers.
他赠她一些鲜花，以此对自己粗鲁评论表示歉意。
rude remarks:粗鲁评论
The oars were silver, / Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke, and made the / Water which they beat to follow faster / As amorous of their strokes.
……银色的船桨，随着笛声拍节在水中摇划，击起了层层水波，痴情地跟进更快。
follow faster:跟进更快
The patient's condition was critical and she needed an operation but there was no guarantee that she would survive the anaesthetic; the surgeon was on the horns of a dilemma.
病人条件是关键性，因而需要手术，但又无法保证她是否能经受得住麻醉剂，外科医生处于进退两难的境地。
condition was critical:条件是关键性
The patient's condition was critical and she needed an operation but there was no guarantee that she would survive the anaesthetic; the surgeon was on the horns of a dilemma.
病人情况危急，因而需要手术，但又无法保证她是否能经受得住麻醉剂，外科医生处于是上是的角的困境的境地。
was on the horns of a dilemma:是上是的角的困境
IBM dropped yet another bombshell on Wall Street yesterday, warning analysts to expect at least an80% slide in second-quarter earnings.
国际商业机器有限公司昨天又在华尔街宣布了一项炸弹弹的消息，警告分析家说他们可以预期第二季度盈利至少下降百分之八十。
bombshell:炸弹弹
An anarchic state of affairs in the office; an anarchic mobile sculpture.
办公室事物一个无政府状态的事务的情形；可随便移动的雕塑。
An anarchic state of affairs:一个无政府状态的事务
Her pledge to remain faithful to him was his anchor when he was in prison.
她对他留下忠实的保证是他服刑期间的精神支柱。
remain faithful:留下忠实
Her pledge to remain faithful to him was his anchor when he was in prison.
她对他忠贞不渝的保证是他服刑期间的锚。
anchor:锚
The boy talked in an animated way about his trip to the jungle.
那男孩在一个活化路面地谈着他的热带丛林之行。
in an animated way:在一个活化路面
He is in an anomalous position as the only part-time worker in the firm.
他在一个异常位置，是公司里唯一的兼职人员。
in an anomalous position:在一个异常位置
The holiday itself was rather an anticlimax after all the excitement of planning it.
尽管计划度假时所有是的兴奋，而到头来假日本身却颇为扫兴。
all the excitement:所有是的兴奋
Antonio, a merchant in Venice, was liked by everyone because he was always ready to help others.
威尼斯商人安东尼奥是大家所喜欢的人，因为他总是准备好到帮助其他。
ready to help others:准备好到帮助其他
The week of the flood was an anxious time for all of us.
闹水灾的那一星期是使我们大家都是一个焦急的日子。
was an anxious:是一个焦急
Don't keep us in suspense any longer -- what happens at the end of the story?
别再让我们保持我们在悬挂了，结局究竟怎麽样？
keep us in suspense:保持我们在悬挂
We can't take on any more work we're fully stretched at the moment.
我们不能再接受更多的工作了--目前已经完全伸展了。
fully stretched:完全伸展
A time, Hera, Poseidon, Apollo, and all the other Olympians, except Hestia, surrounded him suddenly as he lay asleep on his couch and bound him with rawhide thongs, knotted into a hundred knots, so that he could not move.
有一次，赫拉、波塞冬、阿波罗和除了赫斯提外所有的奥林波斯神祗乘宙斯躺在床上熟睡之际四周他突然，用生牛皮绳把他捆绑起来并打上一百个绳结，使他动弹不得。
surrounded him suddenly:四周他突然
We were appalled at the prospect of having to miss our holiday.
我们为失去这一假日而感到是惊恐.
were appalled:是惊恐
The apparent cause of his illness was excessive drinking, but the real cause was his deep grief at his wife's death.
他生病的表面原因是饮酒过度，但实际原因是深悲伤在他的妻子的死亡。
deep grief at his wife's death:深悲伤在他的妻子的死亡
You know you've arrived when you're asked to appear on TV.
邀请你在电视上亮相的时候，你就知道你已经你知道了.
You know:你知道
He went into the kitchen in search of food and wolfed down an apple pie.
他走进厨房去找吃的，狼笼草倒下一般吃了个苹果馅饼。
wolfed down:狼笼草倒下
In whatever he does, he is apt to go heels over head.
他不管干什么都易于去跟鞋以上头。
go heels over head:去跟鞋以上头
This is the most impressive architecture I've seen on this trip.
这是我此次旅行见到的最令人印象深刻的建筑。
impressive:令人印象深刻
People with very important jobs sometimes have to work around the clock.
有要职在身的人有时要四周是的钟地工作。
around the clock:四周是的钟
Old George used to arrive home drunk every Saturday night and knock hell out of his wife.
乔治老头每星期六晚上总是喝得醉醺醺地回家，并把老婆敲击地狱出去。
knock hell out:敲击地狱出去
John is so arrogant that he thinks he is better than everyone else.
约翰太那么傲慢，以为比谁都强。
so arrogant:那么傲慢
He's very artful and usually succeeds in getting what he wants.
他很狡诈，往往能成功在获得什么?他希望。
succeeds in getting what he wants:成功在获得什么?他希望
An involuntary trembling or quivering, as from nervous agitation or weakness.
战栗不自愿地颤动或抖动，如由于神经或虚弱等原因
involuntary:不自愿
Be that as it may, I'll leave it as it is.
无论如何我们也只能离开它如它是。
leave it as it is:离开它如它是
Though he is still a young man his political career is already in the ascendant.
他虽然年纪轻轻，可是他在政坛上已在是的提升者了.
in the ascendant:在是的提升者
He was so ashamed of his fault that he committed suicide.
他对自己的过错深以为耻，所以承诺自杀。
committed suicide:承诺自杀
The production is greatly increased due to a new assembly line installed.
由于安装了新装配线，生产量非常增加。
greatly increased:非常增加
It was an astounding day for television viewers, right up there with Watergate.
对电视观众那是令人惊人的的一天，可与水门事件媲美。
astounding:惊人的
A dry-as-dust-a matter-of-fact man who talk astronomy on a moonlit night.
令人烦厌的学究——好比在上月光夜之际大谈天文的枯燥鬼。
on a moonlit night:上月光夜
Mr Hood said that he would have to go on, as he was due at a meeting at eleven o'clock.
胡德先生说由于他11 点钟要出席一个会议，得有到去上了。
have to go on:有到去上
He's inclined to telephone at all hours of the day or night.
他不分所有几小时的是的一天或夜，想打电话就打。
all hours of the day or night:所有几小时的是的一天或夜
The new road system permits the free flow of traffic at all times.
新的道路系统可使车辆在任何时候都许可证是的免费流。
permits the free flow:许可证是的免费流
I must warn you that my patience is almost at an end.
我必须警告你，我已耐心是几乎在一个结束了。
patience is almost at an end:耐心是几乎在一个结束
He forgot to buy more coffee yesterday, so he was persona non grata at breakfast this morning!
他因昨日忘了多买些咖啡，今晨早餐上遂成为家中人物不格拉塔！
persona non grata:人物不格拉塔
The couple fell in love with each other at first glance.
他俩掉落在爱与每个其他在首先看一眼。
fell in love with each other at first glance:掉落在爱与每个其他在首先看一眼
They fell in love as soon as they met: it was love at first sight.
他们一见面就坠入情网，真是爱在首先视力。
love at first sight:爱在首先视力
The drawing is on all fours with the scene at that moment.
那幅画和当时的景象是上所有四分之一。
is on all fours:是上所有四分之一
His parents balked at the cost of the guitar he wanted.
他想要那个吉他，但他父母看到吉他的价格却束缚.
balked:束缚
The hare shot from its burrow and the hound made after it at top speed.
野兔从洞里闪出来，猎狗飞快地之后它在顶部速度。
after it at top speed:之后它在顶部速度
He had the audacity to ask for an increase in salary.
他竟然有是的大胆要求增加薪水。
had the audacity:有是的大胆
Don't let that firm handle your auditing; they made a complete balls-up of ours.
不要让那家公司来处理你的帐目，他们把我们的帐弄得所作的完成跳球。
made a complete balls-up:所作的完成跳球
She always seems to have an aura of happiness about her.
她好像总是有一个幽灵的幸福的.
have an aura of happiness:有一个幽灵的幸福
The Australian joint venture has be hold up by government red tape.
澳大利亚的合资企业由于政府的红色胶带而被耽搁。
red tape:红色胶带
An avid stamp collector, John rides the subject pretty hard whenever it is introduced.
约翰是个热心的邮票收藏家，只要有人提起集邮，他就会乘车是的主题很漂亮很困难。
rides the subject pretty hard:乘车是的主题很漂亮很困难
He was obviously very nervous and for some minutes stood awkwardly before the microphone.
显然他神经十分紧张，他在麦克风前很尴尬地站了好几分钟。
awkwardly:很尴尬
The guard walked back and forth in front of the gate.
警卫在大门前行走背面及例如:。
walked back and forth:行走背面及例如:
Live within our means? - we may be poor, Harry, but we are not that badly off.
什么，应该生活内部我们的表示？——我们虽然穷，哈里，可我们还没穷到那么糟糕呢。
Live within our means:生活内部我们的表示
For now because of any legal rights were Baker and Morgan beyond the arm of the law.
贝克和摩根超越是的手臂的是的法律，并不是由于有什么和法的权利。
beyond the arm of the law:超越是的手臂的是的法律
The motor cyclist has gone like a bat out of hell toward Baker street.
那骑摩托车的人已已故如蝙蝠地向贝克街驶去了。
gone like a bat:已故如蝙蝠
New buildings sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.
新的建筑物如跳动高如竹射击之后春天雨般大批出现。
sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain:跳动高如竹射击之后春天雨
A trite or banal remark or statement, especially one expressed as if it were original or significant.
或古老注释或声明陈腐的或平庸的评论或陈述，尤指某人表述它时好象它是新颖的或有意义的
a trite or banal remark or statement:或古老注释或声明
Bangladesh has an army, but it is a twopenny halfpenny affair kept deliberately weak, with the security forces split into three separate groups.
孟加拉国拥有一支军队，但是由于安全部队分裂成三个独立的派别，这支军队故意弱，并且有意使之弱小。
deliberately weak:故意弱
If you think that, you're barking up the wrong tree altogether.
你要是那样想，你就叫喊高是的错误树木总的来说了。
barking up the wrong tree altogether:叫喊高是的错误树木总的来说
Granted, a snobbery of camping itself, based upon equipment and techniques, already exists; but it is of a kind that.
即使由于装备和技术的关系，露营本身已经成为一个傲慢的问题。
a snobbery:傲慢
He was apt to blurt out the whole truth, in cases where other people would have kept silence.
他常常阿普特到吹嘘出去地说出全部真情，而其他人在这种情况下则往往会保持沉默。
apt to blurt out:阿普特到吹嘘出去
It is better to be at peace with your rivals at the party.
在聚会上，你最好同你的对手在和平。
at peace:在和平
Be away from duties without the permission of a superior officer.
军人在未获上级军官允许的情况下是离开从义务。
Be away from duties:是离开从义务
The teacher talked down to the freshmen, and they were bored.
老师对大学一年级学生讲得太无聊了，他们都感到厌烦。
bored:无聊
If you take over Dora's job, you are sure to be caught in the middle.
如果接替多拉的工作，你一定会被搞得是被捕在是的中间。
be caught in the middle:是被捕在是的中间
You must be certain of your facts before you start flinging accusations (around) (at people).
必须对实情是确定的才能理直气壮地（到处）指责（别人）。
be certain:是确定的
He seems to be quite content with his life at present.
他似乎对目前的生活是非常内容。
be quite content:是非常内容
America's invasion of the country must be done for unspeakable political purpose.
美国入侵这个国家一定是出于不可言语的政治目的。
unspeakable:不可言语
He was eager to get out of the (common) ruck and distinguish himself in some way.
他渴望获得出去的是的(常见)拉克，在某方面与众不同.
get out of the (common) ruck:获得出去的是的(常见)拉克
He was eager to get out of the (common) ruck and distinguish himself in some way.
他渴望出人头地，在某方面区分自己.
distinguish himself:区分自己
He acted this part as though he had been fainting with desire.
他演这一角色演得好像欲望令他变成昏迷一般。
fainting:昏迷
Under the influence of the drug my mind was filled with surreal images.
我受了麻醉药的刺激，头脑里充满了超现实的幻觉.
surreal:超现实
The subject may be full of interest to you, but it holds no interest for me.
这个问题即使你完全的利息，我也是兴味索然。
full of interest:完全的利息
The subject may be full of interest to you, but it holds no interest for me.
这个问题即使你兴味盎然，我也是不利息。
no interest:不利息
The mother took so much care of her son, that she has make him be good for nothing.
由于这位母亲为儿子照顾得接受那么很多照顾，把他弄得没什么出息了。
took so much care:接受那么很多照顾
Customers will be impressed by the expertise of our highly trained employees.
我们的雇员专业性强、高度训练，保证顾客满意。
highly trained:高度训练
How can you be indifferent to the sufferings of starving people?
你怎能对饥民的疾苦冷漠呢？
indifferent:冷漠
But the fell on his feet and found a better job very soon.
不过他掉落上他的英尺，很快便找到了更理想的工作。
fell on his feet:掉落上他的英尺
She was given an unpleasant insight into what life would be like as his wife.
她给予的一个不愉快洞察嫁给他就要过那种日子，心里十分难过。
given an unpleasant insight:给予的一个不愉快洞察
It's a dishonest scheme and I'm glad to be out of it.
那是个骗局，我幸而是出去的它。
be out of it:是出去的它
The tanner is said to be reluctant to quote firm price because of a rising and uncertain raw material market.
据说由于原材料市场上升且不确定，制革商们不愿报出实盘。
uncertain:不确定
On hearing the soft footsteps outside her room, she was seized with panic.
一听到门外有轻轻的脚步声，她恐慌。
panic:恐慌
He had to be sold out and was unable to make a fresh beginning.
他不得不出售出去，无法重新开始了。
sold out:出售出去
Arriving on foot, he could be sure of taking his men unawares.
步行到达，他确信会使手下的人惊奇。
surprised:惊奇
Book early if you want to be sure of a seat.
要想肯定有个座位，那就早订座。
sure:肯定
Compared with the perils which our forefathers conquered, because they believed and were not afraid, we have so much to be thankful for Nature surrounds us with her bounty and human, efforts have multiplied it.
我们的先辈曾以信念和无畏一次次比较与是的危险，比起他们经历过的险阻，我们仍大可感到欣慰。大自然仍在给予我们恩惠，人类的努力已使之倍增。
Compared with the perils:比较与是的危险
For months, Mr. Bush's strategy has forced his own hand more than Saddam Hussein's.
几个月来，布什的战略迫使自己冒进，而萨达姆却强迫他的自有手。
forced his own hand:强迫他的自有手
Why should you beat about the bush when asking for better wages?
你要求加薪又何必打关于是的灌木丛呢？
beat about the bush:打关于是的灌木丛
When he became interested in model airplanes he went the whole hog.
他对模型飞机感兴趣之后就去是的全牛仔了。
go the whole hog:去是的全牛仔
If everything goes according to plan, I shall be back before dark.
假若一切去按照到计划，我天黑之前就回来。
everything goes according to plan:一切去按照到计划
She'd begun spending a lot of money, and the obvious inference was that she'd stolen it.
她花起钱来开支很多的钱了，事情很明显，钱是偷来的。
spending a lot of money:开支很多的钱
She was beside herself with joy when she heard the news.
她听到消息与喜悦。
with joy:与喜悦
The song was a hit at once and its recording tape rose to No .1 on the bestseller list.
这首歌曲立刻击中在一次，它的录音带跃登畅销带榜首。
a hit at once:击中在一次
It's difficult talking to him these days; he seems full of bile since his wife left him.
最后同他说话很难，自从他妻众离他而去之后，他似乎总是完全的胆汁。
full of bile:完全的胆汁
I'm not surprised those two are such friends; they're birds of a feather.
那两个人交情这么好我不惊讶，他们是鸟类的羽毛嘛。
birds of a feather:鸟类的羽毛
He blew out all the candles on his birthday cake at one go.
他在一个去吹灭了生日蛋糕上所有的蜡烛。
at one go:在一个去
You'd have a good view of the sea from here except for the block of flats in between.
要不是隔著这座公寓大楼，大海的景色就可以从这里有好的看.
have a good view:有好的看
He was very excited and angry and blustered for a while.
他非常激动，生气，且咆哮了一阵。
angry:生气
He was boasting about how brave he was at the start, but copped out (of it) at the finish.
他起初夸耀自己勇敢，到头来却打了盖上出去(的它)。
copped out (of it):盖上出去(的它)
The enemy troops had been bogged down; supply had not kept up with them.
敌人的部队束缚倒下了；他们的补给跟不上。
bogged down:束缚倒下
He never goes out but he drops in at that bookstore.
他每次外出都会水滴在那家书店待一会儿。
drops in:水滴在
He rattled on about his job, not noticing how bored she was.
他只顾摇摇欲坠上地说自己工作上的事，没注意到她有多麽腻烦。
rattled on:摇摇欲坠上
He bounded to his feet and waved good-bye to his friends.
他有界到他的英尺，向朋友们挥手告别。
bounded to his feet:有界到他的英尺
He bounded to his feet and waved good-bye to his friends.
他一跃而起，向朋友们挥舞再见。
waved good-bye:挥舞再见
They would offer a bounty of $100,000 for the capture of the murderer.
他们愿出十万元赏金是的捕获的是的杀人犯。
the capture of the murderer:是的捕获的是的杀人犯
After the fight the defeated boxer swore he'd get his own back (on his rival).
那场拳赛后败北者发誓要（向对手）获得他的自有背面(在他的对手).
get his own back (on his rival):获得他的自有背面(在他的对手)
After months of futile labor, the scientist suddenly had a brainstorm and solved the problem.
数月努力，徒劳劳工，科学家突发奇想，问题迎刃而解。
futile labor:徒劳劳工
After months of futile labor, the scientist suddenly had a brainstorm and solved the problem.
数月努力，徒劳无功，科学家突然有暴风雨，问题迎刃而解。
suddenly had a brainstorm:突然有暴风雨
After months of futile labor, the scientist suddenly had a brainstorm and solved the problem.
数月努力，徒劳无功，科学家突发奇想，问题已解决是的问题。
solved the problem:已解决是的问题
The brand of a coward is a liability in a military career.
懦夫的污名对军事职业是不利的。
a military career:军事职业
I saw the boy stealing money; but he is so brazen that he tried to say that I had stolen it.
我看见那个男孩在偷钱;但他竟那么傲慢地企图赖到我身上。
so brazen:那么傲慢
Although his deception had been discovered, he decided to brazen it out.
虽然他的骗术已被人发现，他仍决定傲慢它出去挺住。
brazen it out:傲慢它出去
Firemen had to break the door down to reach the people trapped inside.
消防人员须打断是的门倒下，才能抢救困在屋里的人.
break the door down:打断是的门倒下
The novel was so absorbing that she read on without a break even forgetting food and sleep.
这本小说非常那么吸收，她一口气读了下去，甚至废寝忘食。
so absorbing:那么吸收
The novel was so absorbing that she read on without a break even forgetting food and sleep.
这本小说非常引人入胜，她没有打断读了下去，甚至废寝忘食。
without a break:没有打断
The novel was so absorbing that she read on without a break even forgetting food and sleep.
这本小说非常引人入胜，她一口气读了下去，甚至忘记食物及睡。
forgetting food and sleep:忘记食物及睡
Send not for a hatchet with which to break open an egg.
别为了破一个鸡蛋而叫人去取斧头——发送不为帽子与那些到打断打开一个蛋。
Send not for a hatchet with which to break open an egg:发送不为帽子与那些到打断打开一个蛋
Scientists say they are beginning to break through in the fight against cancer.
科学家们说，他们在防治癌症方面开始打断通过。
break through:打断通过
On being sent to hospital, he was on the point of breathing his last.
他被送到医院的时候已经呼吸他的最后了。
breathing his last:呼吸他的最后
If the plate tarnishes, you can rub it up a little and bring back its shine.
如果盘子油漆，你可以稍为擦试一下，使其恢复光泽。
tarnishes:油漆
His sense of humour was a useful buffer when things were going badly for him.
他有幽默感，这使他在逆境中有用的缓冲区.
a useful buffer:有用的缓冲区
A sergeant went from door to door requisitioning bullets for the men.
一名中士从门到门地给战士们征集弹药。
from door to door:从门到门
The bull forgot all about the matador and ran at the drunk who had wandered into the middle of the ring during a bullfight.
公牛忘记了所有斗牛士，向斗牛场中央的醉汉冲去，他是在斗牛比赛中糊里糊涂走进去的。
forgot all:忘记了所有
There were so many people that the hall was bursting at the seams.
人多极了，会堂挤得闪烁在是的缝合。
bursting at the seams:闪烁在是的缝合
She burst into the room with her usual ebullience, and immediately started talking to everyone.
她像往常一样暴躁地冲进了房间，立刻跟大家攀谈起来.
ebullience:暴躁
Scarcely had she heard the sad story when she burst out crying.
她一听到这悲伤的消息，就爆炸出去哭泣。
burst out crying:爆炸出去哭泣
It's pouring with rain, so I'm afraid our picnic's gone for a burton.
下起了注水与雨，我们的野餐恐怕要吹了。
pouring with rain:注水与雨
The disease was practically unknown ten years ago but then it flared and spread like wild fire until it reached epidemic proportions.
这种疾病10年前几乎未知，可它突然爆发象野火般迅速传播，直至流行甚广。
unknown:未知
By common consent the village green was turned into a playground for children.
大家普通同意把村中的草地改为儿童游戏场所。
common consent:普通同意
The injured man was fairly far gone by the time the ambulance arrived.
救护车到时那伤者已公平很远已故.
fairly far gone:公平很远已故
A person seldom falls sick, but the bystander is animated with a faint hope that he will die.
人难得生病，可是旁观者们却以为他势将必死，并因这一线希望而活化起来。
animated:活化
Best buy of the week are carrot and cabbage, which are plentiful and cheap.
本星期买胡萝卜和洋白菜最合算，因大量，价格低廉。
plentiful:大量
If we keep calm and stick together, we'll be all right.
我们保持镇定、棍棒一起就没有问题。
stick together:棍棒一起
Her latest flight of fancy is to go camping in the Sahara desert!
她最近最新飞行的奢侈想到撒哈拉沙漠去野营!.
latest flight of fancy:最新飞行的奢侈
You can tell (that) he's angry when he starts shouting a lot.
他什麽时候一喊叫，肯定是生气了.
shouting:喊叫
Her kindness and generosity cancel out her occasional flashes of temper.
她为人厚道、慷慨，倒也弥补了她偶尔发点儿脾气。
generosity:慷慨
What was happening was a sickness, a cancer in society that could not be helped.
所发生的一切是种病态，一种可以不是帮助的社会弊病。
could not be helped:可以不是帮助
The scene the horror film where the cannibals dismembered the missionary left me with my hair standing on end.
在那部恐怖电影中，食人者肢解那传教士的镜头使我是的恐怖。
the horror:是的恐怖
Since I cannot foretell things like a prophet, I cannot help taking a small loss.
我又不能预言一些事情如先知，总不免要吃点小亏。
foretell things like a prophet:预言一些事情如先知
A recent article in a weekly newspaper, was headed with a striking caption of a lady in a state of considerable distress.
最近一份周报登了一篇文章，文章开头是一幅醒目的解说词，其中是一位相当的悲伤的女士。
considerable distress:相当的悲伤
The children behave badly, but the guilt lies with the parents, who don't care about their behaviour.
孩子们行为很糟糕，但是这应归罪于他们的父母，他们不关心子女的行为。
behave badly:行为很糟糕
The driver lost control and the car careened down the hill.
因司机失控，那辆汽车就小心翼翼倒下地冲下山去.
careened down:小心翼翼倒下
John was careful not to say anything about this to her.
约翰小心，避免向她提及此事。
careful:小心
It's no secret that the Soviets are not happy about the developments here in Cuba, the diplomat said.
是的不秘密，苏联对古巴这时的发展感到不快，这位［欧洲］外交官说。
It's no secret:是的不秘密
We often go carolling (ie go from house to house, singing carols) at Christmas.
我们在圣诞节常去唱颂歌（去从房子到房子唱颂歌）.
go from house to house:去从房子到房子
The match was so wonderful that he was totally carried away.
比赛十分精彩，令他带有离开。
carried away:带有离开
They managed to carry on their experiments in spite of the difficulties.
虽有困难，他们还是设法使试验承载上。
carry on:承载上
When the math teacher asked a question in class, he really caught me napping because I was not listening at all.
当数学老师在课堂上提问时，我被捕我拍拍，因为我当时根本就没在听。
caught me napping:被捕我拍拍
The revitalized team came from the cellar to win the pennant.
该队恢复活力，从最后一名一跃而赢得冠军奖旗。
revitalized:恢复活力
The boss gets too corny when he talks to the workers.
老板每次跟员工说话都是也胡萝卜。
too corny:也胡萝卜
That man was on the prod and as dangerous as a cornered cougar.
那人是上是的求助，危险得如同一头被困的美洲豹。
was on the prod:是上是的求助
His wife's calm nature acts as a counterbalance to his excitability.
他妻子生性平静自然，这对他的易冲动的个性起着平衡作用。
calm nature:平静自然
An eccentric or nonconformist person, especially a member of a counterculture.
偏心之人反常或不符合常规之人，尤指反主流文化的成员
eccentric:偏心
After years of quarrelling we at last sent our cousins a Christmas card as an olive-branch.
我们与堂兄弟多年不和，最后我们送给他们一张圣诞卡，算是一个橄榄枝.
an olive-branch:一个橄榄枝
The number of "cowboys" on the road is probably small, but their behavior is getting them all a bad name.
公路上"牛仔"的司机数量或许不多，但他们的行为把他们的名声搞臭了。
"cowboys":"牛仔"
My skin crawled when I heard a sudden shriek in the dead of night.
夜晚是的死亡的夜时突然听到一声尖叫，吓得我汗毛直竖。
the dead of night:是的死亡的夜
His defense, which seems credible on the evidence so far, is that the bank masked its skullduggery so completely that no regulator anywhere in the world could get a handle on it.
他的辩词（根据目前证据似乎可信）是：银行把它的蒙面它的头骨畸形的做法遮掩得天衣无逢，全世界任何地方的监管人员都无法掌握。
masked its skullduggery:蒙面它的头骨畸形
His defense, which seems credible on the evidence so far, is that the bank masked its skullduggery so completely that no regulator anywhere in the world could get a handle on it.
他的辩词（根据目前证据似乎可信）是：银行把它的偷天换日的做法遮掩得那么完全，全世界任何地方的监管人员都无法掌握。
so completely:那么完全
Cross talks are an art form people love to see and hear.
相声这种艺术形式让老百姓爱到看及听。
love to see and hear:爱到看及听
You can do what you want to do, but never follow the crowd.
你想做什么就做什么，可别跟进是的人群。
follow the crowd:跟进是的人群
There was such a crush in the room that no one could move.
房间内挤得不一个可以移动，谁也无法动弹。
no one could move:不一个可以移动
Hard as I cudgelled my brains, I couldn't remember her name.
尽管我被凝固的我的大脑，还是想不起她的名字.
cudgelled my brains:被凝固的我的大脑
He fawning manner whenever the boss is around just makes me curl up.
每当老板在时，他那闪烁礼貌的样子真使我恶心。
fawning manner:闪烁礼貌
She's so cussed she always does the opposite of what you ask.
她这人真是牛脾气，总是与你的要求是的是的相反.
does the opposite:是的是的相反
One swallow of that and you'd be dead as a doornail.
只要喝上一口，就会叫人死亡如门钉。
dead as a doornail:死亡如门钉
A cycling holiday would be too much for an unfit person like me.
像我这种身体，骑自行车度假会是也很多。
would be too much:会是也很多
Roberts is a real cynic; he won't accept anything or anyone on face value.
罗伯特实在是一个冷酷的人；他不会对任何事或任何人信以为真。
cynic:冷酷
Banana, grape, apple, daisy which of these is the odd one out?
香蕉、葡萄、苹果、雏菊－－这几样东西哪一样是的奇特一个出去？
the odd one out:是的奇特一个出去
These scum who fight at the football matches must be severely dealt with!
必须对那些专在足球比赛时打架的社会渣滓是严重处理与！
be severely dealt with:是严重处理与
His first performance was a debacle: the audience booed him off the stage.
他的首场演出破产，观众发出嘘声把他轰下了台.
a debacle:破产
A scoffer, a debauched person, and, in brief, a man of Belial.
一个嘲弄的人，一个生活放荡的家伙，总而言之，是个恶棍。
scoffer:嘲弄
I defer to my parents because they are older and wiser.
我听从父母，因为他们年长老的及更聪明。
older and wiser:老的及更聪明
He was dejected to learn that he had failed the examination.
得知考试不及格，他便是沮丧。
was dejected:是沮丧
The rise in delinquency is an indictment of our society and its values.
罪行现象有增无已，这是对我们的社会及其价值观的控诉。
delinquency:罪行
During the fever he became delirious and said some strange things.
发高烧时他成为恶心，说了些稀奇古怪的事。
became delirious:成为恶心
During the fever he became delirious and said some strange things.
发高烧时他神志昏迷，说了些奇怪一些事情的事。
strange things:奇怪一些事情
When her child was two hours late, she became quite demented.
她孩子晚了两个小时，她成为非常疯子.
became quite demented:成为非常疯子
The man is neither fish nor fowl; he votes Democrat or Republican according to which will do him the most good.
这个人在没有鱼也鸟类，他投民主党的票还是共和党的票得看哪个党对他更有益处。
neither fish nor fowl:没有鱼也鸟类
Doors of derelict houses may be boarded and nailed up to prevent children from getting in.
被遗弃的房子，可以用木板把门户钉起来，以防止小孩进入。
derelict:被遗弃
Professor Moriarty could be described as the dirty dog of the Sherlock Holmes stories.
莫里亚蒂教授可以被说成是福尔莫斯故事中的行为是的肮脏狗的人。
the dirty dog:是的肮脏狗
Deserving of blame or censure as being wrong, evil, improper, or injurious.
受责备的因做错事、干坏事、做不恰当或导致伤害的事而应受责备或惩处的。
improper:不恰当
A desperate man will stop at nothing to get what he wants.
一个A绝望男人为了达到自己的目的什么事都做得出来。
A desperate man:A绝望男人
But to the despondent I whisper that life begins at 40.
但对那些到是的绝望的人我却低声说40岁生活才开始。
to the despondent:到是的绝望
He broke into a desultory chat with me over his business affairs.
他突然开始和我恶意地谈起他的生意来了。
desultory:恶意
The time he can spare from the adornment of his person he devote to the neglect of his duty.
他把花在打扮上的时间省下来，却用到了是的忽略的他的义务上去。
the neglect of his duty:是的忽略的他的义务
'Shades of Hitler!' I thought, as I listened to the dictator haranguing the crowd.
那个独裁者向群众地训话，我一听就想到，“真像希特勒！”
haranguing:
The English of today is very different from the English of500 years ago. In time, some even die out completely.
现在的英语与500年前的英语已非常不同从，有一些甚至会在今后完全消失。
very different from:非常不同从
There is an atmosphere of peace and calm in the country, quite different from the atmosphere of a big city.
在乡间有一种和平宁静的气氛，和大城市的气氛非常不同。
quite different:非常不同
It is wrong to differentiate between pupils according to their family background.
按家庭背景区别对待学生的做法是错误的。
family background:家庭背景
As soon as the pie was served, she digged into it heartily.
馅饼一上来，她就被挖进入地吃起来。
digged into:被挖进入
Go down on yow knees and give thanks for your safety.
你跪下祈祷，感谢上帝保佑你安全。
safety:安全
John has a constitution like a horse, said the manager, casting a glance over John's upright form.
打量一眼约翰笔挺的身体，经理说道：约翰直立形式。
upright form:直立形式
The old gentleman just stood there glaring at the pickpocket and did not say a word.
这位老先生只是站在那里对那个扒手闪烁，一句话也没有说。
glaring:闪烁
I didn't understand why his eyes started to glaze over at the mention of Chomsky.
我不了解为什么一提到乔姆斯基的名字他的两眼变得玻璃。
glaze:玻璃
Mischiefs come by the pound, and go away by the ounce.
密西夫斯来吧以是的英镑,及去离开以是的盎司。
Mischiefs come by the pound, and go away by the ounce:密西夫斯来吧以是的英镑,及去离开以是的盎司
My firm in Hongkong went bankrupt and left me penniless, and I could only get home by working my ticket.
我在香港开设的商行破产了，落得个无钱，只得靠在船上做工抵偿船费才回到家乡。
penniless:无钱
If we can set him off on his pet subject, he will go on for hours.
如果我们能使他谈谈他最得意的话题，他会去上为几小时地谈几个小时。
go on for hours:去上为几小时
He went on the rampage after an argument with his wife.
与他妻子争吵之后，他恩特上是的推翻。
ent on the rampage:恩特上是的推翻
After3 years in prison, the former thief decided to go straight, and took a job with a company.
昔日的窃贼坐了3年牢以后决定决定到去直线，并在一家公司干活。
decided to go straight:决定到去直线
The children gobbled up their food and rushed out to play.
孩子们胡萝卜高他们食物地吃完饭就冲出去玩了。
gobbled up their food:胡萝卜高他们食物
The rent was due, so your cheque came as an absolute godsend!
租金已到期，你的支票来到真是一个绝对神赐！
an absolute godsend:一个绝对神赐
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
谁也不会象病金鱼的主人般觉得那样无助。
helpless:无助
It's all right for you, with a good job and a nice house you're laughing.
你行啊，有份好工作又有好房子--你是笑了.
you're laughing:你是笑
He holds a strong belief in the goodness of human nature.
他对人性的善良持有坚固相信。
holds a strong belief:持有坚固相信
You will never be good students so long as you goof around.
如果你们成天愚蠢四周，就永远也成不了好学生。
goof around:愚蠢四周
Miranda says she doesn't want to go to Paris, but I fancy it is merely sour grapes.
米兰达说她不想去巴黎，但我认为这不过是她因去不成而酸葡萄的话。
sour grapes:酸葡萄
She described the events so graphically that I could almost see them.
她把那些事件描述得图形上，我几乎象是能够亲眼目睹了。
graphically:图形上
Most of the nomads live in grassland and have no fixed home.
游牧部落的大多人都生活在草原上并且有不固定家。
have no fixed home:有不固定家
These people who were young fifty years back are now gray haired.
50年前的年轻人，现在已经灰色有色了。
gray haired:灰色有色
A hand grenade exploded by accident and I got lost in the ensuing confusion.
一枚手榴弹意外地发生了爆炸，接着是一片混乱，使我有失去。
got lost:有失去
I've finished with our grocer for good; that's the third time he's tried to give me short change.
我已经与我们的食品商永远是的完成了；这是他第三次想少找给我钱。
've finished:是的完成
Grotesque faces are carved over the doorway of the old building.
那栋古老建筑的门廊上雕刻了格洛特斯克的脸。
Grotesque:格洛特斯克
The company has had a good year but we must guard against complacency.
公司获得了一个好年头，我们务必防止自满。
complacency:自满
There is nothing new here, just the same old ideas in a new guise.
这里没什么新花样，只是些新伪装的旧玩意儿。
a new guise:新伪装
In the uprising the serfs fought with bare hands against gunfire.
在暴动中，农奴们以战斗与裸体手对付钢枪铁炮。
fought with bare hands:战斗与裸体手
One who habitually takes advantage of the generosity of others without making any useful return.
寄生虫总是利用别人的慷慨而从不做任何有益回报的人
generosity:慷慨
A temporary state of mental confusion and clouded consciousness resulting from high fever, intoxication, shock, or other causes.
一种暂时精神混乱和云彩意识的状态，由高烧、酒醉、休克、震惊或其它原因导致。
clouded consciousness:云彩意识
It is characterized by anxiety, disorientation, hallucinations, delusions, trembling, and incoherent speech.
其症状是：焦虑、迷路、发生幻觉、妄想、颤抖和说胡话。
disorientation:迷路
Two suspicious-looking fellows were seen hanging around the campus last night.
昨夜有人看见两个可疑的的人在校园里徘徊。
suspicious-looking:可疑的
Why did you put the volumes of the encyclopedia in haphazard order?
你为何把这套百科全书放得在偶然命令？
in haphazard order:在偶然命令
He harangued his fellow students and persuaded them to walk out.
他对他的同学不耐烦说服他们罢课。
harangued:不耐烦
Marking and Allen came together on their way to Harvard University and they fell in love at first sight.
马克和艾伦是在去哈佛大学的途中邂逅相遇的，他俩掉落在爱在首先视力。
fell in love at first sight:掉落在爱在首先视力
I asked him to have a try, but he hung back.
我要他试一下，但他悬挂背面。
hung back:悬挂背面
In putting this new product on the European market we seem to have backed a winner, for the sales there are unexpectedly good.
我们将这新产品打入欧洲市场，看来是做了一笔有支持者获胜者的生意，因为那里的销售情况出人意料地好。
have backed a winner:有支持者获胜者
She is a girl who has her feet on the ground.
她是个有她英尺上是的地面的女孩子。
has her feet on the ground:有她英尺上是的地面
She's hopelessly headstrong; she always gets up against people in authority.
她英译汉到了不可挽救的地步，老是与主管人员发生冲突。
headstrong:英译汉
Mary's rudeness was not in character because she is usually very polite.
玛丽的粗暴无礼与她性格不符，因为她平时非常非常礼貌。
very polite:非常礼貌
which alone can make good writing because only that is worth writing about, worth the agony and the sweat.
而这本身就是好作品，因为这是唯一值得写、值得是的痛苦及是的汗地去写的题材。
the agony and the sweat:是的痛苦及是的汗
The swimmer seemed to be in difficulty, but managed to reach the shore in the end.
那游泳的人似乎在困难，但最后还是设法游到了彼岸。
in difficulty:在困难
Not getting into university may be a blessing in disguise; I don't think you'd have been happy there.
没能上大学祝福在伪装，我想你在大学里是不会觉得快乐的.
a blessing in disguise:祝福在伪装
They went to the teacher in fear and trembling to tell her that they'd broken a window.
他们在恐惧及颤抖地去告诉老师，他们打破了一扇窗户.
in fear and trembling:在恐惧及颤抖
A plant cell that differs noticeably in form from neighboring cells.
异细胞，生原体与相邻的细胞不同很明显的细胞
differs noticeably:不同很明显
The salesman said the car was in good condition, and I was foolish enough to fall for it.
推销员说这辆汽车状况良好，而我那麽傻竟然秋天为它。
fall for it:秋天为它
I can toss off my article for the local newspaper in half an hour.
我给本地的报纸写文章只用半小时就可投掷取消。
toss off:投掷取消
The driver was slanging a pedestrian who had got in his way.
那司机俚语挡他的路的行人.
slanging:俚语
I promise I'll bring the car back to you in one piece.
我保证把车在一个片子地还给你。
in one piece:在一个片子
That fellow can be very rude in private though in public he is usually polite.
那家伙在在公众通常很有礼貌，但私下很粗鲁。
in public:在公众
He was always ready to help others, in return, he was liked by everyone.
他总是永远准备好到帮助其他，作为回报，大家都喜欢他。
always ready to help others:永远准备好到帮助其他
They said they'd let me know by the end of the week, so I guess my future hangs in the balance.
他们说这个星期内会通知我，我想我的未来还是悬挂在是的平衡吧！
hangs in the balance:悬挂在是的平衡
The high street is a blaze of lights in the evening.
晚上大街上火焰的灯光.
a blaze of lights:火焰的灯光
They realized that in the final analysis their job was to tell the public the facts.
他们意识到他们的工作在是的最后分析是把事实公布于众。
in the final analysis:在是的最后分析
He was determined to stay in the saddle at all costs.
他打定主意要在所有费用代价继续掌权。
at all costs:在所有费用
There are so many inaccuracies in this report that it will have to be written again.
这份报告许多不准确，须重写.
many inaccuracies:许多不准确
His duty is to assist the aggrieved person inasmuch as he is able.
他的责任是因为如他是有能力帮助受害人。
inasmuch as he is able:因为如他是有能力
Ambitious boy cannot be so foolish as to indulge in sports at the expense of their school student.
雄心勃勃的男孩不会愚蠢到在损坏其学校学生利益的情况下沉溺于运动。
Ambitious:雄心勃勃
Nobel's greatness lay in the outstanding ability to combine the quality of an original scientists with those of a forward-looking industrialist.
诺贝尔的伟大在于他具有把独创性科学家的品质与展望未来的企业家的品质相互结合起来的杰出能力。
forward-looking:展望未来
She had the ingenuity to succeed where everyone else had failed.
她真是有是的聪明，别人办不到的事她却做成了。
had the ingenuity:有是的聪明
It was sickening to watch young Stevenson trying to ingratiate himself with the professor, knowing as we did how much the old man detested and despised him.
看到小斯蒂文森夸张自己地讨好教授实在是恶心，更何况我们都知道那老头是多么地厌恶和鄙视他。
ingratiate himself:夸张自己
He had been subject to a campaign of innuendo in the press.
他一直受到新闻界竞选的含义的影射.
a campaign of innuendo:竞选的含义
Robert lost his mind and was committed to an insane asylum.
罗伯特失去他的思绪，给送进了疯人院。
lost his mind:失去他的思绪
Ashamed into anger and at the instigation of Mrs. Tooth, the outraged husbands attached Jack.
羞愧进入愤怒成怒的丈夫们在图丝太太的指使下，把杰克打翻在地。
Ashamed into anger:羞愧进入愤怒
She won't interfere with you any more; your independence is achieved and you have won your latchkey.
她再与也不会干涉你了，你有了独立权，你已经有了你自己出入大门的钥匙。
independence:独立
Not everybody agreed with the way she interpreted the violin concerts, but it was still a technically perfect performance.
并非每人都同意她对那首小提琴协奏曲的诠释，但是她的演奏在技巧上仍是完美。
perfect:完美
Ironically, most people came to watch the match on the day it poured with rain.
老天爷好像成心捉弄人，很多人前来看比赛却偏偏下起它注水与雨。
it poured with rain:它注水与雨
Judging by the crowds waiting to get in this seems to be where it's at.
从裁决以是的人群等待进去的人群来看，这似乎是个热闹去处。
Judging by the crowds:裁决以是的人群
If jupiter hurled his thunderbolt as often as men sin, he will soon be out of thunderbolt.
假使朱庇特每当有人犯罪就出去的闪电的话，他手上的雷霆便会即将告磬。
out of thunderbolt:出去的闪电
He's fussy about his food, if it isn't cooked just right, he won't eat it.
他过分着意于自己所吃的东西，如果不是烹调得只是右，他就不吃。
just right:只是右
She's old and infirm and has to keep to the house.
她因年老体弱而保持到是的房子.
keep to the house:保持到是的房子
Later in the week, the Kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase.
上星期末，在障碍赛跑中肯尼亚人在是的背叛地赢得了金牌。
in the steeplechase:在是的背叛
When he heard that he had been called dishonest, his anger knew no bounds.
当他听到人家说他不诚实时，他愤怒知道不边界。
anger knew no bounds:愤怒知道不边界
The singer was surrounded by the usual crowd of lackeys and hangers-on.
那个歌手让那帮总是懒惰者、前呼后拥的人给围住了.
lackeys:懒惰者
The singer was surrounded by the usual crowd of lackeys and hangers-on.
那个歌手让那帮总是溜须拍马、挂钩的人给围住了.
hangers-on:挂钩
But I saw him myself in a disco as large as life, dancing with a girl half his age.
可是我在一家迪斯科舞会上亲眼看到他，如大如生命，他在和一个年龄只他一半大的姑娘跳舞。
as large as life:如大如生命
I guess I got a little carried away during the football game.
我猜这是因为我在足球比赛中有点有很小带有离开了。
got a little carried away:有很小带有离开
Ten days should be a big enough leeway to allow for delays.
把耽搁考虑在内，增加十天时间是是大够了的了。
be a big enough:是大够了
To achieve this goal, you must have ambition; likewise you need to exert great efforts.
要实现这一目标，你必须有野心，同时还得十分努力。
ambition:野心
For such a beautiful girl, to use make-up would be to gild the lily.
对一个这样漂亮的女孩来说，化妆有些叫喊是的莉莉。
gild the lily:叫喊是的莉莉
For the beautiful girl to use makeup would be to gild the lily.
漂亮的姑娘加上化装，是叫喊是的莉莉。
gild the lily:叫喊是的莉莉
I'm in limbo, waiting to know if I've got the job or not.
我在虚构，等着知道是否已得到了那份工作。
in limbo:在虚构
Lincoln is a conspicuous example of a poor boy who succeeded.
林肯是一个穷苦孩子而成功的出色例子。
succeeded:成功
The poor people starved, while a few lived off the fat of the land.
穷人饿肚子，而极少数人却过着活下来取消是的脂肪的是的土地的生活。
lived off the fat of the land:活下来取消是的脂肪的是的土地
I had to live on bread and water when I was a student.
我上大学时只能靠活上面包及水过活.
live on bread and water:活上面包及水
The Titanic and all her crew were in Davy Jones's locker.
泰坦尼克号及其全体船员均都在戴维琼斯锁柜。
in Davy Jones's locker:在戴维琼斯锁柜
Something that logically or naturally follows from an action or condition.
结果一种行为或情况在逻辑上或自然产生的结果
naturally:自然
Several candidates had been manoeuvring for position long before the leadership became vacant.
领导职位尚未空缺，几个竞争者早就在为向上爬而操纵了.
manoeuvring:操纵
I will not be lorded over, "she said to her husband.
"我是不会是君主以上的，"她对她丈夫说。
be lorded over:是君主以上
No one wants to sit next to Miss Yates at the Sewing Meeting; she chatters like a magpie, all the time.
在缝纫联谊会上，谁也不想坐在耶茨小姐身边；她整天聊天如马格皮。
chatters like a magpie:聊天如马格皮
The school was very cooperative when we made a film there.
我们到该校拍摄影片时，获得校方的非常合作。
very cooperative:非常合作
He is a very lively young man, certain of his own abilities and eager to make a noise in the world.
他是一位非常活泼的年轻人，对自己的能力充满信心而且渴望做噪音在是的世界。
make a noise in the world:做噪音在是的世界
The teacher made an example of the student who had copied his neighbor's answers during the finals.
老师当众惩罚在期末考试中抄袭邻座答案的那位学生所作的一个例如。
made an example:所作的一个例如
It's difficult to make friends with her; she's constantly on the offensive.
跟她交朋友十分困难；她这个人口角尖酸、是的进攻性。
the offensive:是的进攻性
You can see signs of (a creeping) malaise in our office.
在我们办公室里可以看到有某种（令人爬行的）不安迹象.
a creeping:爬行
He made manful efforts to move the heavy furniture, but failed.
他花了极大的力气想搬移那个沉重的家具，但失败。
failed:失败
There are many badly mangled bodies of those killed by the explosion.
那有许多在爆炸中被炸得很糟糕杂乱的尸体。
badly mangled:很糟糕杂乱
Russia and the United States are neck and neck in the race to send a manned spacecraft to mars.
苏联和美国在发射载人宇宙飞船去火星的研制方面，可以说是颈部及颈部，不相上下。
neck and neck:颈部及颈部
Both partners now resent your interference; that's what you get when you fish in the troubled waters of marital strife.
现在两方面都对你的干预不满，那是对你的婚姻冲突中鱼在是的麻烦水域的婚姻争吵的报应。
fish in the troubled waters of marital strife:鱼在是的麻烦水域的婚姻争吵
One that is markedly superior to all others, as in the ability to succeed.
明显地优越的人明显优于所有其他人的人，如取得成功的能力
markedly superior:明显地优越
The students did some marvellous impressions of the teachers at the end-of-term party.
在期末联欢会上，学生模仿教师美妙的令人捧腹。
marvellous:美妙的
The holiday was a marvellous antidote to the pressures of office work.
那个假日是消除上班工作压力的美妙的抗药.
a marvellous antidote:美妙的抗药
The new vicar's a Marxist that'll set the cat among the pigeons!
新来的牧师是马克思主义者－－这下子可要设置是的猫其中是的鸽子了。
set the cat among the pigeons:设置是的猫其中是的鸽子
She waltzed off with the school prizes for maths and science.
她被惊吓取消赢得了全校数学奖和理科奖。
waltzed off:被惊吓取消
Since he can play many musical instruments, he may well be called a man of accomplishments.
他能演奏许多乐器，当然称得上是个成就的人。
accomplishments:成就
He was so weak from hunger he could hardly raise his meagre arms.
他饿得虚弱无力，连那么弱的胳膊都举不起来。
so weak:那么弱
A play, film, television program, or other narrative work that portrays or depicts calamitous events and has an unhappy but meaningful ending.
刻画或描写灾难性事件的剧作、电影、电视节目或其它叙事作品，有不幸的但有意义的的结局。
meaningful:有意义的
The runner fell, but he showed his mettle by continuing in the race.
短跑运动员摔倒了，但仍继续，体现出了他的毅力。
continuing:继续
Mick licked his chops when I told him Wendy was coming to the party.
我对米克说温迪要来参加宴会时，他轻蔑他的。
licked his chops:轻蔑他的
She complained loudly to the owner of the store, who answered her mildly.
她冲着轻微地答复她的店主大声抱怨。
mildly:轻微地
Groups of fans were milling about in the streets after the match.
比赛过后入迷的观众群在街上乱转.
Groups:群
Millions of people gave freely in response to the famine appeal.
千百万人响应救灾呼吁而给予自由地.
gave freely:给予自由地
The pagoda built in the Ming Dynasty is still in good repair.
建于明代的那座塔现在还在好的修理。
in good repair:在好的修理
We were struck with horror when we saw the car collide.
我们看到车子相撞，与恐怖。
with horror:与恐怖
Study of logic and rhetoric makes a man able to contend.
学逻辑和修辞让一个人变得有能力到争论。
able to contend:有能力到争论
The best ads are when word and image come together to convey a strong and effective message.
最好的广告就是文字与图象能来吧一起，传达出强烈有效的讯息。
come together:来吧一起
She still believe in santa claus and it will is cruel to disillusion her.
她仍然相信有圣诞老人，要是使她这一幻想破灭就是残酷了。
is cruel:是残酷
Large corporations and small start-up ventures offer distinctly different contexts for the development of entrepreneurial potential.
大公司和小型初创公司给企业家精神的发展提供的是很明显不同的环境。
distinctly different:很明显不同
He was foaming at the mouth because of his daughter's rudeness.
他女儿的粗暴态度使他是泡沫。
was foaming:是泡沫
You always follow your own inclination instead of thinking of our feelings.
你总是跟进你的自有倾斜而不考虑我们的情感。
follow your own inclination:跟进你的自有倾斜
You can trust him; he is a man of complete integrity.
你可以相信他，他是一个完成完整性的人。
complete integrity:完成完整性
It seemed that the mountainous waves would turn the ship over.
山岳的巨浪似乎要把船掀翻。
mountainous:山岳
He is always talking about his deep interest in literature, but it's just a pose.
他经常说他对文学有浓厚的兴趣，其实这不过是只是露面而已。
just a pose:只是露面
Not many people described her as a social snob, but there are few who deny she is an intellectual snob.
没有多少人说她是社会上的势利眼，但是，很少有人否认她在智力上总显得一个知识分子斯诺布。
an intellectual snob:一个知识分子斯诺布
The miraculous survival of some people in the air crash was widely reported by the press.
空难事件中有些人奇迹生存被新闻界广泛报导。
miraculous survival:奇迹生存
To the ants, the infant elephant is a giant in the plantation.
对蚂蚁们来说，幼小的大象是种植园里的巨人.
a giant:巨人
His style of argument in meetings is not so much aggressive as pertinacious.
他在会议上的辩论态度并非侵略性而是坚持己见.
aggressive:侵略性
That man is a total phony, he palms himself off as a Ph .d.
那家伙是个总数的冒牌货，他冒称是个博士。
total:总数
The walls were in a dreadful condition -- their yellow plaster was peeling off.
墙已经在可怕条件--上面的灰泥都在剥落。
in a dreadful condition:在可怕条件
If the two top teams reach the same result, they will have to play off against each other next week.
如果这两个最强的队积分一样，他们就得在下周玩取消反对每个其他。
play off against each other:玩取消反对每个其他
She played up to her art teacher, and suddenly they were a couple.
她对她的美术老师示好，不久他们就情侣了。
a couple:情侣
It's pointless trying to keep your friendship secret it's common knowledge already.
你们无谓将友情保密--其实已普通知识了.
common knowledge:普通知识
She was strongly committed to her job, a policewoman by eminence.
她非常强烈地承诺到她工作，一位典型的（卓越的）女警察。
strongly committed to her job:强烈地承诺到她工作
He sat there pontificating about the legal system although it was clear that he knew very little about it.
他坐在那儿发表他对法制的高论，虽然他对此知道非常很小.
knew very little:知道非常很小
The young girls swooned when they saw their favorite pop singer.
年轻的女孩子们一看见她们最喜欢的流行歌星就流血起来。
swooned:流血
As a pop star she was a nine days' wonder: she only made one successful record.
她是个九天惊奇的歌星，只录制过一张受欢迎的唱片。
a nine days' wonder:九天惊奇
Some people admired him greatly while others considered him a poseur.
有的人对他佩服得赞赏他非常，而有的人则认为他装腔作势.
admired him greatly:赞赏他非常
One main idea possessed her; she must get away from home.
她只有一个想法;她一定要获得离开从家。
get away from home:获得离开从家
He wants to give away all his modern possessions and return to nature.
他要舍弃一切时髦的东西而返回到自然.
return to nature:返回到自然
He came here without friends or possessions and made his fortune.
他来时没有朋友、身无长物，全凭白手起家.
without friends:没有朋友
He came here without friends or possessions and made his fortune.
他来时举目无亲、没有财产，全凭白手起家.
without possessions:没有财产
His later stories are not interesting because of their poverty of imagination.
他后来写的故事因为缺乏想像力而不有趣的。
not interesting:不有趣的
I don't want to invest all my money in this business; it would mean prating all my eggs in one basket.
我不想把所有的钱都投资在这项生意上，那是祈祷所有我的蛋在一个篮子的做法。
prating all my eggs in one basket:祈祷所有我的蛋在一个篮子
Tourists forget their preconceived ideas as soon as they visit our country.
游客访问了我国之后立刻消除了他们的忘记他们先知想法.
forget their preconceived ideas:忘记他们先知想法
Few people would attain their predestined ending could they see it in advance.
如果人们有看它在提前，就能避免命运的安排。
see it in advance:看它在提前
I would have preferred a bed, but beggars can't be choosers so I slept on the sofa.
我本想要张床，但是叫花子不能是选择者，所以我就睡在沙发上了.
be choosers:是选择者
It was remiss of her to forget to pay the bill.
她忘了付帐，真是拖欠。
was remiss:是拖欠
Oh! Let him pay the bill if he wants to, he's been in full feather ever since his uncle, the pawn broker, died.
哦，要是他想付帐就让他付吧。自打他那做当铺老板的叔叔死后，他已经是在完全羽毛了。
in full feather:在完全羽毛
After four set and ten games in the final set the two players are still level pegging.
经过４盘和最后一盘１０局的比赛，两位选手仍水平封锁。
level pegging:水平封锁
Peggy has come up with this fantastic idea for a party.
佩吉提出了这样一个非常棒想法的聚会计划。
fantastic idea:非常棒想法
There is no point in complaining. They can't do anything to help you.
抱怨不点。他们没办法帮助你。
no point:不点
My scalp began to prickle as I realized the horrible truth.
我了解到了那令人恐惧的事实，顿时感到刺耳.
prickle:刺耳
She was such a prude that she was even embarrassed by the sight of naked children.
她正经得出了格，甚至见了裸体的孩子也难为情.
naked:裸体
This apparent interest of his in modern music is completely pseudo.
他对现代音乐显露出的雅兴纯属完全伪造.
completely pseudo:完全伪造
My only point is that it has been a Pyrrhic victory.
我惟一的想法是，他们为此付出了惨重的代价，未免金字塔胜利。
a Pyrrhic victory:金字塔胜利
I quailed with fear at the thought of telling her the bad news.
我一想到要告诉她这个坏消息就废弃与恐惧。
quailed with fear:废弃与恐惧
I've asked you to do this for me because I know you're not a quitter.
我要求你为我做这件事，因为我知道你做事不打断.
a quitter:打断
She prepared for all possibilities by taking a sunhat, a raincoat and a woolly scarf.
她带了太阳帽、雨衣和毛围巾，一切准备为所有各种可能性.
prepared for all possibilities:准备为所有各种可能性
On impulse, I picked up the phone and rang my sister in Australia.
我一时上冲动，拿起话筒就给在澳大利亚的妹妹打了个电话。
On impulse:上冲动
The old man ranted that nobody paid any attention to his opinion.
老人逃跑的地叫嚷说没人听他的意见。
ranted:逃跑的
A time Hera, Poseidon, Apollo, and all the other Olympians, except Hestia, surrounded him suddenly as he lay asleep on his couch and bound him with rawhide thongs, knotted into a hundred knots, so that he could not move.
有一次，赫拉、波塞冬、阿波罗和除了赫斯提外所有的奥林波斯神祗乘宙斯躺在床上熟睡之际四周他突然，用生牛皮绳把他捆绑起来并打上一百个绳结，使他动弹不得。
surrounded him suddenly:四周他突然
Here, he read of dreadful crimes that made the blood run cold.
在这里，他读到使人所作的是的血跑冷的可怖罪案。
made the blood run cold:所作的是的血跑冷
Their reason for doing it is still a puzzle to me.
他们为什麽要做此事我仍谜题.
a puzzle:谜题
An anonymous call led to the recovery of the stolen jewels.
一个匿名电话导致被盗珠宝领导到是的恢复。
led to the recovery:领导到是的恢复
We tried to discourage him from going out in the storm, but he went regardless.
我们试图阻拦他不要在暴风雨中外出，但他还是不管怎样地出去了。
regardless:不管怎样
I regret to say that I am unable to help you.
很抱歉，我不能到帮助你。
unable to help you:不能到帮助你
His integrity stood out in relief from the corruption of certain officials.
某些官员腐化堕落，相形之下他的廉正更站立出去。
stood out:站立出去
What you say is far removed from what you said before.
你现在说的跟你过去说的很远被删除。
far removed:很远被删除
Now I'm going to rest and revel to my heart's content.
现在我要休息，并狂欢到我内容。
content:内容
We must teach our children how to tell right from wrong.
我们应该教会孩子如何说右从错误。
tell right from wrong:说右从错误
She lay on the bank, listening to the ripple of the stream.
她躺在河岸上，听着小河的波浪的是的河流声。
ripple of the stream:波浪的是的河流
She lived in many places, but she says nothing can rival the beauty of the Rocky Mountains.
她住过许多地方，但是她说落基山的美没什么可以竞争者。
nothing can rival:没什么可以竞争者
In much the same tone of voice, a voter in Michigan said she like President Reagan and thought "I better not rock the boat, so I'll go with a Republican again this time.
"密歇根一位选民以几乎同样的语调说，她喜欢里根总统，她心想，“我别岩石是的船，所以我这次还是追随共和党。”
rock the boat:岩石是的船
Anne now keeps company with Roger, although he is not yet divorced from his legal wife.
安妮现在与罗杰保持公司，尽管他还没有同他的合法妻子离婚。
keeps company:保持公司
This comedy has had them rolling in the aisles for two weeks.
这出喜剧让观众们连续两个星期乐得有他们滚动。
had them rolling:有他们滚动
Entombed as her is, the playwright can count on room service to sustain the slender thread life.
尽管那位剧作家已是埋葬的人了，但他仍可依靠旅馆送茶饭到住房的服务维持他那微弱的生命。
Entombed:埋葬
She'll run on for hours about her family if you let her.
要是你让她说的话，她会把家里的事跑上为几小时地说上几个钟头。
run on for hours:跑上为几小时
Hard work and long hours are rungs in the ladder of success.
刻苦努力和长几小时是成功的阶梯。
long hours:长几小时
The race really stretched him / his skill as a runner.
这次赛跑对他这个参赛者来说，确是伸展.
stretched:伸展
A deep ditch or channel cut in the earth by running water after a prolonged downpour.
隘谷，冲沟长期的暴风雨冲击地面之后形成深的沟壑或沟渠
downpour:暴风雨
He'll rupture a muscle if he goes on dancing like that!
他要是继续那样跳舞，会跳得破裂肌肉！
rupture a muscle:破裂肌肉
When you feel stuck in a rut, it is time for you to upgrade your skills.
感觉自己被困在鲁特的时候就是应该技术更新的时候。
stuck in a rut:被困在鲁特
＂ The quiet girl has come to life since she worked as a saleswoman.
那个安静的姑娘自从当上售货员后变得活跃起来。
quiet:安静
She has a sane attitude towards diving and never goes too fast.
她对于跳水的态度很明智，从不去也快速。
goes too fast:去也快速
The forest fire was nearly out of control when suddenly it rained heavily and saved the day.
森林火灾几乎无法控制，幸好老天突然下起大雨，才保存是的一天。
saved the day:保存是的一天
He is a man who I think means what he says.
我认为他是个表示什么?他他说。的人。
means what he says.:表示什么?他他说。
The region we visited showed the scars of the civil war.
我们访问的那个地区经历过内战，是的疤痕。
the scars:是的疤痕
The taste of the lemon made her screw up her face.
柠檬把她酸得螺旋高她面孔.
screw up her face:螺旋高她面孔
The boy slipped out of the room and headed for the swimming pool secretly.
这孩子秘密地地溜出了屋子，走向游泳池。
secretly:秘密地
He was cursed for sowing seeds of discord among his friends.
他因在朋友中播种种子的不和而被人咒骂。
sowing seeds of discord:播种种子的不和
Even if the worst comes to the worst, we can always sell up our business here and start again somewhere else.
即使出现最坏的情况，我们也总可以随时在这里变卖商店，然后在其他地方开始又一次某处别的。
start again somewhere else:开始又一次某处别的
He has put his shirt on his team winning the trophy.
他放他的衬衫，赌自己的队一定能赢得锦标.
put his shirt:放他的衬衫
Emigration had carried to its shores shoals of men and women.
移民使有带有的男男女女来到了它的海岸。
had carried:有带有
He brightened up at the mention of his son's success as a short story writer.
提到他儿子作为一个短篇小说作家是成功的，他就闪亮高。
brightened up:闪亮高
He shrugged his low opinion of the occupant of the room.
他耸耸肩对那房间的住户 shrugged。
shrugged:shrugged
For long stretch of the try- siberian railway, all you see are trees.
横跨西伯利亚的铁路沿线的景色是长拉伸的树林。
long stretch:长拉伸
Siblings who contrast sharply in interests and abilities; a color that contrasted clearly with the dark background.
在兴趣和能力上对比尖锐地的兄弟（姐妹）；与黑色背影形成鲜明对比的颜色。
contrast sharply:对比尖锐地
The proposals they put forward at the meeting were of little significance.
他们在会上提出的建议很小意义。
little significance:很小意义
In such a simulated environment, one would have an immersed sense.
人在这个仿真的环境中，有一种“有一个沉浸感觉”的感觉。
have an immersed sense:有一个沉浸感觉
Printing business cards on a thirty-inch press is using a sledgehammer to crack a nut.
在30英寸印刷机上印刷名片简直是大材小用，使用雪橇hmmer到裂缝坚果。
using a sledgehammer to crack a nut:使用雪橇hmmer到裂缝坚果
The football game was won by a sleeper, an unknown new player.
足球比赛爆冷门，有一匹黑马赢球了，是一个未知的新球员。
unknown:未知
This part of the town has a lot of snob appeal.
该城的这一区很能吸引斯诺布上诉的人.
snob appeal:斯诺布上诉
After being away for so long, he feels like an alien in his own country now.
一个外星人在他的自有国家这么久，现在在他自己的国家，他觉得自己像个外人。
an alien in his own country:一个外星人在他的自有国家
When you sober up, you'll be ashamed of what you've done.
你酒醒之后，会为你的什么?你已经已完成而感到羞愧。
what you've done:什么?你已经已完成
He's always sounding off about how he would manage the firm.
他总是声音取消地说他能把公司经营好。
sounding off:声音取消
He hated being stuck in the sour job but couldn't find another.
他讨厌老是做这份酸工作的工作，可是找不到别的差使。
sour job:酸工作
Our daughter is a great dancer, she stands out above the rest.
我们的女儿是一个不错的舞者，她从许多舞者中站台出去。
stands out:站台出去
David was in a box because his mother wanted him to stay home and his father wanted him to go shopping.
大卫在箱子，因为他妈妈要他呆在家里，而他爸爸要他去买东西。
in a box:在箱子
The sea ran high, and swept the little craft from stem to stern.
海面上海跑高，小船从头至尾都被浪头冲刷着。
sea ran high:海跑高
She has a stereotyped view of teachers, believing that they are all as bad as hers were.
她对于教师有种如她的是的观念，认为他们都与她以前那些教师一样差。
as hers were:如她的是
She was so stewed up with anxiety that she couldn't sleep.
她那么蒸煮高，觉也睡不着。
so stewed up:那么蒸煮高
They vowed to stick by one another no matter what happened.
他们立誓棍棒以一个另一个。
stick by one another:棍棒以一个另一个
The children in the pool did not have a stitch on.
池里的小孩子不有缝纫上。
not have a stitch on:不有缝纫上
Panic on the stock market set off a wave of selling.
股票市场上恐慌，掀起抛售浪潮.
Panic:恐慌
The stonework of the tower was crumbling, and the great clock had fallen into disrepair.
钟楼的石头框架是破裂，那座大钟也已年久失修。
was crumbling:是破裂
He can be ruthless in getting what he wants, but I believe he would stop short of blackmail.
他这个人为达到目的是是无情的，但我认为他还不至於使用敲诈手段.
be ruthless:是无情
I feel constrained to write (ie I feel I must write) and complain in the strongest possible terms.
我深感感觉限制，必须笔诛墨伐.
feel constrained:感觉限制
I feel constrained to write (ie I feel I must write) and complain in the strongest possible terms.
我深感责无旁贷，必须在是的最强可能的条款.
in the strongest possible terms:在是的最强可能的条款
After hearing the news, he stumped angrily out of the room.
听到这消息后，他愤怒地地走出房间。
angrily:愤怒地
Although the subject-matter (of her talk) was rather dull her witty delivery kept the audience interested.
尽管（她讲的）内容有些枯燥，但由於她善於表达，大家仍听得感兴趣.
interested:感兴趣
His negligence of duty and subsequent dismissal from his job brought on a crisis in his life.
他疏忽的义务，随之遭到解雇，这在他的生活中引起了一次危机。
negligence of duty:疏忽的义务
Susan was sullen in the morning because she hadn't slept well.
苏珊今天早上是沉闷，因为昨晚没睡好。
was sullen:是沉闷
The shop assistant was very supercilious towards me when I asked for some help.
我要买东西招呼售货员时，那个售货员对我非常傲慢。
very supercilious:非常傲慢
The beliefs which now hold sway may one day be rejected.
现在占主导地位的信仰一个一天可能会被摒弃。
one day:一个一天
He is the kind of person who swims with the tide.
他是那种游泳与是的潮汐的人。
swims with the tide:游泳与是的潮汐
The young girls swooned when they saw their favorite pop singer.
年青的姑娘们看到她们最喜欢的流行歌星时一个个都流血。
swooned:流血
All this must happen with very great speed, and only those who have had a lot of practice at table tennis can do this successfully.
所有这一切的反应都要非常迅速，只有那些打乒乓有很多的练习的人，才能成功地做到。
had a lot of practice:有很多的练习
They spread a lot of tacky gossip about his love life.
关于他的爱情生活，他们散播了许多不堪的闲话。
gossip:闲话
He's stop take drug now, but he may revert to take them again.
现在他停止吸毒了，但他可能逆转。
revert:逆转
I, for one, will never again take for granted the noble potato, golden fruit of the earth, to which we owe so much.
至少我对这种有恩于人类的、高贵的马铃薯、大地的黄金一般的果实，再也不接受为给予的了。
take for granted:接受为给予的
Small business should take heart at the government's new tax laws.
小商业看到政府的新税法应该接受心。
take heart:接受心
It was a tame book and he soon fell asleep over it.
那是一本驯服的书，不久他就趴在书上睡着了。
tame:驯服
Be careful, that girl is a real tease, she's the town heart-breaker.
小心，那是一个爱真正的开玩笑的女孩，她是镇上专伤男人心的人。
a real tease:真正的开玩笑
The actress was so temperamental that many people refused to work with her.
那位女演员那么天性，许多人都拒绝和她合作。
so temperamental:那么天性
The young tennis player definitely had the edge on his older opponent.
这个年轻的网球运动员显然比那个年纪大的对手有是的边缘上.
had the edge on:有是的边缘上
We were kept on tenterhooksfor hours while the judges were deciding the winners.
我们在等待裁判员裁决出优胜者，几个小时上泰特霍克斯.
on tenterhooksfor:上泰特霍克斯
The tightrope walker had us on tenterhooks until her reached the safety of the other side.
在那位走钢丝者安全到达另一边前，我们都一直有我们上毛毛虫。
had us on tenterhooks:有我们上毛毛虫
He eased himself along the ledge to reach the terrified boy.
他小心翼翼地沿著突出的檐向那惊恐的男孩靠近。
terrified:惊恐
Since he escaped from gaol, Tom has been living on a razor's edge, terrified of recapture.
汤姆越狱后，时时如惊恐，生怕再次被捕.
terrified:惊恐
Sharon and Terry have been going out (together) for six weeks.
沙伦和特里两人去出去已经有六个星期了.
going out:去出去
They just want to be told they're the best, the greatest.
他们只想别人把他们说成是最棒的作者、个个都是是的最伟大的。
the greatest:是的最伟大的
The travel has acquainted us with the customs of other lands.
这次旅行使我们了解了其他土地上的是的海关的其他土地。
the customs of other lands:是的海关的其他土地
Since the two main parties each won the same number of seats, the minority party holds the balance of power.
由於两个主要政党都赢得了相同数量的席位，因此作为少数派的政党居於持有是的平衡的力量的地位。
holds the balance of power:持有是的平衡的力量
The shops were crowded, for it was near the National Day.
国庆节将临，因此商店里是拥挤，人来人往。
were crowded:是拥挤
The net result of the long police investigation is that the identity of the killer is still a complete mystery.
警方经长时间调查，结果凶手的身分仍完成神秘.
a complete mystery:完成神秘
On October 31,1938 the radio inadvertently warned the people of a Martian invasion of New Jersey.
1938年10月31日，电台无意地地警告人们说，火星人要侵入新泽西州。
inadvertently:无意地
I still think the boss was thick-skinned for firing that worker.
我仍然认为老板辞退那个工人，真是厚皮。
thick-skinned:厚皮
She was thrilled with terror when she saw the scene of the murder.
她看到凶杀现场时，吓得很兴奋与恐怖。
thrilled with terror:很兴奋与恐怖
The business of the company has been ticking over for some time.
这家公司的生意已很久拍拍以上了。
ticking over:拍拍以上
Dolly, all your things are in a muddle, tidy up your room.
多丽，你的东西在混乱,，收拾收拾房间。
in a muddle,:在混乱,
A speech or piece of writing characterized by strong feeling or expression; a tirade.
坚固感觉或表达;的长篇坚固感觉或表达;的长篇演说或文章；长篇的弹劾性演说
strong feeling or expression;:坚固感觉或表达;
Book early if you want to be sure of a seat.
要想是肯定有个座位，那就早订座.
be sure:是肯定
To sum up, only when strict punishment can be imposed on the lawless, can social stability be maintained.
总之，唯有当严格惩罚加之于违法之徒时，才能维持社会安定。
strict punishment:严格惩罚
Never mind the tortuous explanation; tell me in plain English, are you coming or not?
别曲折的地解释了，直率地告诉我，你来不来？
tortuous:曲折的
I was shocked by the news of the tragic death of his twin brother.
听到他的孪生兄弟悲惨死亡，我大为震惊。
tragic death:悲惨死亡
She was in a transport of delight at the good news.
她听到这好消息在运输的喜悦。
in a transport of delight:在运输的喜悦
Now that I'm 90, I find the exertions of travelling too great.
我已经年届90，出远门已是的努力。
the exertions:是的努力
I waited for the results in a state of some trepidation.
我有些在状态的一些恐慌地等待着结果。
in a state of some trepidation:在状态的一些恐慌
How could you turn a deaf ear to her requests for help?
你怎么能对她的请求帮助转动聋人耳朵呢？
turn a deaf ear:转动聋人耳朵
You're not being paid to twiddle your thumbs all day, you know!
给你工钱不是让你整天旋转你的拇指，明白吗!.
twiddle your thumbs:旋转你的拇指
The city was under siege, How could they helplessly wait for death?
下面围攻，岂能束手待毙？
under siege:下面围攻
The city was under siege, How could they helplessly wait for death?
兵临城下，岂能无助地等待为死亡？
helplessly wait for death:无助地等待为死亡
Under the pressure of the urgent circumstances, he had to resign.
在紧急情况的逼迫下，他只好辞职。
urgent circumstances:紧急情况
It's impossible to remain unmoved by her reports of the famine.
任何人对她报道的饥荒情况都不可能留下无动。
remain unmoved:留下无动
In the holiday season one finds the trains unpleasantly full of people.
节日期间，人们可以看到火车上拥挤不堪，完全的人。
full of people:完全的人
It seemed unthinkable that he should have done such a wicked thing.
他竟干出这样的坏事，真令人不可思议。
unthinkable:不可思议
One, such as a person or an object, that is bulky, clumsy, or unwieldy.
大个子，庞大庞大、笨拙或不灵便的（人或物体）
bulky:庞大
In spite of all the criticism he received, he kept a stiff upper lip and said nothing.
尽管他受到很多的批评，但他仍然保留僵硬上层唇，没有说什么。
kept a stiff upper lip:保留僵硬上层唇
You are expected to answer the call with immediate actions and not with vacillation.
希望大家闻风而动，不要与振荡。
with vacillation:与振荡
From the vantage point of a window seat, you can survey the slums.
从靠窗座位你可以调查是的贫民窟俯瞰贫民窟。
survey the slums:调查是的贫民窟
The birds sang for them and for them the stars shone, and the whole verdant valley, teeming with richness and increase, gave up its odorous vapors.
小鸟为他们歌唱，群星为他们闪烁、绿树林的山谷到处呈现出丰饶与生机，散发着香喷喷的雾气。
verdant:绿树林
He became a champion at last in virtue of his perseverance.
凭着坚持不懈的精神，他终于成为冠军。
perseverance:坚持不懈
The vision of the table loaded with food made our mouths water.
看见桌上堆满了食物使我们所作的我们的口水。
made our mouths water:所作的我们的口水
They doctored her fruit juice with vodka and she got very drunk.
他们在她喝的果汁里搀入了伏特加酒致使她有非常醉汉.
got very drunk:有非常醉汉
He talked of his trip to HongKong in a cheerful voice.
他愉快地谈了他的香港之行。
cheerful:愉快
A person who makes elaborate, fraudulent, and often voluble claims to skill or knowledge; a quack or fraud.
假内行，庸医，骗子精心制作或制造欺骗的人，而且对自己的技术或知识常常详细的的人；江湖医生或骗子
elaborate:详细的
You must stop visiting that woman; tongues are beginning to wag.
你不能再去看望那女人了;人们已经瓦格了。
wag:瓦格
He threw himself upon his back and wallowed at my feet.
他昏昏欲睡在我的英尺地倒下去，在我脚边打滚。
wallowed at my feet:昏昏欲睡在我的英尺
Her mind seemed to be wandering and she didn't recognize us.
她好像漫步，没认出我们来.
wandering:漫步
The son was so captivated with the woman that he didn't heed his parents' warnings.
儿子为这个女人那么被囚禁，全然不顾他父母的告诫。
so captivated:那么被囚禁
The son was so captivated with the woman that he didn't heed his parents' warnings.
儿子为这个女人神魂颠倒，没有注意他父母的告诫。
didn't heed:没有注意
In his flay, he screwed up her letter and threw it into the wastepaper basket.
他在他的弗莱，把她写来的信揉成一团，扔进了废纸篓。
In his flay:在他的弗莱
She left home to escape the pressure to conform to her family's way of life.
她左家以求摆脱她家生活方式对她的束缚.
left home:左家
He always tries to bluster his way out of difficult situations.
他总是布莱斯特他的路面以摆脱困境.
bluster his way:布莱斯特他的路面
The sound of the careless passage of the jungle wayfarer come to the ear of the animal.
丛林里旅人粗心穿过的声音传到了动物的耳里。
careless:粗心
The store sells big ones, small ones, medium ones, or what have you.
无论是大、中、小等等号码，这家商店或什么?有你。
or what have you:或什么?有你
He is vague as may be; writing in what is called the "soaped-pig" fashion.
他总是含糊至极，写出的东西可谓“模糊”。
vague:模糊
The last we heard of him, he was still whoring after the pleasure of evil living.
我们最后听到有关他的消息时，他还在是的喜悦的邪恶生活过着淫荡生活。
the pleasure of evil living:是的喜悦的邪恶生活
The criminal is unpardonably wicked, by comparison, all other criminals are virtuous.
这个罪犯真是无可原谅邪恶，相比之下，其他罪犯还算有点良心。
unpardonably wicked:无可原谅邪恶
On a wild night our regiment took the fort by surprise.
在一个野生动物之夜，我团出其不意地攻占了那个要塞。
wild:野生动物
All her wiles were not enough to persuade them to sell the property.
她威爾斯也未能打动他们卖掉物业.
wiles:威爾斯
It's going to be hard work but we'll win through in the end.
那将是艰巨的工作，不过历经很困难工作后我们最后会取得胜利的。
hard work:很困难工作
Let's not waste a precious second on wishful thinking or useless regrets.
我们不要将宝贵的时间浪费在希望思考或作无谓的惋惜上。
wishful thinking:希望思考
She won the competition and won't stop crowing (over her rivals / her rivals' failure).
她在比赛中获得了胜利，（在对手面前）简直 crowing.
crowing:crowing
The student of astronomy is lost in wonder at the multitude and the distance of the stars.
这位天文学学生对星辰之繁多和距离之遥远在惊奇。
in wonder:在惊奇
We shouldn't complain about being poor many families are much worse off (than we are).
我们不应该因为穷而抱怨--许多人的家境（比起我们来）还要糟得多呢。
complain:抱怨
The car will soon go to wrack and ruin standing out in all kinds of weather.
汽车暴露于外任凭破裂及毁坏日晒，很快就会报废的。
wrack and ruin:破裂及毁坏
He wrinkled his brow, confused and worried by the strange events.
他皱著眉头，觉得这些怪事奇怪又十分担心。
strange:奇怪
You shouldn't treat the newspapers as if they were Holy Writ.
你不应该把报上说的话圣書寫。
Holy Writ:圣書寫
Were you frightened by that bull ?Frightened ?You bet I was; I was scared out of skin!
那头公牛把你吓坏了吧？吓坏了？的确是吓坏了；我被吓得出去的皮肤了！
out of skin:出去的皮肤
In the selection the lecturer neglected the negligible negative reflection on the election.
在选集中演讲者忽视了对选举的微不足道的消极反思。
negligible:微不足道
If you wanted me to go why didn't you say so in plain English instead of making vague hints?
你想叫我走，为什麽制造模糊提示而不直说?
making vague hints:制造模糊提示
We admired his intellectual providence to acquire vast stores of dry information.
我们钦佩他收集大量原始资料的知识分子预言。
intellectual providence:知识分子预言
His first novel was a flash in the pan, and he hasn't written anything decent since.
他的第一部小说如闪电在是的火锅，此后他再没写出像样的东西。
flash in the pan:闪电在是的火锅
The headmaster decided to make an example of the pupil and expel him from the school.
校长决定开除该生做一个例如。
make an example:做一个例如
The scientific research personnel who held the post without qualification must be transferred to another post.
必须把没有资格的科研人员调到其他工作岗位上去。
without qualification:没有资格
But devising incentives to encourage people to save more is a high priority, and the officials said they wanted to explore approaches that would not make much of a dent in Federal revenues, at least for some years.
但是制订鼓励人们储蓄奖励办法是高优先级，官员们说他们想要寻求不致过分影响联邦岁入的办法，至少几年之内不致影响。
a high priority:高优先级
Her fame has reached the most far-flung corners of the globe.
她已已到达是的大多数遥远的角的是的地球。。
reached the most far-flung corners of the globe.:已到达是的大多数遥远的角的是的地球。
The famine is so bad, aid can only scratch the surface.
饥荒十分严重，援助也只是划痕是的表面。
scratch the surface:划痕是的表面
The achievements of an athlete and a writer are not comparable.
运动员的成就与作家的成就不能可比的。
comparable:可比的
The club faced bankruptcy until a wealthy local businessman bailed them out.
俱乐部那时眼看就要破产，后来本地有位富商保释他们出去，才摆脱困境。
bailed them out:保释他们出去
She turned a deaf ear to our warnings and got lost.
她对我们的警告转动聋人耳朵，结果迷失了方向。
turned a deaf ear:转动聋人耳朵
His formal clothes made him the odd one out in the club.
他衣冠楚楚，在俱乐部中如所作的他是的奇特一个出去。
made him the odd one out:所作的他是的奇特一个出去
The problem may not arise, but there's no harm in keeping our powder dry.
问题不一定会发生，但有不伤害在保持并无害处.
there's no harm in keeping:有不伤害在保持
Sincere congratulations on your son wedding please convey our best wish.
令郎婚礼谨此致以诚挚的祝贺并请转达最美好的祝愿。
wedding:婚礼
She looked up from her exam paper with a worried frown.
她看完自己的试卷担心 frown地抬起头来。
a worried frown:担心 frown
In the summer, tourists flock to the museums and art galleries.
夏季游人群落到博物馆和艺术馆参观。
flock:群落
A jewel fell off her ring and she could find neither hide nor hair of it.
一颗宝石从她的戒指上脱落了，她四下找，却找到没有隐藏也头发的它。
find neither hide nor hair of it:找到没有隐藏也头发的它
I do wish he wouldn't condescend to the junior staff in his department.
我但愿他不要假惺惺地傲慢接近部门里的低级员工.
condescend:傲慢
She was such a prude that she was even embarrassed by the sight of naked children.
她正经得出了格，甚至见了裸体的孩子也难为情。
naked:裸体
The party organization is moving into top gear as the election approaches.
随着选举临近，党组织的活动也移动进入顶部齿轮。
moving into top gear:移动进入顶部齿轮
College students are not happy about the decline of job opportunities waiting for them when they graduate.
大学生们对其毕业后就业机会的减少感到不快乐。
not happy:不快乐
The flow of TV and cable channels that will allow individuals to access a revolutionary variety of entertainment, news, communications, home-shopping, etc.
电视和电讯通道的信息传输，这些信息通道让个人获得大量的娱乐、新闻、通讯服务和在家购物等，其种类令人品种。
variety:品种
The officer warmed the man to drop his gun or “end up in a body bag. ”
警察警告那人放下武器，否则结束高在身体袋子。
end up in a body bag:结束高在身体袋子
'First-class hotel' was a complete misnomer for the tumbledown farmhouse we stayed in.
把我们住的那个是的倒塌的村舍称作｀一流旅馆＇，纯粹是乱用词语。
the tumbledown:是的倒塌
He did not easily mix with others, with the result that on most social occasions he was the old man out.
他不善于同他人相处，因而在多数社交场合中他总是出去的。
out:出去
I'd say there is gentle move away from the simple to the baroque.
我认为，由“淡雅古朴”逐渐变为“从是的简单到是的巴洛克风格”。
from the simple to the baroque:从是的简单到是的巴洛克风格
The young girl violinist outshone (ie was much better than) all the other competitors.
那年轻姑娘演奏小提琴使所有的竞争者傲慢.
outshone:傲慢
That father can't discipline himself, much less set a good example for his children to follow.
那位父亲不能纪律自己，更不用说做孩子的榜样了。
discipline himself:纪律自己
The multiplication of numbers has made our club building too small.
会员的增加使得我们的俱乐部所作的我们的俱乐部建筑也小。
made our club building too small:所作的我们的俱乐部建筑也小
I get very nostalgic when I watch these old musicals on TV.
我从电视中看到这些旧音乐影片，怀旧之情获得.
get:获得
Mr. Hunter kept his eyes nailed on the car in front of his.
亨特先生保留他的眼睛钉在钉上地盯着他的前面一辆车子。
kept his eyes nailed:保留他的眼睛钉在钉上
It was a neck and neck horse race right down to the wire.
这次跑马赛右倒下到是的电线都胜败难分。
right down to the wire:右倒下到是的电线
A tough negotiator who had a number of cards up his sleeve.
一个拥有很多卡片高他的袖子的难以对付的谈判者
cards up his sleeve:卡片高他的袖子
Newton was so engrossed in his laboratory work that he often forgot to eat.
＂牛顿那么沉浸地在实验室工作，常常连吃饭也忘了。
so engrossed:那么沉浸
Is, as Mr. Nixon said, our prestige at an all time high?
是否如尼克松先生所说，我们的声望正一个所有时间高的高？
an all time high:一个所有时间高
It is no wonder that the children love to visit the farm.
孩子们喜欢去农场玩是不惊奇的。
no wonder:不惊奇
It seems such a pity that Noah and his party did not miss the boat.
诺亚和他的一行之能够及时上船，看来是一件非常如怜悯的事。
such a pity:如怜悯
She defeated all her rivals for the job with nonchalant ease.
她与无情轻松地击败求职的所有竞争者.
with nonchalant ease:与无情轻松
For all his years, he was none the less active and energetic.
他虽年事已高，但仍主动，精力旺盛。
active:主动
The hooting of an owl broke the silence now and again, giving Linda the creeps.
猫头鹰的叫声不时打破寂静，使琳达他爬虫。
he creeps:他爬虫
Starting from nowhere, he became a leading statesman in a few years.
他从一个无处不在几年之内成了一个大政治家。
nowhere:无处不在
This massacre is one of the towering obscenities of other time.
这次大屠杀是当今最崇高淫秽的事件之一。
towering obscenities:崇高淫秽
Humans may be able to live in the depths of the ocean some day.
一些一天人类也许能在海洋深处生活。
some day:一些一天
Uncle George got a black eye for ogling a lady in the pub.
乔治叔叔在酒店里对一女士黑眼睛而被打黑了一只眼睛。
a black eye:黑眼睛
The prairies stretch on all sides as far as the eye can see.
草原向四周伸展，如很远如是的眼睛可以看.
as far as the eye can see:如很远如是的眼睛可以看
The ocean stretched as far as they could see on all sides.
海洋十分辽阔，他们看上所有两边。无边无涯。
see on all sides.:看上所有两边。
The ocean stretched as far as they could see on all sides.
海洋十分辽阔，他们极目远眺伸展如很远如他们可以。
stretched as far as they could:伸展如很远如他们可以
He has been working here, on and off, for two years.
他在这儿上及取消工作了两年。
on and off:上及取消
She was a bit on edge till she heard he was safe.
她听到他安全才放下心来.
safe:安全
When I saw the flames I acted on instinct and threw a blanket over them.
我看见火焰时便采取行动上直觉把一张毯子扑在火焰上.
acted on instinct:采取行动上直觉
Mom has been on the run all week preparing for Tom's wedding.
母亲为准备汤姆的婚礼已经跑所有星期忙了整整一星期。
run all week:跑所有星期
He asked her to marry him on the spur of the moment.
他上是的冲动的是的那一刻之下向她求婚了。
on the spur of the moment:上是的冲动的是的那一刻
He watched the game from his perch on top of the wall.
他在墙头从他的佩尔奇上顶部的是的墙壁看比赛.
from his perch on top of the wall:从他的佩尔奇上顶部的是的墙壁
One after another rose to speak and pulled all his arguments to pieces.
他们纷纷起来发言，把他驳得拖拉所有他的论点到碎片。。
pulled all his arguments to pieces.:拖拉所有他的论点到碎片。
As the visiting team was much better, the game was one-sided.
因为客队强得多，这场比赛成为单边。
one-sided:单边
If this Administration has the unity of America within its heart, and I assume it has, it must consider, without prejudice, and with an open mind, such recommendations of the opposition.
如果政府心中有美国整体——我假设是有的——就一定会没有偏见地、胸怀坦荡地考虑反对党的这一建议。
without prejudice:没有偏见
If this Administration has the unity of America within its heart, and I assume it has, it must consider, without prejudice, and with an open mind, such recommendations of the opposition.
如果政府心中有美国整体——我假设是有的——就一定会不怀偏已地、与一个打开思绪地考虑反对党的这一建议。
with an open mind:与一个打开思绪
She thought that the Open University course would be easy, but now has to admit that she's out of her depth.
她原以为开放大学课程会很容易的，但现在不得不承认她出去的她深度。
out of her depth:出去的她深度
The book's opening is dull, but the last chapters are interesting.
那本书的开始部分沉闷，但最后几章很有意思。
dull:沉闷
One who conforms to the prevailing ways and opinions of one's time or condition for personal advantage; an opportunist.
符合到是的占主导地位方法的人为了个人好处而认同自己所处时期或状况中流行的方式或观念的人；机会主义者
conforms to the prevailing ways:符合到是的占主导地位方法
He has so organized his life that his wife suspects nothing.
他把生活安排得那么有组织，为的是不让妻子有任何怀疑.
so organized:那么有组织
The speaker seems to have no original ideas; his speech was full of platitudes.
＂演讲人似乎没有什么独到的见解，他的讲话充满了不原文想法。
no original ideas:不原文想法
Her head is out of proportion to the size of her body.
她的头部与身体大小出去的比例。
out of proportion:出去的比例
Our policies are getting outdated and need revising, but to try to swap horses in mid-stream might be dangerous.
我们的政策渐渐过时了，必须要修改，但是中途交换马在中流可能是危险的。
swap horses in mid-stream:交换马在中流
How Harry came into the possession of this outlandish stuff makes an interesting story which he is fond of relating.
哈里如何得到这种这个野蛮物料的东西，是一个他津津乐道的有趣的故事。
this outlandish stuff:这个野蛮物料
During the negotiations the opposing faction had us over a barrel.
在谈判中，那个对抗的派别使我们以上桶
over a barrel:以上桶
The bus was already overcrowded but they were still packing people in.
公共汽车已经过度拥挤了，可是他们还在让乘客挤进来。
overcrowded:过度拥挤
If you move to a smaller office you will reduce your overheads.
搬到小一些的办公室可以减少你的额外费用.
reduce your overheads:减少你的额外费用
She was overjoyed to hear about the arrival of the baby.
她听说婴儿出生而非常高兴.
overjoyed:非常高兴
Please answer my questions quickly and properly, not palter with them.
请马上准备回答我的问题，不要帕特尔。
palter:帕特尔
Before he reached the top, he was already sweating and panting.
他还没有爬到山顶就已经浑身出汗， pnting了。
panting:pnting
It is a paradox that in such a rich country there should be so many poor people.
在这么一个富有的国家中竟有这么多穷人，真是矛盾。
a paradox:矛盾
He was so absorbed in thought that he ran against a passerby.
他那么吸收地想心事，以至于和一个行人撞了个满怀。
so absorbed:那么吸收
At those words of mine he broke into a violent passion.
他听了我说的那些话便破裂进入暴力激情。
broke into a violent passion:破裂进入暴力激情
The problem is that in managing a career in real time, where you have to make important decisions without all of the facts, cookbook rules are simply not effective.
问题是，经营事业生涯需要管理职业在真正的时间，必须在缺乏事实资料的情形下，作出重大决策，因此，像食谱般照本宣科的规则根本行不通。
managing a career in real time:管理职业在真正的时间
Mr Bogdanor, an Oxford don and long a toiler in the constitutional vineyard, is a man with a mission.
博格达诺先生是牛津大学的一名讲师，长期在宪法研究方面长劳工，使命感强烈。
long a toiler:长劳工
In the UK the business schools at the universities of Oxford and Cambridge have taken a similar stance, and Henley will follow this lead.
在英国，牛津和剑桥大学的商学院也采用了类似做法，而亨利学院也将被采纳类似立场。
taken a similar stance:被采纳类似立场
Business studies — a mixture of law, accountancy and practical French — were taught at Oxford as early as the 13th century, arousing the same sniffy response from some of the dons as they do today.
早在13世纪牛津就开始教商学了，那是一个结合了法律、会计和实用法语的学科，和现在一样，许多教员对这种学科引起是的同样的臭答复。
arousing the same sniffy response:引起是的同样的臭答复
Today, whenever you mutter your usual reminders about cleaning the closet, learning to tango, or finding a new job / boyfriend / oven thermometer, make a note of it on a piece of paper.
今天，不论你什么时候要mutter一些平日里提醒自己打扫壁橱、学探戈舞、或找新工作/男友/烤箱温度计的话，那么将它记录在一张纸上。
mutter:mutter
I want to learn from you, face and ignore all of the gossip.
还是我要向你学习，无视一切，勇敢面对一切是的闲话。
the gossip:是的闲话
The difference between a languishing nation and one that will flourish, is the recognition that we need equal access to education for both boys and girls.
一个衰败的国家与一个繁荣的国家之间的区别在于是否认识到男孩与女孩之间应该有平等受教育的机会。
flourish:繁荣
The boys procured some twine and borrowed a lure from their unsuspecting father, a three-inch metal spoon which they attached upside down and then threw into the water a few yards behind their boat.
男孩们取得了些细绳并从他们那不怀疑的父亲处借到了一些饵料，他们用饵料包裹一块三英寸长的金属勺并把它投入船后几码外的水中。
unsuspecting:不怀疑
is the girl smokes a kind of vogue abandon oneself to vice still?
女孩子抽烟到是一种时尚还是放弃自己到恶意？
abandon oneself to vice:放弃自己到恶意
It seems that it is madder never to abandon oneself, than often to be infatuated;
从不放任自己去爱比经常迷恋上某个人更加是迷恋；
be infatuated:是迷恋
To ignore the new historical conditions is to cut things off from their historical context, to divorce oneself from reality, and to abandon dialectics for metaphysics.
那种否定新的历史条件的观点，就是割断历史，切断一些事情取消从他们历史上下文，搞形而上学，就是违反辩证法。
cut things off from their historical context:切断一些事情取消从他们历史上下文
But it has been interpreted to mean that they must abide by every footing wildlife regulation on earth.
但是它被解释成他们必须遵守地球上每一项有关底部的野生动物的法规。
footing:底部
It also damaged America's sense of itself as a virtuous country, so benevolent and well-intentioned that it does not have to abide by global rules.
美国一向摆出一副美德的面孔，凌驾于国际准则之上，然而伊拉克战争也使得美国人在道义上的优越感不复存在。
virtuous:美德
A bit of unindulged sexual tension in an office is a godsend.
办公室里一些无情的的异性吸引力是天赐之福。
unindulged:无情的
Some of the curator's choices seem a bit odd and the written descriptions, which add little, are occasionally heavy-handed.
馆长的一些选择似乎有些比特奇特，他附注的说明文字增色甚少，而且有时言不达意。
a bit odd:比特奇特
Now, drawing on new insights, theories, measurements and technologies — and perhaps a bit of scientific bravado — they are forecasting the shape of terra firma in the distant future.
现在，凭藉新的洞见、论、量和技术，以及也许再加上一点科学上的布拉瓦多，他们正在预测遥远的未来陆地的形貌。
bravado:布拉瓦多
Now that we have become alive to all this, we should have confidence in ourselves and improve our work.
懂得这一点，我们倒要有自信地好好地做工作。
have confidence:有自信
If you try to win someone with witty conversation you are likely to end up all alone.
如果你想凭聪明谈话来赢得对方的好感，很有可能会落得孤单的下场。
witty conversation:聪明谈话
When 3 of the guys left and one was all alone, I seen a complete change in his actions.
当有3个人离开后，只剩下一个人，我看到他的举动完成改变在他的行动。
a complete change in his actions:完成改变在他的行动
Actually, news is a commodity which involves anxious managerial concern all along the way.
事实上，新闻是一种商品，自始至终都有人要焦急地操纵它。
anxious:焦急
Although the capitalist world system is in powerful position all along, its decline is inevitable, and probably will touch off big upheaval.
虽然资本主义世界体系一直处于强势地位，但其衰落不可避免的，并有可能引发大的动乱。
inevitable:不可避免的
Islands are scattered all along China's coastline like stars in the sky.
中国沿海岛屿星星在是的天空。
stars in the sky:星星在是的天空
Although each teacher in training memorizes Piaget's four stages of childhood development (sensorimotor, preoperational, concrete operational, formal operational), the better part of Piaget's work is less well known, perhaps because schools of ed
尽管每一个受训的教师记住了皮雅杰关于儿童发展的四个阶段（感觉阶段、前期预备阶段、具体操作阶段、正式操作阶段）的理论，但皮雅杰著作更精妙的部分却是少好的已知，也许是因为师范学校认为它对教师而言"太深奥"了吧。
is less well known:是少好的已知
an experienced teacher will demonstrate some well-tried practical techniques that have been found to work in the classroom.
一名有经验的老师将示范一些在课堂上发现的已熟知的的实用的方法。
well-tried:已熟知的
She carried her heroism to the pitch of knitting socks for the forthcoming baby, although to do so made her heart palpitate uncomfortably.
她带有她英雄主义地为即将出生的婴儿编织袜子，虽然做这件事也使得她的心不安地突突狂跳。
carried her heroism:带有她英雄主义
She had had a great doubt and terror lest Arthur should not know her, but that pang was spared to her, in part at least.
她本来毫无把握，恐怖，怕亚瑟认不出她，结果这种忧虑是多余的，至少并不那么严重。
terror:恐怖
Each man was in a state of panic as to whether the others were doing more work than himself.
每个人都在状态的恐慌，生怕别人干得比自己多。
in a state of panic:在状态的恐慌
Once or twice, I recall, I experienced a moment of fear and it was fear bordering on panic.
我回想起有一两次我感受到片刻的恐惧，这是几乎到了恐惧的程度的恐惧。
fear:恐惧
The obsession with Soviet intentions causes the West to be smug during periods of detente and panicky during crisis.
由于对苏联的竭力纠缠不清，使得西方在缓和时期。迷恋，在危机时期又惊慌失措。
The obsession:。迷恋
The obsession with Soviet intentions causes the West to be smug during periods of detente and panicky during crisis.
由于对苏联的竭力纠缠不清，使得西方在缓和时期沾沾自喜，在危机时期又恐慌。
panicky:恐慌
Much of my own time was spent with unhappy, nearly panicky, colleagues.
我得耗费大量时间对付心情抑郁，近乎恐慌,的同事。
panicky,:恐慌,
This was a self-help program that made the president less panicky about escaping in case of fire or enemy attack.
这是个自助的计划，要使总统在一旦发生火灾敌人进攻时，对于逃走不会那么少恐慌。
less panicky:少恐慌
The panorama of color and action which fills the world is taken for granted.
大千世界中的。望远镜的颜色千变万化的景象被人看作是理所当然的。
The panorama of color:。望远镜的颜色
The panorama of color and action which fills the world is taken for granted.
大千世界中的五光十色千变万化的景象被人看作是是被采纳为给予的的。
is taken for granted:是被采纳为给予的
"These paddles can pull me through the water real fast," Ben panted.
“这些桨确实能够帮我游得更快。”本佩特德地说。
panted:佩特德
At the end of twenty minutes he dropped down panting, and about exhausted.
过二十分钟，他就吁吁带喘地倒在地下，几乎疲惫不堪。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
He looks all right, but his shirts and pants need cleaning.
他看上去所有右，只是他的衬衫和裤子该洗了。
all right:所有右
I singed a paper when I took the money, not feeling concerned about it at all.
我收钱时签了一个字据，当时我根本没有把它关切关于它。
concerned about it:关切关于它
The whole wealth so swiftly gathered in the paper values of pervious years vanished.
在以前的年月中很快积累得来的表现为票面价值的全部财富消失。
vanished:消失
Hindu and Arab venturesomeness brought arithmetic and algebra to the fore once again and placed it almost on a par with geometry.
印度人和阿拉伯人的闯劲把算术和代数又一次提高到几乎和几何置于它几乎上帕尔的地位。
placed it almost on a par:置于它几乎上帕尔
When the superior money has disappeared, the situation becomes very paradoxical.
当较优越的货币消失时，情况便变得有点矛盾的了。
paradoxical:矛盾的
To speak paradoxically, the existence of insignificant people has very important consequences in the world.
说来似乎近于怪论，天地间那些微不足道之人往往产生万分重大的影响。
insignificant:微不足道
At least she is a paragon with her feet on the ground.
她至少是一个与她英尺上是的地面的特殊人物。
with her feet on the ground:与她英尺上是的地面
The point is that while we have selected Carlson, he is by no means unique, and many well-managed firms parallel his example.
问题是我们已经选择了卡尔森，他决不是唯一的，许多管理出色的公司与他的例子平行。
parallel:平行
Host resistance and fungal virulence parallel each other in the cross.
寄生的抗病性的病原菌的毒力在杂交中是平行每个其他的。
parallel each other:平行每个其他
In some regions the types of mental and physical destitution were without parallel.
在有些地区里，精神上和物质上的贫乏的情况是没有平行的。
without parallel:没有平行
Again we were paralyzed in 1968 when the Prague uprising was crushed.
1968年，当布拉格起义被粉碎的时候，我们又一次是瘫痪。
were paralyzed:是瘫痪
The water rat, paralysed and string, saw at last a distant speck on the white surface of the road.
水老鼠瘫痪，木然远望，终于看见一个小斑点出现在远方洁白的路面上。
paralysed:瘫痪
It hardly was credible that such a heavenly light could be the parent of such a diabolical sound.
这样一直落自天穹的闪光竟会引起如此可信的的声响，简直有些令人难以置信。
credible:可信的
Why, Mrs. Piper has a good deal to say, chiefly in parentheses and without punctuation, but not much to tell.
当然罗，派珀尔太太有许多话要说，可是，主要是些东拉西扯，没有标记的话，而没有什么内容。
without punctuation:没有标记
During most of the journey Celia reconstructed the day's events, especially her own part in them.
归途中，大部分时间西莉亚都在回忆白天发生的事情，特别是自己的自有部分在他们。
own part in them:自有部分在他们
Graf took the better part of the year to climb to No .1 in women's tennis.
格拉芙接受是的更好部分，登上了本年度女子网球赛冠军的宝座。
took the better part:接受是的更好部分
Government will do, is doing and will continue to do its part.
政府将是做及意志继续地尽自己的责任。
is doing and will continue:是做及意志继续
It would be a sin on your part to abandon science.
抛弃科学对你来说将会罪恶。
a sin:罪恶
In 1889 Chicago had the peculiar qualification of growth which made such adventuresome pilgrimages even on the part of young girls plausible.
1889年，芝加哥显示着增长的生气，即使是年轻的姑娘也敢于冒险到这里来，试一试命。
growth:增长
The Queen had for long been hunted by a terror that the day might come when she would be obliged to part with her Minister.
女王早就猎人以恐怖，生怕有那么一天她不得不同她的首相分手。
hunted by a terror:猎人以恐怖
He immediately partook of his mother's anxiety and fell into a great flutter.
他立即分担了他母亲的焦虑，陷入一种极端伟大的颤抖之中。
a great flutter:伟大的颤抖
Mrs. Rachael was too good to feel any emotion at parting.
雷彻尔夫人这人太好了，临别时居然能也好的到感觉任何情感。
too good to feel any emotion:也好的到感觉任何情感
Ervin, for all his affected distraction and homely manner, was a sharp, resourceful and intensely partisan political animal.
尽管欧文装出一副分散注意力和貌不惊人的样子，但他却是一个敏锐，机智，而且极有门户之见的政治动物。
distraction:分散注意力
Ervin, for all his affected distraction and homely manner, was a sharp, resourceful and intensely partisan political animal.
尽管欧文装出一副满不在乎和在家礼貌的样子，但他却是一个敏锐，机智，而且极有门户之见的政治动物。
homely manner:在家礼貌
Ervin, for all his affected distraction and homely manner, was a sharp, resourceful and intensely partisan political animal.
尽管欧文装出一副满不在乎和貌不惊人的样子，但他却是一个敏锐，机智，而且极有聪明的政治动物。
resourceful:聪明
A very different type of block is that used for building the internal partitions between rooms.
另一种与上述非常不同的块体是用来建造房间之间内隔墙的砌块。
very different:非常不同
In anti-U-boat warfare the air weapon was now an equal partner with the surface ship.
在反潜艇战中，空中的武器现在已和水面的舰艇等于搭档。
equal partner:等于搭档
The thanks, the humility, the gratitude, the surprise of Mrs. Quiverful had been very overpowering.
奎瓦富太太的谦恭，惊讶与是的感激实在叫人受不了。
the gratitude:是的感激
Every man, especially those that are overprovident, is in estate like that of Promethus.
每一个人，特别是那种过剩的人，永远处在普罗米修斯所处的那样一种境地。
overprovident:过剩
The Negro quarter around 135th Street, New York, was overrun with fortune tellers and witch doctors.
在纽约135号街区周围的黑人区，占卜师和巫医超时。
overrun:超时
For the cumulative impact of sensory, cognitive or decisional overstimulation, creates sickness in our midst.
因为在感觉、知觉、和抉择上累积的超刺激的冲击，已经在我们中间酿成了疾病。
cumulative:累积
It was well known that the most flattering overtures had been transmitted to the Duke from the court of St Germains.
圣杰曼斯宫廷向公爵提出过夸张的建议，这也是尽人皆知的。
flattering:夸张
It was well known that the most flattering overtures had been transmitted to the Duke from the court of St Germains.
圣杰曼斯宫廷向公爵提出过阿谀奉承的建议，这也是它是好的已知的。
It was well known:它是好的已知
It was because he had not overturned the earth to take his daughter away from a woman who did not love her.
就因为他没有去翻覆是的地球，去把他的女儿从一个不爱她的女人手里夺回来。
overturned the earth:翻覆是的地球
He overwhelmed us with information and let us draw the wrong conclusion.
他向我们提供大量情报，使我们被压倒，得出错误的结论。
overwhelmed:被压倒
Zefter reeled as if she were intoxicated, overwhelmed by the clamor and congestion.
泽弗特尔摇摇晃晃地走着，好象喝醉了酒似的。她已经被嘈杂的声音和拥挤的人群闹得被压倒了。
overwhelmed:被压倒
The derelict farm would be plowed one last time, then sown with disappearing and all but unknown prairie seeds, and left to be.
废弃的农场将最后一次接受翻梨，然后被撒上行将绝迹的、几乎叫不上名字的草原种子，随后就左到是了。
left to be:左到是
Judy, I have some big news for you! / Yes? I am all ears.
朱迪，我有一些重大消息告诉你。/说吧，我正所有耳朵呢。
all ears:所有耳朵
All eyes turned to the woman, who, just minutes before, had been crying over the money she'd lost.
所有人的目光都投向了这位妇女，就在几分钟前，她还在为自己丢了钱而哭泣呢。
crying:哭泣
Suddenly the murmuring stopped and all eyes turned to their favorite and most skillful storyteller.
突然，尖叫的声音停止了，屋里所有人的目光都转向了他们最喜欢和最擅长讲故事的人。
murmuring:尖叫
At the end of the race Li Lei was all in.
在赛跑结束时李雷感到所有在了。
all in:所有在
She explained it all in a matter of fact, offhand, neutral way.
她以就是论事，随随便便，中性路面的口气做了解释。
neutral way:中性路面
The little that she said was all in lamentation of this inevitable delay.
她所说的。很小那她说，全是哀叹这迫不得已的耽延。
The little that she said:。很小那她说
The little that she said was all in lamentation of this inevitable delay.
她所说的寥寥数语，全是哀叹这不可避免的的耽延。
inevitable:不可避免的
All in the eyes: Men accused of being superficial are just following long-held survival instincts, say scientists.
科学家们表示，实验结果表面：男人们被批评过于肤浅的行为只是追随长期以来的生存本能。
superficial:表面
Now arrived the abbot and several hundred monks and nuns, all drawn by the prodigious smoke, and all in a grand state of excitement.
这时候，方丈和好几百僧民都来到了，全都被那不可思议的黑烟吸引来的，也全都兴奋得了不得。
prodigious:不可思议
And while economic growth has slowed, it is still running at over 4% a year, while the neighbours are all in or teetering close to recession.
尽管经济增长缓慢，但是印尼经济每年仍有超过4%的增长率，而印尼的邻国们的经济状况都在衰退或者处于衰退中。
recession:衰退
Such formidable accounts of her ladyship, and her manner of living, quite frightened Maria Lucas, who had been little used to company, and she looked forward to her introduction at Rosings with as much apprehension, as her father had done to his presen
玛丽亚·卢卡斯听说她老人家的为人处事这样可怕，不由得吓了一跳，因为她一向不大会应酬。她一想起要到罗新斯去拜望，就很多恐吓，正如她父亲当年进宫觐见一样。
much apprehension:很多恐吓
All of a sudden, a tiger appeared from a distance, running towards them.
突然，远方出现一只老虎，正朝他们正在运行。
running:正在运行
It takes decades for a country to grow up to a certain level, and all of a sudden it disappears.
一个国家要发展到一定的水平需要几十年的时间，而这一切突然之间就消失了。
disappears:消失
Yes, the sanctity of the A Class shares will remain, but all of a sudden Berkshire Hathaway will count thousands to millions of new shareholders and may even snag inclusion in the S & P 500.
没错，该公司A股依然是凛然留下，但突然之间，伯克希尔将会有成千上万的新股东，甚至有可能被拒于标准普尔500指数成份股之外。
remain:留下
But gentrification remains a long way off: in Chungking, middle-aged budget travellers rub shoulders with Pakistani and Bangladeshi immigrants and African traders.
不过体面阶层离该地区还很遥远：在重庆大厦，预算的中年旅客与巴基斯坦和孟加拉移民以及非洲商人摩肩接踵。
budget:预算
But gentrification remains a long way off: in Chungking, middle-aged budget travellers rub shoulders with Pakistani and Bangladeshi immigrants and African traders.
不过体面阶层离该地区还很遥远：在重庆大厦，精打细算的中年旅客与巴基斯坦和孟加拉移民以及非洲商人磨擦肩。
rub shoulders:磨擦肩
The parties of the leave have forme a common front to fight the force of reaction.
政党的左翼组成与。聚会的是的离开斗争的统一战线。
The parties of the leave:。聚会的是的离开
He is not a common - looking man, he has an elegant, smart carriage.
他优雅，很有风度。
elegant:优雅
Abalone seashells are made up mostly of calcium carbonate but because of how abalones mix that soft material with proteins at nanoscale sizes, the shells form a nearly unbreakable armor.
鲍鱼贝主要由碳酸钙构成，但由于鲍鱼将柔软的材料与蛋白质融合，其精细程度处于纳米级，形成的贝壳成为了不可分割的保护层。
unbreakable:不可分割
Finding himself under fire from all quarters, he had no alternative but to abandon his scheme for the time being.
在这下面火焰从所有四分之一的情况下，他没有别的办法，只好暂时放弃他的计划。
under fire from all quarters:下面火焰从所有四分之一
The man shamelessly abandoned his wife and child for another woman.
那个男人无耻地抛弃了妻儿，为另一个女人。
for another woman:为另一个女人
But no sooner did I have that ambitious thought than I abandoned it in favor of the song in my head.
但是我一有这个野心的的想法就放弃它了，取而代之的是我头脑中的那首歌。
ambitious:野心的
But no sooner did I have that ambitious thought than I abandoned it in favor of the song in my head.
但是我一有这个野心勃勃的想法就放弃它了，在赞成的的是我头脑中的那首歌。
in favor of:在赞成的
Do not picture yourself as anything, and you will drift like an abandoned ship at sea.
如果不去描绘自己的未来，你就会像大海上的弃船一样漂流。
drift:漂流
The investigation eventually led the police to conduct an abrupt search at the home of a local office who was abashed when he learned of the search.
调查到最后，警察部门突然的搜查当地一名官员的家。那名官员得知要被搜查时，羞愧难当。
abrupt:突然
Nikki began to feel abashed by his praise of her beauty.
他赞美着尼基的美貌，使她羞得感觉淡淡。
feel abashed:感觉淡淡
Ellen was abashed at the thought of making a speech in front of her entire school.
爱伦一想到要在全校师生面前演讲就觉得是淡淡。
was abashed:是淡淡
He hesitated, abashed at his first attempt to use a strange word.
他犹豫不决，并因第一次试图用一个怪词而感到羞愧。
hesitated:犹豫不决
The EU has said the system has thrived on easy but environmentally dubious projects such as industrial gas abatement and that rules should be tightened.
欧盟已经表示，该系统已thrived，但环境可疑的项目如工业气体减排项目及其制度应该加强管理。
thrived:thrived
But they are no longer insisting that carbon abatement is none of their affair.
但是，它们都不再坚持碳减排没有的他们情事的说法。
none of their affair:没有的他们情事
So PETA required that web cameras should be installed immediately in every abattoir still receiving Australian cows and sheep.
因此该组织称，在所有接收澳大利亚活牛活羊的国外屠宰场安装网络摄像头已经立即。
immediately:立即
Beside the River Wye, Tintern Abbey was the richest monastic foundation in Wales. This made it a tempting prize for Henry VIII during the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
坐落在瓦伊河畔的丁登修道院是威尔士最富丽堂皇的建筑，甚至让亨利八世在解散修道院的过程中还对它诱惑。
tempting:诱惑
Monks at a Belgian abbey have been forced to stop selling their famous beer after it was voted the best in the world and was promptly sold out.
比利时一家修道院里的修道士们现已被迫停止销售他们所酿造的啤酒，因为在它被评选为世界最佳啤酒后不久，消费者便已将其是立即出售出去。
was promptly sold out:是立即出售出去
'Kung fu is Zen practice in motion,' says Shi Yongxin, the abbot of Shaolin, sitting in his office next to a sculpture of a meditating Buddha.
少林寺方丈释永信称，武术是动中悟禅。他的会客室正设在一座冥想造型的佛像旁边。
meditating:冥想
Those who are required in the new paradigm to abdicate the old thrones of power in both government and (especially) old - energy religion will not do so willingly. They will not fall without a fight.
在两种管辖之中，在新的典范当中有人需要放弃旧有的权力宝座，（尤其是）老旧能量的宗教不会有意愿这样做的，他们不会秋天没有战斗的。
fall without a fight:秋天没有战斗
The equation is clear: you are killed as you kill and abducted as you abduct, and as you damage our security we damage your security.
这个等式清楚：你们因杀人而被杀，你们因绑架他人而被绑架，你们破坏了我们的安全，我们就破坏你们的安全。
clear:清楚
While they're incapacitated, Michael and Sara abduct Christina and bundle her into the trunk of his car.
当他们无能力时，迈克尔和莎拉绑架了克里斯蒂娜，把她塞入迈克尔的车尾箱里。
incapacitated:无能力
Sylvia Amsler: This is not an unnatural, or aberrant behavior in any way, but actually has positive reproductive consequences for the males who do it.
西尔维亚•阿姆斯勒：这算不上是反常或异常行为，实际上这些雄性黑猩猩不可思议的行为有利于其自身繁殖后代。
aberrant:不可思议
He still grapples with whether his dad's attack was pre- meditated, or a momentary mental aberration.
亨利依然纠结于究竟当时父亲是有预谋的，还是一时的精神偏差。
mental aberration:精神偏差
I have learned to see the relativity of things, to abhor war, and dogmatism in any form.
我学会了以辩证的角度看待事物，学会了憎恶战争和任何形式的 dogmtism。
dogmatism:dogmtism
Smartly tailored uniforms, an abhorrence of cultural difference, and a desire for racial purity are all of a piece with fascist mysticism.
量身定做的制服，厌恶的文化差异，对种族纯洁性的渴望，都和法西斯神秘主义紧密相连。
abhorrence:厌恶
This week Americans voted in record -smashing numbers for many reasons, but one of them was an abhorrence of how their shining city ’s reputation has been tarnished.
本周美国选民的投票数量突破了历史纪录，其中原因很多，有一个就是他们对曾经辉煌无比的城市形象已然被磨损而感到愤恨。
tarnished:被磨损
But as my discourse had increased his abhorrence of the whole species, so he found it gave him a disturbance in his mind to which he was wholly a stranger before.
但是，因为我的谈话更增加它对整个“野胡”一族的厌恶，它倒觉得自己扰动起来，这种情况是它以前从来都不曾碰到过的。
disturbance:扰动
The possession of a gun is the ultimate test of individualism, and using guns in wars is not abhorrent.
(允许)持有枪械是对个人主义的终极考验、在战争中使用枪支不用感到令人厌恶；
abhorrent:令人厌恶
Torture is illegal and abhorrent under any circumstances, and we have nothing whatsoever to do with it.
在任何情况下，使用酷刑都是非法的和令人厌恶的，我们绝不会使用酷刑。
abhorrent:令人厌恶
We deeply regret that it happened, and we apologize to all the individuals who were affected by such abhorrent research practices.
对于此事的发生，我们深深地遗憾，并向所有这一丑恶研究的受害者道歉。
deeply regret:深深地遗憾
Hamas – in theory at least – says that it believes in leading by example rather than compelling people to abide by sharia law, unlike the jihadis who believe that morality should be enforced.
哈马斯——理论上他们如此——表示他们相信要领导以例如而不是强迫人们来遵守宗教法律，而不像圣战分子相信道德准则应该被强制执行。
leading by example:领导以例如
Its orderly and law- abiding people know they live on one of the most geologically violent archipelagoes on the planet.
日本人有秩序，遵纪守法，他们知道自己居住在世界上地质运动最为活跃的群岛之一。
orderly:有秩序
"In contrast to the dominant idea of Moore, we propose that he presented the body as abject, erotic, vulnerable, violated and visceral," Stephens writes.
“与人们长期对摩尔的印象不同，我们认为他呈现出一种不幸的、情欲的、脆弱的、侵犯的和内脏的本体，”斯蒂文写道。
visceral:内脏
Even the offer of US dollars in the midst of abject poverty produced only shrugs, because there was simply no food to buy.
在赤贫的环境中，就连美元也只能换来只有耸耸肩的表情，原因很简单，那里买不到任何食物。
only shrugs:只有耸耸肩
Whenever I think of man ’s abject poverty, his rot, his spreading gangrene, I am gripped by mortal despair.
每当我想到人类的卑鄙贫穷，他的腐朽，他散布的毒疽，我已被道德的绝望所攫住。
abject poverty:卑鄙贫穷
Answer: With corporations in crisis, job stability a thing of the past, social media ablaze and free and cheap tools available to everyone, this is a great time to start a business.
回答:跟着危机中的公司，工作的稳定性是过去的东西了，社会媒体燃点着每一个人，免费和廉价的工具可用，这是一个开展业务的大好时机。
available:可用
Virginia's Shenandoah Valley is ablaze with fall colors —the yellow and orange of poplars, birches, striped maples, and hickories, punctuated with the red of sugar and red maples.
弗吉尼亚州谢南多厄流域颜色的秋景 --- 火红的糖枫和红枫点缀着金黄和橙色的杨树、桦树、条纹枫树和山胡桃树。
colors:颜色
But I would like this life which moves and yearns in me, to be able itself to attain to comeliness, though but in transitory performance.
但是我宁愿这个在我身体上活动着、渴望着的生命本身能够实现些许美好，哪怕只是过渡性的表现。
transitory:过渡性
Everyone left with a great appreciation for those brave men who serve our country so ably, and the system behind it that produces such a consistent, excellent "product ."
在聚会结束时，对于那些为国家服务的勇士，还有培养出如此一致、如此卓越的“产品”的机制，所有人都非常感激。
consistent:一致
If some abnormality is found in a person's brain, the doctor's report is submitted as mitigating evidence and the defendant may be treated more leniently.
假如在某人脑中发现异常，医生的报告就会作为减罪证据提交，被告人可能获得是治疗更多宽容地。
be treated more leniently:是治疗更多宽容地
The people willingly, and without the slightest suspicion, hopped aboard two ships – women in one, men in the other.
人们自愿，没有带半点的怀疑，他们搭乘上两艘船——女人一条船，男人另外一条船。
willingly:自愿
For reasons unknown, the first floor bedroom of this otherwise nondescript abode is located in that army green truck.
不知何故，这个不描述住所的一楼卧室是在那个军绿色卡车里。
nondescript:不描述
Since we had little money, we scoured antique shops and flea markets for hidden treasures—and hauled a good deal of “junque” back to our abode.
由于有很小蒙尼，我们在古董店和跳蚤市场上淘宝——往我们的住所拖了一大堆的“垃圾”。
had little mone:有很小蒙尼
Paris was unstintingly at that time the Mecca of music and the abode of the greatest musicians.
②当时的巴黎，是无情地的音乐的麦加（Mecca），也是最伟大的音乐家们的住所。
unstintingly:无情地
Gone is the untroubled assumption that the mighty power of the A- bomb turned Japan from a fanatically suicidal nation at war to one begging for surrender.
人们曾经毫不怀疑的认为，是原子弹的伟大力量让日本从盲目的狂热地自杀性走向了跪地求饶，但现在这种观点已经过时了。
fanatically suicidal:狂热地自杀性
In the dark world of warfare, each new tool is a more effective way to harm people. The A- bomb could be the point of no return.
在战争的黑暗世界里，每一个新的工具都是更有效地杀人工具，就像原子弹那样成为一条是的点的不返回。
the point of no return:是的点的不返回
This demonstrates that she is able to excel at something, even within the confines of her meager existence and abominable sweaters, and implies potential yet untapped.
这些证明了即使在瘦弱的身形和令人憎恶的毛衣限制之下她仍能够杰出，同时也暗示了她那还没施展的潜能。
excel:杰出
Than Shwe should be held accountable for abominable atrocities: his soldiers rape ethnic women and children, they torture, mutilate and murder at will.
丹瑞应该对可恶的暴行负责：他的士兵强奸异族妇女和儿童，他们在意志地拷打、残害和谋杀受害者。
at will:在意志
Most polarising of all, in 2007 it approved a law granting women the right to abort in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy —something previously unheard of in Latin America outside Cuba.
更为极端的是，2007年他的政府通过了一项法案，允许妇女在怀孕的前12周选择堕胎，此前除了古巴，这在拉丁美洲的其他地方可说是以前不听见。
previously unheard:以前不听见
Seasoned observers point rather to the relentless campaign by the Shalit family and their many supporters as the true cause of Mr Netanyahu's about - turn.
资深观察者更愿意指出由沙利特家庭和他们的大批支持者所发动的无情的抗争运动才是内塔尼亚胡作出相关转变的真实原因。
relentless:无情
We can experience what it feels like to be another person – perhaps with a personality that would normally abrade us.
我们可以经历另外一个人的经历——也许这个人的个性和我们背叛者。
abrade:背叛者
Our 20 R&D staff stay abreast with the changing market demands and they are always ready to handle your OEM / ODM specifications.
我们20个研发人员时刻站在改变的市场前沿，并且他们总是可以很快地解决你们的关于OEM/ODM的问题。
changing:改变
There’s no question that when Steve Wynn makes such an abrupt lifestyle change, one that resonates through his entire resort empire, the world takes notice.
毫无疑问，当史蒂夫韦恩如此突然的改变其生活方式，在他的整个度假村帝国产生共振，世界为之注目。
resonates:产生共振
Brazilian Environment Minister Izabella Teixeira warned this month that "for us, it is not acceptable to go to Nagoya and not have an agreement for (the) ABS Protocol... We need a deal ."
巴西环境部长伊莎贝拉特谢拉本月警告说，“对于我们来说，如果不能就ABS协议达成协议，去名古屋参会是不能接受的...我们需要一个协议条件。”
agreement:协议
Mick said: 'We would abseil about 200ft down. As the building swayed about you were just left bouncing around on all your ropes.
Mick说道：“我们会被绳子吊着下降约200英尺，而大楼会随着风微微摇晃，你只能随着绳子跳跃四周。”
bouncing around:跳跃四周
If staying in a TV tower isn't crazy enough, you can also arrange to abseil its 100m height, an unusual proposition as there's no wall to rest your feet against.
如果你觉得呆在一个电视塔里还是不足够的疯狂，那你可以考虑计划从塔的100米的高处沿绳子滑下来——这是一个不寻常的建议，因为在那里几无休息你的英尺反对。
rest your feet against:休息你的英尺反对
She has been denounced in the state - controlled media and charged in absentia with conspiring against the State.
国家操纵的媒体曾对她进行是的被谴责，当局还曾缺席判决她犯有阴谋反国家罪。
been denounced:是的被谴责
Next, affected people become more and more absentminded and begin to display involuntary gestures, especially when under psychological or physical stress.
接著，这种病人变得愈来愈心不在焉，开始出现一些不自愿的身体姿态，特别是心理或生理具有压力时。
involuntary:不自愿
Everything else in them is nothing but absolutism, preaching, moral didacticism.
除了绝对论，说教，道德训诫之外，他们是没什么。
is nothing:是没什么
The elements of weakness which mark every person cannot absolve me from the burdens and blessings of responsibility for myself and to others.
每个人都有弱点，但我为自己与他人排忧解难和祈求祝福的责任并不能因此免除。
weakness:弱点
The elements of weakness which mark every person cannot absolve me from the burdens and blessings of responsibility for myself and to others.
每个人都有不足之处，但我为自己与他人免除和祈求祝福的责任并不能因此免除。
absolve:免除
There is no debate as to whether what is reflected in those photos is wrong, and nothing has been concealed to absolve perpetrators of crimes.
对于这些照片中种种行为的不正当性不存在任何争议，也没有任何事实受到掩盖，可让罪行肇事者是的隐藏的到免除罪犯的罪行。
been concealed to absolve perpetrators of crimes:是的隐藏的到免除罪犯的罪行
Why is the rate of carbon being absorbed by the oceans so disturbing for marine scientists?
为什么海洋对二氧化碳吸收的速率让海洋科学家是吸收呢？
being absorbed:是吸收
The hope is that, cumulatively, this will create a new carbon - absorbing mass nearly half the size of New York's Central Park.
希望就是，随着累积，这将创造一片新吸收二氧化碳的植被，其规模将接近纽约中央公园的一半。
cumulatively:累积
There is some intriguing evidence that there is an increase in D2 receptors in addicts who abstain from drugs, though we don’t yet know if they fully normalize with time.
一些有趣的证据表明，上瘾者戒除药物时，D2受体会增加。但随着时间的推移，受体数量能否恢复到正常水平，我们仍然不要还没有知道。
don’t yet know:不要还没有知道
His father, of all men, had lived a careful life, moderate, abstemious.
在所有的人中，他父亲是一个一生最最小心、处世中和，食用有节的人。
careful:小心
There's also another transition that he's making, and this involves the subject of virginity: not a speechlessness, but his actual abstinence.
他还做了另一个转变，这涉及到童贞的话题：,不是无言语，而是他实际的节制。
speechlessness:无言语
As the White Queen, Ms. Hathaway has little to do but look pretty, which she does, and vaguely abstracted, like a woman wandering around a beauty parlor while she waits for her nails to dry.
饰演白王后的安妮•海瑟薇在剧中的作用不大，只是个好看的花瓶而已；她有点心不在焉，彷佛一个在华丽客厅中有很小到做的贵妇，等待指甲上染好的颜色慢慢变干。
has little to do:有很小到做
Facing various abstruse mathematical theories and complex problem - solving methods, laymen have to draw back.
面对各种深奥的数学理论和复杂的数学方法，门外汉往往只好抽水背面。
draw back:抽水背面
On the train, we talked about Garcia Marquez, Bob Dylan, and absurdist existentialism, which made people around us cast side glances at us.
一路上，他和我讨论马尔克斯、鲍勃迪伦，荒诞派存在主义，引得旁边的人铸造侧面眼光。
cast side glances:铸造侧面眼光
The reader in search of literary criticism, or even the origins of absurdist thought, will not find it in the three new biographies.
寻找文学批评乃至荒诞主义来源的读者，在这三本新书里会不找到它。曾当过记者的法国人若斯•；
not find it:不找到它
He adds, poignantly, “I knew the marine life would be more abundant, but I couldn’t imagine it would be so spectacular ”.
一切痛苦地，他继续说道，“我知道海洋生物要丰富得多，但是不曾想到竟会如此蔚为壮观。”
poignantly:痛苦地
There is no question about the popularity of online video and it's abundantly clear that more and more people are spending a majority of their online time watching video content.
网络视频的受欢迎度是在那儿是不问题的，同时丰富的内容和清晰的画面吸引了越来越多的人。
There is no question:在那儿是不问题
He abundantly illustrates every month or every day that so suggestive truth that there is no frontier between what a man wants to be and what he is.
他日复一日，月复一月，总是大量地论证这样一个真实：一个人想成为的与他现在的所是之间没有疆域。
abundantly:大量
Amy ’s uncle is now in prison, but she is regularly reminded of his abuse whenever the government notifies her that her photos have turned up in yet another prosecution.
艾米的叔叔已经在监狱，但是每当政府部门告知她，她的照片在新的检举中被发现时，这都会使艾米想起叔叔对她的虐待。
in prison:在监狱
He escapes from his abusive, alcoholic father by faking his own murder and heading off on his own.
为了逃离酗酒和虐待他的父亲，哈克假造自己被谋杀，独自标题取消上他的自有。
heading off on his own:标题取消上他的自有
For example, I heard about a story of this one girl from a poor family that had an alcoholic and abusive father.
例如我听说这样一个故事：一个来自贫穷人家的女孩，有个酗酒者并经常辱骂她的父亲。
alcoholic:酗酒者
Is she or isn't she? The Internet has been abuzz lately about whether Jessica Simpson is pregnant, and speculation reached a fever pitch after new photos surfaced Tuesday.
是她？不是她？杰西卡·辛普森是否怀孕的话题最近在网络上炒得有是的滥用。而周二最新出炉的街拍更是为这则传言添了一把火！
has been abuzz:有是的滥用
But another contrary trend has educators and policy makers abuzz: a rush by schools in all parts of America to offer instruction in Chinese.
但是另外一股截然相左的潮流-在美国各地涌现出的提供中文指导的学校，使得教育家和政策制定者们滥用．
abuzz:滥用
The Internet has been abuzz lately about whether Jessica Simpson is pregnant, and speculation reached a fever pitch after new photos surfaced Tuesday.
杰西卡·辛普森是否怀孕的话题最近在网络上炒得热高音。而周二最新出炉的街拍更是为这则传言添了一把火！
a fever pitch:热高音
The Internets are abuzz about a brand new electric motorcycle, with good reason.
网上正在热议一款新的电动摩托车，还好的理由。
good reason:好的理由
And he contemplated her absorbed young face with a thrill of possessorship in which pride in his own masculine initiation was mingled with a tender reverence for her abysmal purity.
他注视着她全”神贯注的稚嫩面庞，心中不由涌出一阵拥有者的激动，其中有对自己萌动的丈夫气概的自豪，也有对她那深渊的纯洁的温馨敬意。
abysmal:深渊
A ruthless trio of goals by AC Milan had looked to have killed the game before half - time, and Liverpool, Milan's opponents, were out of sorts.
看起来，AC米兰冷酷无情的三粒进球在上半场结束前就终结了比赛，而他们的对手利物浦则垂头丧气，出去的类别。
out of sorts:出去的类别
And perhaps those cynics had reasons to be smug, after Beckham moved on loan to Italian side AC Milan a couple of years later.
那些持怀疑态度的人也许有理由是自私，几年之后，贝克汉姆被租借到了意大利的AC米兰。
be smug:是自私
The number of people gathered to, and how many people to send Acacia Trinidad?
有多少人要收集的,又有多少人要千里寄相思?
gathered:收集的
Best of all, our suggested changes would allow academe to revert to its proper focus on quality research and rededicate itself to the sober pursuit of knowledge.
最理想的局面是，这些建议会使学术界回归高质量的研究并且引领科研人员进行清醒地知识追求。
sober:清醒
An appetite for conspiracy theories, combined with a call for “balance” from some sectors of academe and the rise of the internet have given the thing new life.
学术界一直有来详尽比较他们和莎士比亚作品的异同点呼声，再加上对阴谋论的天生兴趣及互联网的是的升高，使得这个怀疑非常有市场。
the rise:是的升高
As an academician, I think Mathematics is an intriguing and absorbing science.
作为一名学者，我认为数学是一门既有趣又吸收的科学。
absorbing:吸收
The abysmal academician's acarpous writing had accomplished little in achievements to date.
这位深渊院士的徒劳之作至今毫无进展。
abysmal:深渊
In addition to her features, her heavily accented Putonghua set her apart from her classmates.
除了容貌上的差异，她带口音的普通话也让她与其他同学设置她分开。
set her apart:设置她分开
'When we are striving for development, we cannot be choosers ─ we have accepted what is best for the country,' he said.
他说，我们在努力发展的时候，就不能是选择者，我们接受的是最有利于这个国家的东西。
be choosers:是选择者
It is here with you and accessible to you right now, at this moment.
它就在此地，和你一起，你现在就可以可以访问的，就在此时此刻。
accessible:可以访问的
Since then, and especially since the surge that followed its accession to the WTO in 2001, China’s economic clout has grown as fast — or faster— in its own region as anywhere.
从那以后，特别是中国于2001年加入了WTO，中国的经济影响力的扩张速度在国内外如快速，甚至在国外还有赶超之势。
as fast:如快速
Life's a beach, thanks to this large Abalone shell on a faux suede necklace. Wear long or short to accessorize perfectly with any outfit.
人生就像一个海滩，这个大大的天然鲍鱼贝壳配上人造麂皮链。长或短，能够跟任何服饰搭配。
long or short:长或短
Bogart ate glass till his mouth bled; the accident prone Hemingway ran with the bulls and hunted big game.
鲍嘉曾口吞玻璃直至出血，一生多灾多难的海明威更是曾经在狂奔的野牛群中狩猎。
bled:出血
The system is accident - prone, but it rarely makes the same mistake twice.
金融系统容易发生意外，但它很少使是的同样的错误两次。
makes the same mistake twice:使是的同样的错误两次
Pingdingshan Coal Mining Group in particular, Hok survival and Luoyang City, Jiyuan City, is the accident - prone areas, the security situation grim.
尤其是平煤集团、鹤煤集团和洛阳市、济源市是事故多发区，安全情况悲惨。
situation grim:情况悲惨
Let us be honest, if you are Lionel Messi and you have the talent, the medals, the money and the acclaim, all that is really left is getting one over the poser from Portugal.
是诚实，如果你们是莱奥梅西，你拥有惊人天赋、无数奖牌、数不尽的钱和海潮般的欢呼，你唯一的缺憾就是从那个葡萄牙佬手上抢到金靴。
be honest:是诚实
If America had denounced Charlie, he had his family -- and the acclaim of the rest of the world.
尽管美国对查理被谴责，他却拥有一个团聚的家庭，还享有世界其他各国的赞誉。
denounced:被谴责
Still, it's worth noting that the apparently universal acclaim for the killing represents a major shift in American perceptions of such actions. Following the revelations of C. I.
但是，值得注意的是这些对于这次射杀普遍性赞扬的欢呼代表了美国人在这类事情上的一项重要转变。
universal acclaim:普遍性赞扬
These words freed the thought of all from the painful cloud of individual anxieties. It was hailed with an enthusiastic acclamation.
这几句话，从个人的痛苦里道出了大伙的想法，受到了热情的欢呼。
painful:痛苦
But if it is, the committee is unlikely to make Dr Hawking wait for what would be a richly deserved accolade.
如果它真的存在，那么诺将委员会不可能让霍金博士等待这个值得的的盛誉太久。
deserved:值得的
This heavyweight industry accolade attests to the strengths and sustained appeal of the city, enabling it to consistently emerge ahead of the pack in Asia.
这个重重的行业证明了这个城市的实力和一如的魅力，使其一如既往从亚洲各国中脱颖而出。
heavyweight:重重
This heavyweight industry accolade attests to the strengths and sustained appeal of the city, enabling it to consistently emerge ahead of the pack in Asia.
这个举足轻重的行业证明了这个城市的实力和一如的魅力，使其一致地从亚洲各国中脱颖而出。
consistently:一致地
This heavyweight industry accolade attests to the strengths and sustained appeal of the city, enabling it to consistently emerge ahead of the pack in Asia.
这个举足轻重的行业证明了这个城市的实力和一如的魅力，使其一如既往从亚洲各国中出现前面。
emerge ahead:出现前面
If you have a skill, such as cooking, animal husbandry, massage, musical ability or basic carpentry, you can barter for free food and accommodation as you travel.
如果你有技能，比如烹饪、饲养动物，按摩，音乐才能活着一些基本的木工活，你就可以拿这些来换免费的食物和住处了。
a skill:技能
While he is poor and lives in ramshackle accommodation, George is in the same position as well over a million other people who live in Nairobi's slums.
尽管乔治穷人并且居住在摇摇欲坠的住处，他的地位与其他住在奈落比贫民窟中的上百万贫民没有什么区别。
poor:穷人
While he is poor and lives in ramshackle accommodation, George is in the same position as well over a million other people who live in Nairobi's slums.
尽管乔治穷困潦倒并且居住在束缚的住处，他的地位与其他住在奈落比贫民窟中的上百万贫民没有什么区别。
ramshackle:束缚
Accompanist work to strengthen the importance of the accompaniment to make it truly become a true "art piano accompaniment ."
加强伴奏者对伴奏工作的重视，使之真正成为真的的“钢琴伴奏艺术”。
truly:真的
These persons quietly appear in your life, accompany you with a happy time and then he could leave silently.
这些人静静的出现在你的生命里，陪你度过一段快乐的时光，然后他再默默地的离开。
silently:默默地
The futuristic pod has no driver, and no opinionated chatter to accompany your journey, but instead a button set in the wall with the word'start' written beside it.
这种超前的独立舱没有驾驶员、也没有闲聊的谈话声伴随你的旅途，只有一个装在墙上的按钮，按钮旁边写着“开始”。
chatter:闲聊
Bagpipers generally accompany the dancing, playing intricate tunes composed by a single family in the 16th century.
跳舞一般风笛手来伴奏，演奏着由16世纪家庭作曲的复杂的调门。
intricate:复杂
To accomplish his own end, he placed collective interests in the back of his mind.
为了达到个人目的，他把集体利益在是的背面的他的思绪。
in the back of his mind:在是的背面的他的思绪
Do you ever feel overwhelmed by all the goals you want to accomplish?
你是否曾经对你想要实现的所有目标感到被压倒？
overwhelmed:被压倒
While many of the negotiators for a global climate change accord consider it a pressing issue, there is less agreement on how to share the burden of tackling the problem.
虽然许多希望制定全球气候变化协议的与会代表认为这是一个紧迫的议题，但是在如何分担义务的问题上却没有什么共识。
pressing:紧迫
He seeks genuine autonomy within the borders of China, and in accordance with the Chinese Constitution.
他根据中国的宪法寻求在中国疆界之内真正的的自治。
genuine:真正的
Two sets of vintage accordion doors open to lush tropical gardens while the interior pallet emulates the colors of the tropical sea and sky.
两套老式手风琴门，迎向肥沃的热带花园，而室内的颜色仿佛是热带的碧空和蓝海。
lush:肥沃
Jean Valjean, who, an instant previously, in his then state of mind, would not have spoken to or even answered any one, felt irresistibly impelled to accost that child.
在这以前，冉阿让在他那样的心境中是对谁都不会说一句话，也不会答一句话的。这时他却感觉不可抗拒引诱，主动向那孩子说话了。
felt irresistibly impelled:感觉不可抗拒引诱
After report person arrives, should seasonable accost its are entered into the door, and make tea is entertained; Cannot commanding, thrusting, place the airs of an official.
汇报人到达后，应及时招呼其进门入座，并泡茶招待；不可命令，盛气凌人，摆官架子。
commanding:命令
After report person arrives, should seasonable accost its are entered into the door, and make tea is entertained; Cannot commanding, thrusting, place the airs of an official.
汇报人到达后，应及时招呼其进门入座，并泡茶招待；不可居高临下，推力，摆官架子。
thrusting:推力
He walked to the door and opened it, prepared to accost an intruder with righteous indignation.
他走上前去开门，与义人愤怒地想向闯入者发难。
with righteous indignation:与义人愤怒
Substitute accredit expires, blizzard from commercial interest the biggest turn a consideration, choose new agential give no cause for more criticism.
当代理授权到期，暴雪从商业利益最大化考虑，选择新的代理商给予不原因。
give no cause:给予不原因
But unlike China, he will spend money too liberally to accumulate much wealth.
但是与中国不同，他花钱也自由地，难以积聚很多财富。
too liberally:也自由地
I swear to you, messieurs et dames, that if it were not for that accursed law that robs us of our liberty, I would have murdered her at that moment.
我向你们发誓，先生们，女士们，要不是有那道该死的法律让我们无法自由，我当场就会干掉她。
liberty:自由
They are almost always accusatory, as in, “you never empty the dishwasher ” or“ you always forget my birthday ”.
说“你从来不把洗碗机的盘子清出来”还有“你老是记不住我的生日”的话一出口，就是要指控性了。
accusatory:指控性
Want to very lightly and then accustom to the chill here, behind several days in the beginning are sheepish, running of then full earth, to this.
想想很容易便适应了这里的寒冷，在一开始的几天牧羊人之后，便满世界的跑，对这。
sheepish:牧羊人
In the context of open source, where women have become accustomed to being one of a few women, if not the only woman, in the room, that’s a phenomenal number.
在开源环境中，这是一个惊人的数字，妇女对成为这一领域中少数女性之一，如果不是唯一的妇女的话，已经变得成为习惯。
become accustomed:成为习惯
We may look at the world around us, but somehow we manage not to see it until whatever it is we ’ve become accustomed to suddenly disappears.
我们也许都注视着周围的世界，但不知何故，只有我们成为习惯的那些东西突然消失时，我们才设法去留意。
become accustomed:成为习惯
Often feel that there should be a more beautiful or more of heart -type go, but the reality in the eyes look just like they are accustomed.
常常觉得，应该有一个更优美或更符合心意的型才好，但是现实眼中的样子都是是习惯的方方正正。
are accustomed:是习惯
But as a measure of how accustomed Japan is becoming to bad economic news, the dismal trade figures were greeted less with panic than with a growing sense of resignation.
但是作为日本习惯于经济坏消息到什么程度的衡量，这一凄惨的贸易数据迎来已不是恐慌而是日益增加的辞职的心态。
resignation:辞职
“We are not accustomed to thinking of art forms as technologies, ” he says,“ but that is what they are, which means they have been rendered moribund by new technical developments.
“我们现在还不习惯将艺术形式等同于技术。”他说道，“但我们必须面对现实，这意味着随着新科技的发展，原来的艺术形式已经死亡的。”
moribund:死亡的
Written after a short visit to the UK (his first), his essay is not just witty and acerbic, it is humblingly observant.
此文写于他（首次）短暂访问英国之后。他的散文不仅诙谐尖刻，其观察之观察员也足以令人汗颜。
observant:观察员
One day, India's widely disliked, pompous foreign minister, the acerbic V.
有一天，备受人们说不喜， pompous的印度外交部长V.
pompous:pompous
This is common saying "get a nucleus to sell plum" provenance, later generations in order to describes the person with those acerbity artful.
这就是俗语“钻核卖李”的出处，后人用以形容那些粗鲁艺术之人。
acerbity artful:粗鲁艺术
In a corner of the café, an acetylene lamp gives a flickering light.
一盏电石灯在咖啡馆的角落里闪烁。
flickering:闪烁
And in some way, your presence here is a response to that ache, to the knowledge that ambition can transform lives and transform societies, but only if it is met with opportunity.
从某种意义上讲，各位今天出席峰会正是对这种渴望的响应，也说明野心可以改变生活、改变社会，但必须要有施展的机会。
ambition:野心
You must have a goal, and you must constantly work towards the achievement of that goal.
你必须有一个目标，而且你必须为了达到这个目标常数地努力！
constantl:常数
"The entire recovery has been a recovery in name only. The Achilles heel... has always been the lack of job creation," said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York.
"复苏只是在名字只有.就业增长不够一直...就是经济的致命伤,"RDQEconomics的首席经济分析师JohnRyding称.
in name only:在名字只有
It's not the sort of thing where he's sitting around somewhere looking at his watch and saying, oh man, I got an achy knee.
他不会坐着四周的在某处呆着，一边看着表一边说，哦，我膝盖疼，（我老了）。
sitting around:坐着四周
It's not the sort of thing where he's sitting around somewhere looking at his watch and saying, oh man, I got an achy knee.
他不会坐着四周的在某处呆著，一边看著表一边说，哦，我膝盖疼，（我老了）。
sitting around:坐着四周
Soil acidification can be the result of acid rain. But overuse of certain types of nitrogen fertilizer is another cause, and this is what the researchers identify as the culprit in China.
酸雨是导致土壤的酸化可能原因之一，但是过量的使用某种类的氮肥也是另一原因，这恰恰是研究者最为肯定使得中国耕地酸化的的是的罪犯。
the culprit:是的罪犯
With unbounded enthusiasm he volunteered personally to acquaint him with it.
带着无限的热情，他自愿地把这首诗给我父亲看了。
volunteered:自愿
No man can acquaint himself with everything on this earth, he said.
地球上没有人熟知自己与一切，他说。
acquaint himself with everything:熟知自己与一切
He that has never known adversity, is but half acquainted with others or himself.
从来没有遇到过逆境的人，只能对他人和自己一半熟知。
half acquainted:一半熟知
And the film does make a plausible case that Bush himself conceived, promoted and justified the war, fought off objections to it and did not simply acquiesce to the arguments of others.
而本片的确提出了可信的的证据，证明布什本人构思了、推动了并且合理化了这场战争，他力排异议，没有简单地对别人的意见加以默许。
plausible:可信的
When turnout in an election for the state government in 2008 reached an unprecedented 60%, many Indians misread this as belated Kashmiri acquiescence in Indian rule.
州政府2008年的大选参加者达到史无前例的60%时，很多印度人把这误认为是克什米尔默许了印度的统治。
unprecedented:史无前例
For an economic elite whose perquisites ultimately depend on the acquiescence of everybody else, it is a silly and dangerous pose to strike.
对于金融界精英们而言，说到底他们的特权有赖于所有其他人的默许，露面到罢工是愚蠢而危险的行为。
pose to strike:露面到罢工
My acquiescence to everything has meant that they are not only buzzing with e-numbers and sugar, but are exhausted, too
我默许他们做的每件事，意谓着他们不在听到我的唠叨，但是也让我感到疲惫不堪。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
What we also know is that a somnolent and acquiescent board has been shocked into a state of alertness that might even rival that of Rupert's wife.
另外，我们还了解到，新闻集团死气沉沉、令人满意的的董事会也大为震惊，已经处于警备状态，紧张程度甚至并不亚于鲁伯特的妻子。
acquiescent:令人满意的
There is no cure for the disease Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome or AIDS.
没有一种治愈为是的疾病能医治后天免疫缺损综合症，或称艾滋病。
cure for the disease:治愈为是的疾病
This is an interesting acquisition and shows what a heated space it is for providing more capabilities to tie customer support environments to the social Web.
这是一宗有趣的收购，表明了能够提供将客户支持环境与社会网络绑定在一起的能力是多么热的领域。
heated:热
"While the acquisition provides exciting growth potential, they will not want to put all their eggs in one basket ," he warned.
“虽然这次收购激发了令人兴奋的增长潜力，但是他们最好不好放所有他们蛋在一个篮子。”弗雷德警告道。
put all their eggs in one basket:放所有他们蛋在一个篮子
We have become extremely acquisitive in a way our forebears never were.
我们变得极度的 cquisitive。而我们的先人们从不这样。
acquisitive:cquisitive
Remember not to fall back on old acquisitive habits. Then enjoy your newfound freedom from clutter.
记住不要再养成收集杂物的习惯不要 cquisitive。享受屏弃杂物后的自由吧。
acquisitive:cquisitive
If the Pru ’s gamble is correct, it will be an Asia - dominated world, but one based on the acquisitive aspirations of these new middle classes.
如果信诚的冒险是成功的，它将是一个亚洲占主导的世界，正是新中间阶层 cquisitive的一个愿望。
acquisitive:cquisitive
His jealous competitors often accuse him of being too acquisitive and of taking away their business.
那些嫉妒的对手常常指责他 cquisitive的抢走他们的生意。
acquisitive:cquisitive
This is not surprising as the rural population has grown but the available farm acreage has not.
这不令人惊讶，因为农村人口增加了，但可用的农场面积却没有。
not surprising:不令人惊讶
Acreage allotments, price supports and crop set-asides reshaped the face of American agriculture.
播种面积分配制、价格支持和作物丢弃令美国农业重新变形是的面孔。
reshaped the face:重新变形是的面孔
Acrid fumes of still - burning thatch — hours earlier the rooftops of orderly houses — assaulted my eyes and nose as I stepped out onto a bed of ashes in a smoldering rice field.
几个小时前还有秩序的房屋，现在它们的屋顶都成了燃烧着的茅草。我走出飞机踩到一片还未燃尽的稻田的灰烬上，刺鼻的烟味刺激着我的鼻子和眼睛。
orderly:有秩序
These are slow, nit- picky debates, fraught with acrimony and issues of nationalism.
这些是拖沓缓慢的、氮挑剔的辩论，充斥着尖酸刻薄和民族主义。
nit- picky:氮挑剔
WHEN an infamous summit of world powers in London ended in 1933, such was the mood of protectionist acrimony that many argued it would have been better if the meeting had not been held at all.
当1933年世界列强聚集伦敦召开那次不名誉的峰会后，贸易保护主义之风开始弥漫。好多人认为那次会议不开也许会更好些。
infamous:不名誉
And climate talks in Bangkok this month ended in even deeper acrimony between the developing and developed economies.
本月在曼谷举行的气候会谈更是在发展中国家与发达国家间愤怒的气氛中落下帷幕。
acrimony:愤怒
The 33 -year-old entrepreneur built a successful business developing plug -in software for Adobe Acrobat, the well -known PDF reading program, and created a top-rated website called Planet PDF.
这位33岁的企业家建立了一家成功的企业，开发用于成功的PDF文档阅读器——AdobeAcrobat的插件，并且他还建立了名为PlanetPDF的网站，点击率非常高。
successful:成功
A variety of opera performances, acrobatics shows, paintings, calligraphy and food will dazzle you.
各种戏剧表演，杂志表演，绘画，书法和食物会让你闪耀。
dazzle:闪耀
And don't forget Citizens United Not Timid, best known by its acronym, a Hillary - bashing group that got media attention during the last campaign.
而且不要忘记由于其缩写而知名的美国公民不是 Timid的，一个希拉里扑集体在最后的战役期间受到媒体的关注。
Timid:Timid
True story: While on active duty as a National Guardsman delivering U. S. mail during a postal strike, he secretly gathered information for a Times story.
真话故事：在一次邮政大罢工中，路易斯作为一名国民警卫队士兵执行任务，负责投递邮件。
True story:真话故事
But the reason overwhelmingly cited by veterans and active -duty officers alike is that the military personnel system — every aspect of it — is nearly blind to merit.
但是退役和现役军官共同认可的压倒性的原因在于军队的人事系统——这个系统的方方面面——对功劳几乎是失明。
blind:失明
In the long run, with an increasing number of active service versions, your service inventory will become utter chaos without versioning and SLM governance.
在是的长跑，要是没有版本管理和SLM治理，随着活动服务版本数量的增多，你的服务目录会变得混乱不堪。
In the long run:在是的长跑
Such a fight would give activist investors even more of a bad name than they already have in corporate Europe.
激进主义的投资者在欧洲已经坏名字，而这样的一场风波无疑会使之更臭名远扬。
a bad name:坏名字
It was an act of God: the river broke its banks and they were flooded out.
真是天灾：江河冲毁堤坝，人们洪水泛滥出去。
flooded out:洪水泛滥出去
Cottages grow out of rocky surfaces, as do roadside rest areas or public buildings, scattered across the landscape as if placed by an act of God.
乡村别墅从布满岩石的地面生长出去，从路边其他的地方或者公共建筑中凸现，散布于风景之中，如同大自然的鬼斧神工。
grow out:生长出去
The talented actor seems to have been intended for the the stage from an early age.
这位有才华的演员似乎早就预定要活跃在舞台上。
talented:有才华
Although it's unlikely a person will behave differently simply because of their hair colour, they may act out of character if they are being treated badly, or according to a stereotype.
尽管一个人不太可能仅仅因为发色就举止反常，但如果别人对他们不客气，或者成见，他们有可能行为不当。
a stereotype:成见
It was they that were out of harmony with the actual world, not she.
和实际世界出去的和谐的正是这些道德魔怪，不是苔丝自己。
out of harmony:出去的和谐
Write down sincerely, washing machine of actuate of the ability when leaving home, no risk at all!
谨记，离家时才开动洗衣机，便不风险在所有了！
no risk at all:不风险在所有
That those who believe in an afterlife ascribe mental acuity to the dead is hardly surprising.
那么那些相信有来世的人认为死人具有精神敏锐力也几乎没有令人惊讶。
hardly surprising:几乎没有令人惊讶
Vitrectomy may be indicated for severe hemorrhage and substantially diminished visual acuity, especially if it persists longer than 3 months.
当出血严重出血且使视力严重下降，特别是当其持续时间超过3个月时则须要行玻离体切割术。
severe hemorrhage:严重出血
Acupuncture is an effective alternative to drugs for the treatment of depression, drug and alcohol addiction, and other addictive behaviors such as smoking and overeating.
针灸是一种有效的能够替代药物治疗抑郁症、吸毒、酗酒、吸烟和过度吃以及其他成瘾行为的疗法。
overeating:过度吃
That only proves the adage that "there are lies, damn lies, and statistics.
这只证明了一句谚语：“谎话，妈的!谎言，还有统计数字。”
damn lies:妈的!谎言
Another adage that brings some cold comfort to an old timer is "the more things change, the more they stay the same "(forgive me if I have used this one before).
还有一句对老手不会起什么安慰作用的格言是“江山易改，留住是的同样的”（如果我以前用过这句格言，请您谅解）。
stay the same:留住是的同样的
If we say that if stormy first movement is a dramatic scene, then the bright and clean, serene Adagio second movement is a temporary calm.
如果说犹如暴风雨般的第一乐章是戏剧的一幕，那么明净、安详的慢板第二乐章就是暂时的宁静。
stormy:暴风雨
But if you're adamant on bucking the trend, there's plenty of storage space back there for your Brooklyn Flea finds and empty bottles of Colt 54.
如果你坚固地要逆流而上的话，它的后备箱有足够空间装你的布鲁克林跳蚤市场的收获及柯尔特54的空瓶子。
adamant:坚固
But if you're adamant on bucking the trend, there's plenty of storage space back there for your Brooklyn Flea finds and empty bottles of Colt 54.
如果你坚定不移地要抢劫是的趋势的话，它的后备箱有足够空间装你的布鲁克林跳蚤市场的收获及柯尔特54的空瓶子。
bucking the trend:抢劫是的趋势
European diplomat said France was adamant that the rebels be more heavily armed and was in discussions with the Obama administration about how France would bring this about.
一位欧洲外交官说，法国正坚固的认为，反政府武装需要更多的武装，并与奥巴马政府讨论如何使这变为现实。
adamant:坚固
However, the South African authorities remain adamant they have done all they can with the resources available.
然而，南非当局坚持他们已经做了可利用资源范围内有已完成所有他们可以的事情。
have done all they can:有已完成所有他们可以
But when it comes to adaptation and building climate resilience, the challenge is more complex and the role of knowledge will be key.
但是一旦涉及到适应和建立气候变化应对能力，挑战更为复杂，知识的作用将是关键。
complex:复杂
Love involves a dynamic process of mutual adaptation, but not all adaptive processes are smooth and enjoyable; hurting the beloved is an example in kind.
爱情是彼此适应的一个动态过程，但不是所有适应的过程都是平滑和愉快的；伤害爱的人就是这样一个例子。
smooth:平滑
It became a bestseller in Iraq, and was even adapted into a musical, despite one alarming and improbable scene in which a female bear "copulates" with a herdsman.
它在伊拉克成了畅销书，甚至被改编成了音乐剧，尽管其中有一幕令人惊恐且不可思议——其中有一个牧人和一头母熊的人兽交。
improbable:不可思议
Super fruits are in tune with current consumer demand for added value/ functionality and can be expected to increasingly form part of producer innovations within flavour mixes, ” said Canadean.
超级水果也和当前消费者的对营养添加/功能性饮料的需求是在调子，我们可以预见，它能帮助生产者向混合口味的方向转变。
are in tune:是在调子
Often an adder bite goes unnoticed or is confused with an insect sting until the ensuing pain gets the victim ’s attention.
如果被蝰蛇咬了一口，人们经常会误以为只是蚊虫叮咬，直到随后的的剧痛，受害者才会明白过来。
ensuing:随后的
And we lose some — many —to addiction every year due to this very fact coupled with the fatal power of this disease.
这一事实和成瘾症的可怕威力相连与，令我们每年都失去一些——应该说很多——宝贵的生命。
coupled with:相连与
If this sounds like what you are experiencing, it may be this is a love addiction not love itself.
如果这和你正经历的如，这可能是对爱情上瘾而并非爱情本身。
like:如
The tantalizing results suggest that an addictive process is in play in the brain when some people come face to face with certain foods.
这一催眠的结果显示当某些人遇到一些特定食品时他们大脑中即上演着一幕“上瘾”的过程。
tantalizing:催眠
You will be amazed by the gorgeous graphics, rich gameplay, immersive music and the insanely addictive quality of this game.
您会对游戏华丽的界面，丰富的游戏，沉浸性的音乐，令人疯狂上瘾的质量赞叹不已。
immersive:沉浸性
You will be amazed by the gorgeous graphics, rich gameplay, immersive music and the insanely addictive quality of this game.
您会对游戏华丽的界面，丰富的游戏，身临其境的音乐，令人疯狂上瘾的质量疯狂地。
insanely:疯狂地
The couple had spent 388 days in captivity, some in solitary confinement and most in makeshift desert camps, guarded by drug-addled, illiterate young men toting AK47s.
这对夫妇被囚禁了388天，有时是单独监禁，但大多数时间关在沙漠的临时帐篷中，被一些手持AK47，文盲，毒瘾缠身的年轻人看守。
illiterate:文盲
Experts say the prevalence of such cases raises fresh questions about the adequacy of the policies and systems banks and other financial institutions use to prevent improper trading by employees.
专家说，这类案子增加，人们不禁产生了新的疑问：到底银行和其它金融机构是否有足够的政策和制度来防范员工进行不当交易？
raises:增加
We felt like if we could target that, it would be the key to every ischemic disease, ” in which tissue dies for want of an adequate blood supply — and therefore oxygen.
我们觉得如果能以此为目标，所有的缺血性疾病都将是的钥匙，”在这些疾病中，组织因为得不到足够的血液和氧气供应而死亡。
the key:是的钥匙
The Nation of Islam and its most famous adherent, Malcolm X, preached a message of self-reliance and racial separatism.
“伊斯兰民族”及其最著名的追随者马尔科姆∙艾克斯（MalcolmX）宣扬自力更生和种族分离。
self-reliance:自力更生
NARRATOR: Keith Joseph's most significant adherent was an up - and- coming Conservative politician named Margaret Thatcher.
旁白：基思。约瑟夫最重要的信徒是一位高-及即将到来的的保守党政治家-玛格丽特。撒切尔。
up - and- coming:高-及即将到来的
A stalwart adherent to the tenets of the New Order even long after the Empire had collapsed, Kir Kanos' beliefs made him one of the most deadly fugitives in the galaxy.
虽然帝国早已倒塌，但基尔·卡诺斯依然是“新秩序”原则的坚定信徒。他的信仰使他成为银河系最致命的亡命徒之一。
collapsed:倒塌
Then she gingerly secured the loose paint flakes around the rip with a liquid adhesive.
然后她小心翼翼地地将裂口周围松动的油漆薄片用液体粘合剂固定起来。
gingerly:小心翼翼地
In times of success this may seem unimportant, but in times of failure it affords a consolation and a security not to be found elsewhere. precarious adj.
我们成功时，这可能显得并不重要。但是在我们失意的时候，父母给予我们的安慰和安全感是通过其他任何途径都无法得到的。
success:成功
Wuthering'being a significant provincial adjective, descriptive of the atmospheric tumult to which its station is exposed in stormy weather.
“呼啸”是一个重要的内地形容词，形容这地方在风暴的天气里所受的气压骚动。
significant:重要
People ask if a lot of it is impro or if any of it is ad-lib, which is a compliment I think, because hopefully it means that we're pulling it off in a way that's organic.
人们会问到是不是有很多的即兴表演或有些拉动它取消的东西，我觉得其实这是种褒奖，因为这代表我们很多表演的完成都是非常自然的。
pulling it off:拉动它取消
It is an admirable and wise decision that is worth being followed by all.
这是一个非常令人钦佩的聪明决定，值得所有的人效仿。
wise decision:聪明决定
A trained nuclear engineer, Carter worked under famed Admiral Hyman Rickover, the father of the Navy's nuclear program, on the "Sea Wolf, "an atomic submarine.
作为一个训练的核工程师，卡特曾跟随著名的“核项目之父”，海军上将海曼·里科弗，在核潜艇“海狼号”上工作。
trained:训练
The British Admiralty had warned the Lusitania to avoid the area and to use the evasive tactic of zigzagging, but the crew ignored these recommendations.
英国海军部曾警告「卢西塔尼亚号」要避开这个区域，并采用规避战术曲折航行，但船员们对此忽略。
ignored:忽略
Deeply moved by her performance, the whole audience gasped with admiration.
她的演奏深处被移动，全场观众赞叹不己。
Deeply moved:深处被移动
It could perhaps be said that the attraction or admiration some of us occasionally have towards those with wealth may have partially evolved from this dynamic.
或许可以这么说：我们之所以时不时地会羡慕或者心仪那些与财富的人，在一定程度上就源于这种原始冲动。
with wealth:与财富
There are some clouds in the sky,but the sun is shining.
天空中飘着几朵云，但太阳是闪烁。
sun is shining:太阳是闪烁
Experts confirmed that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered.
专家证实，美洲狮非被逼得它是弯角，是决不会伤人的。
it is cornered:它是弯角
The big clock which used to strike the hours day and night was damaged many years ago and has been silent ever since.
教堂的钟很大，以前不分昼夜打点报时，但很多年前遭到毁坏，从此便沉默了。
silent:沉默
'I've been coming up here night after night for weeks now.You see, I was hoping to give you a surprise.'
“好几个星期了，我天天夜里到钟楼上来。嗯，我是想让你惊奇。”
a surprise:惊奇
At this time of the morning, the arcade was almost empty.
在早晨的这个时候，拱廊街上几乎空。
empty:空
The raid was all over in three minutes, for the men scrambled back into the car and it moved off at a fantastic speed.
这场抢劫只持续了3分钟，因为窃贼在非常棒速度地爬上轿车，以惊人的速度开跑了。
at a fantastic speed:在非常棒速度
They had got away with thousands of pounds worth of diamonds.
他们已带着价值数千镑的首饰有有离开了。
had got away:有有离开
During the summer months, the monastery is very busy, for it is visited by thousands of people who cross the Pass in cars.
夏天的几个月里，修道院十分忙碌，因为有数千的的人驾车通过山口，顺道来修道院参观。
thousands of:数千的
The temperature drops to -30 degree and very few people attempt to cross the Pass.
气温下降到零下30度，试图跨越山口的人非常很少。
very few:非常很少
These young people, who love the peace of mountains, always receive a warm welcome at St.Bernard's monastery.
这些热爱高山清静环境的年轻人每年都受到圣伯纳德道院的温暖欢迎。
a warm welcome:温暖欢迎
The hardened professional smuggler, on the other hand, is never troubled by such feelings, even if he has five hundred gold watches hidden in his suitcase.
而老练的职业走私犯却使手提箱里藏着500只金表，却也是永远麻烦。
is never troubled:是永远麻烦
All the thing I had packed so carefully were soon in a dreadful mess.
所有细心包装好的东西一会儿工夫就可怕混乱。
a dreadful mess:可怕混乱
Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money box.
但是能把储蓄罐装满的只有只有非常的几个特别节俭的孩子。
Only very:只有非常
Verrazano, an Italian about whom little is known, sailed into New York Harbour in 1524 and named it Angouleme.
1524年，一位很小是已知的意大利人维拉萨诺驾船驶进纽约港，并将该港名为安古拉姆。
little is known:很小是已知
Though Verrazano is by no means considered to be a great explorer, his name will probably remain immortal, for on November 21st, 1964, the longest suspension bridge in the world was named after him.
虽然维拉萨诺绝对算不上一个伟大的探险家，但他的名字将他的名字意志很有可能留下永生，因为1964年11月21日建成的一座世界上最长的吊桥是以他的名字命名。
his name will probably remain immortal:他的名字意志很有可能留下永生
Despite its immensity, it is both simple and elegant, fulfilling its designer's dream to create'an enormous object drawn as faintly as possible'.
尽管此桥很大，但它的结构简单，造型优美，实现了设计者企图创造一个“尽量用细线条勾画出一个巨大的”的梦想。
enormous:巨大的
Oddly shaped forms that are suspended form the ceiling and move in response to a gust of wind are quite familiar to everybody.
人们所熟悉的是悬挂在天花板上、造型奇特、移动在答复到暴风雨的风的雕塑品。
move in response to a gust of wind:移动在答复到暴风雨的风
These peculiar forms not only seemed designed to shock people emotionally, but to give them electric shocks as well!
好像设计这些特别的表格的展品不仅是为了给人感情上的强烈刺激，而且还想给人以电击似的！
peculiar forms:特别的表格
The writer stated that Rastus was in safe hands and would be returned immediately if Mrs.Ramsay paid a ransom of $1,000.
写信人声称拉斯特斯是在安全手，只要拉姆齐太太愿意支付1,000 英镑赎金，可以立即将猫送还。
was in safe hands:是在安全手
He looked very well though he was rather thirsty, for he drank half a bottle of milk.
它看上去非常好的，只是口渴得很，喝了半瓶牛奶。
very well:非常好的
The police were astounded when Mrs.Ramsay told them what she had done.
拉姆齐太太把她所做的事告诉了警察，警察听后惊奇。
astounded:惊奇
One of the most colourful figures in boxing history was Daniel Mendoza, who was born in 1764.
拳击史上最一个的是的大多数有色的人物之一是丹尼尔.门多萨，他生于1764年。
One of the most colourful:一个的是的大多数有色
Mendoza rose to fame swiftly after a boxing match when he was only fourteen years old.
门多萨在14岁时参加一场拳击赛后玫瑰到名声迅速。
rose to fame swiftly:玫瑰到名声迅速
In fact, Mendoza soon became so successful that Humphries turned against him.
事实上，门多萨不久便成为那么成功，致使汉弗莱斯与他反目为敌。
became so successful:成为那么成功
The two men quarrelled bitterly and it was clear that the argument could only be settled by a fight.
两个人争吵不休，它是清楚，只有较量一番才能解决问题。
it was clear:它是清楚
Despite this, he was so extravagant that he was always in debt.
尽管这样，但他那么奢侈，经常债台高筑。
so extravagant:那么奢侈
If you lived in the Mediterranean, for instance, you would consider octopus a great delicacy.
比如，如果你住在地中海地区，你会把章鱼视作是伟大的美味。
a great delicacy:伟大的美味
The sad truth is that most of us have been brought up to eat certain foods and we stick to them all our lives.
。悲伤真话的是， 我们中的大部分人，生来就只吃某几种食品，而且一辈子都这样。
The sad truth:。悲伤真话
There are countless people who, ever since their early years, have learned to associate snails with food.
有无数的人们从小就知道蜗牛可做菜。
countless:无数
one day, after heavy shower, I happened to be walking in my garden when I noticed a huge number of snails taking a stroll on some of my prize plants.
有一天，一场大雨后，我在花园里采纳散步散步，突然注意到许许多多蜗牛在我的一些心爱的花木上慢悠悠的蠕动着。
taking a stroll:采纳散步
Acting on a sudden impulse, I collected several dozen, put them in a paper bag, and took them to Robert.
我表演上突然冲动，逮了几十只，装进一只纸袋里，带着去找罗伯特。
Acting on a sudden impulse:表演上突然冲动
We often read in novels how a seemingly respectable person or family has some terrible secret which has been concealed from strangers for years.
在小说中，我们经常读到一个表面上受人尊重的人物或家庭，却有着某种多年不为人所知的可怕的秘密。
terrible:可怕
The reader's hair stands on end when he reads in the final pages of the novel that the heroine a dear old lady who had always been so kind to everybody, had, in her youth, poisoned every one of her five husbands.
当读者到小说最后几页了解到书中女主人公，那位一向待大家很好的可爱的老妇人年轻时一连毒死了她的5个丈夫时，不禁会头发站台上结束。
hair stands on end:头发站台上结束
It is all very well for such things to occur in fiction.
这种事发生在小说中是它是所有非常好的的。
It is all very well:它是所有非常好的
A temporary rudder was made on board from spare planks and it was fitted with great difficulty.
船员用备用的木板在船上赶制了一只应急用的舵，并克服伟大的困难将舵安装就位。
great difficulty:伟大的困难
Though the new rudder was fitted at tremendous speed, it was impossible for the Cutty Sark to win.
尽管换装新舵时在巨大的速度，但“卡蒂萨克”号已经不可能取胜了。
at tremendous speed:在巨大的速度
Much as we may pride ourselves on our good taste, we are no longer free to choose the things we want.
尽管我们可以自夸自己的鉴赏力如何敏锐，但我们已经无法免费地选购自己所需的东西了。
free:免费
but how many of us can honestly say that we have not felt a little envious of their simple way of life and their freedom from care?
但是，我们中有多少人能够坦率地说我们对流浪汉的简朴生活与自由的境况不感到有些羡慕呢？
freedom:自由
Before she had anchored, the men from the boats had climbed on board and the decks were soon covered with colourful rugs from Persia, silks from India, copper coffee pots, and beautiful handmade silverware.
大船还未下锚，小船上的人就纷纷爬上客轮，一会儿工夫，甲板上就摆满了有色的波斯地毯、印度丝绸、铜咖啡壶以及手工制作的漂亮的银器。
colourful:有色
Many of the tourists on board had begun bargaining with the tradesmen, but I decide not to buy anything until I had disembarked.
船上许多游客开始同商贩谈判起来，但我打定主意上岸之前什么也不买。
bargaining:谈判
I felt especially pleased with my wonderful bargain -- until I got back to the ship.
在回到船上之前，我一直为我的绝妙的讨价还价而感觉尤其是高兴。
felt especially pleased:感觉尤其是高兴
He spent a miserable day in bed thinking of all the fun he was missing.
他在床上悲惨地躺了一天，想着他错过的种种欢乐。
miserable:悲惨
A farm worker, who stayed up all night claimed to have seen a figure cutting corn in the moonlight.
有一个留下高所有夜的雇工还声称他看见一个人影在月光下收割庄稼。
stayed up all night:留下高所有夜
Fearing the authorities, Eric remained in hiding after the war as well.
由于害怕当局，埃里克战后继续留下的在隐藏。
remained in hiding:留下的在隐藏
True eccentrics never deliberately set out to draw attention to themselves.
真正古怪的人从不有意设置出去到抽水注意。
set out to draw attention:设置出去到抽水注意
They disregard social conventions without being conscious that they are doing anything extraordinary.
他们不顾社会习俗，意识不到自己做有什么特殊之处。
doing:做
He was a shrewd and wealthy businessman, but most people in the town hardly knew anything about this side of his life.
他是个精明能干、有钱的商人，但镇上大部分人对他生活中的这一个方面几乎几乎没有知道任何事情。
hardly knew anything:几乎没有知道任何事情
The assistant asked him to leave, but Dickie paid no attention to him and requested to see the manager.
店员让迪基走开，但他支付的不注意，并要求见经理。
paid no attention:支付的不注意
Seeing a cake flying through the air, a lorry driver who was drawing up alongside the car, pulled up all of a sudden.
此时，一辆卡车正好从后边开到那辆汽车边上，司机看见一块蛋糕飞行通过是的空气，紧急刹车。
flying through the air:飞行通过是的空气
The more expensive kind of antique shop where rare objects are beautifully displayed in glass cases to keep them free from dust is usually a forbidding place.
高档一点的古玩店为了防尘，把文物漂亮地陈列在玻璃柜子里，那里往往令人是通常禁止地点。
is usually a forbidding place:是通常禁止地点
There is always hope that in its labyrinth of musty, dark, disordered rooms a real rarity will be found amongst the piles of assorted junk that little the floors.
人们还常常有希望在发霉、阴暗、混乱、迷宫般的店堂里，从杂乱地摆放在地面上的、一堆堆各式各样的破烂货里找到一件稀世珍品。
disordered:混乱
Like a scientist bent on making a discovery, he must cherish the hope that one day he will be amply rewarded.
他必须像一个弯曲上进行探索的科学家那样抱有这样的希望，即终有一天，他的努力会取得丰硕的成果。
bent on:弯曲上
Glancing at it briefly, the dealer told him that it was worth $50.
古董商简要地说看了一眼那幅画，告诉弗兰克那画值50英镑。
briefly:简要地说
The tiny painting proved to be an unknown masterpiece by Correggio and was worth hundreds of thousands of pounds.
那幅不大的画原来是柯勒乔的一幅未知的杰作，价值几十万英镑。
unknown:未知
When we use a phrase like'it serves him right', we are, in part, admitting that a certain set of circumstances has enabled justice to act of its own accord.
当我们说“他它服务他右”这句话的时候，我们部分承认了某种特定的环境使得正义自动地起了作用。
it serves him right:它服务他右
Towards midday, a girl heard a muffed cry coming from behind on of the walls.
快到中午的时候，一个女售货员听见从一堵墙里传出一种莫菲德哭泣的叫声。
a muffed cry:莫菲德哭泣
Franz poured scorn on the idea, pointing out that his brother had been killed in action during the war.
弗朗兹对此注水蔑视上，指出他兄弟已经在战争中阵亡了。
poured scorn on:注水蔑视上
Hans returned to his family home, but the house had been bombed and no one in the neighbourhood knew what had become of the inhabitants.
汉斯重返故里，但他的家已被炸毁，一个在是的邻近谁也不知原住户的下落。
one in the neighbourhood:一个在是的邻近
After years of conditioning, most of us have developed an unshakable faith in railway timetables.
经过多年的适应，大多数人对火车时刻表产生了一种不可动摇的信念。
unshakable:不可动摇
It is all too easy to blame the railway authorities when something does go wrong.
因此，一旦铁路上真出了问题，人们便它是所有也轻松地责备铁路当局。
It is all too easy:它是所有也轻松
I reflected that there must be a great many local people besides myself who wished to take advantage of this excellent service.
我想除我之外，想利用快车之便的也一定伟大的许多本地人除了自己。
a great many local people besides myself:伟大的许多本地人除了自己
Films, videos, CDs and CD-ROMS are just some of the bewildering amount of information they will have.
电影、录像、光盘和光盘驱动器只是能为他们提供令人令人困惑的大量信息的几种手段。
bewildering:令人困惑
They will be able, as it were, to see and hear us in action.
他们能够如它是般地观看我们做事，倾听我们讲话。
as it were:如它是
Even seemingly insignificant remains can shed interesting light on the history of early man.
即使看起来微不足道的遗物，也可能揭示人类早期历史的一些有趣的内容。
insignificant:微不足道
A yellow light on the dashboard flashed angrily and Bruce cheerfully announced that there was no oil in the engine!
仪表盘一盏黄灯闪着刺眼的光芒，布鲁斯愉快地地宣布发动机里没油了！
cheerfully:愉快地
Only when he saw that the man was actually telephoning the police did he realize that they had all been the victims of a hoax.
当他看到那个工人真的是给警察挂电话，才了解那，原来他们都成一场骗局的受害者。
realize that:了解那
Most of my friends live in the city, yet they always go into raptures at the mere mention of the country.
我的许多朋友都住在城市，但他们只要一提起乡村，马上就会变得去进入狂欢。
go into raptures:去进入狂欢
He is forever talking about the friendly people, the clean atmosphere, the closeness to nature and the gentle pace of living.
他永远说话地大谈友好的农民，洁净的空气，贴近大自然的环境和悠闲的生活节奏。
forever talking:永远说话
Nothing can be compared, he maintains, with the first cockcrow, the twittering of birds at dawn, the sight of the rising sun glinting on the trees and pastures.
他坚持认为，凌晨雄鸡第一声啼叫，黎明时分小鸟吱喳欢叫，冉冉升起的朝阳染红树木、牧场，此番美景没什么可以是比较。
Nothing can be compared:没什么可以是比较
Country people run wild when they go shopping in the city and stagger home loaded with as many of the exotic items as they can carry.
乡里人进城采购跑野生动物，每次回家时都买足了外来商品，直到拿不动方才罢休，连走路都摇摇晃晃的。
run wild:跑野生动物
Few things could be more impressive than the peace that descends on deserted city streets at weekends when the thousands that travel to work every day are tucked away in their homes in the country.
周末，当成千上万进城上班的人回到他们的乡间寓所之后，空旷的街市笼罩着一种宁静气氛，没有什么能比此时的宁静更很少一些事情可以是更多令人印象深刻比了。
Few things could be more impressive than:很少一些事情可以是更多令人印象深刻比
For one agonizing moment, the dish was perched precariously on the bank of the canal, but it suddenly overbalanced and slid back into the water.
在令人痛苦的瞬间，盘子晃晃悠悠地上了岸，但它突然失去了平衡，又跌回水中。
agonizing:痛苦
You can stretch your legs on the spacious decks, play games, meet interesting people and enjoy good food -- always assuming, of course, that the sea is calm.
你可以在甲板上伸展四肢、做游戏，还能也很见到各种有趣的人，能享用各种好的食物——当然，这一切只有在大海风平浪静的情况下才有可能。
good food:好的食物
You can stretch your legs on the spacious decks, play games, meet interesting people and enjoy good food -- always assuming, of course, that the sea is calm.
你可以在甲板上伸展四肢、做游戏，还能也很见到各种有趣的人，能享用各种美味佳肴——当然，这一切只有在大海海是平静的情况下才有可能。
sea is calm:海是平静
Even if you travel in ideal weather, sea journeys take a long time.
即使理想天气，坐船旅行也要占用很长时间。
ideal weather:理想天气
Travelling at a height of 30,000 feet, far above the clouds, and at over 500 miles an hour is an exhilarating experience.
很远上面是的云，在30，000 英尺高空以500英里的时速旅行，这种经历令人心旷神怡。
far above the clouds:很远上面是的云
Travelling at a height of 30,000 feet, far above the clouds, and at over 500 miles an hour is an exhilarating experience.
腾云驾雾，在30，000 英尺高空以500英里的时速旅行，这种经历令人令人兴奋。
exhilarating:令人兴奋
An aeroplane offers you an unusual and breathtaking view of the world.
飞机上，你可以观察世界上令人叹息的的奇妙的美景。
breathtaking:令人叹息的
However you decide to spend your time, one thing is certain: you will arrive at your destination fresh and uncrumpled.
不管你打算如何消磨时间，有件事是可以肯定的：即当你抵达目的地时，你感到新鲜，毫无倦意。
fresh:新鲜
In democratic countries any efforts to restrict the freedom of the press are rightly condemned.
在民主国家里，任何限制新闻自由的企图都正确地地受到谴责。
rightly:正确地
They would have continued to struggle against economic odds and would have lived in obscurity.
这家人会继续为克服经济上的拮据而奋斗，并在模糊地活下去。
in obscurity:在模糊
Gifts poured in not only from unknown people, but room baby food and soap manufacturers who wished to advertise their products.
不但未知人的人寄来了大量的礼物，而且婴儿食品、婴儿肥皂制造厂商为了替自己产品做广告也寄来了大量的礼物。
unknown people:未知人
No one can plead ignorance of a subject any longer, for these are countless do-it-yourself publications.
由于出版了不计其数的教人自己动手做事的书报杂志，没有人再能说对某事无知。
ignorance:无知
Armed with the right tools and materials, newlyweds gaily embark on the task of decorating their own homes.
新婚夫妇找来合适的工具和材料，狂热地地开始布置新房。
gaily:狂热地
Some wives tend to believe that their husbands are infinitely resourceful and can fix anything.
妻子常常认为她们的丈夫无比无限地聪明。
infinitely resourceful:无限地聪明
The mower firmly refused to mow, so I decided to dismantle it.
修完后割草机还是坚定地拒绝到修剪，于是，我决定把它拆开。
firmly refused to mow:坚定地拒绝到修剪
The garden was soon littered with chunks of metal which had once made up a lawn mower.
一会儿工夫，割草机便被拆成一个个金属零件，是不久杂乱地堆在花园里。
was soon littered:是不久杂乱
We always assume that villagers in remote places are friendly and hospitable.
我们总是以为偏僻的地方的村民们友善及客气。
friendly and hospitable:友善及客气
The village seemed deserted, the only sign of life being an ugly-looking black goat on a short length of rope tied to a tree in a field nearby.
村里似乎无人居住，唯一的生命迹象是附近田里一只丑陋的黑山羊，用一截短绳拴在一棵树上。
ugly-looking:丑陋
Sitting down on a dilapidated wooden fence near the field, we opened a couple of tins of sardines and had a picnic lunch.
我们在田边一堵腐烂的篱笆墙上坐下来，打开几听沙丁鱼罐头，吃了一顿野外午餐。
dilapidated:腐烂
The parquet floors shone like mirrors,highly polished silver was displayed in gleaming glass cabinets,even my uncle's huge collection of books was kept miraculously free from dust.
镶木地板洁如明镜，擦得发亮的银器陈列在明亮的玻璃柜里，连姑夫的大量藏书也保存得很好，奇迹般地免费从尘埃。
free from dust:免费从尘埃
Though my aunt pursued what was, in those days, an enlightened policy, in that she never allowed her domestic staff to work more than eight hours a day, she was extremely difficult to please.
姑妈待佣人在当时算是开明的，从来不让佣人每天工作超过8小时，但他们很难使她请。
please:请
While she always criticized the fickleness of human nature, she carried on an unrelenting search for the ideal servant to the end of her days,even after she had been sadly disillusioned by Bessie.
她一方面总是批评人的本性是的动荡，另一方面她又持之以恒地寻找一个理想的佣人，即使在贝西大大地伤她的心之后，她还在找，一直到她死去。
the fickleness:是的动荡
While she always criticized the fickleness of human nature, she carried on an unrelenting search for the ideal servant to the end of her days,even after she had been sadly disillusioned by Bessie.
她一方面总是批评人的本性朝三暮四，另一方面她又无休止的地寻找一个理想的佣人，即使在贝西大大地伤她的心之后，她还在找，一直到她死去。
unrelenting:无休止的
my aunt unexpectedly returned one afternoon with a party of guests and instructed Bessie to prepare dinner.
一天下午，她意外地地回来了，带来一大批客人，吩咐贝西准备晚饭。
unexpectedly:意外地
No only was the meal well below the usual standard, but Bessie seemed unable to walk steadily.
结果，不仅饭菜远不如平时做得好，而且贝西走起路来似乎不能到散步稳步地。。
unable to walk steadily.:不能到散步稳步地。
They had mysteriously found their way there from the wine cellar!
这些酒瓶神秘地地从酒窖来到了这里。
mysteriously:神秘地
If we remain inveterate smokers, it is only because we have so often experienced the frustration that results from failure.
如果我们烟瘾大，戒不掉，那是因为屡戒失败，失去信心。
failure:失败
An all-night party on New Year's Eve provided me with a good excuse for not carrying out either of these new resolutions on the first day of the year.
新年除夕举办的一次通宵晚会，使我与好的原谅地在新年头一天免去了这两项任务。
with a good excuse:与好的原谅
but on the second, I applied myself assiduously to the task.
不过，新年第二天，我坚持不懈地地照着去做了。
assiduously:坚持不懈地
After jumping about on the carpet and twisting the human frame into uncomfortable positions, I sat down at the breakfast table in an exhausted condition.
我在地毯上跳来蹦过去，扭曲身子，摆出各种姿势，弄得浑身不舒服，然后坐到桌边吃早饭，一副在一个疲惫不堪条件的样子。
in an exhausted condition:在一个疲惫不堪条件
That was really unsettling, but I fended off the taunts and jibes of the family good-humouredly.
这真叫人不好意思，但我封锁取消地顶住全家人的嘲笑和奚落。
fended off:封锁取消
How Harry came into the possession of this outlandish stuff makes an interesting story which he is fond of relating.
哈里如何得到这种野蛮的东西的，这里有个有趣的故事，而且他挺爱把它讲给别人听。
outlandish:野蛮
She produced all sorts of weird concoctions, but none of them met with Harry's requirements.
她拿出各种各样奇怪的化妆品，但没有一样能够符合哈里的要求。
weird:奇怪
He expected the assistant to look at him in blank astonishment.
他原想女售货员会惊奇地望着他，在空惊奇。
in blank astonishment:在空惊奇
He was glad to get away with a mere twenty pounds and he beat a hasty retreat, clutching the precious bottle under his arm.
他庆幸自己只破费了20英镑便得以脱身，他把那宝贵的瓶子放在腋下夹着，打匆忙撤退。
beat a hasty retreat:打匆忙撤退
The system has worked so well, that it has been adopted in other countries too.
由于这种制度工作那么好的，已被其他国家采纳。
worked so well:工作那么好的
If a citizen's complaint is justified, the Ombudsman will act on his behalf.
如果公民的意见正确，司法特派员便为他行动上他的代表。
act on his behalf:行动上他的代表
There was nothing in the record to show that the foreigner's complaint was justified and the Chief of Police strongly denied the accusation.
材料中没有任何文字记载证明外国人所说的情况符合事实，警察局长强烈地否认这一指控。
strongly denied:强烈地否认
The Ombudsman's prompt action at once put an end to an unpleasant practice which might have gone unnoticed.
司法特派员及时采取的行动，迅速制止了这一起不愉快的事件，不然这件事可能因未得到人们注意而放一个结束。
put an end:放一个结束
We enjoy staring at them, entranced as they go about their business, unaware (we hope) of our presence.
我们喜欢入迷地看它们做事，它们不知道（我们希望）我们就在它们身边。
we hope:我们希望
For a long time,I watched them scurrying around the base of the tree in bewilderment.
在很长一段时间里，我看见蚂蚁围着大树底部来回转悠，在困惑。
in bewilderment:在困惑
I even went out at midnight with a torch and noted with satisfaction (and surprise) that the ants were still swarming around the sticky tape without being able to do anything about it.
半夜，我还拿着电筒来到花园里，满意地（同时惊奇地）发现那些蚂蚁还围着胶带蜂拥四周，无能为力。
swarming around:蜂拥四周
I realized sadly that I had been completely defeated by their ingenuity.
我懊丧地感到败在了聪明的蚂蚁的手下。
ingenuity:聪明
We know instinctively, just as beekeepers with their bees, that misfortune might overtake us if the important events of our lives were not related to it.
我们本能地懂得，就像养蜂人和他的蜜蜂那样，要是我们不把生活中的重大的事件告诉那条河，就可能不幸。
misfortune:不幸
After a long period of rain the river may overflow its banks.
久雨这后，河水会溢出。
overflow:溢出
Their farm was low lying and who were newcomers to the district.
他们的农场地势低洼，而且他们又新人。
newcomers:新人
From an attic window we could get a sweeping view of the river where their land joined ours.
从顶楼窗口看去，我们农场与他们农场土地加入我们的的那段河流一览无余。
land joined ours:土地加入我们的
From an attic window we could get a sweeping view of the river where their land joined ours.
从顶楼窗口看去，我们农场与他们农场接壤处的那段河流获得扫除看。
get a sweeping view:获得扫除看
The first sign of disaster was a dead sheep floating down.
灾难的第一迹象是一只死羊浮动倒下。
floating down:浮动倒下
but we were afraid that the strength of the current would prevent its landing anywhere before it became exhausted.
但我们担心，洪水力量将使它上岸之前就疲惫不堪了。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
In the new country he became absorbed in making a new life for the two of us, so that he gradually ceased to grieve.
在这个新的国家里，父亲成为吸收地为我们俩开创一种新的生活，慢慢地不伤心了。
became absorbed:成为吸收
He became mortally ill a few months before we had planned to go.
就在他计划回国的前几个月，他突然成为致命的病。
became mortally ill:成为致命的病
when he knew that he was dying, he made me promise to go on my own.
他知道自己已是死亡，于是他要我答应一定单独回故乡一趟。
was dying:是死亡
Fortunately for me, as I was wondering what to do next, there appeared on the horizon a man on horseback, riding in my direction.
不过，我是幸运的，正当我是思索什么?到做下一个之时，从天边出现一个骑马的人向我骑来。
was wondering what to do next:是思索什么?到做下一个
Her shopping had tired her and her basket ad grown heavier with every step of the way home.
去商店买东西把她搞得有疲倦 ，在回家的路上，她每走一步，就感到手里的篮子又重了一点。
had tired:有疲倦
They went through the rooms, being careful to touch nothing, as they did not want to hinder the police in their search for fingerprints.
他俩搜遍这每一个房间，是小心地不接触任何东西，因为他们怕妨碍警察寻找指纹。
being careful:是小心
She had lived in the flat for thirty years and was a veritable magpie at hoarding.
老妇人在这套公寓里住了30年，她又是个真正的的收藏家。
veritable:真正的
Collecting, by occupying spare time so constructively, makes a person contented, with no time for boredom.
收藏活动通过富有建设性地利用业余时间使人感到满意，不再有无聊之日。
contented:满意
Without it, nothing could ever be brought to a conclusion and everything would be in state of chaos.
离开它将没什么可以永远是带来到结论，事事都会陷入混乱不堪的境地。
nothing could ever be brought to a conclusion:没什么可以永远是带来到结论
To her horror he said that she was two hours too soon.
搬运工说她早到了两个小时，她听后向她恐怖。
To her horror:向她恐怖
so the tools of long ago have remained when even the bones of the men who made them have disappeared without trace.
因此，尽管制造这些工具的人的骨头早已有消失了，但远古时代的石头工具却保存了下来。
have disappeared:有消失了
It is true that during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature, equipped in a manner with would make a modern climber shudder at the thought.
确实，在探险中他们经常遇到困难及危险的困难和危险，而他们装备之简陋足以使现代登山者一想起来就胆战心惊。
difficulties and dangers:困难及危险
It is true that during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature, equipped in a manner with would make a modern climber shudder at the thought.
确实，在探险中他们经常遇到惊心动魄的困难和危险，而他们装备之简陋足以使现代登山者一想起来就颤抖。
shudder:颤抖
Except for one or two places such as Zermatt and Chamonix, which had rapidly become popular, Alpine village tended to be impoverished settlements cut off from civilization by the high mountains.
除了泽曼特和夏蒙尼等一两个很快出了名的地方外，阿尔卑斯山山区的小村几乎全是高山环抱、与世隔绝的贫穷。
impoverished:贫穷
There is only one difference between an old man and a young one: the young man has a glorious future before him and the old one has a splendid future behind him:
老年人和青年人只有一个区别：青年人有美妙的的前景，而老年人的辉煌已成为过去。
splendid:美妙的
They have an air of freedom, and they not a dreary commitment to mean ambitions or love of comfort.
他们有一个空气的自由，他们既不追逐卑鄙的名利，也不贪图生活的舒适。
have an air of freedom:有一个空气的自由
He may be conceited, ill-mannered, presumptuous or fatuous, but I do not turn for protection to dreary cliches about respect of elders -- as if mere age were a reason for respect.
他也许狂妄自负，举止无理，傲慢放肆，傲慢的或愚蠢，但我不会用应当尊重长者这一套陈词滥调来为我自己辨护，似乎年长就是受人尊敬的理由。
resumptuous or fatuous:傲慢的或愚蠢
He may be conceited, ill-mannered, presumptuous or fatuous, but I do not turn for protection to dreary cliches about respect of elders -- as if mere age were a reason for respect.
他也许狂妄自负，举止无理，傲慢放肆，愚昧无知，但我不会用应当尊重长者这一套沉闷俗语来为我自己辨护，似乎年长就是受人尊敬的理由。
dreary cliches:沉闷俗语
behind the spectators, of the nations who work themselves into furies over these absurd contests, and seriously believe -- at any rate for short periods -- that running, jumping and kicking a ball are tests of national virtue.
面对着这些荒唐的比赛，参赛的各个国家会工作他们自己进入愤怒，甚至煞有介事地相信——至少在短期内如此——跑跑、跳跳、踢踢球是对一个民族品德素质的检验。
work themselves into furies:工作他们自己进入愤怒
The force there assembled was trivial compared with the Danish horde.
他集结在那里的军队和丹麦大军相比是微不足道的。
trivial:微不足道
Errors and uncertainties multiply, cascading upward through a chain of turbulent features, from dust devils and squalls up to continent-size eddies that only satellites can see.
错误和不可靠性上升， cscding向上的是一系列湍流的徵状，从小尘暴和暴风发展到只有卫星上可以看到的席卷整块大陆的旋涡。
cascading upward:cscding向上
This caused the construction of gigantic buildings where too large masses of human beings are crowded together.
这样就导致了许多摩天大厦是的建筑的，大厦内众多的人挤地一起。
the construction of:是的建筑的
The modern city consists of monstrous edifices and of dark, narrow streets full of petrol fumes and toxic gases, torn by the noise of the taxicabs, lorries and buses, and thronged ceaselessly by great crowds.
大得吓人的高楼和阴暗狭窄的街道组成了今日现代化的城市，街道上充斥着汽油味和有毒气体，出租汽车、卡车、公共汽车的噪音刺耳难忍，无休止地的人群挤来挤去。
ceaselessly:无休止地
This is not easy, and may require two porpoises working together.
这这是是不轻松，可能需要两只海豚合伙干才行。
This is not easy:这是是不轻松
Men accustomed to struggling for survival against the elements and Indians were bewildered by politicians, bankers and businessmen, and unhorsed by fences, laws and alien taboos.
习惯与大自然和印第安人作斗争以求生存的拓荒者被政客、银行家和商人搞得是不知所措，最后被圈地、尖律我外来的清规戒律所击败。
were bewildered:是不知所措
And, though the gleams blind and dazzle, yet do they convey a hint of beauty and serenity greater than we have known or imagined.
虽然这光芒令人失明及闪耀，但它确实给予我们一种不曾经历和无法想象的美感和静谧的启示。
blind and dazzle:失明及闪耀
That all great has this power of suggesting a world beyond is undeniable.
是不可否认的，一切伟大的艺术都具有使人遐想到进入天外世界的魅力。
is undeniable:是不可否认的
no sunset so beautiful that it does not waken the vision of a greater beauty, a vision which passes before it is fully glimpsed, and in passing leaves and indefinable longing and regret.
美丽的落日总会引起一个更加绚丽的景象未及饱览便通行证之前它是完全闪烁，并在消逝中给人留下不可名状的渴望和惆怅。
passes before it is fully glimpsed:通行证之前它是完全闪烁
no sunset so beautiful that it does not waken the vision of a greater beauty, a vision which passes before it is fully glimpsed, and in passing leaves and indefinable longing and regret.
美丽的落日总会引起一个更加绚丽的景象未及饱览便一闪即逝，并在消逝中给人留下不确定的渴望和惆怅。
indefinable:不确定
If we glimpse the unutterable, it is unwise to try to utter it.
如果我瞥见了只可意会不可说的事物，企图把它说出来，那上不明智的；
unutterable:不可说
if there is any effect of noise upon mental health, it must be so small that present methods of psychiatric diagnosis cannot find it.
如果噪音对精神健康有影响的话，那也一定是那么小，以致现代的精神病诊断方法还发现不了。
so small:那么小
All gun-ports were open and the muzzles peeped wickedly from them.
船上的炮眼开着，炮口被窥探邪恶地向外窥视着。
peeped wickedly:被窥探邪恶
The great advantage of taking medicine is that it makes no demands on the taker beyond that of putting up for a moment with a disgusting taste.
服药的最大优点是：除了暂时忍受一下令人厌恶的味道外，对服药人别无其他要求。
disgusting:令人厌恶
The continents form rugged tablelands which stand nearly three miles above the floor of the open ocean.
大陆是粗糙的高地，高出辽阔的海洋海底近三英里。
rugged:粗糙
There, a child grows up under the ever-present attention of his parent.
那里，孩子永远存在不在父母关怀下成长。
ever-present:永远存在
Before very long the parents will be complaining that the child is so secretive and never tells them anything, but they seldom realize that they have brought this on themselves.
不要很久,家长就会抱怨孩子那么秘密及永远说他们任何事情，什么事也不告诉他们，殊不知这是他们自找的。
so secretive and never tells them anything:那么秘密及永远说他们任何事情
Before very long the parents will be complaining that the child is so secretive and never tells them anything, but they seldom realize that they have brought this on themselves.
不要很久,家长就会抱怨孩子守口如瓶，什么事也不告诉他们，很少了解那这是他们自找的。
seldom realize that:很少了解那
And it should not be forgotten how small those resources are in a poor and backward country.
不应忘记，在一个穷人及逆向的国家里，那部分财力是很有限的。
poor and backward:穷人及逆向
To the extent that the people can be relied upon to behave in a loyal and responsible manner, the government does not require armies of police and civil servants to keep them in order.
如果人民行为在忠实及负责礼貌，举止规矩，能受到政府的信赖，那么政府就不需要大批的警察和文职人员运去促使人民遵纪守法。
behave in a loyal and responsible manner:行为在忠实及负责礼貌
I have known very few writers, but those I have known, and whom I respect, confess at once that they have little idea where they the are going when they first set pen to paper.
我所认识的作家非常很少，然而凡是我所认识和尊敬的作家，都立即承认在他们动笔时，不清楚要写什么，怎么写。
very few:非常很少
For the same reason, writers talk interminably about their own books, winkling out hidden meanings, super-imposing new ones, begging response from those around them.
由于这个原因，作家说话不可避免地地谈论自己的书，挖掘其隐晦的含义，询问周围人的反应。
talk interminably:说话不可避免地
when he flirts with fame, he is taking time off from living with himself, from the search for what his world contains at its inmost point.
当他挑逗与名声时，他就脱离了自我生活，脱离了对自己灵魂最深处世界的探索。
flirts with fame:挑逗与名声
First of all, they may have come to this planet of ours thousands or millions of years ago, and found our then prevailing primitive state completely uninteresting to their own advanced knowledge.
首先，他们可能在几千年前或几百年前已来过我们地球，并且发现我们地球当时占主导地位着的原始状态同他们的先进的知识相比是索然无味的。
prevailing:占主导地位
First of all, they may have come to this planet of ours thousands or millions of years ago, and found our then prevailing primitive state completely uninteresting to their own advanced knowledge.
首先，他们可能在几千年前或几百年前已来过我们地球，并且发现我们地球当时普遍存在着的原始状态同他们的先进的知识相比是完全不感兴趣的。
completely uninteresting:完全不感兴趣
The fact of first-rate importance is the predominant role that custom plays in experience and in belief, and the very great varieties it may manifest.
最重要的是，风俗在实践中和信仰上所起的占主导地位的作用，以及它所表现出来的极其丰富多采的形式。
predominant:占主导地位
From the moment of his birth, the customs into which he is born shape his experience and behaviour.
从他他的出生的时刻起，他所生于其中的风俗就开始塑造他的经历和行为规范。
his birth:他的出生
In the first place, any scientific study requires that there be no preferential weighting of one or another of the items in the series it selects for its consideration.
首先，任何科学研究都要求人们对可供考虑的诸多因素不能不优先加权的一个或另一个，偏向某一方面。
no preferential weighting of one or another:不优先加权的一个或另一个
twenty or thirty pages of ideas and information would be capable of turning the present-day world upside down, or even destroying it.
二三十页材料中的思想和情报会便当今的世界转动是的现时世界上边倒下，甚至毁灭这个世界。
turning the present-day world upside down:转动是的现时世界上边倒下
But this is not a business that can be undertaken in a day or swiftly improvised by a mere command of the will.
但这并非是所作的在一天，也不是单凭一蹴而就的事。
be undertaken in a day:是所作的在一天
But this is not a business that can be undertaken in a day or swiftly improvised by a mere command of the will.
但这并非一日之功，也不是单凭迅速即兴的事。
swiftly improvised:迅速即兴
As for the unfortunate people who can command everything they want, who can gratify every caprice and lay their hands on almost every object of desire.
至于那些能任意支配一切的“可怜的人”，他们能够感激每狂妄，能染指一切追求的目标。
gratify every caprice:感激每狂妄
The man who manoeuvres carelessly into his twenty pounds' worth of space at one of Europe's myriad permanent sites may find himself bumping a Bentley.
如果一位游客粗心地驾车驶入欧洲无数常年营地之一，花20镑租用一个空位，那么他可能会碰见一辆本特利汽车。
carelessly:粗心
It is unwise to make yourself so singular in your clothes.
你将自己的衣着弄得如此那么单一是不明智的。
so singular:那么单一
The little people felt happy and successful, and thought they were now secure.
小矮人们充满了幸福和成功的感觉，觉得从此可以安全了。
secure:安全
The little people's behavior was not very attractive or productive, but it was understandable.
他们的行为并不可取，而且也生产性，但我们总还是能够理解的。
productive:生产性
He had asked himself those same questions too many times and felt the fears again that kept him where he was.
同样的问题，他已经问过自己多少遍了，他又感到了那种使他保留他哪里他是的恐惧感。
kept him where he was:保留他哪里他是
He was taking control, rather than simply letting things happen to him.
他在掌握控制权，而不是租借一些事情发生、束手无策。
letting things happen:租借一些事情发生
Pondering off than those insincere the meaning of life, consider a more value.
细想开来，这比那些不诚实的人生意义，更有思考的价值。
insincere:不诚实
I really find it hard to understand why these Games will make people throughout the night, why television will make it difficult for them to extricate themselves?
我真的很难明白，为什么游戏会令这些人整个是的夜，为什么电视剧会令他们难于自拔？
throughout the night:整个是的夜
Abao's dream, even though looks a distant prospect, but still support him are not to be a mediocre life of the spirit of submerged pillars, a constant give Abao confidence and interest in the livelihood source of power.
阿宝的梦想，尽管看上去遥远前景，但依然是一个支持他不被平庸生活淹没的精神支柱，一个不断给阿宝生活信心和兴趣的动力源泉。
a distant prospect:遥远前景
Abao's dream, even though looks a distant prospect, but still support him are not to be a mediocre life of the spirit of submerged pillars, a constant give Abao confidence and interest in the livelihood source of power.
阿宝的梦想，尽管看上去遥不可及，但依然是一个支持他不被平庸生活淹没的是的精神的沉没柱子，一个不断给阿宝生活信心和兴趣的动力源泉。
the spirit of submerged pillars:是的精神的沉没柱子
Remember that in mind so that you have different dreams, not to put other people's dreams fastened eyes.
记住，心里有梦让你不同，不要把梦拴在别人的眼光中。
different:不同
An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth.
以眼还眼，牙齿为牙齿
a tooth for a tooth:牙齿为牙齿
You can’t make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear.
做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵也。
make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear:做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵
They talked about how the uses and abuses of figures to prove things in politics.
他们谈到人们如何在政治问题上使用及滥用数字来是的使用及滥用的。
the uses and abuses of:是的使用及滥用的
You may not like him, but you have got to admire his persistence.
你可以不喜欢他，但你不得不佩服他那种坚持的精神。
persistence:坚持
At the formal party I felt very awkward and out of place.
在正式的舞会上，我感到感觉非常笨拙，很不自在。
felt very awkward:感觉非常笨拙
Jeremy's just being blooded, so we don't expect him to be very good at the game.
哲瑞米是’s只是是血腥，所以我们并不指望他在这次比赛中表现得很好。
's just being blooded:’s只是是血腥
If you go on burning the candle at both ends, you will be ill.
你如果再这样去上燃烧是的蜡烛在两个结束地干活，你会病倒的。
go on burning the candle at both ends:去上燃烧是的蜡烛在两个结束
Stop giving me circular explanations and tell me what really happened.
别圆形地解释了，告诉我究竟发生了什么。
circular:圆形
I found it hard to keep my concentration with such a noise going on.
吵闹声去上，我很难保持精神集中。
going on:去上
The long drawn-out conflict between the employers and workers led to the strike last week.
劳资之间长拔出的纠纷导致了上周的罢工。
long drawn-out:长拔出
He is a contemporary of mine, but our experiences are completely different.
他和我是同龄人，但我们的经历完全不同。
completely different:完全不同
Never before have they been so inspired and so daring as at present.
从来没有看见他们像现在这样那么受到启发，意气风发。
so inspired:那么受到启发
Never before have they been so inspired and so daring as at present.
从来没有看见他们像现在这样精神振奋，那么勇敢。
so daring:那么勇敢
Trying to keep this garden in order is the despair of my life.
把这个花园管理好是我是的绝望的我的生命的事。
the despair of my life:是的绝望的我的生命
His illness was a blessing in disguise, because he afterwards married his nurse.
他生病倒是祝福在伪装，因为后来他和他的护士结了婚。
a blessing in disguise:祝福在伪装
My judgement was frequently faulty, but my loyalty to the nation could not be questioned.
我的判断经常出错，但是我对祖国的忠诚是可以不是怀疑的。
could not be questioned:可以不是怀疑
There were two or three palm trees flourishing in the promenade garden.
街心花园里有两三棵繁荣的的棕榈树。
flourishing:繁荣的
That silly child never does anything; he just fools about all day long.
那个傻孩子从来不做事，只是整天傻瓜关于。
fools about:傻瓜关于
To be very frank, I think you have very little chance of getting the job.
坦白地说，我认为你获得这项工作的机会很小。
little:很小
The kids glued their eyes to the TV set, watching a cartoon.
孩子们粘贴他们眼睛地盯着电视机看卡通片。
glued their eyes:粘贴他们眼睛
I'm just kicking my heels until the beginning of the new term.
新学期开学前，我一直射击我的跟鞋。
kicking my heels:射击我的跟鞋
He is an agreeable fellow, but likes to blow his own horn.
他是一个随和的人，但就是喜欢吹他的自有角。
blow his own horn:吹他的自有角
The soldiers husband their strength and their food, waiting for the enemy to attack.
士兵们丈夫他们力量，节约粮草，以期反击敌人的进攻。
husband their strength:丈夫他们力量
Later, people use the idiom "bring the dying to life" to praise the excellent skill of a doctor.
后来，人们就用“带来是的死亡到生命”来比喻那些很精通医术的医生。
bring the dying to life:带来是的死亡到生命
As he had nothing to tell, he refused to give any interviews to the journalists.
他由于有没什么到说，拒绝了记者采访。
had nothing to tell:有没什么到说
The police must do all they can to bring criminals to justice.
警方必须做所有他们可以追捕罪犯，将他们绳之以法。
do all they can:做所有他们可以
The police must do all they can to bring criminals to justice.
警方必须竭尽全力追捕罪犯，将他们带来罪犯到公正。
bring criminals to justice:带来罪犯到公正
I think it would be a kindness to tell him the bad news straight away.
我认为直线离开地告诉他这个坏消息倒是友好的行为。
straight away:直线离开
I couldn't understand what the man was saying; he was as drunk as a lord.
我听不懂那个人在说些什么，他醉汉如陛下。
drunk as a lord:醉汉如陛下
New blocks of flats and offices have mushroomed all over the city.
在全市各处如有 mushroomed般出现了许多新公寓和办公楼。
have mushroomed:有 mushroomed
All other anxieties paled into insignificance besides the possibility of war.
和可能打仗相比，所有其他忧虑都变得微不足道了。
insignificance:微不足道
We took pity on the homeless girl and took her into our house.
我们同情这个无家可归的女孩，让她住进了我们的屋子里。
homeless:无家可归
Since she joined the team last season she has made her presence felt.
自从上个赛季加入这个队以来，她就使人感到她是个存在感觉的队员。
presence felt:存在感觉
The house is in a prominent position on the village green.
这间屋子在村子的中心草地上，处于突出的位置。
prominent:突出
His mother has trained him to be a very proper young man.
他的母亲已经把他训练成适当的人。
proper:适当
Even after racking his brains he couldn't think of a single example.
即使抢劫他的大脑，他还是连一个例子也想不出来。
racking his brains:抢劫他的大脑
His mind was reeling with all that he had seen and heard.
他的所有那他有已见及听到使他内心大为震动。
all that he had seen and heard:所有那他有已见及听到
It was a great relief to find that my family was all safe.
看到我的家人是所有安全，我感到极大的欣慰。
was all safe:是所有安全
I wish we could see more new programmes on television, not repeats all the time.
我真希望我们能够看到更多新的电视节目，而不是重复所有是的时间的那几个老节目。
repeats all the time:重复所有是的时间
Anyone swimming in this lake does so at his own risk.
任何人在此湖中冒险游泳，其在他的自有风险。
at his own risk:在他的自有风险
His amusing performance caused a roar of laughter in the audience.
他那有趣的表演引起了观众的尖叫的笑。
a roar of laughter:尖叫的笑
It made me sad to hear you have to go away.
听到你有到去离开，我觉得很伤心。
have to go away:有到去离开
If we were the bosses, we'd consider finding a replacement for this uptight, petty, sanctimonious clerk.
如果我们是老板，就会考虑解雇这种坚固且固执伪善的小职员。
uptight:坚固
It was no just and sapient counsellor, in its last analysis.
在它的最后分析，这良心也不是一个聪明正直的顾问。
in its last analysis:在它的最后分析
He slammed the papers down on my desk and angrily walked out.
他把文件使劲扔在我的桌子上便愤怒地地走了出去。
angrily:愤怒地
If I tell where I'm going, promise you won't split on me?
如果我告诉你我去哪，你愿意保证不会的分裂上我吗？
won't split on me:不会的分裂上我
I told him in no uncertain terms to mind his own business.
我在不不确定条款地叫他别管闲事。
in no uncertain terms:在不不确定条款
Such was the picture, and he thrilled to the memory of it.
当时正是这样的情景，他回想起来还感到很兴奋。
thrilled:很兴奋
We won the contract but only through a lot of tough negotiating.
我们赢得了合同，但是却经过了多次很多的不耐烦的谈判才达到目的。
a lot of tough:很多的不耐烦
His character seems to have undergone a complete transformation since his marriage.
他结婚之后性格完成变换。
a complete transformation:完成变换
Even at full speed the ship's engines cause very little vibration.
这条船即使在完全速度，发动机的震动也很小。
at full speed:在完全速度
The leader's vital and cheerful manner filled his men with courage.
指挥官生命力及愉快礼貌和欢欣愉悦的神态使士兵们勇气倍增。
vital and cheerful manner:生命力及愉快礼貌
A bird is known by its note, and a man by his talk.
A鸟类是已知以它的注意,，听其言知其人。
A bird is known by its note,:A鸟类是已知以它的注意,
A father is a treasure, a brother is a comfort, but a friend is both.
父亲是财富，兄弟是安慰，朋友是两个。
is both:是两个
A good book is a best friend who never turns his back upon us.
一本好书，最好的朋友谁永远轮流他的背面上我们。
a best friend who never turns his back upon us:最好的朋友谁永远轮流他的背面上我们
A good neighbour is better than a bother in the next village.
A好的邻居是更好比烦扰在是的下一个村庄。
A good neighbour is better than a bother in the next village:A好的邻居是更好比烦扰在是的下一个村庄
A good tale is none the worse for being twice told.
好故事是没有是的更糟为是两次被告知。
is none the worse for being twice told:是没有是的更糟为是两次被告知
A journey of a thousand miles begains with a single step.
A旅行的千英里，始于足下。
A journey of a thousand miles:A旅行的千英里
A man knows his companion in a long journey and a little inn.
路遥知马力，A男人知道他的伴在长旅行及很小旅馆。
A man knows his companion in a long journey and a little inn:A男人知道他的伴在长旅行及很小旅馆
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
一个每小时在是的早上是价值两在是的晚上在于晨。
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening:一个每小时在是的早上是价值两在是的晚上
As soon as you have drunk, you turn your back upon the spring.
阿斯不久如你有醉汉,你转动你的背面上是的春天。
As soon as you have drunk, you turn your back upon the spring:阿斯不久如你有醉汉,你转动你的背面上是的春天
As you make your bed so you must lie on it.
阿斯你做你的床那么你必须撒谎上它。
As you make your bed so you must lie on it:阿斯你做你的床那么你必须撒谎上它
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
A千词汇不如一个行动。
A thousand words:A千词汇
A wise man will make tools of what comes to hand.
聪明的人能做工具的什么?到来到手。。
make tools of what comes to hand.:做工具的什么?到来到手。
Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails.
蜜蜂那有蜜蜂在他们口有刺伤在他们尾巴。
Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails:蜜蜂那有蜜蜂在他们口有刺伤在他们尾巴
By the street of "Bye and bye" one arrives at the house of "Never".
迁延因循，再见一个到达在是的房子的”“永远”。
bye" one arrives at the house of "Never":再见一个到达在是的房子的”“永远”
Cast not out the foul water till you bring in the clean.
铸造不出去是的恶意水直到你带来在是的清洁。
Cast not out the foul water till you bring in the clean:铸造不出去是的恶意水直到你带来在是的清洁
Do not to others what you do not wish them to do to you.
做不到其他什么?你做不希望他们到做到你。。
Do not to others what you do not wish them to do to you.:做不到其他什么?你做不希望他们到做到你。
Good for good every man can do, good for bad only a noble man can do.
以德报德，人人都能做到；好为好的每男人可以做只有高尚的人才能办到。
Good for good every man can do:好为好的每男人可以做
He is not a wise man who cannot play the fool on occasion.
不能偶而玩是的傻瓜上偶尔，就不是一个聪明人。
play the fool on occasion:玩是的傻瓜上偶尔
He may well be contented who need neither borrow nor flatter.
一个既不用借债又不用奉承人的人，可以称得上好的是满意。
well be contented:好的是满意
He that has a great nose thinks everybody is speaking of it.
他那有伟大的鼻想每个人都是说话的它。
He that has a great nose thinks everybody is speaking of it:他那有伟大的鼻想每个人都是说话的它
He that lies down with dogs must rise up with fleas.
他那谎言倒下与狗必须升高高与弗莱斯。
He that lies down with dogs must rise up with fleas:他那谎言倒下与狗必须升高高与弗莱斯
He who has a mind to beat his dog will easily find his stick.
他谁有思绪到打他的狗意志很容易找到他的棍棒。
He who has a mind to beat his dog will easily find his stick:他谁有思绪到打他的狗意志很容易找到他的棍棒
He who makes himself a dove is eaten by the hawk.
他谁使自己鸽子是吃以是的鹰。
He who makes himself a dove is eaten by the hawk:他谁使自己鸽子是吃以是的鹰
Idleness is the root (or mother) of all evil (or sin or vice).
懒惰是是的根(或母亲)的所有邪恶(或罪恶或恶意)。
the root (or mother) of all evil (or sin or vice):是的根(或母亲)的所有邪恶(或罪恶或恶意)
If each would sweep before his own door, we should have a clean city.
如果每个会扫除之前他的自有门,我们应该有清洁城市。
If each would sweep before his own door, we should have a clean city:如果每个会扫除之前他的自有门,我们应该有清洁城市
If one desires to succeed in anything, he must pay the price.
如果想做成点事，就得支付是的价格一干。
pay the price:支付是的价格
If there were no clouds, we should not enjoy the sun.
如果在那儿是不云,我们应该不享受是的太阳。
If there were no clouds, we should not enjoy the sun:如果在那儿是不云,我们应该不享受是的太阳
If you agree to carry the calf, they'll make you carry the cow.
如果你同意到承载是的公牛,他们会做你承载是的牛。
If you agree to carry the calf, they'll make you carry the cow:如果你同意到承载是的公牛,他们会做你承载是的牛
It is as well to know which way the wind blows.
它是如好的到知道那些路面是的风吹。
It is as well to know which way the wind blows:它是如好的到知道那些路面是的风吹
It's no sin to sell dear, but a sin to give ill measure.
高价卖不为过，给予病测量才有罪。
give ill measure:给予病测量
Keep thing seven years and you will find a use for it.
保持事情七岁月及你意志找到使用为它。
Keep thing seven years and you will find a use for it:保持事情七岁月及你意志找到使用为它
Keep good men company, and you shall be of the number.
保持好的男士公司,及你应是的是的数目。
Keep good men company, and you shall be of the number:保持好的男士公司,及你应是的是的数目
Love is a sweet tyranny, because the lover endures his torment willingly.
爱情是甜蜜的虐政，情人自愿地受它的折磨。
willingly:自愿
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
做所有你可以，尽力节约，尽力施舍。
Make all you can:做所有你可以
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.
不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不金冠。
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown:不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不金冠
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.
不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不皇冠。。
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.:不痛苦,不棕榈;不荆棘,不君主;不甘油,不荣耀;不十字架,不皇冠。
Nothing is impossible (or difficult) to the man who will try.
没什么是不可能(或困难)到是的男人谁意志试着。。
Nothing is impossible (or difficult) to the man who will try.:没什么是不可能(或困难)到是的男人谁意志试着。
Of young men die many, of old men escape not any.
年轻人死得不少，而年迈者是逃脱不任何。
escape not any:逃脱不任何
One cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
一个不能做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵。
One cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear:一个不能做丝绸钱包出去的母猪耳朵
One man makes a chair and another man sits in it.
一个男人使椅子及另一个男人坐着在它。
One man makes a chair and another man sits in it:一个男人使椅子及另一个男人坐着在它
One man may steal a horse while another may not look over a hedge.
一个男人可以偷窃马同时另一个可以不看以上篱笆。
One man may steal a horse while another may not look over a hedge:一个男人可以偷窃马同时另一个可以不看以上篱笆
Reading makes a full amn, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man.
博览群书使人使完全阿姆，冥思苦想让人深刻精邃，论证阐述让人头脑清晰。
makes a full amn:使完全阿姆
Reading makes a full amn, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man.
博览群书使人完美无瑕，冥想让人深刻精邃，论证阐述让人头脑清晰。
meditation:冥想
Save a thief from gallows and he will help hang you.
保存盗贼从麻雀及他意志帮助悬挂你。
Save a thief from gallows and he will help hang you:保存盗贼从麻雀及他意志帮助悬挂你
Say not all that you know, believe not all that you hear.
说不所有那你知道,相信不所有那你听。
Say not all that you know, believe not all that you hear:说不所有那你知道,相信不所有那你听
Speak clearly if you speak at all, Carve every word before you let it fall.
要说就索性说得一清二楚，说出前每句话要说话很明显如果你说话在所有。
Speak clearly if you speak at all:说话很明显如果你说话在所有
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
做事要到故意，但时机一到，就要动手，不要犹豫。
to deliberate:到故意
That is a good book which is opened with expectation and closed with profit.
好书开卷与期望，闭卷使人得益。
with expectation:与期望
That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful.
美丽而引人注目的东西不一定都善良，但善良的东西总是美丽的。
striking:引人注目
The best horse needs breaking, and the aptest child needs teaching.
。最好的马需要破坏,及是的最优的孩子需要教学。
The best horse needs breaking, and the aptest child needs teaching:。最好的马需要破坏,及是的最优的孩子需要教学
The cow knows not what her tail is worth until she has lost it.
。牛知道不什么?她尾巴是价值直到她有失去它。
The cow knows not what her tail is worth until she has lost it:。牛知道不什么?她尾巴是价值直到她有失去它
The day is long to him who knows not how to use it.
。一天是长到他谁知道不如何到使用它。
The day is long to him who knows not how to use it:。一天是长到他谁知道不如何到使用它
The devil may get in by the keyhole, but the door won't let him out.
魔鬼获得在以是的钥匙孔，开门撵它不出。
get in by the keyhole:获得在以是的钥匙孔
The drop hollows the stone, not by force, but by the frequency of its fall.
。降落空洞是的石头不是由于使用强力所致，而是由于滴水频繁所成。
The drop hollows the stone:。降落空洞是的石头
The fool does think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
愚者自以为聪明，智者则有知道自己到是傻瓜。
knows himself to be a fool:知道自己到是傻瓜
The fox knew too much, that's how he lost his tail.
知道也很多，反误了卿卿性命。
knew too much:知道也很多
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
不犯错误的人往往也就是是的不通常做任何事情。的人。
does not usually make anything.:是的不通常做任何事情。
The more things a man is ashamed of the more respectable he is.
一个人是羞愧的事情越多，就越可尊敬。
is ashamed:是羞愧
The most useful learning in the world is that which teches us how to die well.
世界上最有用的学问是告诉我们怎样到死亡好的。
to die well:到死亡好的
There are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it.
海里的好鱼是永远来了出去的它的。
ever came out of it:永远来了出去的它
There are no birds of this year in last year's nests.
在那儿是不鸟类的这个年份在最后年份巢穴。
There are no birds of this year in last year's nests:在那儿是不鸟类的这个年份在最后年份巢穴
The water that bears the boat is the same that swallows it up.
。水那熊是的船是是的同样的那吞食它高。
The water that bears the boat is the same that swallows it up:。水那熊是的船是是的同样的那吞食它高
They who cannot do as they would, must do as they can.
不能做如他们会者，也当尽力而为之。
do as they would:做如他们会
They who cannot do as they would, must do as they can.
不能为所欲为者，也当做如他们可以之。
do as they can:做如他们可以
Things of a kind come together; people of a kind fall into the same group.
事情的那种来吧一起;人的那种秋天进入是的同样的团体。。
Things of a kind come together; people of a kind fall into the same group.:事情的那种来吧一起;人的那种秋天进入是的同样的团体。
Though you cast out nature with a fork, it will still return.
尽管你铸造出去自然与叉子,它意志仍旧返回。
Though you cast out nature with a fork, it will still return:尽管你铸造出去自然与叉子,它意志仍旧返回
To hear a hundred times is not so good as to see once.
向听一百时间是不那么好的如到看一次。
To hear a hundred times is not so good as to see once:向听一百时间是不那么好的如到看一次
To live in the hearts of those left behind is not to die.
活在后人心，虽左后面是不到死亡。
left behind is not to die:左后面是不到死亡
Two dogs strive for a bone, and a third runs away with it.
两狗努力为骨头,及第三跑离开与它。
Two dogs strive for a bone, and a third runs away with it:两狗努力为骨头,及第三跑离开与它
Wash a dog, comb a dog, Still a dog, remains a dog.
洗狗,梳子狗,仍旧狗,留下的狗。
Wash a dog, comb a dog, Still a dog, remains a dog:洗狗,梳子狗,仍旧狗,留下的狗
We must repeat a thousand and one times that perseverance is the only road to success.
我们必须千百次地反覆说明，坚持不懈是取得胜利的唯一道路。
perseverance:坚持不懈
We only live once,, but if we work it right once is enough.
我们生命只一次，工作它右一次一次足矣。
work it right once:工作它右一次
We only live once,, but if we work it right once is enough.
我们生命只一次，好自为之一次是够了。
is enough:是够了
What is there sadder under the sun than a day that is gone and notyhing done.
世界上没有什么事情，较之虚度年华，不耐烦已完成，更使人痛心。
notyhing done:不耐烦已完成
What the eye does not see, the heart does not grieve over.
什么?是的眼睛是的不看,是的心是的不悲伤以上。
What the eye does not see, the heart does not grieve over:什么?是的眼睛是的不看,是的心是的不悲伤以上
What you lose on the swings you gain (or get back) on the roundabouts.
什么?你失去上是的摇摆你获利(或获得背面)上是的环形车站。
What you lose on the swings you gain (or get back) on the roundabouts:什么?你失去上是的摇摆你获利(或获得背面)上是的环形车站
When stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
蠢人做件羞愧事，总说它是他的义务。
it is his duty:它是他的义务
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions.
什么时候悲伤来吧,他们来吧不单身间谍,但在兵团。
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions:什么时候悲伤来吧,他们来吧不单身间谍,但在兵团
With time and patience the leaf of the mulberry becomes satin.
与时间及耐心是的叶子的是的桑成为沙丁。
With time and patience the leaf of the mulberry becomes satin:与时间及耐心是的叶子的是的桑成为沙丁
In many countries you have to haggle before you buy anything.
在许多国家里买东西之前都得闪烁。
haggle:闪烁
Rather throw the helve after the hatchet, and leave your ruins to be repaired by your prince.
与其投掷是的螺旋之后是的帽子，不如让你的君主来修复你的废墟吧。
throw the helve after the hatchet:投掷是的螺旋之后是的帽子
There are piles of papers all over the desk with no semblance of order.
桌子上堆满了一堆堆与不类似的命令的文件。
with no semblance of order:与不类似的命令
His servile expression of praise for his employer was disgusting to me.
他奉承雇主的那副服务员的嘴脸令我恶心。
servile:服务员
The scientist has spent six months in the solitudes of the Antarctic.
这位科学家已经在在是的孤独的南极待了六个月了。
in the solitudes:在是的孤独
When I get frustrated and angry, I have to vent my spleen on someone.
我受尽挫折，生气时，禁不住想找谁发一顿脾气。
angry:生气
It was a marvelous night with a tempest to rouse the gods.
真是个美妙的夜晚，暴风雨惊人。
marvelous:惊人
The signing of this agreement will help to reduce international tension.
这项协议的签订将有助于缓和国际紧张。
tension:紧张
I'm not blowing my own trumpet, but I did all the top jobs.
我并不是吹我的自有 trumpet，但所有的重要工作都是我干的。
blowing my own trumpet:吹我的自有 trumpet
Because he was an incorrigible criminal,he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
他是一个不可修饰的罪犯,因此被判终生监禁。
incorrigible:不可修饰
The sinister atmosphere of the place left an indelible imprint on my memory.
此处不祥的氛围在我的记忆中刻下了不可消灭印记的印记。
indelible imprint:不可消灭印记
The belief that one should work hard is ingrained in our culture.
人人都应该努力工作这个信念在我们的文化中内在的。
ingrained:内在的
the church was almost in ruins but its tower remained intact.
教堂几乎成为废墟，但塔楼却留下的无损。
remained intact:留下的无损
The prelude was as iridescent as a prism in a morning room.
这个序曲就象清晨房间里的一块三棱镜一样闪烁。
ridescent:闪烁
they lambasted the report as a gross distortion of the truth.
他们激烈批评该报告是严重毛额扭曲。
a gross distortion:毛额扭曲
plants may appear to be languishing simply because they are dormant.
植物可能只是因休眠而显得苦难。
languishing:苦难
the more lurid details of the massacre were too frightening for the children.
有关大屠杀更可怕的细节太可怕了，不适合让孩子们听。
frightening:可怕
learned French by osmosis while residing in Paris for 15 years
居住在巴黎的十五年中已经以渗透地学习了法语
by osmosis:以渗透
This is just the sort of news that makes oil traders jumpy.
这正是这类使油商人跳跃的新闻。
jumpy:跳跃
The refugees are still jumpy, although they are now in safety.
难民们虽然已经到了安全地带，但还是跳跃的
jumpy:跳跃
He has been leering at a girl at the next table.
他一直在射击地斜眼看桌边的女孩。
leering:射击
It is narrow after the bed narrow almirah, the bookshelf of loom.
床后是窄窄的衣橱，的织机的书架。
of loom:的织机
Last night I met a wild and lurid, gruesome and grisly bandit.
昨晚我遇到了一个野蛮而可怕，可憎而令人悲惨的强盗。
grisly:悲惨
The cake maker shakes a naked snake with the quaking rake without sake.
蛋糕制造者没有酒地用抖动的耙子摇一条赤裸的蛇。
without sake:没有酒
The contribution distributor thinks the microcomputer pollution is absolutely beyond dispute.
捐款分配者认为微机污染是绝对绝对超越争论的。
absolutely beyond dispute:绝对超越争论
The exhausted man and the trustful guy thrust a knife into the rusty crust.
精疲力竭的男子和可靠的家伙将一把刀子刺向生锈的外壳。
trustful:可靠
In the hot hotel the devoted voter did not notice the noticeable notebook.
在炎热的旅馆里,热心的投票者没有注意到值得注意的的笔记本。
noticeable:值得注意的
The absent-minded student consents to the sentence in the presence of me.
心不在焉的学生在我面前同意这份判决。
absent-minded:心不在焉
It's a fable that the cable enables the disabled man to be able to walk.
电缆使得残疾人能够行走是传说。
fable:传说
The pious man is dubious about the vicious civilian's vivid description of his vicinity to his wife.
虔诚的男子对邪恶的平民生动的描述他与其妻子的密切（关系）是怀疑。
is dubious:是怀疑
The accessory successor never made concessions to difficulties, so he succeeded in accessing successive successes.
附属继承人从未向困难妥协，因此在走向连续的成功在上成功了。
succeeded in:成功在
The poet's toes get out of his shoes. Here heroes are zeros.
诗人的脚趾露出了鞋子。在这里英雄是零。
are zeros:是零
It's incredible that the editor's editorial in this edition is edible.
本版中的编辑社论可以食用让人是的不可思议。
It's incredible:是的不可思议
In the discussion I discovered that the lost cover was recovered.
在讨论中我发现盖子是的失去遮盖是恢复。
the lost cover was recovered:是的失去遮盖是恢复
To the ants, the infant elephant is a giant in the plantation.
对蚂蚁们来说,幼小的大象是种植园里的巨人,.
a giant、:巨人,
On the porter's passport a portion of the portrait isn't proportional.
在搬运工的护照上,部分肖像不是比例。
isn't proportional:不是比例
The incapable man in cap went into the hospitable capital hospital.
戴帽的无能男子走进客气的首都医院。
hospitable:客气
The upset supplement supplier went up with the puppet to the upper room for supper.
沮丧的增刊供给者与傀儡一起到上面的房间吃晚餐。
upset:沮丧
Life on a farm is a far cry from what I've been used to.
农场生活与我已过惯的日子很远哭泣,。
a far cry、:很远哭泣,
The product was so successful that its name became a household word.
这一产品非常成功，其名称已经成为家庭词语。
became a household word:成为家庭词语
I'm buried under a mountain of work so I can't go out.
我的工作山的工作，因此不能外出。
a mountain of work:山的工作
The description'produce of more than one country' can cover a multitude of sins.
｀多国产物＇之说尽可遮盖大量的罪了。
cover a multitude of sins:遮盖大量的罪
Don't equivocate with me I want a straight answer to a straight question!
别跟我绕弯子--我问的问题直线，回答也要直线！
straight:直线
When the child saw all the room filled with strangers, he was much abashed.
那小孩一看到满屋子都是陌生人，感到非常是很多淡淡。
was much abashed:是很多淡淡
His manners are beyond reproach -- I've never met anyone so polite.
他的举止非常得体，我从未见过像他那么那么礼貌的人。
so polite:那么礼貌
His story of being kidnapped by little green men was sheer absurdity.
他说他遭到矮小的绿种人绑架，这纯粹是荒谬。
absurdity:荒谬
One slip on this mountain and you will fall into the abyss.
在这座山上一失足便会跌入是的深渊。
the abyss:是的深渊
When he was accused of stealing, he raved wildly against me.
当他被控犯偷窃罪时，他气呼呼地把我不耐烦野蛮地。
raved wildly:不耐烦野蛮地
We are sending you some money in acknowledgement of your valuable help.
我们送些酬劳，对您的贵重帮助聊表谢意。
valuable help:贵重帮助
A man may talk like a wise man and act like a fool.
说得说话如聪明男人，干得颠三倒四。
talk like a wise man:说话如聪明男人
A man may talk like a wise man and act like a fool.
说得天花乱坠，干得行动如傻瓜。
act like a fool:行动如傻瓜
Acting on inside information, the police were able to arrest the gang before the robbery occurred.
警方根据匪徒内部情报，在劫案发生前把他们逮捕。
arrest:逮捕
Mental acceptance of and conviction in the truth, actuality, or validity of something.
信念对真理、事实或某物的正确性在思想上接受或定罪
conviction:定罪
She was so angry that she actually tore up the letter.
她那么生气竟然将信撕碎了。
so angry:那么生气
She quailed at the prospect of addressing such a large crowd.
她想到要在如大人群之中讲话心里就发毛。
such a large crowd:如大人群
The typist received an admonition from the supervisor for being careless.
那个打字员因是粗心受到管理人的训诫。
being careless:是粗心
He kept the adrenalin flowing with off-and-on feuds with his critics.
他断断续续地同评论家们离职战争，使得肝火旺盛。
off-and-on feuds:离职战争
A good friend will not desert one in time of adversity.
好朋友不会在人遭到厄运时沙漠。
desert:沙漠
The robbers stood aghast at the sudden appearance of the policemen.
警察人员的突然出现，使那几个盗贼惊恐。
aghast:惊恐
He became quite agitated when he was asked about his criminal past.
当问到他过去的犯罪历史时，他变得十分非常激动。
quite agitated:非常激动
The increasingly dull nature of many industrial jobs has led to the alienation of many workers.
许多工业工作越来越单调刻板，导致很多工人是的疏远的的倾向。
the alienation of:是的疏远的
The two runners contested the race closely it was nip and tuck all the way.
那两个赛跑选手竞争激烈－－在赛程中一直奈普及拖拉所有是的路面。
nip and tuck all the way:奈普及拖拉所有是的路面
Bangkok is surrounded by a vast, damp, alluvial plain, crisscrossed by a network of klong.
曼谷为一个广阔潮湿的冲积平原所环绕，有横断的运河网。
crisscrossed:横断
He made amends for his rude remarks by giving her some flowers.
他赠她一些鲜花，以此对自己粗鲁评论表示歉意。
rude remarks:粗鲁评论
The oars were silver, / Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke, and made the / Water which they beat to follow faster / As amorous of their strokes.
……银色的船桨，随着笛声拍节在水中摇划，击起了层层水波，痴情地跟进更快。
follow faster:跟进更快
The patient's condition was critical and she needed an operation but there was no guarantee that she would survive the anaesthetic; the surgeon was on the horns of a dilemma.
病人条件是关键性，因而需要手术，但又无法保证她是否能经受得住麻醉剂，外科医生处于进退两难的境地。
condition was critical:条件是关键性
The patient's condition was critical and she needed an operation but there was no guarantee that she would survive the anaesthetic; the surgeon was on the horns of a dilemma.
病人情况危急，因而需要手术，但又无法保证她是否能经受得住麻醉剂，外科医生处于是上是的角的困境的境地。
was on the horns of a dilemma:是上是的角的困境
IBM dropped yet another bombshell on Wall Street yesterday, warning analysts to expect at least an80% slide in second-quarter earnings.
国际商业机器有限公司昨天又在华尔街宣布了一项炸弹弹的消息，警告分析家说他们可以预期第二季度盈利至少下降百分之八十。
bombshell:炸弹弹
An anarchic state of affairs in the office; an anarchic mobile sculpture.
办公室事物一个无政府状态的事务的情形；可随便移动的雕塑。
An anarchic state of affairs:一个无政府状态的事务
Her pledge to remain faithful to him was his anchor when he was in prison.
她对他留下忠实的保证是他服刑期间的精神支柱。
remain faithful:留下忠实
Her pledge to remain faithful to him was his anchor when he was in prison.
她对他忠贞不渝的保证是他服刑期间的锚。
anchor:锚
The boy talked in an animated way about his trip to the jungle.
那男孩在一个活化路面地谈着他的热带丛林之行。
in an animated way:在一个活化路面
He is in an anomalous position as the only part-time worker in the firm.
他在一个异常位置，是公司里唯一的兼职人员。
in an anomalous position:在一个异常位置
The holiday itself was rather an anticlimax after all the excitement of planning it.
尽管计划度假时所有是的兴奋，而到头来假日本身却颇为扫兴。
all the excitement:所有是的兴奋
Antonio, a merchant in Venice, was liked by everyone because he was always ready to help others.
威尼斯商人安东尼奥是大家所喜欢的人，因为他总是准备好到帮助其他。
ready to help others:准备好到帮助其他
The week of the flood was an anxious time for all of us.
闹水灾的那一星期是使我们大家都是一个焦急的日子。
was an anxious:是一个焦急
Don't keep us in suspense any longer -- what happens at the end of the story?
别再让我们保持我们在悬挂了，结局究竟怎麽样？
keep us in suspense:保持我们在悬挂
We can't take on any more work we're fully stretched at the moment.
我们不能再接受更多的工作了--目前已经完全伸展了。
fully stretched:完全伸展
A time, Hera, Poseidon, Apollo, and all the other Olympians, except Hestia, surrounded him suddenly as he lay asleep on his couch and bound him with rawhide thongs, knotted into a hundred knots, so that he could not move.
有一次，赫拉、波塞冬、阿波罗和除了赫斯提外所有的奥林波斯神祗乘宙斯躺在床上熟睡之际四周他突然，用生牛皮绳把他捆绑起来并打上一百个绳结，使他动弹不得。
surrounded him suddenly:四周他突然
We were appalled at the prospect of having to miss our holiday.
我们为失去这一假日而感到是惊恐.
were appalled:是惊恐
The apparent cause of his illness was excessive drinking, but the real cause was his deep grief at his wife's death.
他生病的表面原因是饮酒过度，但实际原因是深悲伤在他的妻子的死亡。
deep grief at his wife's death:深悲伤在他的妻子的死亡
You know you've arrived when you're asked to appear on TV.
邀请你在电视上亮相的时候，你就知道你已经你知道了.
You know:你知道
He went into the kitchen in search of food and wolfed down an apple pie.
他走进厨房去找吃的，狼笼草倒下一般吃了个苹果馅饼。
wolfed down:狼笼草倒下
In whatever he does, he is apt to go heels over head.
他不管干什么都易于去跟鞋以上头。
go heels over head:去跟鞋以上头
This is the most impressive architecture I've seen on this trip.
这是我此次旅行见到的最令人印象深刻的建筑。
impressive:令人印象深刻
People with very important jobs sometimes have to work around the clock.
有要职在身的人有时要四周是的钟地工作。
around the clock:四周是的钟
Old George used to arrive home drunk every Saturday night and knock hell out of his wife.
乔治老头每星期六晚上总是喝得醉醺醺地回家，并把老婆敲击地狱出去。
knock hell out:敲击地狱出去
John is so arrogant that he thinks he is better than everyone else.
约翰太那么傲慢，以为比谁都强。
so arrogant:那么傲慢
He's very artful and usually succeeds in getting what he wants.
他很狡诈，往往能成功在获得什么?他希望。
succeeds in getting what he wants:成功在获得什么?他希望
An involuntary trembling or quivering, as from nervous agitation or weakness.
战栗不自愿地颤动或抖动，如由于神经或虚弱等原因
involuntary:不自愿
Be that as it may, I'll leave it as it is.
无论如何我们也只能离开它如它是。
leave it as it is:离开它如它是
Though he is still a young man his political career is already in the ascendant.
他虽然年纪轻轻，可是他在政坛上已在是的提升者了.
in the ascendant:在是的提升者
He was so ashamed of his fault that he committed suicide.
他对自己的过错深以为耻，所以承诺自杀。
committed suicide:承诺自杀
The production is greatly increased due to a new assembly line installed.
由于安装了新装配线，生产量非常增加。
greatly increased:非常增加
It was an astounding day for television viewers, right up there with Watergate.
对电视观众那是令人惊人的的一天，可与水门事件媲美。
astounding:惊人的
A dry-as-dust-a matter-of-fact man who talk astronomy on a moonlit night.
令人烦厌的学究——好比在上月光夜之际大谈天文的枯燥鬼。
on a moonlit night:上月光夜
Mr Hood said that he would have to go on, as he was due at a meeting at eleven o'clock.
胡德先生说由于他11 点钟要出席一个会议，得有到去上了。
have to go on:有到去上
He's inclined to telephone at all hours of the day or night.
他不分所有几小时的是的一天或夜，想打电话就打。
all hours of the day or night:所有几小时的是的一天或夜
The new road system permits the free flow of traffic at all times.
新的道路系统可使车辆在任何时候都许可证是的免费流。
permits the free flow:许可证是的免费流
I must warn you that my patience is almost at an end.
我必须警告你，我已耐心是几乎在一个结束了。
patience is almost at an end:耐心是几乎在一个结束
He forgot to buy more coffee yesterday, so he was persona non grata at breakfast this morning!
他因昨日忘了多买些咖啡，今晨早餐上遂成为家中人物不格拉塔！
persona non grata:人物不格拉塔
The couple fell in love with each other at first glance.
他俩掉落在爱与每个其他在首先看一眼。
fell in love with each other at first glance:掉落在爱与每个其他在首先看一眼
They fell in love as soon as they met: it was love at first sight.
他们一见面就坠入情网，真是爱在首先视力。
love at first sight:爱在首先视力
The drawing is on all fours with the scene at that moment.
那幅画和当时的景象是上所有四分之一。
is on all fours:是上所有四分之一
His parents balked at the cost of the guitar he wanted.
他想要那个吉他，但他父母看到吉他的价格却束缚.
balked:束缚
The hare shot from its burrow and the hound made after it at top speed.
野兔从洞里闪出来，猎狗飞快地之后它在顶部速度。
after it at top speed:之后它在顶部速度
He had the audacity to ask for an increase in salary.
他竟然有是的大胆要求增加薪水。
had the audacity:有是的大胆
Don't let that firm handle your auditing; they made a complete balls-up of ours.
不要让那家公司来处理你的帐目，他们把我们的帐弄得所作的完成跳球。
made a complete balls-up:所作的完成跳球
She always seems to have an aura of happiness about her.
她好像总是有一个幽灵的幸福的.
have an aura of happiness:有一个幽灵的幸福
The Australian joint venture has be hold up by government red tape.
澳大利亚的合资企业由于政府的红色胶带而被耽搁。
red tape:红色胶带
An avid stamp collector, John rides the subject pretty hard whenever it is introduced.
约翰是个热心的邮票收藏家，只要有人提起集邮，他就会乘车是的主题很漂亮很困难。
rides the subject pretty hard:乘车是的主题很漂亮很困难
He was obviously very nervous and for some minutes stood awkwardly before the microphone.
显然他神经十分紧张，他在麦克风前很尴尬地站了好几分钟。
awkwardly:很尴尬
The guard walked back and forth in front of the gate.
警卫在大门前行走背面及例如:。
walked back and forth:行走背面及例如:
Live within our means? - we may be poor, Harry, but we are not that badly off.
什么，应该生活内部我们的表示？——我们虽然穷，哈里，可我们还没穷到那么糟糕呢。
Live within our means:生活内部我们的表示
For now because of any legal rights were Baker and Morgan beyond the arm of the law.
贝克和摩根超越是的手臂的是的法律，并不是由于有什么和法的权利。
beyond the arm of the law:超越是的手臂的是的法律
The motor cyclist has gone like a bat out of hell toward Baker street.
那骑摩托车的人已已故如蝙蝠地向贝克街驶去了。
gone like a bat:已故如蝙蝠
New buildings sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.
新的建筑物如跳动高如竹射击之后春天雨般大批出现。
sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain:跳动高如竹射击之后春天雨
A trite or banal remark or statement, especially one expressed as if it were original or significant.
或古老注释或声明陈腐的或平庸的评论或陈述，尤指某人表述它时好象它是新颖的或有意义的
a trite or banal remark or statement:或古老注释或声明
Bangladesh has an army, but it is a twopenny halfpenny affair kept deliberately weak, with the security forces split into three separate groups.
孟加拉国拥有一支军队，但是由于安全部队分裂成三个独立的派别，这支军队故意弱，并且有意使之弱小。
deliberately weak:故意弱
If you think that, you're barking up the wrong tree altogether.
你要是那样想，你就叫喊高是的错误树木总的来说了。
barking up the wrong tree altogether:叫喊高是的错误树木总的来说
Granted, a snobbery of camping itself, based upon equipment and techniques, already exists; but it is of a kind that.
即使由于装备和技术的关系，露营本身已经成为一个傲慢的问题。
a snobbery:傲慢
He was apt to blurt out the whole truth, in cases where other people would have kept silence.
他常常阿普特到吹嘘出去地说出全部真情，而其他人在这种情况下则往往会保持沉默。
apt to blurt out:阿普特到吹嘘出去
It is better to be at peace with your rivals at the party.
在聚会上，你最好同你的对手在和平。
at peace:在和平
Be away from duties without the permission of a superior officer.
军人在未获上级军官允许的情况下是离开从义务。
Be away from duties:是离开从义务
The teacher talked down to the freshmen, and they were bored.
老师对大学一年级学生讲得太无聊了，他们都感到厌烦。
bored:无聊
If you take over Dora's job, you are sure to be caught in the middle.
如果接替多拉的工作，你一定会被搞得是被捕在是的中间。
be caught in the middle:是被捕在是的中间
You must be certain of your facts before you start flinging accusations (around) (at people).
必须对实情是确定的才能理直气壮地（到处）指责（别人）。
be certain:是确定的
He seems to be quite content with his life at present.
他似乎对目前的生活是非常内容。
be quite content:是非常内容
America's invasion of the country must be done for unspeakable political purpose.
美国入侵这个国家一定是出于不可言语的政治目的。
unspeakable:不可言语
He was eager to get out of the (common) ruck and distinguish himself in some way.
他渴望获得出去的是的(常见)拉克，在某方面与众不同.
get out of the (common) ruck:获得出去的是的(常见)拉克
He was eager to get out of the (common) ruck and distinguish himself in some way.
他渴望出人头地，在某方面区分自己.
distinguish himself:区分自己
He acted this part as though he had been fainting with desire.
他演这一角色演得好像欲望令他变成昏迷一般。
fainting:昏迷
Under the influence of the drug my mind was filled with surreal images.
我受了麻醉药的刺激，头脑里充满了超现实的幻觉.
surreal:超现实
The subject may be full of interest to you, but it holds no interest for me.
这个问题即使你完全的利息，我也是兴味索然。
full of interest:完全的利息
The subject may be full of interest to you, but it holds no interest for me.
这个问题即使你兴味盎然，我也是不利息。
no interest:不利息
The mother took so much care of her son, that she has make him be good for nothing.
由于这位母亲为儿子照顾得接受那么很多照顾，把他弄得没什么出息了。
took so much care:接受那么很多照顾
Customers will be impressed by the expertise of our highly trained employees.
我们的雇员专业性强、高度训练，保证顾客满意。
highly trained:高度训练
How can you be indifferent to the sufferings of starving people?
你怎能对饥民的疾苦冷漠呢？
indifferent:冷漠
But the fell on his feet and found a better job very soon.
不过他掉落上他的英尺，很快便找到了更理想的工作。
fell on his feet:掉落上他的英尺
She was given an unpleasant insight into what life would be like as his wife.
她给予的一个不愉快洞察嫁给他就要过那种日子，心里十分难过。
given an unpleasant insight:给予的一个不愉快洞察
It's a dishonest scheme and I'm glad to be out of it.
那是个骗局，我幸而是出去的它。
be out of it:是出去的它
The tanner is said to be reluctant to quote firm price because of a rising and uncertain raw material market.
据说由于原材料市场上升且不确定，制革商们不愿报出实盘。
uncertain:不确定
On hearing the soft footsteps outside her room, she was seized with panic.
一听到门外有轻轻的脚步声，她恐慌。
panic:恐慌
He had to be sold out and was unable to make a fresh beginning.
他不得不出售出去，无法重新开始了。
sold out:出售出去
Arriving on foot, he could be sure of taking his men unawares.
步行到达，他确信会使手下的人惊奇。
surprised:惊奇
Book early if you want to be sure of a seat.
要想肯定有个座位，那就早订座。
sure:肯定
Compared with the perils which our forefathers conquered, because they believed and were not afraid, we have so much to be thankful for Nature surrounds us with her bounty and human, efforts have multiplied it.
我们的先辈曾以信念和无畏一次次比较与是的危险，比起他们经历过的险阻，我们仍大可感到欣慰。大自然仍在给予我们恩惠，人类的努力已使之倍增。
Compared with the perils:比较与是的危险
For months, Mr. Bush's strategy has forced his own hand more than Saddam Hussein's.
几个月来，布什的战略迫使自己冒进，而萨达姆却强迫他的自有手。
forced his own hand:强迫他的自有手
Why should you beat about the bush when asking for better wages?
你要求加薪又何必打关于是的灌木丛呢？
beat about the bush:打关于是的灌木丛
When he became interested in model airplanes he went the whole hog.
他对模型飞机感兴趣之后就去是的全牛仔了。
go the whole hog:去是的全牛仔
If everything goes according to plan, I shall be back before dark.
假若一切去按照到计划，我天黑之前就回来。
everything goes according to plan:一切去按照到计划
She'd begun spending a lot of money, and the obvious inference was that she'd stolen it.
她花起钱来开支很多的钱了，事情很明显，钱是偷来的。
spending a lot of money:开支很多的钱
She was beside herself with joy when she heard the news.
她听到消息与喜悦。
with joy:与喜悦
The song was a hit at once and its recording tape rose to No .1 on the bestseller list.
这首歌曲立刻击中在一次，它的录音带跃登畅销带榜首。
a hit at once:击中在一次
It's difficult talking to him these days; he seems full of bile since his wife left him.
最后同他说话很难，自从他妻众离他而去之后，他似乎总是完全的胆汁。
full of bile:完全的胆汁
I'm not surprised those two are such friends; they're birds of a feather.
那两个人交情这么好我不惊讶，他们是鸟类的羽毛嘛。
birds of a feather:鸟类的羽毛
He blew out all the candles on his birthday cake at one go.
他在一个去吹灭了生日蛋糕上所有的蜡烛。
at one go:在一个去
You'd have a good view of the sea from here except for the block of flats in between.
要不是隔著这座公寓大楼，大海的景色就可以从这里有好的看.
have a good view:有好的看
He was very excited and angry and blustered for a while.
他非常激动，生气，且咆哮了一阵。
angry:生气
He was boasting about how brave he was at the start, but copped out (of it) at the finish.
他起初夸耀自己勇敢，到头来却打了盖上出去(的它)。
copped out (of it):盖上出去(的它)
The enemy troops had been bogged down; supply had not kept up with them.
敌人的部队束缚倒下了；他们的补给跟不上。
bogged down:束缚倒下
He never goes out but he drops in at that bookstore.
他每次外出都会水滴在那家书店待一会儿。
drops in:水滴在
He rattled on about his job, not noticing how bored she was.
他只顾摇摇欲坠上地说自己工作上的事，没注意到她有多麽腻烦。
rattled on:摇摇欲坠上
He bounded to his feet and waved good-bye to his friends.
他有界到他的英尺，向朋友们挥手告别。
bounded to his feet:有界到他的英尺
He bounded to his feet and waved good-bye to his friends.
他一跃而起，向朋友们挥舞再见。
waved good-bye:挥舞再见
They would offer a bounty of $100,000 for the capture of the murderer.
他们愿出十万元赏金是的捕获的是的杀人犯。
the capture of the murderer:是的捕获的是的杀人犯
After the fight the defeated boxer swore he'd get his own back (on his rival).
那场拳赛后败北者发誓要（向对手）获得他的自有背面(在他的对手).
get his own back (on his rival):获得他的自有背面(在他的对手)
After months of futile labor, the scientist suddenly had a brainstorm and solved the problem.
数月努力，徒劳劳工，科学家突发奇想，问题迎刃而解。
futile labor:徒劳劳工
After months of futile labor, the scientist suddenly had a brainstorm and solved the problem.
数月努力，徒劳无功，科学家突然有暴风雨，问题迎刃而解。
suddenly had a brainstorm:突然有暴风雨
After months of futile labor, the scientist suddenly had a brainstorm and solved the problem.
数月努力，徒劳无功，科学家突发奇想，问题已解决是的问题。
solved the problem:已解决是的问题
The brand of a coward is a liability in a military career.
懦夫的污名对军事职业是不利的。
a military career:军事职业
I saw the boy stealing money; but he is so brazen that he tried to say that I had stolen it.
我看见那个男孩在偷钱;但他竟那么傲慢地企图赖到我身上。
so brazen:那么傲慢
Although his deception had been discovered, he decided to brazen it out.
虽然他的骗术已被人发现，他仍决定傲慢它出去挺住。
brazen it out:傲慢它出去
Firemen had to break the door down to reach the people trapped inside.
消防人员须打断是的门倒下，才能抢救困在屋里的人.
break the door down:打断是的门倒下
The novel was so absorbing that she read on without a break even forgetting food and sleep.
这本小说非常那么吸收，她一口气读了下去，甚至废寝忘食。
so absorbing:那么吸收
The novel was so absorbing that she read on without a break even forgetting food and sleep.
这本小说非常引人入胜，她没有打断读了下去，甚至废寝忘食。
without a break:没有打断
The novel was so absorbing that she read on without a break even forgetting food and sleep.
这本小说非常引人入胜，她一口气读了下去，甚至忘记食物及睡。
forgetting food and sleep:忘记食物及睡
Send not for a hatchet with which to break open an egg.
别为了破一个鸡蛋而叫人去取斧头——发送不为帽子与那些到打断打开一个蛋。
Send not for a hatchet with which to break open an egg:发送不为帽子与那些到打断打开一个蛋
Scientists say they are beginning to break through in the fight against cancer.
科学家们说，他们在防治癌症方面开始打断通过。
break through:打断通过
On being sent to hospital, he was on the point of breathing his last.
他被送到医院的时候已经呼吸他的最后了。
breathing his last:呼吸他的最后
If the plate tarnishes, you can rub it up a little and bring back its shine.
如果盘子油漆，你可以稍为擦试一下，使其恢复光泽。
tarnishes:油漆
His sense of humour was a useful buffer when things were going badly for him.
他有幽默感，这使他在逆境中有用的缓冲区.
a useful buffer:有用的缓冲区
A sergeant went from door to door requisitioning bullets for the men.
一名中士从门到门地给战士们征集弹药。
from door to door:从门到门
The bull forgot all about the matador and ran at the drunk who had wandered into the middle of the ring during a bullfight.
公牛忘记了所有斗牛士，向斗牛场中央的醉汉冲去，他是在斗牛比赛中糊里糊涂走进去的。
forgot all:忘记了所有
There were so many people that the hall was bursting at the seams.
人多极了，会堂挤得闪烁在是的缝合。
bursting at the seams:闪烁在是的缝合
She burst into the room with her usual ebullience, and immediately started talking to everyone.
她像往常一样暴躁地冲进了房间，立刻跟大家攀谈起来.
ebullience:暴躁
Scarcely had she heard the sad story when she burst out crying.
她一听到这悲伤的消息，就爆炸出去哭泣。
burst out crying:爆炸出去哭泣
It's pouring with rain, so I'm afraid our picnic's gone for a burton.
下起了注水与雨，我们的野餐恐怕要吹了。
pouring with rain:注水与雨
The disease was practically unknown ten years ago but then it flared and spread like wild fire until it reached epidemic proportions.
这种疾病10年前几乎未知，可它突然爆发象野火般迅速传播，直至流行甚广。
unknown:未知
By common consent the village green was turned into a playground for children.
大家普通同意把村中的草地改为儿童游戏场所。
common consent:普通同意
The injured man was fairly far gone by the time the ambulance arrived.
救护车到时那伤者已公平很远已故.
fairly far gone:公平很远已故
A person seldom falls sick, but the bystander is animated with a faint hope that he will die.
人难得生病，可是旁观者们却以为他势将必死，并因这一线希望而活化起来。
animated:活化
Best buy of the week are carrot and cabbage, which are plentiful and cheap.
本星期买胡萝卜和洋白菜最合算，因大量，价格低廉。
plentiful:大量
If we keep calm and stick together, we'll be all right.
我们保持镇定、棍棒一起就没有问题。
stick together:棍棒一起
Her latest flight of fancy is to go camping in the Sahara desert!
她最近最新飞行的奢侈想到撒哈拉沙漠去野营!.
latest flight of fancy:最新飞行的奢侈
You can tell (that) he's angry when he starts shouting a lot.
他什麽时候一喊叫，肯定是生气了.
shouting:喊叫
Her kindness and generosity cancel out her occasional flashes of temper.
她为人厚道、慷慨，倒也弥补了她偶尔发点儿脾气。
generosity:慷慨
What was happening was a sickness, a cancer in society that could not be helped.
所发生的一切是种病态，一种可以不是帮助的社会弊病。
could not be helped:可以不是帮助
The scene the horror film where the cannibals dismembered the missionary left me with my hair standing on end.
在那部恐怖电影中，食人者肢解那传教士的镜头使我是的恐怖。
the horror:是的恐怖
Since I cannot foretell things like a prophet, I cannot help taking a small loss.
我又不能预言一些事情如先知，总不免要吃点小亏。
foretell things like a prophet:预言一些事情如先知
A recent article in a weekly newspaper, was headed with a striking caption of a lady in a state of considerable distress.
最近一份周报登了一篇文章，文章开头是一幅醒目的解说词，其中是一位相当的悲伤的女士。
considerable distress:相当的悲伤
The children behave badly, but the guilt lies with the parents, who don't care about their behaviour.
孩子们行为很糟糕，但是这应归罪于他们的父母，他们不关心子女的行为。
behave badly:行为很糟糕
The driver lost control and the car careened down the hill.
因司机失控，那辆汽车就小心翼翼倒下地冲下山去.
careened down:小心翼翼倒下
John was careful not to say anything about this to her.
约翰小心，避免向她提及此事。
careful:小心
It's no secret that the Soviets are not happy about the developments here in Cuba, the diplomat said.
是的不秘密，苏联对古巴这时的发展感到不快，这位［欧洲］外交官说。
It's no secret:是的不秘密
We often go carolling (ie go from house to house, singing carols) at Christmas.
我们在圣诞节常去唱颂歌（去从房子到房子唱颂歌）.
go from house to house:去从房子到房子
The match was so wonderful that he was totally carried away.
比赛十分精彩，令他带有离开。
carried away:带有离开
They managed to carry on their experiments in spite of the difficulties.
虽有困难，他们还是设法使试验承载上。
carry on:承载上
When the math teacher asked a question in class, he really caught me napping because I was not listening at all.
当数学老师在课堂上提问时，我被捕我拍拍，因为我当时根本就没在听。
caught me napping:被捕我拍拍
The revitalized team came from the cellar to win the pennant.
该队恢复活力，从最后一名一跃而赢得冠军奖旗。
revitalized:恢复活力
The boss gets too corny when he talks to the workers.
老板每次跟员工说话都是也胡萝卜。
too corny:也胡萝卜
That man was on the prod and as dangerous as a cornered cougar.
那人是上是的求助，危险得如同一头被困的美洲豹。
was on the prod:是上是的求助
His wife's calm nature acts as a counterbalance to his excitability.
他妻子生性平静自然，这对他的易冲动的个性起着平衡作用。
calm nature:平静自然
An eccentric or nonconformist person, especially a member of a counterculture.
偏心之人反常或不符合常规之人，尤指反主流文化的成员
eccentric:偏心
After years of quarrelling we at last sent our cousins a Christmas card as an olive-branch.
我们与堂兄弟多年不和，最后我们送给他们一张圣诞卡，算是一个橄榄枝.
an olive-branch:一个橄榄枝
The number of "cowboys" on the road is probably small, but their behavior is getting them all a bad name.
公路上"牛仔"的司机数量或许不多，但他们的行为把他们的名声搞臭了。
"cowboys":"牛仔"
My skin crawled when I heard a sudden shriek in the dead of night.
夜晚是的死亡的夜时突然听到一声尖叫，吓得我汗毛直竖。
the dead of night:是的死亡的夜
His defense, which seems credible on the evidence so far, is that the bank masked its skullduggery so completely that no regulator anywhere in the world could get a handle on it.
他的辩词（根据目前证据似乎可信）是：银行把它的蒙面它的头骨畸形的做法遮掩得天衣无逢，全世界任何地方的监管人员都无法掌握。
masked its skullduggery:蒙面它的头骨畸形
His defense, which seems credible on the evidence so far, is that the bank masked its skullduggery so completely that no regulator anywhere in the world could get a handle on it.
他的辩词（根据目前证据似乎可信）是：银行把它的偷天换日的做法遮掩得那么完全，全世界任何地方的监管人员都无法掌握。
so completely:那么完全
Cross talks are an art form people love to see and hear.
相声这种艺术形式让老百姓爱到看及听。
love to see and hear:爱到看及听
You can do what you want to do, but never follow the crowd.
你想做什么就做什么，可别跟进是的人群。
follow the crowd:跟进是的人群
There was such a crush in the room that no one could move.
房间内挤得不一个可以移动，谁也无法动弹。
no one could move:不一个可以移动
Hard as I cudgelled my brains, I couldn't remember her name.
尽管我被凝固的我的大脑，还是想不起她的名字.
cudgelled my brains:被凝固的我的大脑
He fawning manner whenever the boss is around just makes me curl up.
每当老板在时，他那闪烁礼貌的样子真使我恶心。
fawning manner:闪烁礼貌
She's so cussed she always does the opposite of what you ask.
她这人真是牛脾气，总是与你的要求是的是的相反.
does the opposite:是的是的相反
One swallow of that and you'd be dead as a doornail.
只要喝上一口，就会叫人死亡如门钉。
dead as a doornail:死亡如门钉
A cycling holiday would be too much for an unfit person like me.
像我这种身体，骑自行车度假会是也很多。
would be too much:会是也很多
Roberts is a real cynic; he won't accept anything or anyone on face value.
罗伯特实在是一个冷酷的人；他不会对任何事或任何人信以为真。
cynic:冷酷
Banana, grape, apple, daisy which of these is the odd one out?
香蕉、葡萄、苹果、雏菊－－这几样东西哪一样是的奇特一个出去？
the odd one out:是的奇特一个出去
These scum who fight at the football matches must be severely dealt with!
必须对那些专在足球比赛时打架的社会渣滓是严重处理与！
be severely dealt with:是严重处理与
His first performance was a debacle: the audience booed him off the stage.
他的首场演出破产，观众发出嘘声把他轰下了台.
a debacle:破产
A scoffer, a debauched person, and, in brief, a man of Belial.
一个嘲弄的人，一个生活放荡的家伙，总而言之，是个恶棍。
scoffer:嘲弄
I defer to my parents because they are older and wiser.
我听从父母，因为他们年长老的及更聪明。
older and wiser:老的及更聪明
He was dejected to learn that he had failed the examination.
得知考试不及格，他便是沮丧。
was dejected:是沮丧
The rise in delinquency is an indictment of our society and its values.
罪行现象有增无已，这是对我们的社会及其价值观的控诉。
delinquency:罪行
During the fever he became delirious and said some strange things.
发高烧时他成为恶心，说了些稀奇古怪的事。
became delirious:成为恶心
During the fever he became delirious and said some strange things.
发高烧时他神志昏迷，说了些奇怪一些事情的事。
strange things:奇怪一些事情
When her child was two hours late, she became quite demented.
她孩子晚了两个小时，她成为非常疯子.
became quite demented:成为非常疯子
The man is neither fish nor fowl; he votes Democrat or Republican according to which will do him the most good.
这个人在没有鱼也鸟类，他投民主党的票还是共和党的票得看哪个党对他更有益处。
neither fish nor fowl:没有鱼也鸟类
Doors of derelict houses may be boarded and nailed up to prevent children from getting in.
被遗弃的房子，可以用木板把门户钉起来，以防止小孩进入。
derelict:被遗弃
Professor Moriarty could be described as the dirty dog of the Sherlock Holmes stories.
莫里亚蒂教授可以被说成是福尔莫斯故事中的行为是的肮脏狗的人。
the dirty dog:是的肮脏狗
Deserving of blame or censure as being wrong, evil, improper, or injurious.
受责备的因做错事、干坏事、做不恰当或导致伤害的事而应受责备或惩处的。
improper:不恰当
A desperate man will stop at nothing to get what he wants.
一个A绝望男人为了达到自己的目的什么事都做得出来。
A desperate man:A绝望男人
But to the despondent I whisper that life begins at 40.
但对那些到是的绝望的人我却低声说40岁生活才开始。
to the despondent:到是的绝望
He broke into a desultory chat with me over his business affairs.
他突然开始和我恶意地谈起他的生意来了。
desultory:恶意
The time he can spare from the adornment of his person he devote to the neglect of his duty.
他把花在打扮上的时间省下来，却用到了是的忽略的他的义务上去。
the neglect of his duty:是的忽略的他的义务
'Shades of Hitler!' I thought, as I listened to the dictator haranguing the crowd.
那个独裁者向群众地训话，我一听就想到，“真像希特勒！”
haranguing:
The English of today is very different from the English of500 years ago. In time, some even die out completely.
现在的英语与500年前的英语已非常不同从，有一些甚至会在今后完全消失。
very different from:非常不同从
There is an atmosphere of peace and calm in the country, quite different from the atmosphere of a big city.
在乡间有一种和平宁静的气氛，和大城市的气氛非常不同。
quite different:非常不同
It is wrong to differentiate between pupils according to their family background.
按家庭背景区别对待学生的做法是错误的。
family background:家庭背景
As soon as the pie was served, she digged into it heartily.
馅饼一上来，她就被挖进入地吃起来。
digged into:被挖进入
Go down on yow knees and give thanks for your safety.
你跪下祈祷，感谢上帝保佑你安全。
safety:安全
John has a constitution like a horse, said the manager, casting a glance over John's upright form.
打量一眼约翰笔挺的身体，经理说道：约翰直立形式。
upright form:直立形式
The old gentleman just stood there glaring at the pickpocket and did not say a word.
这位老先生只是站在那里对那个扒手闪烁，一句话也没有说。
glaring:闪烁
I didn't understand why his eyes started to glaze over at the mention of Chomsky.
我不了解为什么一提到乔姆斯基的名字他的两眼变得玻璃。
glaze:玻璃
Mischiefs come by the pound, and go away by the ounce.
密西夫斯来吧以是的英镑,及去离开以是的盎司。
Mischiefs come by the pound, and go away by the ounce:密西夫斯来吧以是的英镑,及去离开以是的盎司
My firm in Hongkong went bankrupt and left me penniless, and I could only get home by working my ticket.
我在香港开设的商行破产了，落得个无钱，只得靠在船上做工抵偿船费才回到家乡。
penniless:无钱
If we can set him off on his pet subject, he will go on for hours.
如果我们能使他谈谈他最得意的话题，他会去上为几小时地谈几个小时。
go on for hours:去上为几小时
He went on the rampage after an argument with his wife.
与他妻子争吵之后，他恩特上是的推翻。
ent on the rampage:恩特上是的推翻
After3 years in prison, the former thief decided to go straight, and took a job with a company.
昔日的窃贼坐了3年牢以后决定决定到去直线，并在一家公司干活。
decided to go straight:决定到去直线
The children gobbled up their food and rushed out to play.
孩子们胡萝卜高他们食物地吃完饭就冲出去玩了。
gobbled up their food:胡萝卜高他们食物
The rent was due, so your cheque came as an absolute godsend!
租金已到期，你的支票来到真是一个绝对神赐！
an absolute godsend:一个绝对神赐
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
谁也不会象病金鱼的主人般觉得那样无助。
helpless:无助
It's all right for you, with a good job and a nice house you're laughing.
你行啊，有份好工作又有好房子--你是笑了.
you're laughing:你是笑
He holds a strong belief in the goodness of human nature.
他对人性的善良持有坚固相信。
holds a strong belief:持有坚固相信
You will never be good students so long as you goof around.
如果你们成天愚蠢四周，就永远也成不了好学生。
goof around:愚蠢四周
Miranda says she doesn't want to go to Paris, but I fancy it is merely sour grapes.
米兰达说她不想去巴黎，但我认为这不过是她因去不成而酸葡萄的话。
sour grapes:酸葡萄
She described the events so graphically that I could almost see them.
她把那些事件描述得图形上，我几乎象是能够亲眼目睹了。
graphically:图形上
Most of the nomads live in grassland and have no fixed home.
游牧部落的大多人都生活在草原上并且有不固定家。
have no fixed home:有不固定家
These people who were young fifty years back are now gray haired.
50年前的年轻人，现在已经灰色有色了。
gray haired:灰色有色
A hand grenade exploded by accident and I got lost in the ensuing confusion.
一枚手榴弹意外地发生了爆炸，接着是一片混乱，使我有失去。
got lost:有失去
I've finished with our grocer for good; that's the third time he's tried to give me short change.
我已经与我们的食品商永远是的完成了；这是他第三次想少找给我钱。
've finished:是的完成
Grotesque faces are carved over the doorway of the old building.
那栋古老建筑的门廊上雕刻了格洛特斯克的脸。
Grotesque:格洛特斯克
The company has had a good year but we must guard against complacency.
公司获得了一个好年头，我们务必防止自满。
complacency:自满
There is nothing new here, just the same old ideas in a new guise.
这里没什么新花样，只是些新伪装的旧玩意儿。
a new guise:新伪装
In the uprising the serfs fought with bare hands against gunfire.
在暴动中，农奴们以战斗与裸体手对付钢枪铁炮。
fought with bare hands:战斗与裸体手
One who habitually takes advantage of the generosity of others without making any useful return.
寄生虫总是利用别人的慷慨而从不做任何有益回报的人
generosity:慷慨
A temporary state of mental confusion and clouded consciousness resulting from high fever, intoxication, shock, or other causes.
一种暂时精神混乱和云彩意识的状态，由高烧、酒醉、休克、震惊或其它原因导致。
clouded consciousness:云彩意识
It is characterized by anxiety, disorientation, hallucinations, delusions, trembling, and incoherent speech.
其症状是：焦虑、迷路、发生幻觉、妄想、颤抖和说胡话。
disorientation:迷路
Two suspicious-looking fellows were seen hanging around the campus last night.
昨夜有人看见两个可疑的的人在校园里徘徊。
suspicious-looking:可疑的
Why did you put the volumes of the encyclopedia in haphazard order?
你为何把这套百科全书放得在偶然命令？
in haphazard order:在偶然命令
He harangued his fellow students and persuaded them to walk out.
他对他的同学不耐烦说服他们罢课。
harangued:不耐烦
Marking and Allen came together on their way to Harvard University and they fell in love at first sight.
马克和艾伦是在去哈佛大学的途中邂逅相遇的，他俩掉落在爱在首先视力。
fell in love at first sight:掉落在爱在首先视力
I asked him to have a try, but he hung back.
我要他试一下，但他悬挂背面。
hung back:悬挂背面
In putting this new product on the European market we seem to have backed a winner, for the sales there are unexpectedly good.
我们将这新产品打入欧洲市场，看来是做了一笔有支持者获胜者的生意，因为那里的销售情况出人意料地好。
have backed a winner:有支持者获胜者
She is a girl who has her feet on the ground.
她是个有她英尺上是的地面的女孩子。
has her feet on the ground:有她英尺上是的地面
She's hopelessly headstrong; she always gets up against people in authority.
她英译汉到了不可挽救的地步，老是与主管人员发生冲突。
headstrong:英译汉
Mary's rudeness was not in character because she is usually very polite.
玛丽的粗暴无礼与她性格不符，因为她平时非常非常礼貌。
very polite:非常礼貌
which alone can make good writing because only that is worth writing about, worth the agony and the sweat.
而这本身就是好作品，因为这是唯一值得写、值得是的痛苦及是的汗地去写的题材。
the agony and the sweat:是的痛苦及是的汗
The swimmer seemed to be in difficulty, but managed to reach the shore in the end.
那游泳的人似乎在困难，但最后还是设法游到了彼岸。
in difficulty:在困难
Not getting into university may be a blessing in disguise; I don't think you'd have been happy there.
没能上大学祝福在伪装，我想你在大学里是不会觉得快乐的.
a blessing in disguise:祝福在伪装
They went to the teacher in fear and trembling to tell her that they'd broken a window.
他们在恐惧及颤抖地去告诉老师，他们打破了一扇窗户.
in fear and trembling:在恐惧及颤抖
A plant cell that differs noticeably in form from neighboring cells.
异细胞，生原体与相邻的细胞不同很明显的细胞
differs noticeably:不同很明显
The salesman said the car was in good condition, and I was foolish enough to fall for it.
推销员说这辆汽车状况良好，而我那麽傻竟然秋天为它。
fall for it:秋天为它
I can toss off my article for the local newspaper in half an hour.
我给本地的报纸写文章只用半小时就可投掷取消。
toss off:投掷取消
The driver was slanging a pedestrian who had got in his way.
那司机俚语挡他的路的行人.
slanging:俚语
I promise I'll bring the car back to you in one piece.
我保证把车在一个片子地还给你。
in one piece:在一个片子
That fellow can be very rude in private though in public he is usually polite.
那家伙在在公众通常很有礼貌，但私下很粗鲁。
in public:在公众
He was always ready to help others, in return, he was liked by everyone.
他总是永远准备好到帮助其他，作为回报，大家都喜欢他。
always ready to help others:永远准备好到帮助其他
They said they'd let me know by the end of the week, so I guess my future hangs in the balance.
他们说这个星期内会通知我，我想我的未来还是悬挂在是的平衡吧！
hangs in the balance:悬挂在是的平衡
The high street is a blaze of lights in the evening.
晚上大街上火焰的灯光.
a blaze of lights:火焰的灯光
They realized that in the final analysis their job was to tell the public the facts.
他们意识到他们的工作在是的最后分析是把事实公布于众。
in the final analysis:在是的最后分析
He was determined to stay in the saddle at all costs.
他打定主意要在所有费用代价继续掌权。
at all costs:在所有费用
There are so many inaccuracies in this report that it will have to be written again.
这份报告许多不准确，须重写.
many inaccuracies:许多不准确
His duty is to assist the aggrieved person inasmuch as he is able.
他的责任是因为如他是有能力帮助受害人。
inasmuch as he is able:因为如他是有能力
Ambitious boy cannot be so foolish as to indulge in sports at the expense of their school student.
雄心勃勃的男孩不会愚蠢到在损坏其学校学生利益的情况下沉溺于运动。
Ambitious:雄心勃勃
Nobel's greatness lay in the outstanding ability to combine the quality of an original scientists with those of a forward-looking industrialist.
诺贝尔的伟大在于他具有把独创性科学家的品质与展望未来的企业家的品质相互结合起来的杰出能力。
forward-looking:展望未来
She had the ingenuity to succeed where everyone else had failed.
她真是有是的聪明，别人办不到的事她却做成了。
had the ingenuity:有是的聪明
It was sickening to watch young Stevenson trying to ingratiate himself with the professor, knowing as we did how much the old man detested and despised him.
看到小斯蒂文森夸张自己地讨好教授实在是恶心，更何况我们都知道那老头是多么地厌恶和鄙视他。
ingratiate himself:夸张自己
He had been subject to a campaign of innuendo in the press.
他一直受到新闻界竞选的含义的影射.
a campaign of innuendo:竞选的含义
Robert lost his mind and was committed to an insane asylum.
罗伯特失去他的思绪，给送进了疯人院。
lost his mind:失去他的思绪
Ashamed into anger and at the instigation of Mrs. Tooth, the outraged husbands attached Jack.
羞愧进入愤怒成怒的丈夫们在图丝太太的指使下，把杰克打翻在地。
Ashamed into anger:羞愧进入愤怒
She won't interfere with you any more; your independence is achieved and you have won your latchkey.
她再与也不会干涉你了，你有了独立权，你已经有了你自己出入大门的钥匙。
independence:独立
Not everybody agreed with the way she interpreted the violin concerts, but it was still a technically perfect performance.
并非每人都同意她对那首小提琴协奏曲的诠释，但是她的演奏在技巧上仍是完美。
perfect:完美
Ironically, most people came to watch the match on the day it poured with rain.
老天爷好像成心捉弄人，很多人前来看比赛却偏偏下起它注水与雨。
it poured with rain:它注水与雨
Judging by the crowds waiting to get in this seems to be where it's at.
从裁决以是的人群等待进去的人群来看，这似乎是个热闹去处。
Judging by the crowds:裁决以是的人群
If jupiter hurled his thunderbolt as often as men sin, he will soon be out of thunderbolt.
假使朱庇特每当有人犯罪就出去的闪电的话，他手上的雷霆便会即将告磬。
out of thunderbolt:出去的闪电
He's fussy about his food, if it isn't cooked just right, he won't eat it.
他过分着意于自己所吃的东西，如果不是烹调得只是右，他就不吃。
just right:只是右
She's old and infirm and has to keep to the house.
她因年老体弱而保持到是的房子.
keep to the house:保持到是的房子
Later in the week, the Kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase.
上星期末，在障碍赛跑中肯尼亚人在是的背叛地赢得了金牌。
in the steeplechase:在是的背叛
When he heard that he had been called dishonest, his anger knew no bounds.
当他听到人家说他不诚实时，他愤怒知道不边界。
anger knew no bounds:愤怒知道不边界
The singer was surrounded by the usual crowd of lackeys and hangers-on.
那个歌手让那帮总是懒惰者、前呼后拥的人给围住了.
lackeys:懒惰者
The singer was surrounded by the usual crowd of lackeys and hangers-on.
那个歌手让那帮总是溜须拍马、挂钩的人给围住了.
hangers-on:挂钩
But I saw him myself in a disco as large as life, dancing with a girl half his age.
可是我在一家迪斯科舞会上亲眼看到他，如大如生命，他在和一个年龄只他一半大的姑娘跳舞。
as large as life:如大如生命
I guess I got a little carried away during the football game.
我猜这是因为我在足球比赛中有点有很小带有离开了。
got a little carried away:有很小带有离开
Ten days should be a big enough leeway to allow for delays.
把耽搁考虑在内，增加十天时间是是大够了的了。
be a big enough:是大够了
To achieve this goal, you must have ambition; likewise you need to exert great efforts.
要实现这一目标，你必须有野心，同时还得十分努力。
ambition:野心
For such a beautiful girl, to use make-up would be to gild the lily.
对一个这样漂亮的女孩来说，化妆有些叫喊是的莉莉。
gild the lily:叫喊是的莉莉
For the beautiful girl to use makeup would be to gild the lily.
漂亮的姑娘加上化装，是叫喊是的莉莉。
gild the lily:叫喊是的莉莉
I'm in limbo, waiting to know if I've got the job or not.
我在虚构，等着知道是否已得到了那份工作。
in limbo:在虚构
Lincoln is a conspicuous example of a poor boy who succeeded.
林肯是一个穷苦孩子而成功的出色例子。
succeeded:成功
The poor people starved, while a few lived off the fat of the land.
穷人饿肚子，而极少数人却过着活下来取消是的脂肪的是的土地的生活。
lived off the fat of the land:活下来取消是的脂肪的是的土地
I had to live on bread and water when I was a student.
我上大学时只能靠活上面包及水过活.
live on bread and water:活上面包及水
The Titanic and all her crew were in Davy Jones's locker.
泰坦尼克号及其全体船员均都在戴维琼斯锁柜。
in Davy Jones's locker:在戴维琼斯锁柜
Something that logically or naturally follows from an action or condition.
结果一种行为或情况在逻辑上或自然产生的结果
naturally:自然
Several candidates had been manoeuvring for position long before the leadership became vacant.
领导职位尚未空缺，几个竞争者早就在为向上爬而操纵了.
manoeuvring:操纵
I will not be lorded over, "she said to her husband.
"我是不会是君主以上的，"她对她丈夫说。
be lorded over:是君主以上
No one wants to sit next to Miss Yates at the Sewing Meeting; she chatters like a magpie, all the time.
在缝纫联谊会上，谁也不想坐在耶茨小姐身边；她整天聊天如马格皮。
chatters like a magpie:聊天如马格皮
The school was very cooperative when we made a film there.
我们到该校拍摄影片时，获得校方的非常合作。
very cooperative:非常合作
He is a very lively young man, certain of his own abilities and eager to make a noise in the world.
他是一位非常活泼的年轻人，对自己的能力充满信心而且渴望做噪音在是的世界。
make a noise in the world:做噪音在是的世界
The teacher made an example of the student who had copied his neighbor's answers during the finals.
老师当众惩罚在期末考试中抄袭邻座答案的那位学生所作的一个例如。
made an example:所作的一个例如
It's difficult to make friends with her; she's constantly on the offensive.
跟她交朋友十分困难；她这个人口角尖酸、是的进攻性。
the offensive:是的进攻性
You can see signs of (a creeping) malaise in our office.
在我们办公室里可以看到有某种（令人爬行的）不安迹象.
a creeping:爬行
He made manful efforts to move the heavy furniture, but failed.
他花了极大的力气想搬移那个沉重的家具，但失败。
failed:失败
There are many badly mangled bodies of those killed by the explosion.
那有许多在爆炸中被炸得很糟糕杂乱的尸体。
badly mangled:很糟糕杂乱
Russia and the United States are neck and neck in the race to send a manned spacecraft to mars.
苏联和美国在发射载人宇宙飞船去火星的研制方面，可以说是颈部及颈部，不相上下。
neck and neck:颈部及颈部
Both partners now resent your interference; that's what you get when you fish in the troubled waters of marital strife.
现在两方面都对你的干预不满，那是对你的婚姻冲突中鱼在是的麻烦水域的婚姻争吵的报应。
fish in the troubled waters of marital strife:鱼在是的麻烦水域的婚姻争吵
One that is markedly superior to all others, as in the ability to succeed.
明显地优越的人明显优于所有其他人的人，如取得成功的能力
markedly superior:明显地优越
The students did some marvellous impressions of the teachers at the end-of-term party.
在期末联欢会上，学生模仿教师美妙的令人捧腹。
marvellous:美妙的
The holiday was a marvellous antidote to the pressures of office work.
那个假日是消除上班工作压力的美妙的抗药.
a marvellous antidote:美妙的抗药
The new vicar's a Marxist that'll set the cat among the pigeons!
新来的牧师是马克思主义者－－这下子可要设置是的猫其中是的鸽子了。
set the cat among the pigeons:设置是的猫其中是的鸽子
She waltzed off with the school prizes for maths and science.
她被惊吓取消赢得了全校数学奖和理科奖。
waltzed off:被惊吓取消
Since he can play many musical instruments, he may well be called a man of accomplishments.
他能演奏许多乐器，当然称得上是个成就的人。
accomplishments:成就
He was so weak from hunger he could hardly raise his meagre arms.
他饿得虚弱无力，连那么弱的胳膊都举不起来。
so weak:那么弱
A play, film, television program, or other narrative work that portrays or depicts calamitous events and has an unhappy but meaningful ending.
刻画或描写灾难性事件的剧作、电影、电视节目或其它叙事作品，有不幸的但有意义的的结局。
meaningful:有意义的
The runner fell, but he showed his mettle by continuing in the race.
短跑运动员摔倒了，但仍继续，体现出了他的毅力。
continuing:继续
Mick licked his chops when I told him Wendy was coming to the party.
我对米克说温迪要来参加宴会时，他轻蔑他的。
licked his chops:轻蔑他的
She complained loudly to the owner of the store, who answered her mildly.
她冲着轻微地答复她的店主大声抱怨。
mildly:轻微地
Groups of fans were milling about in the streets after the match.
比赛过后入迷的观众群在街上乱转.
Groups:群
Millions of people gave freely in response to the famine appeal.
千百万人响应救灾呼吁而给予自由地.
gave freely:给予自由地
The pagoda built in the Ming Dynasty is still in good repair.
建于明代的那座塔现在还在好的修理。
in good repair:在好的修理
We were struck with horror when we saw the car collide.
我们看到车子相撞，与恐怖。
with horror:与恐怖
Study of logic and rhetoric makes a man able to contend.
学逻辑和修辞让一个人变得有能力到争论。
able to contend:有能力到争论
The best ads are when word and image come together to convey a strong and effective message.
最好的广告就是文字与图象能来吧一起，传达出强烈有效的讯息。
come together:来吧一起
She still believe in santa claus and it will is cruel to disillusion her.
她仍然相信有圣诞老人，要是使她这一幻想破灭就是残酷了。
is cruel:是残酷
Large corporations and small start-up ventures offer distinctly different contexts for the development of entrepreneurial potential.
大公司和小型初创公司给企业家精神的发展提供的是很明显不同的环境。
distinctly different:很明显不同
He was foaming at the mouth because of his daughter's rudeness.
他女儿的粗暴态度使他是泡沫。
was foaming:是泡沫
You always follow your own inclination instead of thinking of our feelings.
你总是跟进你的自有倾斜而不考虑我们的情感。
follow your own inclination:跟进你的自有倾斜
You can trust him; he is a man of complete integrity.
你可以相信他，他是一个完成完整性的人。
complete integrity:完成完整性
It seemed that the mountainous waves would turn the ship over.
山岳的巨浪似乎要把船掀翻。
mountainous:山岳
He is always talking about his deep interest in literature, but it's just a pose.
他经常说他对文学有浓厚的兴趣，其实这不过是只是露面而已。
just a pose:只是露面
Not many people described her as a social snob, but there are few who deny she is an intellectual snob.
没有多少人说她是社会上的势利眼，但是，很少有人否认她在智力上总显得一个知识分子斯诺布。
an intellectual snob:一个知识分子斯诺布
The miraculous survival of some people in the air crash was widely reported by the press.
空难事件中有些人奇迹生存被新闻界广泛报导。
miraculous survival:奇迹生存
To the ants, the infant elephant is a giant in the plantation.
对蚂蚁们来说，幼小的大象是种植园里的巨人.
a giant:巨人
The students went into the examination room, armed to the teeth with pens, pencils, rulers, computers and so on.
同学们带着钢笔，铅笔，尺子，计算器走进考场，他们个个武装到是的牙齿。
armed to the teeth:武装到是的牙齿
It takes courage and strength to climb up the perpendicular cliff.
攀上这是的垂直悬崖需要勇气和力量。
the perpendicular cliff:是的垂直悬崖
This might seem very perplexing to those who know nothing about it.
这对那些对它知道没什么关于它的人来说可能显得很难理解。
know nothing about it:知道没什么关于它
His style of argument in meetings is not so much aggressive as pertinacious.
他在会议上的辩论态度并非侵略性而是坚持己见.
aggressive:侵略性
That man is a total phony, he palms himself off as a Ph .d.
那家伙是个总数的冒牌货，他冒称是个博士。
total:总数
The walls were in a dreadful condition -- their yellow plaster was peeling off.
墙已经在可怕条件--上面的灰泥都在剥落。
in a dreadful condition:在可怕条件
If the two top teams reach the same result, they will have to play off against each other next week.
如果这两个最强的队积分一样，他们就得在下周玩取消反对每个其他。
play off against each other:玩取消反对每个其他
She played up to her art teacher, and suddenly they were a couple.
她对她的美术老师示好，不久他们就情侣了。
a couple:情侣
It's pointless trying to keep your friendship secret it's common knowledge already.
你们无谓将友情保密--其实已普通知识了.
common knowledge:普通知识
She was strongly committed to her job, a policewoman by eminence.
她非常强烈地承诺到她工作，一位典型的（卓越的）女警察。
strongly committed to her job:强烈地承诺到她工作
He sat there pontificating about the legal system although it was clear that he knew very little about it.
他坐在那儿发表他对法制的高论，虽然他对此知道非常很小.
knew very little:知道非常很小
The young girls swooned when they saw their favorite pop singer.
年轻的女孩子们一看见她们最喜欢的流行歌星就流血起来。
swooned:流血
As a pop star she was a nine days' wonder: she only made one successful record.
她是个九天惊奇的歌星，只录制过一张受欢迎的唱片。
a nine days' wonder:九天惊奇
Some people admired him greatly while others considered him a poseur.
有的人对他佩服得赞赏他非常，而有的人则认为他装腔作势.
admired him greatly:赞赏他非常
One main idea possessed her; she must get away from home.
她只有一个想法;她一定要获得离开从家。
get away from home:获得离开从家
He wants to give away all his modern possessions and return to nature.
他要舍弃一切时髦的东西而返回到自然.
return to nature:返回到自然
He came here without friends or possessions and made his fortune.
他来时没有朋友、身无长物，全凭白手起家.
without friends:没有朋友
He came here without friends or possessions and made his fortune.
他来时举目无亲、没有财产，全凭白手起家.
without possessions:没有财产
His later stories are not interesting because of their poverty of imagination.
他后来写的故事因为缺乏想像力而不有趣的。
not interesting:不有趣的
I don't want to invest all my money in this business; it would mean prating all my eggs in one basket.
我不想把所有的钱都投资在这项生意上，那是祈祷所有我的蛋在一个篮子的做法。
prating all my eggs in one basket:祈祷所有我的蛋在一个篮子
Tourists forget their preconceived ideas as soon as they visit our country.
游客访问了我国之后立刻消除了他们的忘记他们先知想法.
forget their preconceived ideas:忘记他们先知想法
Few people would attain their predestined ending could they see it in advance.
如果人们有看它在提前，就能避免命运的安排。
see it in advance:看它在提前
I would have preferred a bed, but beggars can't be choosers so I slept on the sofa.
我本想要张床，但是叫花子不能是选择者，所以我就睡在沙发上了.
be choosers:是选择者
It was remiss of her to forget to pay the bill.
她忘了付帐，真是拖欠。
was remiss:是拖欠
Oh! Let him pay the bill if he wants to, he's been in full feather ever since his uncle, the pawn broker, died.
哦，要是他想付帐就让他付吧。自打他那做当铺老板的叔叔死后，他已经是在完全羽毛了。
in full feather:在完全羽毛
After four set and ten games in the final set the two players are still level pegging.
经过４盘和最后一盘１０局的比赛，两位选手仍水平封锁。
level pegging:水平封锁
Peggy has come up with this fantastic idea for a party.
佩吉提出了这样一个非常棒想法的聚会计划。
fantastic idea:非常棒想法
There is no point in complaining. They can't do anything to help you.
抱怨不点。他们没办法帮助你。
no point:不点
My scalp began to prickle as I realized the horrible truth.
我了解到了那令人恐惧的事实，顿时感到刺耳.
prickle:刺耳
She was such a prude that she was even embarrassed by the sight of naked children.
她正经得出了格，甚至见了裸体的孩子也难为情.
naked:裸体
This apparent interest of his in modern music is completely pseudo.
他对现代音乐显露出的雅兴纯属完全伪造.
completely pseudo:完全伪造
My only point is that it has been a Pyrrhic victory.
我惟一的想法是，他们为此付出了惨重的代价，未免金字塔胜利。
a Pyrrhic victory:金字塔胜利
I quailed with fear at the thought of telling her the bad news.
我一想到要告诉她这个坏消息就废弃与恐惧。
quailed with fear:废弃与恐惧
I've asked you to do this for me because I know you're not a quitter.
我要求你为我做这件事，因为我知道你做事不打断.
a quitter:打断
She prepared for all possibilities by taking a sunhat, a raincoat and a woolly scarf.
她带了太阳帽、雨衣和毛围巾，一切准备为所有各种可能性.
prepared for all possibilities:准备为所有各种可能性
On impulse, I picked up the phone and rang my sister in Australia.
我一时上冲动，拿起话筒就给在澳大利亚的妹妹打了个电话。
On impulse:上冲动
The old man ranted that nobody paid any attention to his opinion.
老人逃跑的地叫嚷说没人听他的意见。
ranted:逃跑的
A time Hera, Poseidon, Apollo, and all the other Olympians, except Hestia, surrounded him suddenly as he lay asleep on his couch and bound him with rawhide thongs, knotted into a hundred knots, so that he could not move.
有一次，赫拉、波塞冬、阿波罗和除了赫斯提外所有的奥林波斯神祗乘宙斯躺在床上熟睡之际四周他突然，用生牛皮绳把他捆绑起来并打上一百个绳结，使他动弹不得。
surrounded him suddenly:四周他突然
Here, he read of dreadful crimes that made the blood run cold.
在这里，他读到使人所作的是的血跑冷的可怖罪案。
made the blood run cold:所作的是的血跑冷
Their reason for doing it is still a puzzle to me.
他们为什麽要做此事我仍谜题.
a puzzle:谜题
An anonymous call led to the recovery of the stolen jewels.
一个匿名电话导致被盗珠宝领导到是的恢复。
led to the recovery:领导到是的恢复
We tried to discourage him from going out in the storm, but he went regardless.
我们试图阻拦他不要在暴风雨中外出，但他还是不管怎样地出去了。
regardless:不管怎样
I regret to say that I am unable to help you.
很抱歉，我不能到帮助你。
unable to help you:不能到帮助你
His integrity stood out in relief from the corruption of certain officials.
某些官员腐化堕落，相形之下他的廉正更站立出去。
stood out:站立出去
What you say is far removed from what you said before.
你现在说的跟你过去说的很远被删除。
far removed:很远被删除
Now I'm going to rest and revel to my heart's content.
现在我要休息，并狂欢到我内容。
content:内容
We must teach our children how to tell right from wrong.
我们应该教会孩子如何说右从错误。
tell right from wrong:说右从错误
She lay on the bank, listening to the ripple of the stream.
她躺在河岸上，听着小河的波浪的是的河流声。
ripple of the stream:波浪的是的河流
She lived in many places, but she says nothing can rival the beauty of the Rocky Mountains.
她住过许多地方，但是她说落基山的美没什么可以竞争者。
nothing can rival:没什么可以竞争者
In much the same tone of voice, a voter in Michigan said she like President Reagan and thought "I better not rock the boat, so I'll go with a Republican again this time.
"密歇根一位选民以几乎同样的语调说，她喜欢里根总统，她心想，“我别岩石是的船，所以我这次还是追随共和党。”
rock the boat:岩石是的船
Anne now keeps company with Roger, although he is not yet divorced from his legal wife.
安妮现在与罗杰保持公司，尽管他还没有同他的合法妻子离婚。
keeps company:保持公司
This comedy has had them rolling in the aisles for two weeks.
这出喜剧让观众们连续两个星期乐得有他们滚动。
had them rolling:有他们滚动
Entombed as her is, the playwright can count on room service to sustain the slender thread life.
尽管那位剧作家已是埋葬的人了，但他仍可依靠旅馆送茶饭到住房的服务维持他那微弱的生命。
Entombed:埋葬
She'll run on for hours about her family if you let her.
要是你让她说的话，她会把家里的事跑上为几小时地说上几个钟头。
run on for hours:跑上为几小时
Hard work and long hours are rungs in the ladder of success.
刻苦努力和长几小时是成功的阶梯。
long hours:长几小时
The race really stretched him / his skill as a runner.
这次赛跑对他这个参赛者来说，确是伸展.
stretched:伸展
A deep ditch or channel cut in the earth by running water after a prolonged downpour.
隘谷，冲沟长期的暴风雨冲击地面之后形成深的沟壑或沟渠
downpour:暴风雨
He'll rupture a muscle if he goes on dancing like that!
他要是继续那样跳舞，会跳得破裂肌肉！
rupture a muscle:破裂肌肉
When you feel stuck in a rut, it is time for you to upgrade your skills.
感觉自己被困在鲁特的时候就是应该技术更新的时候。
stuck in a rut:被困在鲁特
＂ The quiet girl has come to life since she worked as a saleswoman.
那个安静的姑娘自从当上售货员后变得活跃起来。
quiet:安静
She has a sane attitude towards diving and never goes too fast.
她对于跳水的态度很明智，从不去也快速。
goes too fast:去也快速
The forest fire was nearly out of control when suddenly it rained heavily and saved the day.
森林火灾几乎无法控制，幸好老天突然下起大雨，才保存是的一天。
saved the day:保存是的一天
He is a man who I think means what he says.
我认为他是个表示什么?他他说。的人。
means what he says.:表示什么?他他说。
The region we visited showed the scars of the civil war.
我们访问的那个地区经历过内战，是的疤痕。
the scars:是的疤痕
The taste of the lemon made her screw up her face.
柠檬把她酸得螺旋高她面孔.
screw up her face:螺旋高她面孔
The boy slipped out of the room and headed for the swimming pool secretly.
这孩子秘密地地溜出了屋子，走向游泳池。
secretly:秘密地
He was cursed for sowing seeds of discord among his friends.
他因在朋友中播种种子的不和而被人咒骂。
sowing seeds of discord:播种种子的不和
Even if the worst comes to the worst, we can always sell up our business here and start again somewhere else.
即使出现最坏的情况，我们也总可以随时在这里变卖商店，然后在其他地方开始又一次某处别的。
start again somewhere else:开始又一次某处别的
He has put his shirt on his team winning the trophy.
他放他的衬衫，赌自己的队一定能赢得锦标.
put his shirt:放他的衬衫
Emigration had carried to its shores shoals of men and women.
移民使有带有的男男女女来到了它的海岸。
had carried:有带有
He brightened up at the mention of his son's success as a short story writer.
提到他儿子作为一个短篇小说作家是成功的，他就闪亮高。
brightened up:闪亮高
He shrugged his low opinion of the occupant of the room.
他耸耸肩对那房间的住户 shrugged。
shrugged:shrugged
For long stretch of the try- siberian railway, all you see are trees.
横跨西伯利亚的铁路沿线的景色是长拉伸的树林。
long stretch:长拉伸
Siblings who contrast sharply in interests and abilities; a color that contrasted clearly with the dark background.
在兴趣和能力上对比尖锐地的兄弟（姐妹）；与黑色背影形成鲜明对比的颜色。
contrast sharply:对比尖锐地
The proposals they put forward at the meeting were of little significance.
他们在会上提出的建议很小意义。
little significance:很小意义
In such a simulated environment, one would have an immersed sense.
人在这个仿真的环境中，有一种“有一个沉浸感觉”的感觉。
have an immersed sense:有一个沉浸感觉
Printing business cards on a thirty-inch press is using a sledgehammer to crack a nut.
在30英寸印刷机上印刷名片简直是大材小用，使用雪橇hmmer到裂缝坚果。
using a sledgehammer to crack a nut:使用雪橇hmmer到裂缝坚果
The football game was won by a sleeper, an unknown new player.
足球比赛爆冷门，有一匹黑马赢球了，是一个未知的新球员。
unknown:未知
This part of the town has a lot of snob appeal.
该城的这一区很能吸引斯诺布上诉的人.
snob appeal:斯诺布上诉
After being away for so long, he feels like an alien in his own country now.
一个外星人在他的自有国家这么久，现在在他自己的国家，他觉得自己像个外人。
an alien in his own country:一个外星人在他的自有国家
When you sober up, you'll be ashamed of what you've done.
你酒醒之后，会为你的什么?你已经已完成而感到羞愧。
what you've done:什么?你已经已完成
He's always sounding off about how he would manage the firm.
他总是声音取消地说他能把公司经营好。
sounding off:声音取消
He hated being stuck in the sour job but couldn't find another.
他讨厌老是做这份酸工作的工作，可是找不到别的差使。
sour job:酸工作
Our daughter is a great dancer, she stands out above the rest.
我们的女儿是一个不错的舞者，她从许多舞者中站台出去。
stands out:站台出去
David was in a box because his mother wanted him to stay home and his father wanted him to go shopping.
大卫在箱子，因为他妈妈要他呆在家里，而他爸爸要他去买东西。
in a box:在箱子
The sea ran high, and swept the little craft from stem to stern.
海面上海跑高，小船从头至尾都被浪头冲刷着。
sea ran high:海跑高
She has a stereotyped view of teachers, believing that they are all as bad as hers were.
她对于教师有种如她的是的观念，认为他们都与她以前那些教师一样差。
as hers were:如她的是
She was so stewed up with anxiety that she couldn't sleep.
她那么蒸煮高，觉也睡不着。
so stewed up:那么蒸煮高
They vowed to stick by one another no matter what happened.
他们立誓棍棒以一个另一个。
stick by one another:棍棒以一个另一个
The children in the pool did not have a stitch on.
池里的小孩子不有缝纫上。
not have a stitch on:不有缝纫上
Panic on the stock market set off a wave of selling.
股票市场上恐慌，掀起抛售浪潮.
Panic:恐慌
The stonework of the tower was crumbling, and the great clock had fallen into disrepair.
钟楼的石头框架是破裂，那座大钟也已年久失修。
was crumbling:是破裂
He can be ruthless in getting what he wants, but I believe he would stop short of blackmail.
他这个人为达到目的是是无情的，但我认为他还不至於使用敲诈手段.
be ruthless:是无情
I feel constrained to write (ie I feel I must write) and complain in the strongest possible terms.
我深感感觉限制，必须笔诛墨伐.
feel constrained:感觉限制
I feel constrained to write (ie I feel I must write) and complain in the strongest possible terms.
我深感责无旁贷，必须在是的最强可能的条款.
in the strongest possible terms:在是的最强可能的条款
After hearing the news, he stumped angrily out of the room.
听到这消息后，他愤怒地地走出房间。
angrily:愤怒地
Although the subject-matter (of her talk) was rather dull her witty delivery kept the audience interested.
尽管（她讲的）内容有些枯燥，但由於她善於表达，大家仍听得感兴趣.
interested:感兴趣
His negligence of duty and subsequent dismissal from his job brought on a crisis in his life.
他疏忽的义务，随之遭到解雇，这在他的生活中引起了一次危机。
negligence of duty:疏忽的义务
Susan was sullen in the morning because she hadn't slept well.
苏珊今天早上是沉闷，因为昨晚没睡好。
was sullen:是沉闷
The shop assistant was very supercilious towards me when I asked for some help.
我要买东西招呼售货员时，那个售货员对我非常傲慢。
very supercilious:非常傲慢
The beliefs which now hold sway may one day be rejected.
现在占主导地位的信仰一个一天可能会被摒弃。
one day:一个一天
He is the kind of person who swims with the tide.
他是那种游泳与是的潮汐的人。
swims with the tide:游泳与是的潮汐
The young girls swooned when they saw their favorite pop singer.
年青的姑娘们看到她们最喜欢的流行歌星时一个个都流血。
swooned:流血
All this must happen with very great speed, and only those who have had a lot of practice at table tennis can do this successfully.
所有这一切的反应都要非常迅速，只有那些打乒乓有很多的练习的人，才能成功地做到。
had a lot of practice:有很多的练习
They spread a lot of tacky gossip about his love life.
关于他的爱情生活，他们散播了许多不堪的闲话。
gossip:闲话
He's stop take drug now, but he may revert to take them again.
现在他停止吸毒了，但他可能逆转。
revert:逆转
I, for one, will never again take for granted the noble potato, golden fruit of the earth, to which we owe so much.
至少我对这种有恩于人类的、高贵的马铃薯、大地的黄金一般的果实，再也不接受为给予的了。
take for granted:接受为给予的
Small business should take heart at the government's new tax laws.
小商业看到政府的新税法应该接受心。
take heart:接受心
It was a tame book and he soon fell asleep over it.
那是一本驯服的书，不久他就趴在书上睡着了。
tame:驯服
Be careful, that girl is a real tease, she's the town heart-breaker.
小心，那是一个爱真正的开玩笑的女孩，她是镇上专伤男人心的人。
a real tease:真正的开玩笑
The actress was so temperamental that many people refused to work with her.
那位女演员那么天性，许多人都拒绝和她合作。
so temperamental:那么天性
The young tennis player definitely had the edge on his older opponent.
这个年轻的网球运动员显然比那个年纪大的对手有是的边缘上.
had the edge on:有是的边缘上
We were kept on tenterhooksfor hours while the judges were deciding the winners.
我们在等待裁判员裁决出优胜者，几个小时上泰特霍克斯.
on tenterhooksfor:上泰特霍克斯
The tightrope walker had us on tenterhooks until her reached the safety of the other side.
在那位走钢丝者安全到达另一边前，我们都一直有我们上毛毛虫。
had us on tenterhooks:有我们上毛毛虫
He eased himself along the ledge to reach the terrified boy.
他小心翼翼地沿著突出的檐向那惊恐的男孩靠近。
terrified:惊恐
Since he escaped from gaol, Tom has been living on a razor's edge, terrified of recapture.
汤姆越狱后，时时如惊恐，生怕再次被捕.
terrified:惊恐
Sharon and Terry have been going out (together) for six weeks.
沙伦和特里两人去出去已经有六个星期了.
going out:去出去
They just want to be told they're the best, the greatest.
他们只想别人把他们说成是最棒的作者、个个都是是的最伟大的。
the greatest:是的最伟大的
The travel has acquainted us with the customs of other lands.
这次旅行使我们了解了其他土地上的是的海关的其他土地。
the customs of other lands:是的海关的其他土地
Since the two main parties each won the same number of seats, the minority party holds the balance of power.
由於两个主要政党都赢得了相同数量的席位，因此作为少数派的政党居於持有是的平衡的力量的地位。
holds the balance of power:持有是的平衡的力量
The shops were crowded, for it was near the National Day.
国庆节将临，因此商店里是拥挤，人来人往。
were crowded:是拥挤
The net result of the long police investigation is that the identity of the killer is still a complete mystery.
警方经长时间调查，结果凶手的身分仍完成神秘.
a complete mystery:完成神秘
On October 31,1938 the radio inadvertently warned the people of a Martian invasion of New Jersey.
1938年10月31日，电台无意地地警告人们说，火星人要侵入新泽西州。
inadvertently:无意地
I still think the boss was thick-skinned for firing that worker.
我仍然认为老板辞退那个工人，真是厚皮。
thick-skinned:厚皮
She was thrilled with terror when she saw the scene of the murder.
她看到凶杀现场时，吓得很兴奋与恐怖。
thrilled with terror:很兴奋与恐怖
The business of the company has been ticking over for some time.
这家公司的生意已很久拍拍以上了。
ticking over:拍拍以上
Dolly, all your things are in a muddle, tidy up your room.
多丽，你的东西在混乱,，收拾收拾房间。
in a muddle,:在混乱,
A speech or piece of writing characterized by strong feeling or expression; a tirade.
坚固感觉或表达;的长篇坚固感觉或表达;的长篇演说或文章；长篇的弹劾性演说
strong feeling or expression;:坚固感觉或表达;
Book early if you want to be sure of a seat.
要想是肯定有个座位，那就早订座.
be sure:是肯定
To sum up, only when strict punishment can be imposed on the lawless, can social stability be maintained.
总之，唯有当严格惩罚加之于违法之徒时，才能维持社会安定。
strict punishment:严格惩罚
Never mind the tortuous explanation; tell me in plain English, are you coming or not?
别曲折的地解释了，直率地告诉我，你来不来？
tortuous:曲折的
I was shocked by the news of the tragic death of his twin brother.
听到他的孪生兄弟悲惨死亡，我大为震惊。
tragic death:悲惨死亡
She was in a transport of delight at the good news.
她听到这好消息在运输的喜悦。
in a transport of delight:在运输的喜悦
Now that I'm 90, I find the exertions of travelling too great.
我已经年届90，出远门已是的努力。
the exertions:是的努力
I waited for the results in a state of some trepidation.
我有些在状态的一些恐慌地等待着结果。
in a state of some trepidation:在状态的一些恐慌
How could you turn a deaf ear to her requests for help?
你怎么能对她的请求帮助转动聋人耳朵呢？
turn a deaf ear:转动聋人耳朵
You're not being paid to twiddle your thumbs all day, you know!
给你工钱不是让你整天旋转你的拇指，明白吗!.
twiddle your thumbs:旋转你的拇指
The city was under siege, How could they helplessly wait for death?
下面围攻，岂能束手待毙？
under siege:下面围攻
The city was under siege, How could they helplessly wait for death?
兵临城下，岂能无助地等待为死亡？
helplessly wait for death:无助地等待为死亡
Under the pressure of the urgent circumstances, he had to resign.
在紧急情况的逼迫下，他只好辞职。
urgent circumstances:紧急情况
It's impossible to remain unmoved by her reports of the famine.
任何人对她报道的饥荒情况都不可能留下无动。
remain unmoved:留下无动
In the holiday season one finds the trains unpleasantly full of people.
节日期间，人们可以看到火车上拥挤不堪，完全的人。
full of people:完全的人
It seemed unthinkable that he should have done such a wicked thing.
他竟干出这样的坏事，真令人不可思议。
unthinkable:不可思议
One, such as a person or an object, that is bulky, clumsy, or unwieldy.
大个子，庞大庞大、笨拙或不灵便的（人或物体）
bulky:庞大
In spite of all the criticism he received, he kept a stiff upper lip and said nothing.
尽管他受到很多的批评，但他仍然保留僵硬上层唇，没有说什么。
kept a stiff upper lip:保留僵硬上层唇
You are expected to answer the call with immediate actions and not with vacillation.
希望大家闻风而动，不要与振荡。
with vacillation:与振荡
From the vantage point of a window seat, you can survey the slums.
从靠窗座位你可以调查是的贫民窟俯瞰贫民窟。
survey the slums:调查是的贫民窟
The birds sang for them and for them the stars shone, and the whole verdant valley, teeming with richness and increase, gave up its odorous vapors.
小鸟为他们歌唱，群星为他们闪烁、绿树林的山谷到处呈现出丰饶与生机，散发着香喷喷的雾气。
verdant:绿树林
He became a champion at last in virtue of his perseverance.
凭着坚持不懈的精神，他终于成为冠军。
perseverance:坚持不懈
The vision of the table loaded with food made our mouths water.
看见桌上堆满了食物使我们所作的我们的口水。
made our mouths water:所作的我们的口水
They doctored her fruit juice with vodka and she got very drunk.
他们在她喝的果汁里搀入了伏特加酒致使她有非常醉汉.
got very drunk:有非常醉汉
He talked of his trip to HongKong in a cheerful voice.
他愉快地谈了他的香港之行。
cheerful:愉快
A person who makes elaborate, fraudulent, and often voluble claims to skill or knowledge; a quack or fraud.
假内行，庸医，骗子精心制作或制造欺骗的人，而且对自己的技术或知识常常详细的的人；江湖医生或骗子
elaborate:详细的
You must stop visiting that woman; tongues are beginning to wag.
你不能再去看望那女人了;人们已经瓦格了。
wag:瓦格
He threw himself upon his back and wallowed at my feet.
他昏昏欲睡在我的英尺地倒下去，在我脚边打滚。
wallowed at my feet:昏昏欲睡在我的英尺
Her mind seemed to be wandering and she didn't recognize us.
她好像漫步，没认出我们来.
wandering:漫步
The son was so captivated with the woman that he didn't heed his parents' warnings.
儿子为这个女人那么被囚禁，全然不顾他父母的告诫。
so captivated:那么被囚禁
The son was so captivated with the woman that he didn't heed his parents' warnings.
儿子为这个女人神魂颠倒，没有注意他父母的告诫。
didn't heed:没有注意
In his flay, he screwed up her letter and threw it into the wastepaper basket.
他在他的弗莱，把她写来的信揉成一团，扔进了废纸篓。
In his flay:在他的弗莱
She left home to escape the pressure to conform to her family's way of life.
她左家以求摆脱她家生活方式对她的束缚.
left home:左家
He always tries to bluster his way out of difficult situations.
他总是布莱斯特他的路面以摆脱困境.
bluster his way:布莱斯特他的路面
The sound of the careless passage of the jungle wayfarer come to the ear of the animal.
丛林里旅人粗心穿过的声音传到了动物的耳里。
careless:粗心
The store sells big ones, small ones, medium ones, or what have you.
无论是大、中、小等等号码，这家商店或什么?有你。
or what have you:或什么?有你
He is vague as may be; writing in what is called the "soaped-pig" fashion.
他总是含糊至极，写出的东西可谓“模糊”。
vague:模糊
The last we heard of him, he was still whoring after the pleasure of evil living.
我们最后听到有关他的消息时，他还在是的喜悦的邪恶生活过着淫荡生活。
the pleasure of evil living:是的喜悦的邪恶生活
The criminal is unpardonably wicked, by comparison, all other criminals are virtuous.
这个罪犯真是无可原谅邪恶，相比之下，其他罪犯还算有点良心。
unpardonably wicked:无可原谅邪恶
On a wild night our regiment took the fort by surprise.
在一个野生动物之夜，我团出其不意地攻占了那个要塞。
wild:野生动物
All her wiles were not enough to persuade them to sell the property.
她威爾斯也未能打动他们卖掉物业.
wiles:威爾斯
It's going to be hard work but we'll win through in the end.
那将是艰巨的工作，不过历经很困难工作后我们最后会取得胜利的。
hard work:很困难工作
Let's not waste a precious second on wishful thinking or useless regrets.
我们不要将宝贵的时间浪费在希望思考或作无谓的惋惜上。
wishful thinking:希望思考
She won the competition and won't stop crowing (over her rivals / her rivals' failure).
她在比赛中获得了胜利，（在对手面前）简直 crowing.
crowing:crowing
The student of astronomy is lost in wonder at the multitude and the distance of the stars.
这位天文学学生对星辰之繁多和距离之遥远在惊奇。
in wonder:在惊奇
We shouldn't complain about being poor many families are much worse off (than we are).
我们不应该因为穷而抱怨--许多人的家境（比起我们来）还要糟得多呢。
complain:抱怨
The car will soon go to wrack and ruin standing out in all kinds of weather.
汽车暴露于外任凭破裂及毁坏日晒，很快就会报废的。
wrack and ruin:破裂及毁坏
He wrinkled his brow, confused and worried by the strange events.
他皱著眉头，觉得这些怪事奇怪又十分担心。
strange:奇怪
You shouldn't treat the newspapers as if they were Holy Writ.
你不应该把报上说的话圣書寫。
Holy Writ:圣書寫
Were you frightened by that bull ?Frightened ?You bet I was; I was scared out of skin!
那头公牛把你吓坏了吧？吓坏了？的确是吓坏了；我被吓得出去的皮肤了！
out of skin:出去的皮肤
In the selection the lecturer neglected the negligible negative reflection on the election.
在选集中演讲者忽视了对选举的微不足道的消极反思。
negligible:微不足道
If you wanted me to go why didn't you say so in plain English instead of making vague hints?
你想叫我走，为什麽制造模糊提示而不直说?
making vague hints:制造模糊提示
We admired his intellectual providence to acquire vast stores of dry information.
我们钦佩他收集大量原始资料的知识分子预言。
intellectual providence:知识分子预言
His first novel was a flash in the pan, and he hasn't written anything decent since.
他的第一部小说如闪电在是的火锅，此后他再没写出像样的东西。
flash in the pan:闪电在是的火锅
The headmaster decided to make an example of the pupil and expel him from the school.
校长决定开除该生做一个例如。
make an example:做一个例如
The scientific research personnel who held the post without qualification must be transferred to another post.
必须把没有资格的科研人员调到其他工作岗位上去。
without qualification:没有资格
But devising incentives to encourage people to save more is a high priority, and the officials said they wanted to explore approaches that would not make much of a dent in Federal revenues, at least for some years.
但是制订鼓励人们储蓄奖励办法是高优先级，官员们说他们想要寻求不致过分影响联邦岁入的办法，至少几年之内不致影响。
a high priority:高优先级
Her fame has reached the most far-flung corners of the globe.
她已已到达是的大多数遥远的角的是的地球。。
reached the most far-flung corners of the globe.:已到达是的大多数遥远的角的是的地球。
The famine is so bad, aid can only scratch the surface.
饥荒十分严重，援助也只是划痕是的表面。
scratch the surface:划痕是的表面
The achievements of an athlete and a writer are not comparable.
运动员的成就与作家的成就不能可比的。
comparable:可比的
The club faced bankruptcy until a wealthy local businessman bailed them out.
俱乐部那时眼看就要破产，后来本地有位富商保释他们出去，才摆脱困境。
bailed them out:保释他们出去
She turned a deaf ear to our warnings and got lost.
她对我们的警告转动聋人耳朵，结果迷失了方向。
turned a deaf ear:转动聋人耳朵
His formal clothes made him the odd one out in the club.
他衣冠楚楚，在俱乐部中如所作的他是的奇特一个出去。
made him the odd one out:所作的他是的奇特一个出去
The problem may not arise, but there's no harm in keeping our powder dry.
问题不一定会发生，但有不伤害在保持并无害处.
there's no harm in keeping:有不伤害在保持
Sincere congratulations on your son wedding please convey our best wish.
令郎婚礼谨此致以诚挚的祝贺并请转达最美好的祝愿。
wedding:婚礼
She looked up from her exam paper with a worried frown.
她看完自己的试卷担心 frown地抬起头来。
a worried frown:担心 frown
In the summer, tourists flock to the museums and art galleries.
夏季游人群落到博物馆和艺术馆参观。
flock:群落
A jewel fell off her ring and she could find neither hide nor hair of it.
一颗宝石从她的戒指上脱落了，她四下找，却找到没有隐藏也头发的它。
find neither hide nor hair of it:找到没有隐藏也头发的它
I do wish he wouldn't condescend to the junior staff in his department.
我但愿他不要假惺惺地傲慢接近部门里的低级员工.
condescend:傲慢
She was such a prude that she was even embarrassed by the sight of naked children.
她正经得出了格，甚至见了裸体的孩子也难为情。
naked:裸体
The party organization is moving into top gear as the election approaches.
随着选举临近，党组织的活动也移动进入顶部齿轮。
moving into top gear:移动进入顶部齿轮
College students are not happy about the decline of job opportunities waiting for them when they graduate.
大学生们对其毕业后就业机会的减少感到不快乐。
not happy:不快乐
The flow of TV and cable channels that will allow individuals to access a revolutionary variety of entertainment, news, communications, home-shopping, etc.
电视和电讯通道的信息传输，这些信息通道让个人获得大量的娱乐、新闻、通讯服务和在家购物等，其种类令人品种。
variety:品种
The officer warmed the man to drop his gun or “end up in a body bag. ”
警察警告那人放下武器，否则结束高在身体袋子。
end up in a body bag:结束高在身体袋子
'First-class hotel' was a complete misnomer for the tumbledown farmhouse we stayed in.
把我们住的那个是的倒塌的村舍称作｀一流旅馆＇，纯粹是乱用词语。
the tumbledown:是的倒塌
He did not easily mix with others, with the result that on most social occasions he was the old man out.
他不善于同他人相处，因而在多数社交场合中他总是出去的。
out:出去
I'd say there is gentle move away from the simple to the baroque.
我认为，由“淡雅古朴”逐渐变为“从是的简单到是的巴洛克风格”。
from the simple to the baroque:从是的简单到是的巴洛克风格
The young girl violinist outshone (ie was much better than) all the other competitors.
那年轻姑娘演奏小提琴使所有的竞争者傲慢.
outshone:傲慢
That father can't discipline himself, much less set a good example for his children to follow.
那位父亲不能纪律自己，更不用说做孩子的榜样了。
discipline himself:纪律自己
The multiplication of numbers has made our club building too small.
会员的增加使得我们的俱乐部所作的我们的俱乐部建筑也小。
made our club building too small:所作的我们的俱乐部建筑也小
I get very nostalgic when I watch these old musicals on TV.
我从电视中看到这些旧音乐影片，怀旧之情获得.
get:获得
Mr. Hunter kept his eyes nailed on the car in front of his.
亨特先生保留他的眼睛钉在钉上地盯着他的前面一辆车子。
kept his eyes nailed:保留他的眼睛钉在钉上
It was a neck and neck horse race right down to the wire.
这次跑马赛右倒下到是的电线都胜败难分。
right down to the wire:右倒下到是的电线
A tough negotiator who had a number of cards up his sleeve.
一个拥有很多卡片高他的袖子的难以对付的谈判者
cards up his sleeve:卡片高他的袖子
Newton was so engrossed in his laboratory work that he often forgot to eat.
＂牛顿那么沉浸地在实验室工作，常常连吃饭也忘了。
so engrossed:那么沉浸
Is, as Mr. Nixon said, our prestige at an all time high?
是否如尼克松先生所说，我们的声望正一个所有时间高的高？
an all time high:一个所有时间高
It is no wonder that the children love to visit the farm.
孩子们喜欢去农场玩是不惊奇的。
no wonder:不惊奇
It seems such a pity that Noah and his party did not miss the boat.
诺亚和他的一行之能够及时上船，看来是一件非常如怜悯的事。
such a pity:如怜悯
She defeated all her rivals for the job with nonchalant ease.
她与无情轻松地击败求职的所有竞争者.
with nonchalant ease:与无情轻松
For all his years, he was none the less active and energetic.
他虽年事已高，但仍主动，精力旺盛。
active:主动
The hooting of an owl broke the silence now and again, giving Linda the creeps.
猫头鹰的叫声不时打破寂静，使琳达他爬虫。
he creeps:他爬虫
Starting from nowhere, he became a leading statesman in a few years.
他从一个无处不在几年之内成了一个大政治家。
nowhere:无处不在
This massacre is one of the towering obscenities of other time.
这次大屠杀是当今最崇高淫秽的事件之一。
towering obscenities:崇高淫秽
Humans may be able to live in the depths of the ocean some day.
一些一天人类也许能在海洋深处生活。
some day:一些一天
Uncle George got a black eye for ogling a lady in the pub.
乔治叔叔在酒店里对一女士黑眼睛而被打黑了一只眼睛。
a black eye:黑眼睛
The prairies stretch on all sides as far as the eye can see.
草原向四周伸展，如很远如是的眼睛可以看.
as far as the eye can see:如很远如是的眼睛可以看
The ocean stretched as far as they could see on all sides.
海洋十分辽阔，他们看上所有两边。无边无涯。
see on all sides.:看上所有两边。
The ocean stretched as far as they could see on all sides.
海洋十分辽阔，他们极目远眺伸展如很远如他们可以。
stretched as far as they could:伸展如很远如他们可以
He has been working here, on and off, for two years.
他在这儿上及取消工作了两年。
on and off:上及取消
She was a bit on edge till she heard he was safe.
她听到他安全才放下心来.
safe:安全
When I saw the flames I acted on instinct and threw a blanket over them.
我看见火焰时便采取行动上直觉把一张毯子扑在火焰上.
acted on instinct:采取行动上直觉
Mom has been on the run all week preparing for Tom's wedding.
母亲为准备汤姆的婚礼已经跑所有星期忙了整整一星期。
run all week:跑所有星期
He asked her to marry him on the spur of the moment.
他上是的冲动的是的那一刻之下向她求婚了。
on the spur of the moment:上是的冲动的是的那一刻
He watched the game from his perch on top of the wall.
他在墙头从他的佩尔奇上顶部的是的墙壁看比赛.
from his perch on top of the wall:从他的佩尔奇上顶部的是的墙壁
One after another rose to speak and pulled all his arguments to pieces.
他们纷纷起来发言，把他驳得拖拉所有他的论点到碎片。。
pulled all his arguments to pieces.:拖拉所有他的论点到碎片。
As the visiting team was much better, the game was one-sided.
因为客队强得多，这场比赛成为单边。
one-sided:单边
If this Administration has the unity of America within its heart, and I assume it has, it must consider, without prejudice, and with an open mind, such recommendations of the opposition.
如果政府心中有美国整体——我假设是有的——就一定会没有偏见地、胸怀坦荡地考虑反对党的这一建议。
without prejudice:没有偏见
If this Administration has the unity of America within its heart, and I assume it has, it must consider, without prejudice, and with an open mind, such recommendations of the opposition.
如果政府心中有美国整体——我假设是有的——就一定会不怀偏已地、与一个打开思绪地考虑反对党的这一建议。
with an open mind:与一个打开思绪
She thought that the Open University course would be easy, but now has to admit that she's out of her depth.
她原以为开放大学课程会很容易的，但现在不得不承认她出去的她深度。
out of her depth:出去的她深度
The book's opening is dull, but the last chapters are interesting.
那本书的开始部分沉闷，但最后几章很有意思。
dull:沉闷
One who conforms to the prevailing ways and opinions of one's time or condition for personal advantage; an opportunist.
符合到是的占主导地位方法的人为了个人好处而认同自己所处时期或状况中流行的方式或观念的人；机会主义者
conforms to the prevailing ways:符合到是的占主导地位方法
He has so organized his life that his wife suspects nothing.
他把生活安排得那么有组织，为的是不让妻子有任何怀疑.
so organized:那么有组织
The speaker seems to have no original ideas; his speech was full of platitudes.
＂演讲人似乎没有什么独到的见解，他的讲话充满了不原文想法。
no original ideas:不原文想法
Her head is out of proportion to the size of her body.
她的头部与身体大小出去的比例。
out of proportion:出去的比例
Our policies are getting outdated and need revising, but to try to swap horses in mid-stream might be dangerous.
我们的政策渐渐过时了，必须要修改，但是中途交换马在中流可能是危险的。
swap horses in mid-stream:交换马在中流
How Harry came into the possession of this outlandish stuff makes an interesting story which he is fond of relating.
哈里如何得到这种这个野蛮物料的东西，是一个他津津乐道的有趣的故事。
this outlandish stuff:这个野蛮物料
During the negotiations the opposing faction had us over a barrel.
在谈判中，那个对抗的派别使我们以上桶
over a barrel:以上桶
The bus was already overcrowded but they were still packing people in.
公共汽车已经过度拥挤了，可是他们还在让乘客挤进来。
overcrowded:过度拥挤
If you move to a smaller office you will reduce your overheads.
搬到小一些的办公室可以减少你的额外费用.
reduce your overheads:减少你的额外费用
She was overjoyed to hear about the arrival of the baby.
她听说婴儿出生而非常高兴.
overjoyed:非常高兴
Please answer my questions quickly and properly, not palter with them.
请马上准备回答我的问题，不要帕特尔。
palter:帕特尔
Before he reached the top, he was already sweating and panting.
他还没有爬到山顶就已经浑身出汗， pnting了。
panting:pnting
It is a paradox that in such a rich country there should be so many poor people.
在这么一个富有的国家中竟有这么多穷人，真是矛盾。
a paradox:矛盾
He was so absorbed in thought that he ran against a passerby.
他那么吸收地想心事，以至于和一个行人撞了个满怀。
so absorbed:那么吸收
At those words of mine he broke into a violent passion.
他听了我说的那些话便破裂进入暴力激情。
broke into a violent passion:破裂进入暴力激情
The problem is that in managing a career in real time, where you have to make important decisions without all of the facts, cookbook rules are simply not effective.
问题是，经营事业生涯需要管理职业在真正的时间，必须在缺乏事实资料的情形下，作出重大决策，因此，像食谱般照本宣科的规则根本行不通。
managing a career in real time:管理职业在真正的时间
Mr Bogdanor, an Oxford don and long a toiler in the constitutional vineyard, is a man with a mission.
博格达诺先生是牛津大学的一名讲师，长期在宪法研究方面长劳工，使命感强烈。
long a toiler:长劳工
In the UK the business schools at the universities of Oxford and Cambridge have taken a similar stance, and Henley will follow this lead.
在英国，牛津和剑桥大学的商学院也采用了类似做法，而亨利学院也将被采纳类似立场。
taken a similar stance:被采纳类似立场
Business studies — a mixture of law, accountancy and practical French — were taught at Oxford as early as the 13th century, arousing the same sniffy response from some of the dons as they do today.
早在13世纪牛津就开始教商学了，那是一个结合了法律、会计和实用法语的学科，和现在一样，许多教员对这种学科引起是的同样的臭答复。
arousing the same sniffy response:引起是的同样的臭答复
Today, whenever you mutter your usual reminders about cleaning the closet, learning to tango, or finding a new job / boyfriend / oven thermometer, make a note of it on a piece of paper.
今天，不论你什么时候要mutter一些平日里提醒自己打扫壁橱、学探戈舞、或找新工作/男友/烤箱温度计的话，那么将它记录在一张纸上。
mutter:mutter
I want to learn from you, face and ignore all of the gossip.
还是我要向你学习，无视一切，勇敢面对一切是的闲话。
the gossip:是的闲话
The difference between a languishing nation and one that will flourish, is the recognition that we need equal access to education for both boys and girls.
一个衰败的国家与一个繁荣的国家之间的区别在于是否认识到男孩与女孩之间应该有平等受教育的机会。
flourish:繁荣
The boys procured some twine and borrowed a lure from their unsuspecting father, a three-inch metal spoon which they attached upside down and then threw into the water a few yards behind their boat.
男孩们取得了些细绳并从他们那不怀疑的父亲处借到了一些饵料，他们用饵料包裹一块三英寸长的金属勺并把它投入船后几码外的水中。
unsuspecting:不怀疑
is the girl smokes a kind of vogue abandon oneself to vice still?
女孩子抽烟到是一种时尚还是放弃自己到恶意？
abandon oneself to vice:放弃自己到恶意
It seems that it is madder never to abandon oneself, than often to be infatuated;
从不放任自己去爱比经常迷恋上某个人更加是迷恋；
be infatuated:是迷恋
To ignore the new historical conditions is to cut things off from their historical context, to divorce oneself from reality, and to abandon dialectics for metaphysics.
那种否定新的历史条件的观点，就是割断历史，切断一些事情取消从他们历史上下文，搞形而上学，就是违反辩证法。
cut things off from their historical context:切断一些事情取消从他们历史上下文
But it has been interpreted to mean that they must abide by every footing wildlife regulation on earth.
但是它被解释成他们必须遵守地球上每一项有关底部的野生动物的法规。
footing:底部
It also damaged America's sense of itself as a virtuous country, so benevolent and well-intentioned that it does not have to abide by global rules.
美国一向摆出一副美德的面孔，凌驾于国际准则之上，然而伊拉克战争也使得美国人在道义上的优越感不复存在。
virtuous:美德
A bit of unindulged sexual tension in an office is a godsend.
办公室里一些无情的的异性吸引力是天赐之福。
unindulged:无情的
Some of the curator's choices seem a bit odd and the written descriptions, which add little, are occasionally heavy-handed.
馆长的一些选择似乎有些比特奇特，他附注的说明文字增色甚少，而且有时言不达意。
a bit odd:比特奇特
Now, drawing on new insights, theories, measurements and technologies — and perhaps a bit of scientific bravado — they are forecasting the shape of terra firma in the distant future.
现在，凭藉新的洞见、论、量和技术，以及也许再加上一点科学上的布拉瓦多，他们正在预测遥远的未来陆地的形貌。
bravado:布拉瓦多
Now that we have become alive to all this, we should have confidence in ourselves and improve our work.
懂得这一点，我们倒要有自信地好好地做工作。
have confidence:有自信
If you try to win someone with witty conversation you are likely to end up all alone.
如果你想凭聪明谈话来赢得对方的好感，很有可能会落得孤单的下场。
witty conversation:聪明谈话
When 3 of the guys left and one was all alone, I seen a complete change in his actions.
当有3个人离开后，只剩下一个人，我看到他的举动完成改变在他的行动。
a complete change in his actions:完成改变在他的行动
Actually, news is a commodity which involves anxious managerial concern all along the way.
事实上，新闻是一种商品，自始至终都有人要焦急地操纵它。
anxious:焦急
Although the capitalist world system is in powerful position all along, its decline is inevitable, and probably will touch off big upheaval.
虽然资本主义世界体系一直处于强势地位，但其衰落不可避免的，并有可能引发大的动乱。
inevitable:不可避免的
Islands are scattered all along China's coastline like stars in the sky.
中国沿海岛屿星星在是的天空。
stars in the sky:星星在是的天空
Although each teacher in training memorizes Piaget's four stages of childhood development (sensorimotor, preoperational, concrete operational, formal operational), the better part of Piaget's work is less well known, perhaps because schools of ed
尽管每一个受训的教师记住了皮雅杰关于儿童发展的四个阶段（感觉阶段、前期预备阶段、具体操作阶段、正式操作阶段）的理论，但皮雅杰著作更精妙的部分却是少好的已知，也许是因为师范学校认为它对教师而言"太深奥"了吧。
is less well known:是少好的已知
an experienced teacher will demonstrate some well-tried practical techniques that have been found to work in the classroom.
一名有经验的老师将示范一些在课堂上发现的已熟知的的实用的方法。
well-tried:已熟知的
She carried her heroism to the pitch of knitting socks for the forthcoming baby, although to do so made her heart palpitate uncomfortably.
她带有她英雄主义地为即将出生的婴儿编织袜子，虽然做这件事也使得她的心不安地突突狂跳。
carried her heroism:带有她英雄主义
She had had a great doubt and terror lest Arthur should not know her, but that pang was spared to her, in part at least.
她本来毫无把握，恐怖，怕亚瑟认不出她，结果这种忧虑是多余的，至少并不那么严重。
terror:恐怖
Each man was in a state of panic as to whether the others were doing more work than himself.
每个人都在状态的恐慌，生怕别人干得比自己多。
in a state of panic:在状态的恐慌
Once or twice, I recall, I experienced a moment of fear and it was fear bordering on panic.
我回想起有一两次我感受到片刻的恐惧，这是几乎到了恐惧的程度的恐惧。
fear:恐惧
The obsession with Soviet intentions causes the West to be smug during periods of detente and panicky during crisis.
由于对苏联的竭力纠缠不清，使得西方在缓和时期。迷恋，在危机时期又惊慌失措。
The obsession:。迷恋
The obsession with Soviet intentions causes the West to be smug during periods of detente and panicky during crisis.
由于对苏联的竭力纠缠不清，使得西方在缓和时期沾沾自喜，在危机时期又恐慌。
panicky:恐慌
Much of my own time was spent with unhappy, nearly panicky, colleagues.
我得耗费大量时间对付心情抑郁，近乎恐慌,的同事。
panicky,:恐慌,
This was a self-help program that made the president less panicky about escaping in case of fire or enemy attack.
这是个自助的计划，要使总统在一旦发生火灾敌人进攻时，对于逃走不会那么少恐慌。
less panicky:少恐慌
The panorama of color and action which fills the world is taken for granted.
大千世界中的。望远镜的颜色千变万化的景象被人看作是理所当然的。
The panorama of color:。望远镜的颜色
The panorama of color and action which fills the world is taken for granted.
大千世界中的五光十色千变万化的景象被人看作是是被采纳为给予的的。
is taken for granted:是被采纳为给予的
"These paddles can pull me through the water real fast," Ben panted.
“这些桨确实能够帮我游得更快。”本佩特德地说。
panted:佩特德
At the end of twenty minutes he dropped down panting, and about exhausted.
过二十分钟，他就吁吁带喘地倒在地下，几乎疲惫不堪。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
He looks all right, but his shirts and pants need cleaning.
他看上去所有右，只是他的衬衫和裤子该洗了。
all right:所有右
I singed a paper when I took the money, not feeling concerned about it at all.
我收钱时签了一个字据，当时我根本没有把它关切关于它。
concerned about it:关切关于它
The whole wealth so swiftly gathered in the paper values of pervious years vanished.
在以前的年月中很快积累得来的表现为票面价值的全部财富消失。
vanished:消失
Hindu and Arab venturesomeness brought arithmetic and algebra to the fore once again and placed it almost on a par with geometry.
印度人和阿拉伯人的闯劲把算术和代数又一次提高到几乎和几何置于它几乎上帕尔的地位。
placed it almost on a par:置于它几乎上帕尔
When the superior money has disappeared, the situation becomes very paradoxical.
当较优越的货币消失时，情况便变得有点矛盾的了。
paradoxical:矛盾的
To speak paradoxically, the existence of insignificant people has very important consequences in the world.
说来似乎近于怪论，天地间那些微不足道之人往往产生万分重大的影响。
insignificant:微不足道
At least she is a paragon with her feet on the ground.
她至少是一个与她英尺上是的地面的特殊人物。
with her feet on the ground:与她英尺上是的地面
The point is that while we have selected Carlson, he is by no means unique, and many well-managed firms parallel his example.
问题是我们已经选择了卡尔森，他决不是唯一的，许多管理出色的公司与他的例子平行。
parallel:平行
Host resistance and fungal virulence parallel each other in the cross.
寄生的抗病性的病原菌的毒力在杂交中是平行每个其他的。
parallel each other:平行每个其他
In some regions the types of mental and physical destitution were without parallel.
在有些地区里，精神上和物质上的贫乏的情况是没有平行的。
without parallel:没有平行
Again we were paralyzed in 1968 when the Prague uprising was crushed.
1968年，当布拉格起义被粉碎的时候，我们又一次是瘫痪。
were paralyzed:是瘫痪
The water rat, paralysed and string, saw at last a distant speck on the white surface of the road.
水老鼠瘫痪，木然远望，终于看见一个小斑点出现在远方洁白的路面上。
paralysed:瘫痪
It hardly was credible that such a heavenly light could be the parent of such a diabolical sound.
这样一直落自天穹的闪光竟会引起如此可信的的声响，简直有些令人难以置信。
credible:可信的
Why, Mrs. Piper has a good deal to say, chiefly in parentheses and without punctuation, but not much to tell.
当然罗，派珀尔太太有许多话要说，可是，主要是些东拉西扯，没有标记的话，而没有什么内容。
without punctuation:没有标记
During most of the journey Celia reconstructed the day's events, especially her own part in them.
归途中，大部分时间西莉亚都在回忆白天发生的事情，特别是自己的自有部分在他们。
own part in them:自有部分在他们
Graf took the better part of the year to climb to No .1 in women's tennis.
格拉芙接受是的更好部分，登上了本年度女子网球赛冠军的宝座。
took the better part:接受是的更好部分
Government will do, is doing and will continue to do its part.
政府将是做及意志继续地尽自己的责任。
is doing and will continue:是做及意志继续
It would be a sin on your part to abandon science.
抛弃科学对你来说将会罪恶。
a sin:罪恶
In 1889 Chicago had the peculiar qualification of growth which made such adventuresome pilgrimages even on the part of young girls plausible.
1889年，芝加哥显示着增长的生气，即使是年轻的姑娘也敢于冒险到这里来，试一试命。
growth:增长
The Queen had for long been hunted by a terror that the day might come when she would be obliged to part with her Minister.
女王早就猎人以恐怖，生怕有那么一天她不得不同她的首相分手。
hunted by a terror:猎人以恐怖
He immediately partook of his mother's anxiety and fell into a great flutter.
他立即分担了他母亲的焦虑，陷入一种极端伟大的颤抖之中。
a great flutter:伟大的颤抖
Mrs. Rachael was too good to feel any emotion at parting.
雷彻尔夫人这人太好了，临别时居然能也好的到感觉任何情感。
too good to feel any emotion:也好的到感觉任何情感
Ervin, for all his affected distraction and homely manner, was a sharp, resourceful and intensely partisan political animal.
尽管欧文装出一副分散注意力和貌不惊人的样子，但他却是一个敏锐，机智，而且极有门户之见的政治动物。
distraction:分散注意力
Ervin, for all his affected distraction and homely manner, was a sharp, resourceful and intensely partisan political animal.
尽管欧文装出一副满不在乎和在家礼貌的样子，但他却是一个敏锐，机智，而且极有门户之见的政治动物。
homely manner:在家礼貌
Ervin, for all his affected distraction and homely manner, was a sharp, resourceful and intensely partisan political animal.
尽管欧文装出一副满不在乎和貌不惊人的样子，但他却是一个敏锐，机智，而且极有聪明的政治动物。
resourceful:聪明
A very different type of block is that used for building the internal partitions between rooms.
另一种与上述非常不同的块体是用来建造房间之间内隔墙的砌块。
very different:非常不同
In anti-U-boat warfare the air weapon was now an equal partner with the surface ship.
在反潜艇战中，空中的武器现在已和水面的舰艇等于搭档。
equal partner:等于搭档
The thanks, the humility, the gratitude, the surprise of Mrs. Quiverful had been very overpowering.
奎瓦富太太的谦恭，惊讶与是的感激实在叫人受不了。
the gratitude:是的感激
Every man, especially those that are overprovident, is in estate like that of Promethus.
每一个人，特别是那种过剩的人，永远处在普罗米修斯所处的那样一种境地。
overprovident:过剩
The Negro quarter around 135th Street, New York, was overrun with fortune tellers and witch doctors.
在纽约135号街区周围的黑人区，占卜师和巫医超时。
overrun:超时
For the cumulative impact of sensory, cognitive or decisional overstimulation, creates sickness in our midst.
因为在感觉、知觉、和抉择上累积的超刺激的冲击，已经在我们中间酿成了疾病。
cumulative:累积
It was well known that the most flattering overtures had been transmitted to the Duke from the court of St Germains.
圣杰曼斯宫廷向公爵提出过夸张的建议，这也是尽人皆知的。
flattering:夸张
It was well known that the most flattering overtures had been transmitted to the Duke from the court of St Germains.
圣杰曼斯宫廷向公爵提出过阿谀奉承的建议，这也是它是好的已知的。
It was well known:它是好的已知
It was because he had not overturned the earth to take his daughter away from a woman who did not love her.
就因为他没有去翻覆是的地球，去把他的女儿从一个不爱她的女人手里夺回来。
overturned the earth:翻覆是的地球
He overwhelmed us with information and let us draw the wrong conclusion.
他向我们提供大量情报，使我们被压倒，得出错误的结论。
overwhelmed:被压倒
Zefter reeled as if she were intoxicated, overwhelmed by the clamor and congestion.
泽弗特尔摇摇晃晃地走着，好象喝醉了酒似的。她已经被嘈杂的声音和拥挤的人群闹得被压倒了。
overwhelmed:被压倒
The derelict farm would be plowed one last time, then sown with disappearing and all but unknown prairie seeds, and left to be.
废弃的农场将最后一次接受翻梨，然后被撒上行将绝迹的、几乎叫不上名字的草原种子，随后就左到是了。
left to be:左到是
Judy, I have some big news for you! / Yes? I am all ears.
朱迪，我有一些重大消息告诉你。/说吧，我正所有耳朵呢。
all ears:所有耳朵
All eyes turned to the woman, who, just minutes before, had been crying over the money she'd lost.
所有人的目光都投向了这位妇女，就在几分钟前，她还在为自己丢了钱而哭泣呢。
crying:哭泣
Suddenly the murmuring stopped and all eyes turned to their favorite and most skillful storyteller.
突然，尖叫的声音停止了，屋里所有人的目光都转向了他们最喜欢和最擅长讲故事的人。
murmuring:尖叫
At the end of the race Li Lei was all in.
在赛跑结束时李雷感到所有在了。
all in:所有在
She explained it all in a matter of fact, offhand, neutral way.
她以就是论事，随随便便，中性路面的口气做了解释。
neutral way:中性路面
The little that she said was all in lamentation of this inevitable delay.
她所说的。很小那她说，全是哀叹这迫不得已的耽延。
The little that she said:。很小那她说
The little that she said was all in lamentation of this inevitable delay.
她所说的寥寥数语，全是哀叹这不可避免的的耽延。
inevitable:不可避免的
All in the eyes: Men accused of being superficial are just following long-held survival instincts, say scientists.
科学家们表示，实验结果表面：男人们被批评过于肤浅的行为只是追随长期以来的生存本能。
superficial:表面
Now arrived the abbot and several hundred monks and nuns, all drawn by the prodigious smoke, and all in a grand state of excitement.
这时候，方丈和好几百僧民都来到了，全都被那不可思议的黑烟吸引来的，也全都兴奋得了不得。
prodigious:不可思议
And while economic growth has slowed, it is still running at over 4% a year, while the neighbours are all in or teetering close to recession.
尽管经济增长缓慢，但是印尼经济每年仍有超过4%的增长率，而印尼的邻国们的经济状况都在衰退或者处于衰退中。
recession:衰退
Such formidable accounts of her ladyship, and her manner of living, quite frightened Maria Lucas, who had been little used to company, and she looked forward to her introduction at Rosings with as much apprehension, as her father had done to his presen
玛丽亚·卢卡斯听说她老人家的为人处事这样可怕，不由得吓了一跳，因为她一向不大会应酬。她一想起要到罗新斯去拜望，就很多恐吓，正如她父亲当年进宫觐见一样。
much apprehension:很多恐吓
All of a sudden, a tiger appeared from a distance, running towards them.
突然，远方出现一只老虎，正朝他们正在运行。
running:正在运行
It takes decades for a country to grow up to a certain level, and all of a sudden it disappears.
一个国家要发展到一定的水平需要几十年的时间，而这一切突然之间就消失了。
disappears:消失
Yes, the sanctity of the A Class shares will remain, but all of a sudden Berkshire Hathaway will count thousands to millions of new shareholders and may even snag inclusion in the S & P 500.
没错，该公司A股依然是凛然留下，但突然之间，伯克希尔将会有成千上万的新股东，甚至有可能被拒于标准普尔500指数成份股之外。
remain:留下
But gentrification remains a long way off: in Chungking, middle-aged budget travellers rub shoulders with Pakistani and Bangladeshi immigrants and African traders.
不过体面阶层离该地区还很遥远：在重庆大厦，预算的中年旅客与巴基斯坦和孟加拉移民以及非洲商人摩肩接踵。
budget:预算
But gentrification remains a long way off: in Chungking, middle-aged budget travellers rub shoulders with Pakistani and Bangladeshi immigrants and African traders.
不过体面阶层离该地区还很遥远：在重庆大厦，精打细算的中年旅客与巴基斯坦和孟加拉移民以及非洲商人磨擦肩。
rub shoulders:磨擦肩
The parties of the leave have forme a common front to fight the force of reaction.
政党的左翼组成与。聚会的是的离开斗争的统一战线。
The parties of the leave:。聚会的是的离开
He is not a common - looking man, he has an elegant, smart carriage.
他优雅，很有风度。
elegant:优雅
TRANQUILLITY. Be not disturbed at trifles, or at accidents common or unavoidable.
平静. 不为小事或寻常之事或不可避免之事而令人不安在微不足道。
disturbed at trifles:令人不安在微不足道
We must do everything in a spirit of individual sacrifice for the common good.
我们做任何一种事情都必须保持一种个人牺牲为是的普通好的的精神。
individual sacrifice for the common good:个人牺牲为是的普通好的
Officials at the China - based company promoting the concert, Emma Ticketmaster, said they had no comment.
负责宣传这次音乐会的总部位于中国的公司官员艾玛?提克特马斯特说他们有不评论。
had no comment:有不评论
Hao Town of walnut, persimmon, black urban and rural areas of china clay, are all known.
郝庄镇的核桃、柿子，黑城乡的瓷土，均都所有已知。
all known:所有已知
Better be foremost among commoners than the lowest of the aristocracy.
比特是首先其中普通人比是的最低的是的贵族。
Better be foremost among commoners than the lowest of the aristocracy:比特是首先其中普通人比是的最低的是的贵族
It a commonly accepted rule - those who move more slowly should leave a path for a hurry.
原来，这里有个一般接受规则的规定:步履从容的人要给快节奏者留出通道。
a commonly accepted rule:一般接受规则
Another study found that the sick and disabled don't wallow in misery as is commonly believed.
另一项研究发现，病残人士并不像人们通常想像的那样沉睡在悲惨。
wallow in misery:沉睡在悲惨
Summary: Different Ways Achieve Unity vs Harmony: Recognizing Differences vs Starting from the Commonness.
总结: 不同的求和方法: 存异求同与开始从是的共同性。
Starting from the Commonness:开始从是的共同性
However, her profound wisdom and reflections on life enable her prose to transcend worldliness and commonness.
深远智慧及反射上生命的张爱玲，一方面，她的散文在选材上，与都市世俗生活有明显的贴近性。
profound wisdom and reflections on life:深远智慧及反射上生命
For example, commonweal establishment is a definite epitome and abstract with concision.
比如公益设施，就是对事物性质的明确概括和提炼，简洁明了、抽象与紧缩。
abstract with concision:抽象与紧缩
A mass of tourism commonweal organizations come forth and grow quickly.
众多的旅游公益组织也如来吧例如:及生长迅速般迅速崛起发展壮大。
come forth and grow quickly:来吧例如:及生长迅速
Eighteen years of commotion had made the majority of the people ready to buy repose at any price.
十八年的动荡使大多数人都准备在任何价格代价来赢得安宁。
at any price:在任何价格
"The Paris Commune" will go down in history and hand down a good reputation to a hundred future generations.
“巴黎公社 ” 将永垂史册，手倒下好的名誉到一百未来几代。
hand down a good reputation to a hundred future generations:手倒下好的名誉到一百未来几代
The women on bikes posed with their chins pointed triumphantly upward toward the sky.
裸体骑单车的女子在桥上大摆造型，她们以一种 triumphntly的姿态高昂着下巴，冲着天。
triumphantly:triumphntly
You'd walk into the room with a chip on your shoulder.
你总是与芯片上你的肩膀地走进房间里。
with a chip on your shoulder:与芯片上你的肩膀
If you have a high balance, then communication is open and free.
如果你帐户上余额很高，那么你同亲友交往就可以无话不谈，打开及免费。
open and free:打开及免费
When he made the famous communication to the Gun Club, the Captain's wrath passed all bounds.
他在大炮俱乐部作了那次有名的报告以后，船长的怒火简直达到已通过所有边界的程度。
passed all bounds:已通过所有边界
What's the end result of all these magical connections through shallow communication?
而通过浅的沟通得到的神奇关系会带来什么结果呢?
shallow:浅
Going through a rugged mountain road, we finally reached our destination.
通过一条粗糙的山路，我们终于到达了目的地。
rugged:粗糙
Information manager system based on computer and communications technology is in a period of vigorous development.
计算机与通信技术为基础的信息毕业设计正处于精力充沛发展的时期。
vigorous development:精力充沛发展
Crying is the refuge of plain women, but the ruin of pretty one.
哭哭啼啼是丑女的是的避难所，却是糟蹋美人儿之地。
the refuge:是的避难所
She's got a chip on her shoulder about not having gone to university.
她因为没有进入大学而有芯片上她肩膀。
got a chip on her shoulder:有芯片上她肩膀
Do you a chip on your shoulder? You are not youself today.
你今天怎么那样芯片上你的肩膀，一点也不像你了?
a chip on your shoulder:芯片上你的肩膀
A generation on, the transition from communism to capitalism has been remarkable.
从那一代人开始，共产主义开始朝着资本主义进行了令人瞩目的的转变。
remarkable:令人瞩目的
Role of virtue and rule by law supplement and promote each other.
法治和德治，是补充、相互促进的。
supplement:补充
Role of virtue and rule by law supplement and promote each other.
法治和德治，是相辅相成、促进每个其他的。
promote each other:促进每个其他
Legal faith is not to be disputed in terms of the importance of rule by law.
法律信仰对于法治的重要意义不到是争论。
not to be disputed:不到是争论
Asas I hope my life to be rule - free and unencaged, It'shouldn't be like that.
但是生活不应该是免费及不带手套的，无拘无束的，尽管我希望能够这样。
free and unencaged:免费及不带手套的
Developing the rule like common thing same, impossible in developing a process to the queen's taste.
正如一般事物发展规律一样，在发展过程中不可能是的女王的味道。
the queen's taste:是的女王的味道
You don't need to live by a complicated set of rules, laws, or values.
你不需要靠复杂的规则、法律或价值观来生存。
complicated:复杂
Dr. King and the other African - American community leaders felt a protest was needed.
金博士和其他美国黑人社区的领袖们感觉进行抗议是需要。。
was needed.:是需要。
And when tines found hidden mushrooms or wild chives, the moldy, spicy scents a perfect blend.
尖齿碰到藏在下面的蘑菇或野细香葱时，则散发出令人完美混合的恰到好处的霉香味。
a perfect blend:完美混合
But with Ethel's tireless work and community support, the Missionvale Care Center has expanded.
但是自从有了伊莎尔修女不耐烦工作的服务及社区支持之后，布道谷保健中心已经扩大。
tireless work:不耐烦工作
With debts of only 18% of GDP, the government has plenty more room to boost spending.
中国的外债水平只占其GDP的18%，政府刺激消费的空间有 plenty更多。
has plenty more:有 plenty更多
Where depression questions, ruminates and hesitates, mania answers with vigor and certainty.
当抑郁患者发出疑问、覆考虑，且犹豫时，躁狂患者则以充份的活力与信心勇往直前。
hesitates:犹豫
Where depression questions, ruminates and hesitates, mania answers with vigor and certainty.
当抑郁患者发出疑问、覆考虑，且裹足不前时，躁狂患者则以充份的活力与信心与活力及确定性。
with vigor and certainty:与活力及确定性
The reform of the procedure of commutation and parole is imperative.
对减刑、假释审理程序的改革不可避免的。
imperative:不可避免的
We too often borrow trouble, and anticipate that may geer appear.
我们常常过多地自寻烦恼，也经常借麻烦。
too often borrow trouble:也经常借麻烦
And the Irish Consigliere, Hagen, is not the man Genco Abbandando was, God rest his soul.
而爱尔兰籍参谋黑根，论威望，也不能同劲科-阿班旦杜是不是的男人根科阿巴南多是.愿上帝降福劲科的灵魂安息。
is not the man Genco Abbandando was:是不是的男人根科阿巴南多是
His songs, jokes, and fun kept the Warren in a roar.
他的歌声，他的笑料，以及他那诙谐的谈吐，使沃伦农庄变得在尖叫。
in a roar:在尖叫
At last the ocean is crossed, the trials are over, and land is in sight.
终于渡过了大洋，烦恼也到头了，大陆已是在视力。
is in sight:是在视力
The oil companied lined his pockets and he reduced their taxes.
石油公司让他配属有线他的口袋，而他则给石油公司减税。
companied lined his pockets:配属有线他的口袋
Most companies lack the information systems and management processes to get it right consistently.
大多数公司缺乏相关的信息系统和管理程序，因而无法获得它右一致地地正确定价。
get it right consistently:获得它右一致地
The town centre was chock - a - block (with traffic).
市中心 (车辆) 挤得封锁。
block:封锁
This scandal is all the more alarming because the companies implicated were mostly trusted household names.
更让人感到不安的是这些企业很多是是主要是相信家庭名字和人们所信赖的公司。
were mostly trusted household names:是主要是相信家庭名字
Both male and female collections were chock full of every shade of brown.
无论是男装系列还是女装系列，深浅不一的棕色震惊完全的。
chock full of:震惊完全的
Take care how you answer; for your life and salvation are at stake on it.
回答的时候你要慎重，因为这关系到你的在赌注上它。
at stake on it:在赌注上它
If they would simply go home, all under the Heavens would be harmonious once more.
只要他们撤回本国去，大家又会和谐了。
harmonious:和谐
Bonnie was devastated 5 to learn that her companion animal was so ill.
邦妮得知她的宠物伴侣患有重病而那么病。
so ill:那么病
She went on as companionable, as adaptable, as aloof and heart - whole as ever.
她还是像往常一样地人缘好，随和，清高，像往常一样心-全。
heart - whole:心-全
He swaggered out of the room, with much elegance and gentility.
他惊奇地从屋子里走出去，气度雍容，姿态优美。
swaggered:惊奇
He found very little congenial companionship in this casual Western city.
他在这个变化莫测的西部城市很少能找到先天性的友情。
congenial:先天性
Britain's stiff upper - lip is displayed to best advantage in hard times.
英国的僵硬上层-唇在艰难时期优势最为突出。
stiff upper - lip:僵硬上层-唇
John's fiancee wanted him to paint her, and always in a chocolate - box pose.
约翰的未婚妻要他给她画像，而总是摆着一副在巧克力-箱子露面的姿势。
in a chocolate - box pose:在巧克力-箱子露面
Don't wolf down an entire chocolate cake; you will get indigestion.
不要狼倒下地吃掉整个巧克力蛋糕你会消化不良的!
wolf down:狼倒下
During the economic crisis, the number of people making a run on the bank kept increasing.
经济危机中，来银行挤兑的人一直保留增加。
kept increasing:保留增加
At the same time, the company issued the first, albeit not very clearly.
与此同时，首批发行的公司也不非常很明显。
not very clearly:不非常很明显
He was also a loyal company man, never allowing his growing renown his head.
他也是一位忠诚的团队成员，从不让其不断上升的名望允许他的生长著名的他的头。
allowing his growing renown his head:允许他的生长著名的他的头
The company managed to stave off bankruptcy for another few months.
公司管理到又坚持了几个月而未破产。
managed to:管理到
For some humans, this may involve flowers, chocolate and sweet words. But these things are learnt.
包括鲜花、巧克力和甜美词汇: 这些都是可以习得的。
sweet words:甜美词汇
Georgina: I can't believe it! That really makes my blood boil.
乔治娜: 这简直难以置信，令人血沸腾!
blood boil:血沸腾
Without a surge in economic growth or ain commodity prices, fears of runaway inflation were overdone.
在经济增速或大宗商品价格没有出现飙升的情况下，担忧通胀失控显得有些过量。
overdone:过量
So long as the government prevents monetary excess, there is little risk of runaway inflation.
只要政府能够防止货币过剩，通胀失控的风险就很小。
little:很小
The hotel's empty except for Germans. It's giving me the creeps.
旅馆里空着，只有德国人，这叫我是的爬虫。
the creeps:是的爬虫
It is often no easier for those just a few rungs from the top, either.
而对于距高层职位只差几级的人来说，这也不容易的。
no easier:不容易的
They tried to talk, but not knowing each other's language they didn't get far.
他们试图交谈，但因彼此不知道每个他人的语言，还是没谈出什么名堂。
not knowing each other's language:不知道每个他人的语言
All - powerful power supply, the Bo adopt many long, choiceness design, realization cross over!
万能电源，是的博接受许多长，精巧设计，实现跨越!
the Bo adopt many long:是的博接受许多长
Wow! Well, then I have to say, you're a real go - getter!
喔! 我得说你是个真正的埋头苦干的人!
real:真正的
Wow! Well, then I have to say, you're a real go - getter!
喔! 我得说你是个不折不扣去-哈特勒的人!
go - getter:去-哈特勒
Either kept gettin broken into and robbed or shot up on the block.
还都被盗贼保留哈特丁破裂进入，席卷一空。
kept gettin broken into:保留哈特丁破裂进入
Either kept gettin broken into and robbed or shot up on the block.
还都被盗贼破门而入，抢劫或射击高上是的封锁。
robbed or shot up on the block:抢劫或射击高上是的封锁
She was not even sure herself how she kept the running tally in her head.
她自己也有点不甚至肯定，头脑里怎么会有一本清清楚楚的流水帐。
not even sure:不甚至肯定
Her angry and frustration grew stronger. She struck back by misbehaving and running away from home.
她的愤恨与挫折感越发强烈，就用不守规矩和正在运行离开从家进行反击。
running away from home:正在运行离开从家
I never prefer to play single. Running back and forth and smashing are killing me.
我永远都不会喜欢单打的，忽前忽后，大力扣杀，一定会把我搞得杀人我。
killing me:杀人我
When she learned the sad news, she found it hard to choke back her tears.
当她得知那个悲痛的消息时，泪水止不住令人窒息背面她泪水。
choke back her tears:令人窒息背面她泪水
So you're saying that you left her alone running for her life.
你是说在正在运行为她生命时，你却把她丢下不管了。
running for her life:正在运行为她生命
You'll have to fight through a lot of opposition to get the rules changed.
你们必须战斗通过很多的反对，以求变法。
fight through a lot of opposition:战斗通过很多的反对
That thief was running off with an angry crowd at his heels.
那小偷在前面跑，一群愤怒的人在后面在他的跟鞋。
at his heels:在他的跟鞋
Choker Walkman Sony's diminutive next - generation Walkman is worn around the neck like a choker.
项链式随身听索尼公司推出的下一代随身听微不足道，可以像项链那样挂在脖子上。
diminutive:微不足道
Izumi and I had a strictly compartmentalised yet totally intimate relationship.
泉和我保持着一种严格地分区化却又亲密无间的关系。
strictly compartmentalised:严格地分区化
Izumi and I had a strictly compartmentalised yet totally intimate relationship.
泉和我保持着一种泾渭分明却又亲密的关系。
intimate:亲密
In the final analysis this paper deliberates Chinese traditional interior space compartmentation.
本文在是的最后分析就是在设计实践中对传统的思考。
In the final analysis:在是的最后分析
Start a blog on your favorite topic, else you will always runof content.
从你最喜欢的话题开始，否则你就会走题，拉诺夫内容。
runof content:拉诺夫内容
He was mouthing the usual platitudes about the need for more compassion.
他口语地说了些需要更加同情之类的陈腔滥调。
mouthing:口语
He was mouthing the usual platitudes about the need for more compassion.
他言不由衷地说了些需要更加同情之类的是的通常夸张。
the usual platitudes:是的通常夸张
My heart is turned within Me; All My compassions have warmed.
我我的心是转动，我的怜恤大大发动。
My heart is turned:我的心是转动
Have you any ideas up your sleeve if our money runs out?
要是我们钱用光了你有什麽想法?
ideas:想法
Those others - Hawthorne, Melville, Henry James - are sceptical of their compatriots'confidence in moral progress.
其他作家如霍桑、梅尔维尔、亨利?詹姆斯不相信本国同胞自信的进取精神。
confidence:自信
Meanwhile, the summit exposed Mr Obama's split personality in compelling detail.
与此同时，奥巴马的双重人格在峰会上暴露。
exposed:暴露
Mass media become a compelling and core concept in modern life.
在当代社会生活中，大众传媒是一个引人注目的核心概念。
compelling:引人注目
I didn't understand why his eyes started to glaze at the mention of Chomsky.
我“不 ” “了解”为什么一提到乔姆斯基的名字他的两眼变得玻璃。
glaze:玻璃
He also compared the treatment of prisoners with that at the notorious Ghraib prison in Iraq.
同时他将对囚犯的治疗与伊拉克臭名昭著的阿布格莱布监狱相提并论。
notorious:臭名昭著
He also compared the treatment of prisoners with that at the notorious Ghraib prison in Iraq.
同时他将对囚犯的治疗与伊拉克臭名昭著的阿布格莱布监狱比较。
compared:比较
Compere: This thing had ended now, this has been established fact.
主持人: 现在这个事情已经有结束了，这已经是既定的事实。
had ended:有结束
Compere: Everybody thoroughly to those viewpoints at that time It'seems that.
主持人: 大家似乎都在当时对那些观点彻底地。
thoroughly:彻底地
Following the fades is a dead end. Choose your own adventure and stick with it.
一时的以下是的消失是行不通的. 选择并坚持你自己的活动吧。
Following the fades:以下是的消失
Once they discovered it, a rush for the new gold was on.
他们一旦发现了这种黄金，就会向这新金矿匆忙。
a rush:匆忙
That has been disabled cat, why can choosers causeway bread don't eat?
那样一直有残疾的猫，为什么可以选择者非铜锣饼不吃?
choosers:选择者
We like the feeling of performing a job competently and being in the flow of work.
如果工作表演工作有能力地，而且能感到自己就是这个工作的一份子，我们还是很喜欢这种感觉的。
performing a job competently:表演工作有能力地
I hope you not chop and change your mind so often.
我希望你不要总是剪切及改变你的思绪。
chop and change your mind:剪切及改变你的思绪
I hope you wouldn't chop and change your mind so often.
我希望你不要总是剪切及改变你的思绪。
chop and change your mind:剪切及改变你的思绪
Miss you much every day. Morning, three times, night, four times. So called, chop and change!
每天都很想你. 早晨三次，晚上四次，简称:跳跃及改变!
hop and change:跳跃及改变
If competes places that the audience population estimate is horrible to look.
如果比赛放在那，观众人数估计更是可怕到看。
horrible to look:可怕到看
I've always been able to learn languages easily; it's a gift.
我学习语言一向是很容易，这是天分。
easily:很容易
Over 30 unique free animated gifs included to get you started.
包括了30个唯一的的免费动态GIF图片。
unique:唯一的
he'd been looking forward to the wedding ever since as an invaluable chance to cut a figure and do some
毫无疑问，打从婚礼的消息宣布之日起，他就期望这一天的到来，认为这是切断图形和增大社会关系的极宝贵的机会。
cut a figure:切断图形
It needed to be chopped down before it toppled and destroyed some of the grave markers.
凯文聊起要将靠近自家土地的老墓地上一个倒下的死树放倒，以防它日后自行倒下时砸坏一些墓碑。
toppled:倒下
In between, the choppers of wounded kept coming, an endless supply of manpower and job security.
直升飞机保留即将到来的地给我们送来伤员，我们整天有干不完的工作，根本不愁会失业。
kept coming:保留即将到来的
She had health and beauty, and money to gild these gifts.
她健康而漂亮，富有使这些天赋更加叫喊。
gild:叫喊
For such a beautiful girl, to use make - up would be to gild the lily.
对一个这样漂亮的女孩来说，化妆有些叫喊是的莉莉。
gild the lily:叫喊是的莉莉
Old age, weak body, numb feelings and precarious marriage, with endless work and rushing about.
中年，是什麽呢苍老的年龄，虚弱的身体，麻木的感情，不稳定的婚姻，还有无止境的工作与奔波。
precarious:不稳定
Rushing the family room, she found her husband sprawled on the carpet.
她冲进房间一看，只见丈夫在地毯上蜷散布。
sprawled:散布
The enemy is licking his chops over our temporary difficulties, but we will certainly disappoint them.
敌人对我们的暂时困难勒索他的，但我们肯定会使他们沮丧的。
licking his chops:勒索他的
But the Gillette purchase dwarfs them, and will represent a far bigger integration challenge.
但收购吉列的交易将令上述交易矮人，并意味着大得多的整合挑战。
dwarfs:矮人
There are chords in the hearts of the most reckless which cannot be touched without emotion.
最最粗鲁的人也有几根心弦，一拨就会动感情。
reckless:粗鲁
Anyway, nowadays, reading the newspapers have become a mentally draining chore.
但是，现在读报纸已经变成一种排水干活了。
draining chore:排水干活
Juventus president Giovanni Cobolli Gigli says they'll fight tooth - and - nail to hold onto star goalkeeper Gigi Buffon.
尤文图斯主席吉利说他们将会战斗牙齿-及-钉子代价留住明星门将-布丰。
fight tooth - and - nail:战斗牙齿-及-钉子
Don't you think it's a little unkind to gloat over your competitor's failure?
你难道不认为对你对手的失败闪光是有点不近人情吗?
gloat:闪光
Don't you think it's a little unkind to gloat over your competitor's failure?
你难道不认为对你对手的失败幸灾乐祸是有点不友善吗?
unkind:不友善
The country was taut and excited like an athletic competitor at the end of his training.
这个国家象是一个体育竞赛者，在他训练完毕时那样的紧张和塔乌特及兴奋。
taut and excited:塔乌特及兴奋
Nevertheless, also be profuse in praise even the competitor to new edition browser.
尽管如此，就连竞争对手也对新版浏览器是夸张在赞扬。
be profuse in praise:是夸张在赞扬
Admittedly, the boarder - look is somewhat girly, and does not really suit an adult woman.
诚然，滑雪装扮有些小女孩气而且不适合成熟女性。
Admittedly:诚然
He was so lazy that he rusted out when he was still young.
他懒极了，因此腐烂出去什么时候他是仍旧年轻。
rusted out when he was still young:腐烂出去什么时候他是仍旧年轻
He was too lazy to exert himself and rusted out long before his time.
他懒得也懒惰到进行自己，因此早就未老先衰了。
too lazy to exert himself:也懒惰到进行自己
The teacher went to the trouble of compiling a handbook for the students.
老师去了到是的麻烦替学生编了一本手册。
went to the trouble:去了到是的麻烦
In 1977, to cover every intractable problem with excuses for complacent resignation.
而到了1977年，其目的在于，以不可解的顺从为理由口实，来掩盖各种难以驾驭的问题。
intractable:不可解
"That was just something for evening wear," returned his wife complacently.
“那套衣服是晚装，" 他妻子自满地地说道。
complacently:自满地
They said that her husband used to knock her about but they had never heard her complain.
他们说她丈夫曾对她敲击，但从没听她诉过苦。
knock:敲击
As an excited member of the beginners chorus line, I was aware of my lowly status.
我只能编入新学员合唱队，却依然兴奋。
excited:兴奋
The birds singing attracts our attention. What a pleasing twittering chorus singing the joy of spring.
是园边树林中的群鸟牵引著我们走过去， twittering的啁啾鸟语，是那麽欢欣地像是向人们告诉春天的消息。
twittering:twittering
Millionaires say, Got a big shot and thrown it all away, but I'm not too sure.
百万富翁们说: “有大射击及投掷它所有离开去试试.”到处都是这个声音，但我并不是很确定。
Got a big shot and thrown it all away:有大射击及投掷它所有离开
I want a wife who will not bother me with rambling complaints about a wife's duties.
我希望有这样一个老婆，她不会吵架投诉地抱怨做妻子的义务来烦扰我。
rambling complaints:吵架投诉
Vince: Yes! OK, yes. Stop it! You are just 2 ruthless.
文斯: 好! 好就好吧. 别再来了. 你真是无情。
ruthless:无情
Like this god of gods, you are protective of your subordinates and ruthless with your enemies.
你像这上帝的上帝，对下属百般袒护对敌人残酷斗争。
god of gods:上帝的上帝
This economic complementarity's is already evident in the pattern of trade.
这种经济上的互补性的贸易格局上已清楚地表现出来。
complementarity:互补性
The technological advancement in watch - making complemented the skill and development for design.
制表技术的进步与设计的技能和开发是补充的。
complemented:补充
Those three are trinity, complementing with each other, forming the quality of a leader.
三个方面是三位一体的，相互作用和补充与每个其他，从而促成了领袖的诞生。
complementing with each other:补充与每个其他
For outward glamour, or rank they have nothing but a cool contempt.
对于表面的荣誉、职称、地位这类东西他们是有没什么但凉爽蔑视的。
have nothing but a cool contempt:有没什么但凉爽蔑视
The Government is doing its best to put right certain glaring injustices.
政府正在做它的最好的到纠正某些突出的不公正现象。
doing its best to:做它的最好的到
Christine had been listening intently, an elbow planted on her desk.
克丽丝汀认真地地听着，一只臂肘抵在她的办公桌上。
intently:认真地
We must say that Tosakin is a dramatic comeback of Ryukin and a complete Nirvana.
不得不说，土佐金是琉金的一次戏剧性的重返，一次十足的涅盘。
dramatic comeback:戏剧性的重返
From the cottage window a few lamps were glimmering in the distance.
远处的农舍窗户闪烁几盏微弱的灯。
glimmering:闪烁
An iceberg off the coast of Canada glimmers in a ray of sunlight.
加拿大海岸外的一座冰山在阳光下闪烁。
glimmers:闪烁
It is probable that the Indian had some of the fearful glimpses of the unknown state.
也许这时，这个印第安人已看到了那些陌生的世界，不免感到害怕。
fearful:害怕
Also some faces be reluctant, still received the past partly compliantly finally, occasion is very awkward.
也有的不情愿,，最后还是半推半就地接了过去，场面非常尴尬。
reluctant,:不情愿,
Also some faces be reluctant, still received the past partly compliantly finally, occasion is very awkward.
也有的面露难色，最后还是部分按照规定地接了过去，场面非常尴尬。
partly compliantly:部分按照规定
They sat there with a kind of glitter in their eyes.
他们坐在那儿，个个闪烁在他们眼睛。
glitter in their eyes:闪烁在他们眼睛
No matter how complicated the situation was, he could cope with It'successfully.
不论情况多么复杂，他都能干预与成功了。
cope with It'successfully:干预与成功了
What was the use of trying to understand this vastly complicated and enigmatical world?
人为什么要拼命去认识这个复杂，高深莫测的世界呢?
complicated:复杂
What was the use of trying to understand this vastly complicated and enigmatical world?
人为什么要拼命去认识这个错综复杂，神秘的的世界呢?
enigmatical:神秘的
She was very excited, his eyes were filled with gloating look.
她非常兴奋，眼里饱含着闪耀的神情。
gloating:闪耀
A truly magnanimous person can lose without complaining and win without gloating.
一个真正慷慨的人可以做到输了不抱怨赢了不幸灾乐祸。
magnanimous:慷慨
A truly magnanimous person can lose without complaining and win without gloating.
一个真正宽宏大量的人可以做到输了不抱怨赢了不闪耀。
gloating:闪耀
This trend will increase in the future, further complicating the development process.
这一趋势将在未来增加，从而使开发过程进一步复杂化。
increase:增加
According to our presentday ideas the complier seems somewhat liberal with her butter and sugar.
照我们今天的观点看来，汇编者使用奶油和砂糖有点儿自由主义者。
liberal:自由主义者
His arm felt stiff from the gun's weight and his fingers were heavy with reluctance.
他的胳膊被枪压僵了，而且由于心里不想下手，手指头也变得与不情愿。
with reluctance:与不情愿
His speech and deportment do not comport with his high position.
他的口语及驱逐与他所担任的高级职务不相称。
speech and deportment:口语及驱逐
Elizabeth felt all the impertinence of her questions, but answered them very composedly.
伊丽莎白觉得她这些话问得唐突，不过还是有声地地回答了他。
composedly:有声地
Is my life free enough so that I feel chronically unstressed?
我的生活是否自自由在，感到时时的没有压力?
unstressed:没有压力
Glyn: I've just been to the library but had no luck at all.
格林: 我刚刚去过图书馆，但是有不幸运在所有。
had no luck at all:有不幸运在所有
We wholeheartedly welcome new and old friends and all work together!
我们真诚地各界新老朋友与我们携手共进!
wholeheartedly:真诚地
He continued to maintain a neutral attitude toward (s) both sides.
他对双方继续保持维持中性态度的态度。
maintain a neutral attitude:维持中性态度
He escaped death by a hair's breadth. If the other car had been going any faster, he would certainly have been killed.
他简直是逃脱死亡以头发宽度. 要是那辆车开得再快一点，他肯定被撞死了。
escaped death by a hair's breadth:逃脱死亡以头发宽度
A man must consider what a blind - man's - buff is this game of conformity.
一个人必须要认识到，游戏的一致性无异于蒙蔽你的双眼。
game of conformity:游戏的一致性
The doctor ordered him to strip and there he stood in nature's buff.
医生命令他脱掉衣服，于是他在自然的好心地站在哪儿。
in nature's buff:在自然的好心
Because of this, I would like to praise the noble colorful chrysanthemums.
由此，我要赞美高贵的有色的菊花。
colorful:有色
Is the flourishing of GM food in America a matter of hunger or poverty?
在美国，转基因食品是的繁荣的，这难道有饥饿或贫困有关?
the flourishing:是的繁荣的
It's better to be silent and thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
如果你只沉默的话，别人最多怀疑你是个傻瓜，你一开口说话，所有人都确信无疑你就是个傻瓜。
silent:沉默
We are all - singingall - dancing crap of the world. We all part of the same compost heap.
你跟其他的生物是同样的有机物，我们只是来这世界跳舞垃圾罢了，跟其他生物没什么两样。
dancing crap:跳舞垃圾
The government has made a song and dance about the issue.
政府对这件事情表现得所作的歌曲及舞蹈。
made a song and dance:所作的歌曲及舞蹈
In man's early days, competition with other creatures must have been critical.
在人类的早期，人和其他生物的竞争想必是关键性的。
critical:关键性
He had a feeling of relief, like one who drops exhausted at his journey's end.
他感到感觉的救济，就跟一个人在旅途终了时，精疲力竭地倒下来一样。
a feeling of relief:感觉的救济
He had a feeling of relief, like one who drops exhausted at his journey's end.
他感到如释重负，就跟一个人在旅途终了时，疲惫不堪地倒下来一样。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
In that glory of the day's end in that chaos of sunshine, he saw her again.
在这壮丽非凡的暮色里，在这混乱的夕照里，他又看见她了。
chaos:混乱
The people in the village hate him because he always chucks his weight about (around)
这个村的人们都恨他，因为他总是胡克他的重量关于(四周)。
chucks his weight about (around):胡克他的重量关于(四周)
If one day stop the development of GMF and you think that will outweigh the latter?
如果有一天GMF的发展停止了，您认为那会意志比重是的后者吗?
will outweigh the latter:意志比重是的后者
It's still on my conscience that I didn't warn her in time.
我未能及时提醒她，这事至今使我仍旧上我的良心。
still on my conscience:仍旧上我的良心
So still loving your wife after she has sex with someone else makes you a chump?
带了绿帽子之后，还仍旧爱的爱你太太，这样就是呆子了?
still loving:仍旧爱
So still loving your wife after she has sex with someone else makes you a chump?
之后她有性别与某人别的之后，还死心塌地的爱你太太，这样就是呆子了?
after she has sex with someone else:之后她有性别与某人别的
The Mobile Studio's intuitive administrator interface allows web masters to rapidly create a compelling developer portal.
mobileStudio直观的管理员界面允许网站站长迅速创建一个引人注目的开发人员门户。
compelling:引人注目
We are in a haze, the grave at only an arm's length.
我们身在雾中，与墓地在只有一个手臂长度。
at only an arm's length:在只有一个手臂长度
Mr. Lv Si - mian's lifetime could be attributed to be diligent in writing, and tireless in teaching.
吕思勉先生的一生，勤奋著述，不耐烦在教学。
tireless in teaching:不耐烦在教学
An angry Martin Luther nailed 95 theocrats to a church door.
生气的马丁·路德把95个神学人员钉到教堂门上。
angry:生气
He's been extremely sick, but thankfully he's off the danger list now.
他一度非常病人，不过万幸的是，他现在已经脱离危险了。
extremely sick:非常病人
He's been extremely sick, but thankfully he's off the danger list now.
他一度病入膏肓，不过万幸的是，他现在已经取消是的危险了。
off the danger:取消是的危险
I'll let things ride for a week and see what happens.
我先让事情让一些事情骑车一星期再说。
let things ride:让一些事情骑车
That's right. I was. But things turned out differently than I expected.
对呀，是有这么回事. 但结果却和我预想的不同。
differently:不同
She had always wanted to own her own house, and now she had obtained her goal.
她一直想有一所自己的房子，现在她已获得的她目标了。
obtained her goal:获得的她目标
I was amazed at the brilliant undersea scenery created by computer animation.
我对电脑动画创造的精彩海底景色感到惊奇。
amazed:惊奇
When I was eight years old, my parents were faultless gods.
八岁时，我视父母为无误的崇拜偶像。
faultless:无误
Harriet was further unfortunate in the tone of her companions at Mrs. Goddard's.
赫蕊埃特在郭达德夫人家那些朋友的同伴中，更是不幸。
companions:同伴
Mr. Godfrey - always ready to return good for evil - tried to spare her.
高孚利先生 -- 一向是个准备好到返回好的为邪恶的人 -- 竭力不把伤她心的话说出口来。
ready to return good for evil:准备好到返回好的为邪恶
Zeus eventually becomes angry and reappears in his enlarged godly form.
终于宙斯也生气，再次以神的形态出现。
angry:生气
What's next for Wang? For this talented young the sky's the limit!
王力宏的下一步会是什么 ?对这个有才华的青春偶像来说，前途可谓无可限量!
talented:有才华
Some pulp writers churn out two or three short stories a day.
有些低级杂志的作家每天摇摆出去地写出两三篇短篇小说。
churn out:摇摆出去
Now Paradox with its affiliate Gamersgate is a major player in the computer gaming industry.
而现在P社和它的附属公司Gamersgate在电脑游戏产业里扮演着主要的角色。
major:主要
Nothing unhappy was to be seen except Peter Goldthwaite's ancient house.
除了彼得·戈德思韦特的老房子，看不到不快乐的东西。
unhappy:不快乐
Call it the chutzpah factor: no lie was too ridiculous to tell.
我们且称之为是的傲慢素质吧: 谎言再荒谬都说得出口。
the chutzpah:是的傲慢
She was born smart - and look how her father's trained her.
她生来就聪明 -- 瞧她爸爸又是怎样培养她的。
smart:聪明
If Gollum had contrived to follow them, he remained unseen and unheard.
如果咕噜仍然有设想的到跟进他们，那他的身形和动静都掩饰得很好。
had contrived to follow them:有设想的到跟进他们
There's something odd about the way that fellow is behaving. I am sure he's up to no good.
那个人奇特，肯定要做坏事。
odd:奇特
So the Lord said a great outcry over Sodom and Gomorrah; their sin is very grave.
天主说:“所多玛和蛾摩拉地方伟大的大声喊叫，怨声已传达我耳中. ”
a great outcry:伟大的大声喊叫
Extraordinary change would have to occur, inside India and in India's relationships with the world.
无论是印度国内，还是印度与世界的关系，都必须发生奇特的变化。
Extraordinary:奇特
The Tianwan River slope of the Gongga Mountain is a beautiful landscape and natural environment.
贡嘎山南麓田湾河美丽的景观，生态环境基本上保持着天然“本底”，是川西高原生态旅游资源开发的重要地区之一。
a beautiful landscape:美丽的景观
Sick of bloated browsers that gobble up too much computer memory?
你是否对那些吞噬了大量计算空间的胡萝卜高也很多的浏览器深恶痛绝了?
gobble up too much:胡萝卜高也很多
Sick of bloated browsers that gobble up too much computer memory?
你是否对那些吞噬了大量计算空间的言过其实的浏览器胡萝卜高也很多了?
gobble up too much:胡萝卜高也很多
Now the question is, whether it's worth while to undo all that has been done.
现在的问题是撤销所有那有是的已完成是否值得。
undo all that has been done:撤销所有那有是的已完成
In such a background, China's high sour gas purification technology will also face unprecedented challenges.
在此种背景下，我国对于高含硫天然气净化工艺技术也将遇到史无前例的挑战。
unprecedented:史无前例
Hearing the sound of the engine, passengers file in the bus. And the cicerone nose - count again.
听到车子发动的声音，旅客们又文件在了。
file in:文件在
A variety of LED and conventional units are used to perform glowing effects and colour rendering.
多种LED和传统灯具的结合使用，表现出了颜色和金黄的效果。
colour:颜色
Anyone paying attention to computers the past 20 years will understand its dynamics.
关注过去20年电脑发展的人对软件的动力学应该深有体会。
dynamics:动力学
The rate at which the Google computing system has grown is as remarkable as its size.
Google计算机系统增长的速度和规模同样令人瞩目的。
remarkable:令人瞩目的
Don't be surprised if all these cigarettes you are smoking catch up on you one day.
如果你现在抽的那些香烟哪一天损害到你的健康，你可别惊奇。
surprised:惊奇
We are old comrades - in - arms who have stood together through thick and thin.
我们是站立一起通过厚及瘦的战友。
stood together through thick and thin:站立一起通过厚及瘦
You can take this as absolute gospel, ie should believe it.
你应该相信这是绝对圣经的。
absolute gospel:绝对圣经
Criminologists studied price - gouging and the breakdown of social order.
犯罪学家则研究价格-流水及社会失序的情况。
price - gouging:价格-流水
From that, an unresolved problem that keeps annoying us is sa a stone in the shoe.
因此，一个扰人的一直未解决的问题可以称做“鞋里的小石头”，比喻意义就是如鲠在喉。
unresolved:未解决
From that, an unresolved problem that keeps annoying us is sa a stone in the shoe.
因此，一个扰人的一直悬而未决的问题可以称做“鞋里的小石头”，比喻意义就是石头在是的鞋。
a stone in the shoe:石头在是的鞋
The most grotesque fantastic conceits haunted him in his bed at night.
夜晚躺在床上的时候，各种离奇怪诞的幻想被追踪。
haunted:被追踪
The national treasury was bankrupt and the populace was seething 7 in its sabots 8.
国库空虚，是的人口是渗流七在它的破坏者八。
the populace was seething 7 in its sabots 8:是的人口是渗流七在它的破坏者八
Then drive to the destination and concentratively making all the customers get on the bus politely.
驾驶时集中开好车.安全准点地把客人载往目的地是我一直服务的宗旨。
concentratively:集中
"You're irrepressible,'she said," I expected to find you in sackcloth and ashes, and silent. "
“你不可压抑，” 她说，“ 我原指望见到你满面愁容，一心忏悔，默默无语. ”
irrepressible:不可压抑
"You're irrepressible,'she said," I expected to find you in sackcloth and ashes, and silent. "
“你无可救药，” 她说，“ 我原指望见到你满面愁容，一心忏悔，沉默. ”
silent:沉默
Gracie, making money is not as important as going to school.
格蕾西，赚钱跟上学是不能不如重要的的。
not as important:不如重要的
In 1840 Sir William Congreve, an English artillery captain, began some notable experiments with rockets.
1804年，威廉·康格利夫爵士，一位英国炮兵上尉，对火箭开始了一些值得注意的的实验。
notable:值得注意的
Even if we have to make sacrifices, we should not begrudge them. "
即使作出牺牲，也做牺牲,。
make sacrifices,:做牺牲,
I always felt sneakingly that I wanted to be a concert pianist.
我总是偷偷地得想要成为一个演奏会上的钢琴演奏者。
sneakingly:偷偷地
Do not sad, not depressed, after heavy rainfall total sun always arise.
不要悲伤，不要沮丧，大雨过后总太阳总会出现的。
depressed:沮丧
Dear: Christmas arrived, you do not sad, not sad, although we poles apart.
亲爱的: 圣诞节到了，你不要悲伤，不要难过，我们虽远隔两极分开。
poles apart:两极分开
He drinks to forget his problems, which center on being in debt, but the money he spends on drink only gets him deeper in debt, and so on—it's a vicious circle.
为了忘却烦恼他喝酒，而烦恼的中心又是欠债，但他喝酒花费的钱只能使他负债更多，如此下去——那真是邪恶圆圈。
a vicious circle:邪恶圆圈
He came down the following morning a sad and thoughtful man.
第二天早上，他走下楼来，可怜而有思想的人。
thoughtful:有思想的人
It was that made her wear a sad and thoughtful countenance.
因此她才那样悲伤，心事重重。
sad:悲伤
It was that made her wear a sad and thoughtful countenance.
因此她才那样愁眉苦脸，有思想的人。
thoughtful:有思想的人
It is frigid at the Antarctic Circle, which is a world of ice and snow.
南极圈里十分寒冷，一片的世界的冰及雪。
a world of ice and snow:世界的冰及雪
Celia thought, despite all his grandstanding and politics, he cares too.
西莉亚想，尽管他热衷于高贵和党派政治，但也并非无动于衷。
grandstanding:高贵
There should be an impartial chairman accustomed to weigh evidence and cross - examine.
应该有一位公正的谙于判断证据，反复核实的主席。
impartial:公正
He was, as everybody must see, in a sad case for his patriotism.
如每个人都必须看，他的爱国心必然会处在十分为难的地位。
as everybody must see:如每个人都必须看
A sad - faced factory worker has just lost his job in a factory.
一个整天悲伤-面对面的工人刚刚下岗。
sad - faced:悲伤-面对面
I saw the slow - moving, sad - faced old gentleman as he bounced off the hood of my car.
我的汽车发动机罩撞飞了一个上了年纪的绅士时，我见他慢-移动、满脸沮丧。
slow - moving:慢-移动
You'll be feeling lonely now that your circle of friends has split up.
既然你结交的朋友已经分裂高，你现在一定感到孤单。
split up:分裂高
He is such a sad sack man that he makes mistake everyday.
他真是个悲伤袋子男人，以致他每天都会犯错误。
a sad sack man:悲伤袋子男人
I grant that he wastes his money, but he always spends it on his friends.
我承认他用钱是废物他的钱，但是他总是把钱花在朋友身上。
wastes his money:废物他的钱
Granted that he is not brilliant, he is at least competent and diligent.
尽管他并非英俊，但他至少称职、勤奋。
brilliant:英俊
With concerted action, many millions of premature deaths can be averted in the decades ahead.
由于采取一致的的行动，数百万生命的过早死亡可避免在未来数十年。
concerted:一致的
Granting all this, short - term restraint is both unnecessary and dangerous.
假设赠款所有这个，短期限制措施就既无必要，也存在隐患。
Granting all this:赠款所有这个
There has been much gossip in commercial circles as to his resignation.
关于他的辞职，在商界一直有很多闲话。
gossip:闲话
I seen him grapple four, and knock their heads together - him unarmed.'
我曾见他打架地以一对四，揪住对手的脑袋相互碰撞.”
grapple:打架
He had weight and might be expected to grapple with a disease and throw it.
他有重量，看样子就是一个可以与疾病博斗，把它制服的勇士。
had weight:有重量
G ü nter Gras persists in reflecting on history in his literary works.
摘要格拉斯的创作是针对逝去历史之作，创作中他坚持反思历史问题的思想，坚持。
persists:坚持
When we are happy to play when a colorful conch attracted me.
正当我们开心地玩的时候，一块有色的海螺吸引了我。
colorful:有色
Extensive efforts were made to improve public security at the grassroots level.
广泛基层安全创建活动。
Extensive:广泛
It was gratifying to know of the success of our efforts.
听说我们的努力取得了成功是令人满意的。
gratifying:令人满意
Morris had conciliated her at first, and made his impression by his delicate and calculated deference.
莫里斯先是讨得她的欢心，以他经过敏感及计算尊重而装扮出来的尊敬博得她的好感。
delicate and calculated deference:敏感及计算尊重
The natural tendency of neural circuitry is to play games with itself.
神经电路天生有玩游戏与自己的倾向。
play games with itself:玩游戏与自己
Given the underlying appetite for concision, he notes: "A photo can be worth a thousand words."
人们骨子里就喜欢简约，因此他指出: “一张照片可抵得上千词汇. ”
a thousand words:千词汇
They concluded it best to leave the matter as it was.
他们决定此事最好还是离开是的物质如它是。
leave the matter as it was:离开是的物质如它是
Out of sheer despair she at once concocted a reckless scheme.
绝望之余，她想出了一个粗鲁的计策。
reckless:粗鲁
But its creative ice - cream concoctions provided a delightful end to an amazing meal.
然而，其富有创意的配制冰琪淋为这顿令人令人惊奇的大餐划上了完满的句号。
amazing:令人惊奇
It will be easily imagined what was the concourse of visitors to this pot.
当时参观者是的比赛场的参观者到这个罐头的情形，自然是不难理解的。
the concourse of visitors to this pot:是的比赛场的参观者到这个罐头
Your money will be as safe as houses in that company.
你把资金投到那家公司，保证是如安全。
be as safe:是如安全
There could be no question of treachery. The meeting would be safe as a wedding.
参加这样的会谈，就会像参加婚礼一样是安全。
be safe:是安全
Here a close - up of a number of sperm trying to fertilise an egg.
这张图片上显示的是大量精子正在接近-高的数目的地给卵子受精。
close - up of a number of:接近-高的数目的
I'm wearing black for the party it's always a safe bet.
我穿黑色礼服参加聚会 -- 永远安全赌注。
always a safe bet:永远安全赌注
Anchor concreting is an effective support technique to control surrounding rock deformation and keep tunnel stability.
锚杆注浆是一种有效的控制围岩变形和保证巷道稳定的支护技术。
effective:有效
I never refuse odd jobs to supplement my income it's all grist to the mill.
我为增加收入，对于做零活总是永远拒绝--多多益善。
never refuse:永远拒绝
I never refuse odd jobs to supplement my income it's all grist to the mill.
我为增加收入，对于做零活总是来者不拒--所有灰烬到是的磨坊。
all grist to the mill:所有灰烬到是的磨坊
It is better to see once than hear a hundred times.
它是更好到看一次比听一百时间。。
It is better to see once than hear a hundred times.:它是更好到看一次比听一百时间。
Door - to - door at night while you drink, to celebrate the festive season.
晚间则大家门-到-门喝酒、共庆佳节。
Door - to - door:门-到-门
I do wish he wouldn't condescend to the junior staff in his department.
我但愿他不要假惺惺地傲慢到接近部门里的低级员工。
condescend to:傲慢到
Condidates who interview badly are either talk too are either over - polite or rudely abrupt.
面试糟糕的应征者不是话太少就是说话也，不是过于拘谨就是粗鲁无礼。
talk too:说话也
He eked out him salary by fetch and carry for the neighbourhood.
他替邻近的人家提取及承载，以弥补薪金的不足。
fetch and carry:提取及承载
His actual condition was not to be expressed in a few words.
他的现状表示在很少词汇。
expressed in a few words:表示在很少词汇
Consider the problem of whether to lie to a terminally ill patient about her condition.
考虑一下是否可以对一个最后病的病人隐瞒病情的问题。
terminally ill:最后病
For the most part, dementia and delirium hae been viewed as separate and distinct conditions.
绝大多数看来，痴呆和谵妄被视作独立和分开的病态。
separate:分开
Time passed quickly in this peaceful environment. Soon, before anyone was aware of it, evening came.
在这个和平的环境里光阴过得非常快，之前任何人是知道的它地到了傍晚。
before anyone was aware of it:之前任何人是知道的它
You should use dirty tricks, and resort to every conceivable means.
你居然连这种手段都用出来了，真是避难所到每可以想象的表示!
resort to every conceivable means:避难所到每可以想象的表示
The sagacious minister offered what he considered a rather clever explanation.
明智的牧师说了一套他认为相当聪明的解释。
sagacious:明智
They stood throwing each other sentences all sprightful and sagacious for a while.
他们站着，可怕，风趣横生地交谈了一会儿。
sprightful:可怕
They stood throwing each other sentences all sprightful and sagacious for a while.
他们站着，兴致勃勃，明智地交谈了一会儿。
sagacious:明智
Alan's anger rose to fever pitch and he rushed towards them.
他感到愤怒，怒不可遏地冲向他们。
anger:愤怒
Alan's anger rose to fever pitch and he rushed towards them.
他感到痛苦万分，愤怒地冲向他们。
anger:愤怒
Before the nineteenth century, scientists with an interest in the sea were few and far between.
19世纪以前，对海洋感兴趣的科学家很少及很远。
few and far:很少及很远
After a few days on the tarmac it turned tail for Washington.
在飞机场逗留几天之后，这架飞机转动尾巴，又飞回了美国首都华盛顿。
turned tail:转动尾巴
The unusual arrangement will give London - based GSK 85 percent equity and New York's Pfizer the remainder.
这项不寻常的协议规定，总部在伦敦的葛兰素史克占了其中85%的股份，而剩下的归纽约的辉瑞所有。
unusual:不寻常
If you want to solve these problems, the condominiums ownership system must be established.
要想解决这些问题，建筑物区分所有权制度的确立必须是。
must be:必须是
At first he was most dictatorial and aggressive in what he said, but when he realised that he would get nowhere by...
起初他的说法十分专横武断，但当他认识到这样做行不通的时候，他就开始他会获得无处不在以了。
he would get nowhere by:他会获得无处不在以
"I shouldn't worry about it,'said Bert," I often have a chat to myself! "
“我才不去操这份心，” 伯特说，“ 我也常常有聊天到自己. ”
have a chat to myself:有聊天到自己
Don't worry too much about what she said—she tends to dramatize things.
别太在意她说的话—她往往戏剧化一些事情。
dramatize things:戏剧化一些事情
Conductor in order to perfect, but also for us a police escort to the airport.
列车长为了完美，还专为我们联系了警车护送到机场。
perfect:完美
Guantao Formation outstanding County has resulted in generation after generation of people Shizhe yin.
馆陶县杰出，造就了一代又一代贤士哲人。
outstanding:杰出
We engaged a guide to show us the way across the mountains.
我们雇了个向导带领我们越过是的山。
across the mountains:越过是的山
Standing in her way is and at times outspoken Mayor of New York, republican Rudy Guiliani.
她的绊脚石是纽约市长，共和党人鲁迪·利安尼.此人脾气不好，有时也明言明语。
outspoken:明言明语
Plain sailing all your life would also be a boring thing.
而平原航海的人生也会令人厌烦。
Plain sailing:平原航海
Churchyard gully freely, on any account rises and fall, upper broken up.
境内沟壑纵横，高低起伏，地表破裂高。
broken up:破裂高
Tao Zi looks around all directions and at last, she sees Tang Gulu.
陶子往看起来四周所有方向，最后终于看见了唐咕噜。
looks around all directions:看起来四周所有方向
The results, unusually, were determined not by confessional divisions but by political alignments.
不寻常的的是，选举结果不是以宗教分歧而是以政治路线决定。
unusually:不寻常的
A drunken man staggered into a Catholic church, sat down in the Confessional and said nothing.
一个男人喝得醉汉，摇摇摆摆地走进一座天主教堂，一言不发地坐在忏悔室中。
drunken:醉汉
A drunken man staggered into a Catholic church, sat down in the Confessional and said nothing.
一个男人喝得酩酊大醉，摇摇摆摆地走进一座天主教堂，说没什么地坐在忏悔室中。
said nothing:说没什么
You believed that you had seen unmistakable documentary evidence proving that their confessions were false.
你以为你看到过无误的物证，可以证明他们的口供是假的。
unmistakable:无误
Gallandro is a notorious gunslinger that operated in and around Corporate Sector space.
加兰德罗是一个臭名昭著的持枪歹徒，专门在企业专区境内外活动。
notorious:臭名昭著
I had no resource, no friend, no confidant but my old governess.
我没有可以依赖的人，没有朋友，除了我的老保姆以外，没有一个可以不忠实的人。
no confidant:不忠实
She is a very considerate always patient and in fact in the merchant's confidante.
她不仅谨慎而且温柔耐心.事实上，她是是商人的知己。
considerate:谨慎
However, bankers called the technocratsbluff and proceeded to lend with gusto.
然而，银行业人士却认定高层不过在 technocrtsbluff，因而继续热情高涨地发放贷款。
technocratsbluff:technocrtsbluff
Tom took him to a private place and opened the matter to him confidentially.
汤姆把他拉到一个没人的地方，保密地和他摊了牌。
confidentially:保密
He walked into the shop and calmly (ie impudently and self - confidently) stole a pair of gloves.
他走进商店自我-自信地地偷了一副手套。
self - confidently:自我-自信地
What! Carelessly play billiards when your father is dying? It's fid while rome is burning.
什么! 你爹快要死了，你还在玩台球? 这才叫做“是的菲尔同时罗姆是燃烧依然醉生梦死”呐。
It's fid while rome is burning:是的菲尔同时罗姆是燃烧
What! Carelessly play billiards when your father is dying? It's fid while rome is burning.
什么! 你爹快要死了，你还在玩台球? 这才叫做“大难临头依然是的菲尔同时罗姆是燃烧”呐。
It's fid while rome is burning:是的菲尔同时罗姆是燃烧
Don't just sit by while the other children are all busy.
别的孩子都忙着，你不要闲着坐以。
sit by:坐以
I have a suspicion that the others didn't like Gwyneth, but they chose party line.
我怀疑其他人也不喜欢格温妮斯，但他们选择聚会线。
party line:聚会线
This time -- and the following night -- the wives fidgeted feebly, and tried to say something.
这一次 -- 还有次日晚上 -- 妻子们略微有点操纵很费力，她们都有话要说。
fidgeted feebly:操纵很费力
How could they do that except by outright confiscations and taxes even higher than Chiang's?
他们若不赤裸裸地搜刮民财，不进行比蒋介石还厉害的税收甚至高，能维持下去吗?
taxes even higher:税收甚至高
It is not surprising that such a view has led to very considerable conflict.
这样的一种观点引起很大的分歧是它是不令人惊讶的。
It is not surprising:它是不令人惊讶
If the newspapers get hold of this scandal, they'll really have a field day!
报纸如果能抓住这件丑闻，那可就有机会有田野一天了。
have a field day:有田野一天
First, the construction area and the saleable area of confusion substitution.
一是将建筑面积与实用面积混淆，混淆替代。
confusion substitution:混淆替代
The two accounts of what had happened conflicted with each other.
关于发生的事情，两个报道矛盾与每个其他。
conflicted with each other:矛盾与每个其他
But the most occurring mechanism to escape freedom is, being everywhere in vogue, conformism.
逃避自由最常见的方法是是到处在说谎，无时不地唯时尚是从。
being everywhere in vogue:是到处在说谎
Holmes thinks that snobbery is the biggest obstacle to improving sales. People undervalue salespeople.
霍姆斯认为，欺下谄上是妨碍销售额提高的最大的障碍，人们轻视销售人员。
biggest obstacle:最大的障碍
The fearful question confronts us: Have our problems got beyond our control?
我们为一个骇人的问题困扰着: 我们遇到的问题是否已有超越我们的控制?
got beyond our control:有超越我们的控制
Yet how can you reconcile this "refinement" with the defence of "Confucian Morals "?
“但是风雅的事又怎么能够同卫道的精神和解呢? ”
reconcile:和解
There are connection and difference between Taoists and Confucianists and Taoism and religion.
道家、儒家、道教和宗教虽然有着连接的联系，但又有着各自的界定与区别。
connection:连接
He stammered confusedly and took himself away, for the moment abstracted, serious, lost in thought.
他尖叫不知所措，结结巴巴的说了几句，就告辞去了，一时心情恍惚，一本正经，想得出神。
stammered confusedly:尖叫不知所措
Here cast product quality crop of good, breed is big, outstanding in congener product.
这里的铸造产品质量好、品种产量大，在同类产品中杰出。
outstanding:杰出
This is no doubt many Chinese scholars as a congenitally deficient.
这无疑是中国许多学人的一种先天性缺乏。
congenitally deficient:先天性缺乏
Only a person who is congenitally self - centered has the effrontery and the stamina to write essays.
只有生来以自我为中心的人才会海面、持之以恒地去写散文。
effrontery:海面
Only a person who is congenitally self - centered has the effrontery and the stamina to write essays.
只有生来以自我为中心的人才会厚颜无耻、耐力地去写散文。
stamina:耐力
There is a growing tendency of conglomeration along with the in - depth reformation and opening in China.
随着中国改革开放的不断深入，企业集团化发展生长倾向。
growing tendency:生长倾向
If Congo falls apart again, the humanitarian cost would be enormous.
如果刚果再次降落分开，那么为此付出的人道主义代价就太大了。
falls apart:降落分开
There are no pressure groups of any note that draw attention to the Congolese situation.
没任何抽水注意的压力组织重视刚果局势。
draw attention:抽水注意
She'd been there 30 years but was still a gadfly. I loved that.
尽管在那儿干了30多年，她与职工之间依然蝴蝶，有时也刺儿你一下，我就喜欢她的那种性格。
gadfly:蝴蝶
A new city has been set up in what was a wasteland fifteen years ago.
一座崭新的城市在五十年前还是一片荒芜的地方有是的设置高。
has been set up:有是的设置高
The 2006 figure made China the world's top non - ferrous metal manufacturer for a fifth consecutive year.
2006年的产量数字使中国连续五年成为全球顶部的有色金属生产商。
top:顶部
He gae up all thethe appearance of a distant sail raised his hope of rescue.
他绝望了，正在此时，他见到远方的帆影，有了升高他的希望的抢救的希望。
raised his hope of rescue:升高他的希望的抢救
Mr Aso's reputation has been shredded by a series of gaffes and policy flip - flops.
麻生的声望已被一系列的过失和翻转-浮动的政策消磨殆尽。
flip - flops:翻转-浮动
It was a strange conjunction—the prim serious young Queen and the elderly, cynical Whig.
那是奇特的组合——古板严肃的年轻女王和上了年纪、冷酷威格的维新党成员相组合。
cynical Whig:冷酷威格
But, if thou wear this form through mere passing conjuration, then resume thy former aspect!
但若你这形象只是来自转瞬即逝的魔法，那就恢复你的以前的视角吧!
former aspect:以前的视角
One morning I happened to turn over the salt - cellar at breakfast.
一天早晨在饭桌上，我发生到把盐罐打翻了。
happened to:发生到
You walk down the salt - covered, sun - drenched beach, step in, and finally get your chance.
走在覆盖着盐粒、饱受日晒的沙滩上，向海里走去，你终于最后获得你的机会。
finally get your chance:最后获得你的机会
Old Wang revealed the truth, and took off Xiaoli's last fig leaf.
老王说出真相，揭开了小李最后的fig叶子。
fig leaf:fig叶子
Their new constitution was a fig leaf to conceal their betrayal of the masses.
他们的新宪法是一块fig叶子，用以掩盖他们对大众的背叛。
fig leaf:fig叶子
The many brothers had a life - and - death fight in contending for the place of chieftain.
他们兄弟几个为争狼主之位有生命-及-死亡战斗。
had a life - and - death fight:有生命-及-死亡战斗
My cat and dog never fight they live together in perfect harmony.
我的猫和狗从来不打架，它们在一起在完美和谐。
in perfect harmony:在完美和谐
It was a close fight that would have gone either way.
这场打斗接近战斗，双方都有可能赢。
a close fight:接近战斗
They had an awful fight that resulted in black eyes, torn clothes and split heads.
他们有一个可怕战斗，结果眼青鼻肿，衣服撕破了，头也开花了。
had an awful fight:有一个可怕战斗
However, the facts a done deal, Gaillard that UEFA will not change the penalty decision.
可是，是的事实已完成交易的事实已摆在眼前，盖拉德认为欧足联不会更改处罚决定。
the facts a done deal:是的事实已完成交易
Kay said in a shocked voice, "Connie, you're upset, don't say such things."
恺用震惊的声音说: “康妮，你给气昏了，别说那样的话。
shocked:震惊
At the summit the stamina and valour of our fighter pilots remained unconquerable and supreme.
最突出的是，我们的战斗机驾驶员们始终保持着不可征服的最大的毅力和勇气。
unconquerable:不可征服
A good dictionary will give us the connotation of a word as well as its denotation.
一本好字典不仅要告诉我们一个字的字面意义，同时还要告诉我们该字的表示。
denotation:表示
The old man begged his son to settle down and obey his professors.
这位老人便恳切地劝说儿子，要定居倒下，听从教授的劝告。
settle down:定居倒下
If a person could add up, take away, multiply and divide, he could do everything else.
如果一个人会加、减、乘、除，那么，其它一切事情都可以可以做。
could do:可以做
Until I became president, Henry Ford had always been a pretty remote figure.
我当上总裁之前，亨利?福特对我说来一直是一个遥远的人物。
remote:遥远
She became a 21 cult figure and showed up in unlikely places.
她是人们崇拜的人物，并且常出现在意想不到的地方。
cult:崇拜
They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity.
但是，他们对这种正义的、血肉之亲的呼吁有是的聋人。
have been deaf:有是的聋人
"Here I stand with a safe conscience," the accused said, "because I know I am innocent."
“站在这里，我与安全良心，” 被告说，“ 因为我知道我是清白的. ”
with a safe conscience:与安全良心
He is not a majestic personal figure like Roosevelt. and he doesn't inspire fear like Johnson.
他并不像罗斯福那样是一个代表威严人物. 而且也不像约翰逊那样叫人恐惧。
fear:恐惧
We should examine our consciences about all of our dealings with China.
我们应检查我们的良心跟中国的一切来往。
examine our consciences:检查我们的良心
Only has the conscientiousness, diligently works, can make a more splendid result!
只有良心，努力工作，才能做出更出色的成绩!
conscientiousness:良心
The figures in the pedestrian street are in thousands of postures, which is very interesting.
步行街上的人物雕像在数千的姿态，很有意思。
in thousands of postures:在数千的姿态
The military service system provides the conscription activities with regulations to follow.
兵役制使我国的征兵行为与规例到跟进了。
with regulations to follow:与规例到跟进
This is simply a warning message to other theme authors who want try the same stunt.
本提示旨在警告其他试图谁希望试是的同样的滑稽的主题作者。
who want try the same stunt:谁希望试是的同样的滑稽
Henry is spieling about the same old story - his innovation in techniques.
亨利在探险地唱老调 -- 大谈他对工艺上的革新。
spieling:探险
After a day of gale force winds and driving rain I was soaking.
在一天的暴风雨强迫风后，我已经成了落汤鸡。
gale force winds:暴风雨强迫风
After a day of gale force winds and driving rain I was soaking.
在一天的狂风暴雨后，我已经成了是吸入。
was soaking:是吸入
The absent - minded studento consents to nhe sentence in the presmence of me.
缺席-有心的学生在我面前同意这份判决。
absent - minded:缺席-有心
One is not encapsulated, leading to unwanted consequences and the other is encapsulated, preventing strange results.
一个是不封装的，导致了不希望的的结果，另一个是封装的，能防止类似的奇怪的结果发生。
unwanted:不希望的
The military coup brought dire consequences in its train, ie as a result of it.
这次军事政变可怕后果。
dire consequences:可怕后果
His consequent distortion of the arrangements disturbed the German Naval Staff.
他后来对各项布置的胡乱更动，使德国海军参谋部令人不安。
disturbed:令人不安
Welcome Chinese and foreign guest incoming sample making to order, the order wholeheartedly.
欢迎广大客户、中外来宾来样定做、订购!
Welcome:欢迎
The plaintiff was an inexperienced investor who had wished to invest conservatively.
原告人是一名无经验的的投资者，希望进行稳健投资。
inexperienced:无经验的
They were filled to overflowing with joy at the good news.
他们真的都对这好消息充满了与喜悦不已。
with joy:与喜悦
The audience was so large that the spacious hall was filled to the capacity.
当时听众非常多，将偌大的会场挤了个是填充到是的能力。
was filled to the capacity:是填充到是的能力
Considering the signs he showed of genuine repentance, we shall deal leniently with him.
鉴于他有真诚悔改的表现，我们将对他交易宽容地。
deal leniently:交易宽容地
Iran had worked hard to widen the opposition to sanctions, but Mr Ahmadinejad seemed untroubled.
伊朗政府努力争取反对制裁的国家，但是艾哈迈迪-内贾德似乎并似乎无忧无虑。
seemed untroubled:似乎无忧无虑
Sorrow makes us go slower and more considerately, and introspect our motives and dispositions.
忧愁使我们想得更周到，去慢一点，以及深深体察我们的动机和目标。
go slower:去慢一点
Though Verrazano is by no means considered to be a great explorer, his name will probably remain immortal, for
虽然维拉扎诺不能被认为是一位伟大的探险家，但他的名字将有可能留下伊姆莫塔，因为在1964年11月
remain immorta:留下伊姆莫塔
Culture: The cultural, journalism, publishing, broadcasting, film and television undertakings developed vigorously.
文化: 文化、新闻、出版和广播电影电视事业发展精力充沛。
developed vigorously:发展精力充沛
Frozen plant of company many invest in, attract consignor thick as hail.
公司大量投资于冷冻设备，吸引货主发货人厚如暴风雨。
consignor thick as hail:发货人厚如暴风雨
There's sand between my toes and cool, water all around us.
(冲浪时)脚指夹着沙，凉爽的海水围绕着我们。
cool:凉爽
At times he repeated lines to himself and this consoled him.
有时他独自吟诵几节， consoled他。
consoled him:consoled他
Crime in full glory consolidates authority by the sacred fear it inspires.
在完全光荣的罪行通过激发神圣的恐惧来巩固权威。
in full glory:在完全光荣
Building and consolidating national defense independently and through self - reliance.
独立地、自力更生地建设和巩固国防。
independently:独立地
"Well," the old man remarked consolingly, "every bullet has its billet."
老人抚慰道: “得了，每子弹有它的票据呀. ”
every bullet has its billet:每子弹有它的票据
Whether Consols were going up or not, London had become a terrific property.
不管公债要涨价与否，伦敦总之已变成一块惊人的产业了!
terrific:惊人
The investment environment in Zhuhai is improving daily, providing broad areas for investment by international consortia.
珠海投资环境改善每日，为国际财团投资提供了广阔的空间。
improving daily:改善每日
Father is annoyed that his daughter consorts with all kinds of strange people.
女儿与各种奇怪的人厮混在一起，父亲很是恼火。
strange:奇怪
Man cuts trees at random, finally causing a deplorable consequence --- the sand storm.
人类剪切树木在随机，终于酿成了沙尘暴这杯苦酒!
cuts trees at random:剪切树木在随机
This is a truly incredible addition for the camera collector or film student alike.
这是相机收藏家或电影的学生都真正令人不可思议的补充。
incredible:不可思议
But the suit is yet another sign that mad, conspicuous consumption is creeping back.
不过，这款西装再次显示了疯狂、明显的消费又悄然回来了。
conspicuous:明显
Zhongzhi can into the city, sand - to - tower, we obliged.
众志才能成城，聚沙才能成塔，我们有义务。
obliged:有义务
Yet, in real life, circumstances do sometimes conspire to bring about coincidences which anyone but a nineteenth century novelist would find...
然而在实际生活中，有些事情有时候的确好象阴谋一样地促成了一些除了十九世纪小说家外谁也不会相信的巧合。
conspire:阴谋
Those who plot and conspire will certainly come to no good end.
搞 plot及阴谋的人绝不会有好下场。
plot and conspire:plot及阴谋
By the time the town constabulary had been roused, Feliks had melted away.
等镇上的警察动员起来，费利克斯已经有融化离开了。
had melted away:有融化离开
Constance: Could you imagine someone being hanged because of something I said.
你能否想象有人会因为我说的话而是悬挂吗?
being hanged:是悬挂
A hockey game, the game screen titles very exciting, very bold.
一款冰球游戏，该游戏的片头画面非常非常令人兴奋，非常有魄力。
very exciting:非常令人兴奋
He was determined to win the game by fair means or foul.
他决心以公平表示或恶意地获得比赛的胜利。
by fair means or foul:以公平表示或恶意
When he saw the mountain torrents rushing down with a devastating force, he was consternated.
看到山洪急促倒下与毁灭性强迫时，他惊慌失色。
rushing down with a devastating force:急促倒下与毁灭性强迫
When he saw the mountain torrents rushing down with a devastating force, he was consternated.
看到山洪来势凶猛时，他惊恐。
consternated:惊恐
I will only say that it is what costs that constitutes value.
我只要说，费用那构成价值才成为价值。
costs that constitutes value:费用那构成价值
The stunning environments, weapons and explosions will make players enjoy gameplay.
令人惊奇的环境，武器和爆炸将玩家享受的游戏。
stunning:令人惊奇
His constitutionally grounded discourse fell on deaf ears, according to him.
根据他所说的，他用宪政理论分析的这个问题被国会掉落上聋人耳朵。
fell on deaf ears:掉落上聋人耳朵
Rapid development of highway constract needs corresponding improvement of pavement bearing capacity evaluation technique and theory.
公路事业的快速发展对相应的路面承载能力评价手段和方法提出了更高的要求。
bearing capacity:承载能力
It might pour with rain on Cup Final day, God forbid.
锦标赛决赛的那天，天可能会下它可能注水与雨，但愿上帝不让这样的事情发生。
It might pour with rain:它可能注水与雨
On the final day of the book exhibition we left, bidding our neighbour a fond farewell.
在书展最后一天我们要走时，我们喜欢告别地跟邻摊的人告别。
a fond farewell:喜欢告别
Thousands were killed in the final days of fighting and up to 300,000 were displaced.
上千人在最后的战争中丧命，有300，000的人是流离失所。
were displaced:是流离失所
Hiring constrcution people, labour working, need to be harding working, immigrant or citizen preferred.
招聘装修杂工，要能够劳工工作，移民或者公民。
labour working:劳工工作
He went off the deep end after losing the final game.
输掉决赛后，他去了取消。
went off:去了取消
I have loved you and love you all the more in this final moment.
我深深地爱着你，是的是的更多，我对你的爱也越来越深，即使到了生命的最后一刻。
ll the more:是的是的更多
The horse looked sort of pooped out in the final stretch.
在最后冲刺阶段，那匹马看上去已经出去在是的最后拉伸了。
pooped out in the final stretch:出去在是的最后拉伸
Consequently, gamma rays will reach a particular target on the ground from many directions.
这样，γ射线必将从从许多方向射达某一指定的地面目标。
from many directions:从许多方向
With sustained economic growth, strengthening construction - in - process financial control has become a top priority.
在经济持续高速增长的情况下，加强在建工程财务控制已成为有成为顶部优先级。
has become a top priority:有成为顶部优先级
No finance company would carry a contract with payments that small, so we ignored her postcards.
没有一家信贷公司会接受每期付款额如此之小的合同，所以我们对老妇人寄来的明信片忽略。
ignored:忽略
At the background of financial capital globalization, Capital account liberalization is an unconvertible trend.
在当今金融全球化的背景下，资本帐户开放将是不可逆转的趋势。
unconvertible:不可逆转
The former point is self - evident, while the latter has been demonstrated by the recent financial collapse.
前一点自我-明显，而最近发生的金融崩溃则为后者提供了证明。
self - evident:自我-明显
Therefore, developing financial derivative deal and expanding financial derivative market are urgent.
因此，开展金融衍生产品交易，发展我国金融衍生产品市场已经紧急。
urgent:紧急
More recently, financial innovations were peddled a tale of decreased risk through financial engineering.
更新的例证是，通过金融工程能够降低风险的神话，令金融创新风险通过。
risk through:风险通过
Hong Kong's financial industries are well developed, is a remarkable financial markets.
香港的金融业很发达，是一个令人瞩目的的金融市场。
remarkable:令人瞩目的
It feared that sensitive financial information could fall into the wrong hands.
该银行担心，敏感的财务信息可能落入错误手中。
wrong:错误
We are proposing the most ambitious overhaul of the financial regulatory system since the Great Depression.
我们正在计划自大萧条以来最有野心的的金融监管体系审查。
ambitious:野心的
At this dark and hopeless moment an inspiration burst upon him!
正在这灰心绝望的时刻，他忽然灵感爆炸，计上心来。
inspiration burst:灵感爆炸
It is particularly encouraging as regards consumer protection and public health.
关于消费者保护和公共安全方面尤其鼓励。
encouraging:鼓励
But he had to pull himself together and attend to business.
可是他不能不拉自己一起招呼生意。
pull himself together:拉自己一起
If you don't like your work, why don't you pack your bags and find another job?
要是你不喜欢你的工作，为什么不离开这儿，找到另一个工作?
find another job:找到另一个工作
For all their heavy debts, American consumers have returned to the shops.
尽管依旧重债务，美国消费者已重出购物。
heavy debts:重债务
Enlarges the investment, consummates the disposition, as circumstances permit, to raise the experimental material.
加大投入、完善配置，情况准许，培养实验材料。
circumstances permit:情况准许
They gape when more are opened, exhibit profound depression of spirits, and are clearly knocked up.
打开的门越来越多了，他们张着嘴在那儿呆呆地看着现出沮丧的精神和疲惫不堪的样子。
depression of spirits:沮丧的精神
Without radio and satellite positioning system, how could these vessels keep step and cross oceans?
没有无线电和卫星定位系统，这么多艘船又如何能够保持步的穿越大洋。
keep step:保持步
This figure is fine detail or to express feelings or show authentic customs.
这现细节或表达人物的细腻感情，或展现原汁原味的海关。
customs:海关
Whenever on duty, ensure the dispatcher's contact phone available anytime and anywhere 24 hours day.
值班时无论身处何地必须确保调度的电话一天24小时都要保持可用的状态。
available:可用
Fine glass - Bead slippers, wonderful in shape, make your steps graceful.
精巧珠拖鞋，美妙独特，令您做你的步骤优雅。
make your steps graceful:做你的步骤优雅
Gong Li has been called China's answer to Greta Garbo, and for good reason.
巩俐被称作中国的葛丽泰?嘉宝是为好的理由。的。
for good reason.:为好的理由。
The demand for free elections in that country could no longer be contained.
在那个国家，要求自由选举的浪潮已不更长是包含。
no longer be contained:不更长是包含
There is something to both fears. But inflation is distant and containable, while deflation and pernicious.
两人的忧虑都有各自的某些理由. 不过，通膨为时尚远，也易操控; 而通缩则遥远及可包含的，为害尤烈。
distant and containable:遥远及可包含的
Clowns and other characters who satirize contemporary life are especially eye - catching among the crowd.
参加游行的人们，身着艳丽、奢华的古老服饰，嘲讽现代人生活的小丑和其他形象在队伍中尤其眼睛-捕鱼。
eye - catching:眼睛-捕鱼
According to technique of used writing, it uses ancient things to satirize the present reality.
从使用的笔法来看，它打架是的现在现实、干预现实。
satirize the present reality:打架是的现在现实
This idiom satirizes those who instead of taking changed circumstances account.
“采纳改变了情况帐户”这个成语讽刺那些办事迂腐，不知道变通情况的人。
taking changed circumstances account:采纳改变了情况帐户
Chinese officials have ordered all - out effort to save babies made ill by contaminated milk products.
中国政府发出命令，所有-出去努力医治因服用受污染的奶制品而生病的婴儿。
all - out effort:所有-出去努力
In the numerous legend that concerns him, have such conte of a afford for thought.
在有关他的众多传奇中，有这样一则为思索的小故事。
for thought:为思索
It was a garden - variety slump - lived and leaving few lasting scars.
那是一次普通的衰退 —— 但是，对于那些经历过的人来说是痛苦的，不过它只是倒塌-活下来及离开很少持久的，仅留下了几个持续性的伤疤。
slump - lived and leaving few lasting:倒塌-活下来及离开很少持久的
Lin Fei is disheartened over her terminal disease and contemplates suicide.
林菲身患绝症，沮丧，竟萌起自杀念头。
disheartened:沮丧
All that afternoon he wore dreamy, contemplative appearance which in him was a mask of perplexity.
那天整个下午他都有着一幅梦幻，心事重重的神色，这表明他对这一切迷惑不解。
dreamy:梦幻
All that afternoon he wore dreamy, contemplative appearance which in him was a mask of perplexity.
那天整个下午他都有着一幅如痴如梦，沉思的神色，这表明他对这一切迷惑不解。
contemplative:沉思
He isolated himself till the space he filled in the public eye was contemptibly small.
他独来独往，至使他的存在在大伙儿的眼里变得轻蔑地小。
contemptibly small:轻蔑地小
As Berlin should have learnt, however, there comes a point when finger - wagging becomes self - defeating.
但是，柏林方面原本应该认识到，事情发展到一定程度，指责只会自我-打败。
self - defeating:自我-打败
They must look queer in their garish frames on the walls of the peasant's house.
它们镶着很讲究的金框子，挂在一家村舍的墙上是多么奇怪呀。
queer:奇怪
Huck's face lost its tranquil content, and took a melancholy cast.
哈克脸上平静内容的神情消失了，马上呈现出一脸的愁相。
tranquil content:平静内容
Huck's face lost its tranquil content, and took a melancholy cast.
哈克脸上悠然自得的神情消失了，马上呈现出一脸的悲伤铸造。
melancholy cast:悲伤铸造
They are content and the habits of marriage lap about them like a warm bath.
他们内容，每天就象温泉浴似的，享受着这份伉俪之乐。
content:内容
As he expected, some people who picked flowers for making garlands were returning from work.
阿斯他预料，一些采摘鲜花做花环的手艺人正收工回家。
As he expected:阿斯他预料
Taipei has found its place in the world because of these fingernail - sized chips.
因为这些指甲般大小的芯片，台北已在世界上找到找到它的地点。
found its place:找到它的地点
The scandal was hushed up in an effort to save face.
为了不丢人，没有把这一丑闻是悄悄地高。
was hushed up:是悄悄地高
I received a nasty surprise in the shape of a letter from the taxman.
我收到税务局的来信，把我吓得恶毒惊奇。
a nasty surprise:恶毒惊奇
Whenever he returns to this place he is happy and contented.
每次回到这个地方，他都十分快乐，满意。
contented:满意
They were going contentedly about their work, while he was idling about the streets.
他们都满意地的混着，而他没有一点营生，在大街上闲晃。
contentedly:满意地
C. There is always a smile of contentment on her face.
她脸上总是挂着满意的微笑。
contentment:满意
Should he persevere, though, he can become a legend among his Garou kin.
如果他坚持，那么他将成为传奇人物。
persevere:坚持
You should now try to save what you can from the wreck.
现在你应尽量设法保存什么?你可以从是的雷克。
save what you can from the wrec:保存什么?你可以从是的雷克
These two contestations supplement each other, and they are the way to build our native modernity.
这两个主张是中国生成本土现代性的补充每个其他的进路。
supplement each other:补充每个其他
We debated whether our days as contesters were coming to an end.
我们辩论地讨论着我们这些参赛者的日子会有结束的一天。
debate:辩论
This is unfortunate, but there is no good alternative for contiguous selection.
这是不幸的，但对于连续选择又没有其他好的替代方法。
unfortunate:不幸
Unlike his predecessor, Jacques Chirac, he was not naturally drawn to the continent or its culture.
不像其前任雅克·希拉克那样，他并非自然地被非洲大陆或其文化所吸引。
naturally:自然
She does the job adequately but she's not going to set the world on fire!
她工作做得不错，但也不会有什么设置是的世界上火焰!
set the world on fire:设置是的世界上火焰
The idea that continents broke and drift apart is known as the hypothesis of continental drift.
认为大陆曾经分裂并漂离的想法叫大陆性漂流假说。
continental drift:大陆性漂流
Focus on product development, continually updated, expanded technology, innovation in the industry maintain the lead.
注重产品开发，不断更新、不断扩大技术力量，创新，维持在该行业的领先优势。
innovation:创新
You will enjoy the fun of horse grassland, fire dancing show.
你会享受草原纵马的乐趣，篝火晚会的跳舞。
dancing:跳舞
I saw Blade Dancers training the other day. Such a wonderful sight!
我那天看了剑舞者的训练，真令人美妙视力!
a wonderful sight:美妙视力
Unfortunately, no questions from the audience broke the continuity of his harangue.
令人遗憾的是，没有听众提出问题来打断他的他的哈兰格。
his harangue:他的哈兰格
There exists an continuous cycle among those producers, consumers and decomposers.
生产者、消费者、分解者之间连续循环的不断循环着。
continuous cycle:连续循环
Evidently they had just dragged it from a hole on the left side of the fire - place.
显然，他们刚把它从壁炉左边的一个洞里拖出来。
Evidently:显然
Cecil can be very rude in private, though in public he is usually polite.
塞西尔在在公众中通常很有礼貌，但私下里很粗鲁。
in public:在公众
The landlady seemed to have more to say, but he bounded up the stairs.
房东太太像还有话说，他有界高逃上楼。
bounded up:有界高
I must say, my lord, you take our situation very coolly. Very coolly indeed.
爵爷，你对于咱们的处境倒是冷静的，我要说，太不在乎啦。
coolly:冷静
Jon kept his face a mask. "As you say, my lady."
琼恩克制着保留他的面孔面具. “如你所言，夫人. ”
kept his face a mask:保留他的面孔面具
He was gasping when they pulled him out of the water.
人们把他从水中捞出来时他只有喘息了。
gasping:喘息
There was no more of the dreadful breathing, no more shortting gasps.
急促的呼吸没有了，短缩喘息的声音也没有了。
shortting gasps:短缩喘息
Lu Tzu - hsiao kept his gaze fixed on Miss Sun and breathed in short gasps.
陆子潇保留他的凝视固定地看孙小姐，呼吸短促。
kept his gaze fixed:保留他的凝视固定
Their actions lack consistency; they say one thing and do another.
他们行动缺乏一致性，说的是一回事，做的又是另一回事。
actions lack consistency:行动缺乏一致性
I took a long time to get home because everyone was gassing in the shop.
我花了很长时间才回家，因为大家都在店里吸气。
gassing:吸气
This should go without saying, but I'll include it within this point, absolutely do not plagiarize.
有一点去没有说，但是我还是要在这里说一下:那就是，绝对不要剽窃。
go without saying:去没有说
Such parents vacillate between saying no and giving in — but neither response seems satisfactory to them.
这类家长摇摆，对孩子们的无理要求，不知道是该回绝还是该满足，觉得这两者都不理想。
vacillate:摇摆
That goes without saying. It must be terrible over there. "
那还用说，目睹那种情景肯定令人感到可怕. ”
terrible:可怕
I can't think why they left without saying good - bye.
我不明白他们为什么左没有说好的-再见。
left without saying good - bye:左没有说好的-再见
He doesn't think of what he is saying and often puts his foot in his mouth.
他说话不考虑，常常放他的脚在他的口。
puts his foot in his mouth:放他的脚在他的口
Many are intimidated by terms such as RAM and gigabits, Perry said.
佩里说，许多人对诸如RAM和千兆位之类的术语恐吓。
intimidated:恐吓
Mr Cameron's capacity to win headlines by saying something surprising or counter - intuitive has already faded.
卡梅伦能够当上保守党的领袖，是因为他总是说某事令人惊讶或者行事违反常规，作风复古却效果甚佳。
saying something surprising:说某事令人惊讶
Many in the recruiting industry also take issue with the brazen approach to headhunting.
猎头行业的很多人也反对这种傲慢的猎头手法。
brazen:傲慢
The flat tall and slender head lamp headlamp is glowering likely.
扁平细长的大灯像在闪烁。
glowering:闪烁
It'stood upright upon the figure of a prostrate and headless giant.
站立直立在一个趴着的无头怪物身上。
stood upright:站立直立
Complicated negotiations may take the form of a long series of counter - offers.
复杂的谈判可能以一连串的反要约形式出现。
Complicated:复杂
To analyze this Phenomenon and forward the counter - plan by particular theories has become an urgent matter.
依据特定的理论对这一现象进行解读并提出相应的对策就成为成为一个紧急物质。
become an urgent matter:成为一个紧急物质
Each headliner in their own right, this is a lineup never seen before in the capital.
每位音乐家都在各自的领域大放异彩，这也是北京永远已见之前的阵容!
never seen before:永远已见之前
It's counter - productive to be too tough: it just makes the staff resentful.
过于严厉则是的计数器，使全体工作人员愤愤不平。
It's counter:是的计数器
It's counter - productive to be too tough: it just makes the staff resentful.
过于严厉则适得其反，使全体工作人员愤怒。
resentful:愤怒
Swapping a healthy lifestyle for half a glass of wine a day would be counter - productive.
以健康的生活方式换取每天半杯葡萄酒可能会会是计数器。
would be counter:会是计数器
He was haunted by the headlines and the face of a child.
他是被追踪报纸的大标题和一个小孩子的脸。
was haunted:是被追踪
Manchu hairstyle and headwear are unique, especially Manchu females'headwear and magnificent, natural and graceful.
满族发式头饰独具特色，特别是满族女子的头饰，雍容华贵，优雅。
graceful:优雅
And the Atlantic headwinds were roaring their icy throats out at other scared men.
大西洋上的狂风怒号，向着那另一些害怕的人们发出一声声冷酷无情的咆哮。
scared:害怕
Life balanced out in strange ways, Rhoda thought; the heady situation was making her philosophical.
罗达想，生活以奇特的方式取得了平衡. 这个让人高傲的情势正在使她变得达观起来。
heady:高傲
The minister countered his critics with a strong speech defending his policies.
这位部长与坚固口语为其政策辩护，反驳批评他的人。
with a strong speech:与坚固口语
Strictly strike those illegal and fraud activities, and the production and distribution of counterfeited food products.
依法严格抢劫各种质量违法和欺诈行为，严格打击食品制假售假等违法行为。
Strictly strik:严格抢劫
But, to the great disappointment of everybody, she failed the second test.
而复试时却使人是的伟大的失望。
the great disappointment:是的伟大的失望
This is a story about military and tactics, with some counterintuitive twists and turns.
这是一个关于军队军事及战术的故事，包含跌宕与起伏。
military and tactics:军事及战术
The inequity in health care policy and medical practice mainly involves vulnerable groups.
我国医疗保健服务中受到不公平对待的主要是易受伤害团体，这种不公平有来自政策层面的，也有来自各种医疗保健服务实践环节的。
vulnerable groups:易受伤害团体
Health clubs come into bud throughout the nation, and many people sigh up for lifetime memberships.
健康俱乐部如来吧进入芽遍布全国，许多人都注册成为终生会员。
come into bud:来吧进入芽
Their modern counterparts lavish huge sums on groups that support them.
他们在现代版却为支持他们的团体奢侈巨大的数额。
lavish huge sums:奢侈巨大的数额
There was a fire, and five years of research work went west.
失了一场火，五年的研究工作去了西。
went west:去了西
It is obviously counterproductive to treat workers like idiots to protect against those few who are.
为防范少数几个人，把所有的工作人员都当做白痴，这显然反对。
against:反对
Counterproductive, however, forcibly imposed Rui even death, the family into chaos.
然而反生产性，曾芮竟然以死相逼，家里陷入混乱。
Counterproductive:反生产性
Health and education are indeed the most prominent accomplishments most Cubans say they take pride in.
医疗及教育确实是大多数古巴人所接受骄傲在的显著成就。
take pride in:接受骄傲在
Winning the hearts and minds of the population, then, matters less in counterterrorism.
赢得胜利是的心及思想的是的人口，在反恐方面效果不是那么明显。
Winning the hearts and minds of the population:胜利是的心及思想的是的人口
The youngest among the women workers was as dull and colourless as the middle - aged.
最年轻的女工也同中年妇女一样沉闷，形容枯槁。
dull:沉闷
The youngest among the women workers was as dull and colourless as the middle - aged.
最年轻的女工也同中年妇女一样郁郁寡欢，无色。
colourless:无色
He glanced behind them, toward the lake's southern shore, where a second city rose.
他将目光投向远方，在那湖的南岸，玫瑰另外一座城市。
rose:玫瑰
Let me wish my second cousin and his bride every joy and the best of everything.
让我祈祷我的堂弟和他美丽的新娘开心快乐，是的最好的的一切!
the best of everything:是的最好的的一切
His fame was blazed abroad by the country's newspapers and television.
通过国内报纸和电视的宣传，他名声是闪烁了。
fame was blazed:名声是闪烁
However, the daily busy life and let you a blind eye to these health warning out?
然而，每天忙碌的生活是否让你对这些健康警报失明眼睛到了呢?
a blind eye to:失明眼睛到
The struggle in this regard, open and secret, between the two countries has never ceased for a minute.
这两个国家在这一方面的打开及秘密，一刻也没有停止过。
open and secret:打开及秘密
I am crossed gingerlily shed the brook with glacial classics, in jumping into crevasse next.
我杏仁地穿过流经冰河的小溪，然后跳进冰隙中。
gingerlily:杏仁
He walked awkwardly and gingerly around outside his hut without the crutches.
他没有拄双拐，笨拙地、小心翼翼地地在木屋外面走了一圈。
gingerly:小心翼翼地
Her criticizers dismiss her as a country bumpkin with rough features only Westerners could appreciate.
批评她的人对其解雇，觉得她是个让人不爽的乡巴佬，只有老外才会喜欢。
dismiss:解雇
Composite deck welcome wholesale dealers all over country come to my market.
桥面综合批发市场欢迎全国各地经销商来我市场。
welcome:欢迎
Can Bear hardships and hard work, healthly and strong, could adapt aloft operation outdoors.
熊困难，身体健硕，适应户外高空操作设备。
Bear hardships:熊困难
The music struck up, and the glorious country - dance, best of all dances, began.
乐声起来了，一场光荣的乡间舞开始，这是世界上所有跳舞里边最好的一场跳舞。
glorious:光荣
The healthy appearance of the children is eloquent of the wealth of the nation.
孩子们健康的外表充分表明了该国的富足。
appearance:外表
He is the second man of dying an unnatural death so.
他是第二个这样死亡一个不自然死亡的人。
dying an unnatural death:死亡一个不自然死亡
Active and healthy, mind stretch, thinking, active, well - informed, comprehensive ability of students has become primitive features.
活泼健康、心灵舒展、思维活跃、好的-知情、综合能力强已成为了本原学子的特征。
well - informed:好的-知情
He's in his second childhood, playing with his grandson's toy trains.
他秒童年，玩儿他孙子的玩具火车。
second childhood:秒童年
After three year's hard work, Mr White has heaped up riches.
经过3年的很困难工作，怀特先生已经积累了大笔财富。
hard work:很困难工作
He didn't know whether to laugh or cry when he heard these words.
听了这话，他真有笑或哭泣之感。
laugh or cry:笑或哭泣
Intonation and stress habits are incredibly ingrained and second - nature.
汉语的语调和重读习惯简直令人难以置信地根深蒂固，习惯成自然。
incredibly:令人难以置信
Intonation and stress habits are incredibly ingrained and second - nature.
汉语的语调和重读习惯简直不可思议地内在的，习惯成自然。
ingrained:内在的
He collected rumors and treasured gossip. He believed all the news he heard and.
他极爱搜集遥言传闻，十分喜欢闲话，不管听到什么新闻，他都信以为真，但又却拿着不当回事。
gossip:闲话
He collected rumors and treasured gossip. He believed all the news he heard and.
他极爱搜集遥言传闻，十分喜欢流言蜚语，不管听到什么新闻，他都相信，但又却拿着不当回事。
believed:相信
Everything you say and do represents the image of our country, so you should pay attention.
你一切都代表着国家形象，所以一定要注意。
Everything:一切
It is possible today to have hearing aids which help greatly in overcoming loss of hearing.
现在已能使用助听器，这对于克服听觉损伤帮助非常。
help greatly:帮助非常
Also the permissible exposure level can vary from country to country.
并且每个国家允许的噪音暴露水平都变。
vary:变
Year, month, day, hour, minute, second, week, temperature, festive with screen display at a glance.
年、月、日、时、分、秒、星期、温度、节日同屏显示，显示在看一眼。
display at a glance:显示在看一眼
You know a heart of gold won't take you all the way.
你要知道一颗善良的心不会一直庇佑为你接受你所有是的路面。
take you all the way:接受你所有是的路面
In her heart of hearts, where the love should have burned, there was a blank.
在她心的心，应该燃烧起爱情的地方却是一片空白。
heart of hearts:心的心
In my heart of hearts, I feel you are the one.
在我心的心，你是唯一的。
heart of hearts:心的心
But, also has a place in mine heart of hearts to be chilly.
但，在我的心的心也有一个地方冷飕飕的。
heart of hearts:心的心
About before, does not want to destroy these recollections, hides it in the heart of hearts!
关于以前，不想去破坏那些回忆，把它藏在心的心!
heart of hearts:心的心
Feelto take your gissa - job brochure, your equine miserable face anywhere daft to employ you.
别拘束，拿上你的‘给我个工作’宣传册、抱上恋马情结、带上悲惨面孔，去蠢到会雇你的什么地方吧。
miserable face:悲惨面孔
Once he's set his heart on a thing, he won't rest till he gets it.
一旦他决心要一样东西，他是不达目的不会的休息。
won't rest:不会的休息
He often goes into the masses and has a heart - to - heart talk with the workers.
他经常深入群众，和工人们有心-到-心说话。
has a heart - to - heart talk:有心-到-心说话
He wanted to have a "heart to heart" talk with this youth.
他想跟这个年轻人 “心到心 ” 地谈一谈。
"heart to heart":心到心
She was proud of her love and not afraid to wear her heart on her sleeve.
她为她的爱情而骄傲，并不去隐瞒它。
proud:骄傲
County - wide economic and socioeconomic overall strength among the best in the province at the county level.
全县经济和社会经济综合实力在全省县一级是的最好的。
the best:是的最好的
Ventricular fibrillation is a severely abnormal heart rhythm (arrhythmia) that can be life - threatening.
心室颤动是一种可致命的重度心律异常 (异常心节奏 )。
abnormal heart rhythm:异常心节奏
After their three plates were empty Aaron kept looking around for seconds.
三个盘子里的食物被空后，亚伦环视四周片刻。
empty:空
Make it quick, but don't talk too fast - try not to message over 60 seconds long.
留言要做它快速，但是别说太快 - 留言长度不要超过60秒。
Make it quick:做它快速
They immediately undertook the heart - stirring battle to prevent the landslide.
他们立即展开了一场心-搅动的防止塌方的战斗。
heart - stirring:心-搅动
The prisoner tugged at the chains; This movie tugs at the heart strings.
这名罪犯拖拉着脚镣; 这部电影拖拉机在是的心弦。
tugs at the heart strings:拖拉机在是的心弦
The gentlemen, in their white suits, stood around talking quietly for hours.
绅士们身着白色礼服，静静地地好几个小时围在一起聊天。
quietly:静静地
You should be in a placid mood and have a heart - to - heart talk with her.
你应该心-到-心的好好和她谈谈心。
heart - to - heart:心-到-心
You should be in a placid mood and have a heart - to - heart talk with her.
你应该心平气和的好好和她有心-到-心说话。
have a heart - to - heart talk:有心-到-心说话
Let us heart to heart, hand in hand to create success!
让我们心到心，手拉手，共创成功!
heart to heart:心到心
Melissa's mother blurted out the truth in 1996 during a heart - to - heart chat.
1996年，她母亲在一次心-到-心的谈话中对她说出了真相。
heart - to - heart:心-到-心
The joys of parents are secret; and so are their grieves and fears.
父母的欢欣是秘密的，他们的忧愁和畏惧也同样如此。
secret:秘密
It's pointless trying to keep your friendship secret it's common knowledge already.
你们无谓将友情保密--其实已是的普通知识了。
it's common knowledge:是的普通知识
These often involve heart - touching tales that involve a Christmas miracle.
这通常是包括了心-触摸的故事，笼罩在一个圣诞神话中。
heart - touching:心-触摸
I received a dear John letter from my girl friend which broke my heart.
我收到女友来的绝交信，令我破裂我的听。
broke my hear:破裂我的听
He wants to give away all his modern possessions and return to nature.
他要舍弃一切时髦的东西而返回到自然。
return to nature:返回到自然
Tiny babies do tug at the heartstrings but raising a severely impaired child is heartbreakingly hard.
幼小的生命拖拉在是的心弦，但养育一个病情危重的孩子更是悲伤而困难的事。
tug at the heartstrings:拖拉在是的心弦
We must do it whole - heartedly, not half - heartedly.
我们要全心全意地做这件事，而不是一半-真诚地。
half - heartedly:一半-真诚地
The sun lost its heartening power and the sky became grey and sombre.
太阳失去了它令人振奋的力量，天空变成铅灰色，阴沉沉的。
heartening:令人振奋
Friends know when to offer serious counsel and thoughtful heartfelt advice.
朋友知道什么时候应该给予我们忠告和经过有思想的人的，贴心的建议。
thoughtful:有思想的人
Initially a bride would be brought home to the White House and she would look radiant.
新娘起初被领到白宫家里来的时候，放射性。
radiant:放射性
Thanks to a new gizmo, you now just need to face the music and dance.
幸亏有一项新发明，现在手机没电的时候，你只要临危不惧，舞蹈就可以了。
dance:舞蹈
Unswervingly following the socialist road with Chinese characteristics, forge ahead courageously!
不屈不挠地沿着中国特色社会主义道路奋勇前进!
Unswervingly:不屈不挠
Unswervingly following the socialist road with Chinese characteristics, forge ahead courageously!
坚定不移地沿着中国特色社会主义道路伪造前面勇敢地!
forge ahead courageously:伪造前面勇敢地
It was of course a delight for them to meet again after such a long separation.
约会又一次之后如长分离，自是高兴。
meet again after such a long separation:约会又一次之后如长分离
He was quite polite, of course, but somehow I didn't like his manner.
当然，他的确还是礼貌的，但我就是有些不喜欢他的举止。
polite:礼貌
Nice girls, of course, but washed out. And look at little Miss Melanie.
当然，都还是好女孩子，可就是洗出去。
washed out:洗出去
Of course, if not the proper use of computers, also adverse consequences.
当然，如果不能正确使用计算机，也会产生不利后果。
adverse consequences:不利后果
Of course, if we enjoy the exercise we will perform more persistently.
当然，如果我们喜欢某项运动，我们就会坚持不懈地。
persistently:坚持不懈地
He has made indelible contributions during the entire course of the revolution.
在整个革命过程中，他树立了不可消灭的功绩。
indelible:不可消灭
Inspiring, wise, humorous, and heartwarming, these books are the perfect gifts for that very special sibling.
这本令人鼓舞、充满著智慧与幽默的小书，绝对是给他们的一份最棒的礼物。
Inspiring:令人鼓舞
A person suffering from heat exhaustion feels weak and extremely tired.
中暑的人会觉得虚弱和疲倦。
tired:疲倦
The youth gets Sudan eventually allow, riding courser to gallop and go.
年轻人终于得到苏丹的准许，骑著骏马加洛普及去。
gallop and go:加洛普及去
Andrew was not ashamed to find that tears were coursing down his face.
安德鲁泪水是 coursing倒下，却并不为之惭愧。
tears were coursing down:泪水是 coursing倒下
I feel sorry for famous people who live their lives in the glare of publicity.
我真可怜那些名人要在是的闪烁的宣传之下生活。
the glare of publicity:是的闪烁的宣传
Cold water can also slow your muscles, making it hard to swim.
冷水还能使你的肌肉慢你的肌肉，使你游不动。
slow your muscles:慢你的肌肉
All previous classics innumerable trials and hardships, she became a of Muscovite university female Master finally.
历经无数审判及困难，她最终成了莫斯科大学的一名女硕士。
innumerable trials and hardships:无数审判及困难
Could he treat Esther so cruelly after her many years of devotion and loyalty?
埃丝特这许多年来一直对他献身，始终如一，他能这么狠心对待她吗?
devotion:献身
Could he treat Esther so cruelly after her many years of devotion and loyalty?
埃丝特这许多年来一直对他忠心耿耿，忠诚，他能这么狠心对待她吗?
loyalty:忠诚
That singer wasn't very technically able and her voice was a mess.
那个歌手不够专业，声音也是混乱。
a mess:混乱
China will ablide by the peaceful diplomatic policy of self - independence unswervingly.
中国将不屈不挠地奉行独立自主的和平外交政策。
unswervingly:不屈不挠
China will ablide by the peaceful diplomatic policy of self - independence unswervingly.
中国将坚定不移地奉行独立的和平外交政策。
independence:独立
Berkey warned that the behaviours may unnoticed as causes of gradual weight gain.
伯基警告说，该行为可能被遗漏的原因逐渐的体重增加。
gradual:逐渐
He gave the complete list of the museums and churches and public buildings they had visited.
他还完成地列举了他们访问过的博物馆，教堂和公共建筑物的名称。
complete:完成
The human race and animals could have been getting along well together.
人类与动物应可获得沿着好的。
getting along well:获得沿着好的
Whereas many other southern American cities were racially segregated, New Orleans was a true melting pot.
当时美国南方许多城市还在种族隔离，新奥尔良却是个真的熔炉。
true:真
In a rousing speech the minister hit out at racism in the armed forces.
在一次路由的讲话中，部长严厉批评了军队中存在的种族主义。
rousing:路由
This country is going to rack and ruin; we need a change of government.
这个国家正在架子及毁坏，我们需要更换政府。
rack and ruin:架子及毁坏
Don't think this job a piece of cake. You'll have to rack your brains once you start on it.
别以为这工作是片子的蛋糕的事，你做了就知道它是很伤脑筋的。
a piece of cake:片子的蛋糕
The obvious alternative is for Berlin to force banks to raise more capital.
很明显的替代方案是，由政府强制银行筹集更多资金。
obvious:很明显
Germany was divided in two by the Berlin Wall in 1961.
德国在1961年被柏林墙是分开在两。
was divided in two:是分开在两
Entrusted project: Assisting with ceremony activities, stationary, office furniture, warehouse racks etc.
代办工程: 协助客商联系庆典、办公用品、办公家具、仓库货架等托管服务。
Entrusted:托管
The lake and the hills add radiance and beauty to each other.
湖光山色，增加辐射及美到每个其他。
add radiance and beauty to each other:增加辐射及美到每个其他
New blocks of flats and offices are mushrooming all over the city.
新的住宅和办公楼群正在全市各处 mushrooming般地迅速增加。
mushrooming:mushrooming
I'll feel overjoyed, almost to the point of waving my arms and stamping my feet.
当时，我真非常高兴，如果给我机会的话，我简直想手舞足蹈了。
overjoyed:非常高兴
I'll feel overjoyed, almost to the point of waving my arms and stamping my feet.
当时，我真乐不可支，如果给我机会的话，我简直想 stmping我的英尺了。
stamping my feet:stmping我的英尺
All thethe dual working of my mind distracted me almost to the point of insanity.
我脑中那种有双重存在在活动的感觉一直折磨着我，几乎使我疯狂。
insanity:疯狂
He hit the ceiling when he found out the radio had been broken to bits.
当他发现收音机被人打坏时，气得破裂到比特。
broken to bits:破裂到比特
I am out of my element when people start talking about music.
人们一谈论起音乐我就感到出去的我的元素。
out of my element:出去的我的元素
Theories abound, but scientists are at a loss to explain this infanticidal behavior.
理论比比皆是，但科学家都处于一种茫然在损失解释这infanticidal行为。
at a loss:在损失
And we would really like to try our hand in the music business.
我俩真想在音乐这一行当里里我们的手。
ry our hand:里我们的手
I know nothing about it except what I have read in the papers.
除了在报上读到的以外，我对这件事知道没什么关于。
know nothing about:知道没什么关于
You'd have to ask him what it's about - he's ambitious.
你将会必须问他它是什么 - 他是野心的的。
ambitious:野心的
In the Millennium dressing - room at half - time, Rafa made his usual inspirational speech.
中场休息时，拉法在千年球场的更衣室做了他一贯的令人鼓舞的讲话。
inspirational:令人鼓舞
Yes, I'd like to talk with your sale manager about something troublesome.
有，我想同你们销售经理谈点某事麻烦。
something troublesome:某事麻烦
The research into black holes is just starting and various speculations about then will be endless.
对黑洞的研究刚刚开始，各种各样的假说会无限。
endless:无限
And Islamic music, dance, dress and architecture are warmly appreciated in China.
阿拉伯鼎盛时期的文学经典《一千零一夜》，在中国赞赏。
appreciated:赞赏
These seem to flourish despite repeated government crackdowns about Internet - addicted youth and illegal music downloads.
不管政府如何重复反复镇压，年轻人依然痴迷于网游，非法歌曲下载也依然兴盛。
repeated:重复
You shouldn't make all that fuss about so simple a matter.
这么简单的事，你不该那么惊慌关于那么简单物质。
fuss about so simple a matter:惊慌关于那么简单物质
However, some musicians and music fans in UK are still fascinated with its special charm.
不过在英国还是有一些音乐人和乐迷对它仍旧迷恋与。
still fascinated with:仍旧迷恋与
The boy devoured the books he could get about the author in the kitchen.
这个小伙子在厨房里吃掉地读着他能弄到的关于这个作者的一切书。
devoured:吃掉
One by one the other Elders now timidly rise with innocuous requests, which Rahm receives warmly.
其他的长老一个接一个怯生生地站起来，提出了一些无害的要求，拉姆全热情地接纳了。
innocuous:无害
The newcomer, SS sturmbannf ü hrer Carl Rahm, is not unknown here.
新上任的人，党卫军中队长卡尔?拉姆，在这儿并不是未知的。
unknown:未知
Without doubt Debussy held the pivotal status in the western music history.
无疑德彪西在西方音乐史上占有被保留是的 pivotl状态的地位。
held the pivotal status:被保留是的 pivotl状态
Stop sitting there chasing rainbows. Get out and do some work.
别坐着追踪彩虹了，出去干点活。
chasing rainbows:追踪彩虹
On TV Omnibus and Young People's Concerts, he demystified serious music, making it exciting and fun.
他在电视上通过“集锦 ” “青年音乐会”等节目，使“严肃”音乐变得富有刺激性和制造它令人兴奋及有趣，不再神秘。
making it exciting and fun:制造它令人兴奋及有趣
Dad raised an awful stink when he saw what the children's cricket match had done to the lawn.
孩子们在草坪上进行板球比赛时把草坪踩得一塌糊涂，他们的父亲看到后为此升高一个可怕臭味!
raised an awful stink:升高一个可怕臭味
I raise my glass to the happy pair, wishing them a long life together.
我为这幸福的一对干杯，祝愿他们长生命一起。
a long life together:长生命一起
He would raise the roof over her slightest mistake or shortcoming.
她出一点差错，他就会提高是的屋顶。
raise the roof:提高是的屋顶
Many people raised their eyebrows at the news that their director had been removed from office.
听说厂长被撤职许多人升高他们眉毛。
raised their eyebrows:升高他们眉毛
We all raised our eyebrows when we heard that two young men had beaten a tiger to death bare-handed.
当听到两个青年升高我们的眉毛打死了一只老虎时，我们都不禁为之愕然。
raised our eyebrows:升高我们的眉毛
They the traditional'opium the people'- cannot bear the music of the spheres.
他们憎恶 “人类的鸦片 ”，无法承受是的球面的音乐。
the spheres:是的球面
The deafening music of the automatic organ screened our conversation from the rest.
自动乐器使人聋哑的乐曲声掩盖了我们的谈话，使旁人听不清楚。
deafening:使人聋哑
How can you be depressed with all this beautiful church music playing?
听着这么好听的圣歌，你们怎能这样子沮丧?
depressed:沮丧
More than anything the rams helped to break what should have been on interminable marriage.
那些牡羊比任何东西都更严重地加速了他们那本该无限的的婚姻的破裂。
interminable:无限的
Your music video frequency certainly lets the owner clap hands to call to cut off.
您的音乐视频定会让所有人拍拍手到呼叫到切断取消。
clap hands to call to cut off:拍拍手到呼叫到切断取消
One rancher after another delivered himself of a torrent of furious words.
农庄主人们一个接一个的发表一段放连珠炮似的愤怒的讲话。
furious:愤怒
Shiva Moradfar of Rancho Santa Fe believes her home escaped the fire.
圣达菲的希佛相信，他的家逃脱。
escaped:逃脱
He a quiet way abouta walk and talk that just wasn't normal around here.
他很从容的做事情，走路、说话都不是正常。
wasn't normal:不是正常
And unlike humans, the elephants don't seem to feel shy aboutthe toilet in full view.
而且大象跟人类不一样，在在完全看之下如厕好像并不会不好意思。
in full view:在完全看
Folk songs are unlimited in form and subject matter, ranging from very simple to relatively complex.
民歌形式繁多、内容广泛，从十分简单的到相当复杂的事件，射程。
ranging:射程
Never had she been seen so busy, so studious, and above all, so active.
从来没有看到她这么忙碌，这么专心，尤其是这么主动。
active:主动
It jauntily above oneself, just take the advantage of temporarily downwind stopped.
它慷慨上面自己，自高自大，只不过趁一时顺风罢了。
jauntily above oneself:慷慨上面自己
By sounding off, you usually end up making a ranting speech that you end up regretting!
你总是声音取消，激昂演说，到末了后悔不已。
sounding off:声音取消
By sounding off, you usually end up making a ranting speech that you end up regretting!
你总是夸夸其谈，激昂演说，到末了遗憾。
regretting:遗憾
She stayed behind to help with the cleaning, which is above and beyond her regular work.
她留下来帮助是的清洁，这超越了她的本职工作。
the cleaning:是的清洁
He knew I was energetic and dynamic and would get things done.
他知道我精力充沛、动态，会把事情办成的。
dynamic:动态
You may be perfectly honest and above board in your activities.
你的行为可以是非常老实及诚实的。
honest:诚实
We got stick together, or we will be having our women raped.
我们得有棍棒一起，不然我们的妻女就会遭到蹂躏。
got stick together:有棍棒一起
After buying a new chain I was faced with the insurmountable task of putting the confusing jigsaw puzzle together again.
我买了一条新链子之后，便面临一个难以克服的任务:把这个使人不可逾越的“益智分合图”再 84 来自《用法词典》
insurmountable:不可逾越
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
事实上我宁愿坐背面，然后炸死一群说唱歌手。
sit back:坐背面
The audience is all concentrating with rapt attention on taking notes.
人们都在与强奸注意地记笔记。
with rapt attention:与强奸注意
In the midst of his rapture, he was interrupted by his father.
他正狂欢，被他父亲打断了。
rapture:狂欢
Wonderful hand - painting, perfect color - matching, rarefied costumes, all of these construct a China - style comic.
精湛的手绘技巧，完美的配色，考究的道具服饰，稀有的人物构成这一幅极具国风的画作。
rarefied:稀有
Their roots bulked above the ground and the branches were twisted.
地面扭曲，树身枝干缠绕。
twisted:扭曲
Despite his rhetoric, Mr Rasmussen probably understands that as well as anybody.
尽管不断口语，拉斯穆森却可能象其他任何人一样明了这一点。
rhetoric:口语
Then Alfred went musing into the deserted schoolhouse. He was humiliated and angry.
他思索进入来到了空荡荡的教室，感到受了羞辱，非常恼火。
musing into:思索进入
Something must have happened to her. She has been sitting there musing for hours.
她一定是有什么事了，一连几小时坐在那里思索。
musing:思索
I was awakened out of my musings by the thunderous applause when we entered the stadium.
当我们进入体育场时，雷暴掌声，把我从沉思中惊醒。
thunderous applause:雷暴掌声
Six month's rations for the whole city burned up in one night.
在一个夜，足够全市六个月配给量的粮食付之一炬。
in one night:在一个夜
Six month's rations for the whole city burned up in one night.
一夜之间，足够全市六个月配给量的粮食火烧高。
burned up:火烧高
Once she started to talk about herself, she would rattle away for a long time.
只要讲到她自己，她就摇摇晃晃离开为长时间地讲个没完。
rattle away for a long time:摇摇晃晃离开为长时间
Then came a fiercer gust still, which made the window rattle loudly.
接着就是呼呼的更猛烈的风叫，窗子都大声地震响。
loudly:大声
He had been open and aboveboard, and there was nothing to fear.
他一向是打开及船上，公开活动的，这没什么可害怕的。
open and aboveboard:打开及船上
We are aboveboard no matter what things we do, never keep It'secret.
做任何事，我们都是光明正大的，从不保持这是秘密。
keep It'secret:保持这是秘密
Welcome and abroad and the Company join hands to create brilliant!
欢迎海内外客商与本公司携手共进，共创辉煌!
Welcome:欢迎
She placed a huge dish before him of savory steaming meat.
她将一大盘热气腾腾、香气的肉放在他面前。
savory:香气
The crowd went crazy over the razzle - dazzle play by the rookie guard.
人们因新防卫队员的精彩表演而变得暴风雨-闪耀。
razzle - dazzle:暴风雨-闪耀
Special just didn't have enough razzle dazzle to describe your birthday.
“特殊 ” 二字无法尽述你生日的暴风雨闪耀。
razzle dazzle:暴风雨闪耀
Roberto Bertollini: I think this is really an issue of life and survival of human beings.
罗伯特?波托里尼: 我认为这确是一个事关人类生命及生存的课题。
life and survival:生命及生存
It is necessary that a person should provide against a raing day.
一个人应提供反对拉丁一天，未雨绸缪。
provide against a raing day:提供反对拉丁一天
It is necessary that a person should provide against a raing day.
一个人应居安思危，提供反对拉丁一天。
provide against a raing day:提供反对拉丁一天
It was, indeed, a triumphant day to Mr. Bertram and Maria.
对贝特伦先生和玛丽亚来说，这的确是胜利者的一天。
triumphant:胜利者
Although Grazia and Christophe never married, they remained steadfast and consoling friends.
虽然葛拉齐亚和克利斯朵夫两人从未结婚，但是他们彼此保持着坚定的、互相安慰的友情。
steadfast:坚定
We must carry the experiment through to the end, not give up halfway.
这项试验一定要搞到底，不能给予高半途。
give up halfway:给予高半途
They who cannot do as they would, must do as they can.
不能如愿而行，也须做如他们可以。
do as they can:做如他们可以
Therefore, the Buddha said that all living beings must eat to live.
是故佛说所有生活生物皆依食住。
all living beings:所有生活生物
In order to become famous they must hit upon a distinctive'signature ".
要想成名，他们得想出一门辨别性的 “签名 ”。
distinctive:辨别性
You must listen to both points of view and try not to be partisan.
你必须兼听双方观点，尽量做到不到是党派。
not to be partisan:不到是党派
We must lose no time; we must make our hay while shines the sun.
我们得不失时机 ，我们得做我们的干草同时闪光是的太阳。
make our hay while shines the sun:做我们的干草同时闪光是的太阳
"We'll have to take a coach to - night," answered Carrie absently.
“今天晚上，我们得坐马车了."嘉莉缺席地回答。
absently:缺席
Occasionally he was even rather absentminded and faraway when the bride leaned forward and addressed him.
偶尔，当新娘探身对他说话时，他甚至有点心不在焉和心不在焉。
absentminded:心不在焉
CBR (Case - Based Reasoning) is one of the most distinguishing methods different from RBR (Rule - Based Reasoulng) in AI.
CBR (Case -BasedReasoning) 以完全不同于RBR (Rule—BasedReasoning) 的方式在人工智能的众多技术中区别。
distinguishing:区别
Or perhaps the insouciant Rue Saint - Denis, where French Montrealers go to see and be seen.
也许是圣丹尼路上不耐烦的格调，法裔蒙城人去那里欣赏别人和展示自己。
insouciant:不耐烦
Republicans and Democrats must tackle it together, sharing both the credit and the blame.
因此共和党和民主党必须团结起来，共同应对，分享两个是的信用证及是的责备。
sharing both the credit and the blame:分享两个是的信用证及是的责备
Many African people have only the basics of survival. It's absolutely unbelievable.
很多非洲人只有维持生存的基本条件，这太难以置信了。
unbelievable:难以置信
A woman must use whatever means she can to become a member and get ahead.
一个女人只有使用无论如何表示才能挤进去，挤到别人的前头。
use whatever means:使用无论如何表示
Desdemona. Beshrew me, if I would do such a wrong For the whole world.
苔丝狄蒙娜我要是为了整个的世界，会干出这种做如错误的事来，一定不得好死。
do such a wrong:做如错误
Mustang II was very successful, although it wasn't quite the hit that the original had been.
野马二型很成功，虽然没有象原来的野马那末非常是的击中。
quite the hit:非常是的击中
Within weeks of the Mustang's introduction, we were flooded with letters from satisfied customers.
“野马”车推销了才不到几个星期，来信便如雪片飞来，都是满意的顾客写的。
satisfied:满意
Mustangs are after image of the west, no better than ghosts, hardly there at all.
而野马就是西部残留影象，犹如鬼魅，几乎几乎没有在那儿在所有。。
hardly there at all.:几乎没有在那儿在所有。
You are too impatient definitely, must count absorbedly, and count meet to 10 thousand ability effective.
你准是太心急了，必须 bsorbedly地数，并且数到1万才会有效。
absorbedly:bsorbedly
Debbie sat among them in her usual posture: upright, intent, gazing absorbedly into the glowing coals.
戴比以惯常的姿势蹲在3只狗中间 -- 挺直、专注、凝视 bsorbedly地盯着燃烧的煤块。
gazing absorbedly:凝视 bsorbedly
I had to muster my courage up to ask him that question.
我必须勇气高向他问那个问题。
courage up:勇气高
His father, of all men, had lived a careful life, moderate, abstemious.
在所有的人中，他父亲是一个一生最最小心、处世中和，食用有节的人。
careful:小心
And the young sneer at the Oughts and resist the Musts with all their energy.
学生们对“必需”的课业嘲笑在，并竭尽全力对抗那些“必须”进行的学习。
sneer at:嘲笑在
Try your best before exam and accept any of it's result.
考试前试你的最好的，考试后接受结果。
Try your best:试你的最好的
'Good,'said Syme abstractedly, without looking up from his strip of paper.
“好呀，”赛姆还看着纸条儿，头也不抬，一面抽象地地说了一句。
abstractedly:抽象地
Mrs. Charmond fell into a meditation, and replied abstractedly to a cursory remark of her companion's.
查曼德夫人陷入了沉思，抽象地地回答着同伴没有深思熟虑地说出的议论。
abstractedly:抽象地
Through such indomitable thinking, the Chinese claim they have found a cure for deaf - muteness.
贯彻这种不屈不挠的思想，中国人声称，他们已经发现了一种聋哑治疗法。
indomitable:不屈不挠
The builders arrange for a place on the site, and TMC provides well - trained, committed staff.
建筑商会安排一处地方给它，而TMC拥有经过良好训练的、承诺的员工。
committed:承诺
Overkill - why is it the pre - req to mutilate?
过度杀伤 —— 为什么这是毁伤的前置天赋?
Overkill:过度杀伤
It wouldn't do to mutilate it, partner. It might seem to be cancelled.
把它弄得削弱是不行的，伙计，那就可能像是已经作废了。
mutilate:削弱
"He did not want to think of the mutilated under - side of the fish.
"他不愿去想那鱼变形的肚子。
mutilated:变形
There is no need to recline and rest in mock desperation.
更不要以绝望无助的姿态仰卧及休息。
recline and rest:仰卧及休息
The ungrateful betrayer did not care at all for the elephant.
这个无情的混蛋对象王毫不关心。
ungrateful:无情
It includes the highest glimpses of mortal gladness: reunion, reconciliations, the bliss of lovers long parted.
这包含对极大乐趣的显露，重聚，和解，长分离的恋人的狂喜。
long parted:长分离
He has decided beforehand that a complete reconstruction is possible and necessary.
他事先就决定彻底改造是可能的和必然的。
decided:决定
Our ability to understand and even reprogram the brain is also accelerating.
我们对脑部的了解，甚至重设其程式的能力，也加速。
accelerating:加速
She could see into the tight, crowded rectangle of the French Quarter.
她可以看到那紧、拥挤不堪的长方形法国居民区。
tight:紧
She could see into the tight, crowded rectangle of the French Quarter.
她可以看到那熙熙攘攘、拥挤的长方形法国居民区。
crowded:拥挤
He rushed into the room, red - faced and out of breath.
他冲进房间，脸色通红，出去的呼吸。
out of breath:出去的呼吸
We must press ahead with the reform in all areas resolutely.
必须坚决地地推进各方面改革。
resolutely:坚决地
It is better to have a separate unit, accessible from all sides.
这是一个独立的单位，可从从所有两边。
from all sides:从所有两边
What Sophia's reflections were upon this occasion I cannot pretend to determine.
素绯雅对于这事怎样思前想后，我却不能假装到确定。
cannot pretend to determine:不能假装到确定
Harry has completely reformed—he's stopped taking drugs and got a regular job.
哈利现在已经完全改革了——他已不吸毒，而且找到一份正当的工作。
reformed:改革
The ex-convict had reformed and was now a productive member of society.
那个刑满出狱的犯人已改革，现在成为对社会有益的公民了。
reformed:改革
He never begins his cherished project for the reformation of criminals.
他再也不去实行改造罪犯的珍视的计划了。
cherished:珍视的
A wander's repose or a sinner's reformation should never depend on a fellow - creature.
一个流浪者的安宁或者一个犯过大错的人的改革，决不应该依靠同类。
reformation:改革
If it's the cornea, Joe can regain sight with a corneal transplant.
如果是角膜的毛病，可进行角膜移植，使乔恢复视力。
regain sight:恢复视力
Bevy, I'm really curious as to this sudden decision of yours.
白妃，我对你这样突然的决定，的确感到奇怪。
sudden:突然
I was so driven, Bevy, I didn't know which way to turn.
我真是被动呀，白菲，我不知道走哪条路好了。
driven:被动
He is in from height merely ice bewail, be at a loss unexpectedly rise.
他只顾自个儿在冰上叹惜，竟意外地起来。
unexpectedly:意外地
The myocarditis may be severe enough to cause congestive heart failure.
严重的心肌炎可能导致充血性心失败。
heart failure:心失败
The old woman from the country was bewildered by the crowds and traffic in the big city.
从农村来的那个老太太被大城市的人流和交通搞得茫然不知所措。
bewildered:不知所措
And so he had returned home, a little bewildered, a little frightened.
于是，她从娘家回来了，百思不得一解，也有点害怕。
frightened:害怕
"It's almost like I was in love with him!'she thought, bewildered.
"这几乎像是我已经爱上他了!" 她心中暗想，有点不知所措。
bewildered:不知所措
With the new investors has come a bewildering variety of loans.
随着新投资者出现的，还有一系列让人不知所措的贷款。
bewildered:不知所措
In recent days, the domestic steel market appeared a bewildering mystery.
最近一段时间，国内钢材市场出现一派不知所措的迷团。
bewildered:不知所措
We enter into a bewilderment of smoke, noise and crowding people.
我们进入了一个困惑、吵吵闹闹和拥挤不堪的混乱环境中。
bewilderment:困惑
We enter into a bewilderment of smoke, noise and crowding people.
我们进入了一个乌烟瘴气、吵吵闹闹和拥挤的混乱环境中。
crowding:拥挤
THERE be none of the affections, which have been noted to bewitch, love envy.
世人历来注意到，所有情感中最令人魔术师着莫过于爱情和嫉妒。
bewitch:魔术师
There is none of the affections, which has been noted to fascinate or bewitch, but love and envy.
世人历来注意到，所有情感中最令人魔术师著莫过于爱情和嫉妒。
bewitch:魔术师
The bewitching thing about financial innovation is its novelty and its complexity.
金融创新的迷人之处在于标新立异和复杂性。
complexity:复杂性
I regret to tell you that I am willing, but unable.
我抱歉对你说了吧，我愿意,但不能。
willing, but unable:愿意,但不能
The puppet - show was performed with great regularity and decency.
木偶戏的演出伟大的规律性，也很规矩。
great regularity:伟大的规律性
But to assent to a consensus acclaiming its virtues is another matter.
但若异口同声地为君主制赞扬它的美德，则是另一码事。
acclaiming its virtues:赞扬它的美德
Even though there are myriad hardships and hazards, they can't stop the dauntless explorers.
纵有困难及危险，也挡不住英勇的探险队员。
hardships and hazards:困难及危险
That I have been able to attend a grand meeting such as this one, fills my mind with a myriad of thoughts and ideas.
我能参加这样的盛会，真是百感交集，无数的思考及想法。
a myriad of thoughts and ideas:无数的思考及想法
There were myriad stories about Toby, and nearly all of them were true.
有关托比的这类趣闻轶事无数，而且几乎全都实有其事。
myriad:无数
There were myriad stories about Toby, and nearly all of them were true.
有关托比的这类趣闻轶事不胜枚举，而且几乎全都真。
true:真
Margaret and Reicht were agreed that a man should always take the bull by the horns.
玛格丽特和赖克特意见一致，认为一个男人做事应当总是接受是的牛仔以是的角。
take the bull by the horns:接受是的牛仔以是的角
The terror that is reigning across Indonesia is making everyone fearful.
印尼的恐怖让人害怕。
fearful:害怕
Aside from being ultra consistent between the posts, Reina extra quality that sets him apart.
除了在门柱之间拥有超强的稳定性，佩佩还有些数组他分开的特质。
sets him apart:数组他分开
It merely reinforces the idea that China is stridently nationalistic and unaccountable.
这只能让人们加深对中国小心翼翼地的民族主义，并一意孤行的印象。
stridently:小心翼翼地
It merely reinforces the idea that China is stridently nationalistic and unaccountable.
这只能让人们加深对中国不可理喻的民族主义，并不负责任的印象。
unaccountable:不负责任
His horse was feeling frisky, and he had to hold the reins tightly.
马儿开朗的，他不得不紧勒缰绳。
frisky:开朗的
It is time I woke up to myself. I've wasted too much time fooling around, and I almost ruined my career.
我该清醒认识自己了. 我愚弄四周浪费了太多的时间，差点毁了我的事业。
fooling around:愚弄四周
The race to reinvent the pig is not hard to fathom.
再创猪的竞赛也并非很困难到深思熟虑。
hard to fathom:很困难到深思熟虑
The mother flatly rejected my proposal that she meet her daughter tomorrow.
那位母亲平坦地地拒绝了我的建议，即她应该明天去看她的女儿。
flatly:平坦地
The people rejoiced when they heard that a young prince was born.
当人们听说一个小王子降生人世时都很高兴。
rejoiced:很高兴
The news of victory rejoiced the heart of the whole nation.
胜利的喜悦使全国人民很高兴。
rejoiced:很高兴
We saw their hope turn into a snare, and their rejoicing into weeping.
我们看到他们的希望转动进入蛇蛇，他们的欢乐变成哀泣。
turn into a snare:转动进入蛇蛇
How Harry came into the possession of this outlandish stuff makes an interesting story which he is fond if relating.
哈里如何得了这种野蛮的东西，构成了一个他津津乐道的有趣故事。
outlandish:野蛮
The relation of disease to poverty and ignorance is easy to see.
疾病与贫穷、无知之间的关系是轻松到看的。
easy to see:轻松到看
The household register management reform is a relational everyone's big matter.
摘要户籍管理改革是一个关系。家庭的大事情。
The household:。家庭
In its foreign relations, the Chinese nation has advocated cordiality, benevolence, good - neighborliness and universal harmony.
中华民族在对外交往中，崇尚好的-邻近，主张和而不同，追求普遍和谐。
good - neighborliness:好的-邻近
In its foreign relations, the Chinese nation has advocated cordiality, benevolence, good - neighborliness and universal harmony.
中华民族在对外交往中，崇尚亲仁善邻，主张普遍性和谐，追求普遍和谐。
universal harmony:普遍性和谐
He would quench the sunny moment, bring trouble on himself, and accomplish nothing.
这会把这个乐融融的时刻破坏，给自己带来麻烦，结果完成没什么。
accomplish nothing:完成没什么
Her day of love and the mysteries of courtship were still ahead.
她还没有恋爱，爱对她来说还是个神秘的谜。
love:爱
The children came to a deserted castle and began with their mysterious expedition.
孩子们来到这个被遗弃的城堡，开始了他们神秘的探险活动。
deserted:被遗弃
One time - tested method for relaying information is the dead drop.
有一种时间-测试的传递情报的方式被称为死信箱。
time - tested:时间-测试
The guerrilla units mysteriously appear and disappear in operation behind enemy lines, without the enemy's being able to do anything about them.
游击队在敌人后方神秘地出现及消失地活动，敌人无奈他何。
mysteriously appear and disappear:神秘地出现及消失
Local executives'desks offer a peek into their owners'personalities, work styles, accomplishments and ambitions.
华盛顿邮报》近日刊登的系列照片《权力的办公桌》为人们近距离展示了华盛顿权贵们的办公桌. 不同的办公桌展现出主人不同的个性、作方式、就以及野心。
ambitions:野心
Smiling helps top relent us from looking tired, worn down and overwhelmed.
微笑可以顶雷文我们看上去很疲惫，磨损下来，被压倒。
overwhelmed:被压倒
Independence does not mean shutting the door on the world, nor does self - reliance mean blind opposition to everything foreign.
獨立不是闭关自守，自力更生不是盲目排外。
Independence:獨立
Independence does not mean shutting the door on the world, nor does self - reliance mean blind opposition to everything foreign.
独立自主不是关闭是的门，自力更生不是盲目排外。
shutting the door:关闭是的门
Independence does not mean shutting the door on the world, nor does self - reliance mean blind opposition to everything foreign.
独立自主不是闭关自守，自我-依靠不是盲目排外。
self - reliance:自我-依靠
Expelling wind and cold pathogens, relieving exterior syndrome and clearing away heat.
 expelling风及冷病原体，迅速缓解风寒感冒症状。
Expelling wind and cold pathogens:expelling风及冷病原体
Hearn pulled off another piece of turkey and ate it with relish.
候恩，又撕下一片火鸡肉，吃得与享受。
with relish:与享受
She was in no hurry, relishing each blossom as a rare and delicate treasure.
她在不快点地欣赏着，好象每一朵花都是精美的稀世珍宝一样。
in no hurry:在不快点
She was in no hurry, relishing each blossom as a rare and delicate treasure.
她不慌不忙地欣赏着，好象每一朵花都是精美的敏感宝藏一样。
delicate treasure:敏感宝藏
She no hurry, relishing each blossom as a rare and delicate treasure.
她不快点，像欣赏稀有珍宝似地欣赏著每一朵花。
no hurry:不快点
I guess she relly was engrossed, she never made the bed.
我想她真的是沉溺是沉浸，因为她从不整理床铺。
relly was engrossed:沉溺是沉浸
Without a doubt, this captivating mystery thriller will give you the creeps!
毫无疑问，这个迷人的神秘悬疑会给你神秘惊悚片!
mystery thriller:神秘惊悚片
The store sells big ones, small ones, medium ones, or what have you.
那家商店卖大号的、小号的、中号的，或什么?有你。
or what have you:或什么?有你
CBIR is a gradually precision process. There is a feature adjustment and rematch process in it.
基于内容的查询和检索是一个精确度过程的过程，存在一个特征调整、重新匹配的循环过程。
precision process:精确度过程
He walked to the door and opened it, prepared to accost an intruder with righteous indignation.
他走上前去开门，义人愤怒地想向闯入者发难。
righteous indignation:义人愤怒
She asking questions so brusquely and giving orders so decisively Pork's eyebrows went up in mystification.
她一开口便突如起来提出问题，并果断发布命令.波克翻着眼睛去了高在神秘化了。
went up in mystification:去了高在神秘化
They are by their existence live reminders that blood is thicker than water.
他们总在提醒我们什么叫做血是更厚比水。
blood is thicker than water:血是更厚比水
How he came to head wide of an open goal from 4 yards is mystifying.
距离球门4码处面对空门竟然顶偏，真是神秘的。
mystifying:神秘的
Lack of social gatherings in this remote countryside was her main beef.
她最不满意的是这个遥远乡村缺乏社交聚会。
remote countryside:遥远乡村
This account is full of mistakes! Wasn't it ever checked through?
这笔账完全的错误，难道没有查对过吗?
full of mistakes:完全的错误
Efforts to keep Iran non - nuclear have yielded nothing, and the war in Iraq still defies solution.
维持伊朗为非核国家的计画也毫无进展;伊拉克战争更是蔑视解决。
defies solution:蔑视解决
To be patentable an invention must be novel, useful and non - obvious.
要获得专利，发明必须具备新颖性、用性和非很明显性。
obvious:很明显
This would make the solution non - obvious so that the invention involves an inventive step.
这会使该解决方法变得并不很明显，所以该发明就苞含了创造性步骤。
obvious:很明显
He had never dreamed that the fund of human knowledge bulked so big.
他从没想到人类知识的积蓄竟会如此暴躁那么大。
bulked so big:暴躁那么大
Yet, ironically, there was seldom any difficulty in getting money for non - operational improvements.
然而，令人讽刺的是的是，要钱改善与飞行操作无关的项目，却是很少碰上什么困难的。
ironically:讽刺的是
He bulled into a job that he had never done before.
他 bulled地参加了一项他从未做过的工作。
bulled:bulled
Too many assume that people behave like the mythical homo economics, who is hyperrational and omniscient.
他们有太多人假设人们都是神话般的既高度理性又全能者的人经济人。
omniscient:全能者
It is easy to discern a connection between high rents and the lack of housing.
它是轻松到辨别，高房租和住房缺乏是彼此相关的。
It is easy to discern:它是轻松到辨别
He once did her a good turn, but she repaid it with a bad turn.
他曾经帮助过她，而她却偿还它与坏转动。
repaid it with a bad turn:偿还它与坏转动
He took advantage of other's difficulties to press for the repayment of debts.
他接受优势的他人的困难，进行逼债。
took advantage of other's difficulties:接受优势的他人的困难
Abortion repeal is not a question of political expediency. it is part of something greater.
废除禁止人工流产法不是一个政治便利性的问题. 它是一个更大问题的一部分。
expediency:便利性
I repeated them until I could recite seventy stories without dropping a word.
我反复背诵，直到我能没有降落词语地背出70篇故事来。
without dropping a word:没有降落词语
Don't let the repoter spook you, and you have to behave urbanely.
别让记者缠住你，而你还得行为城市化。
behave urbanely:行为城市化
The rest of us are reprimanded for even the smallest transgression, while he can get away with murder.
我们其他的人哪怕只有点最小违背的过失都要受责备，而他则过失再大也安然无事。
smallest transgression:最小违背
The rest of us are reprimanded for even the smallest transgression, while he can get away with murder.
我们其他的人哪怕只有点鸡毛蒜皮的过失都要受责备，而他则过失再大也获得离开与谋杀。
get away with murder:获得离开与谋杀
But Britain cannot easily reprise its Blair - era identity as the freewheeling California of Europe.
但是英国不能简单沿用布莱尔首相时期的定位，当时英国彷佛欧洲自由骑车的加利福尼亚。
freewheeling:自由骑车
The N. B. A. has extended its influence to Asia, and India is next on its ambitious docket.
NBA已经将其影响延伸到亚洲，印度是它野心的的扩展名单中的下一个目标。
ambitious:野心的
Because of requisitions, land abandoned and whole families were drowning themselves in village wells.
要求使土地荒芜，整家整户的人被迫投井自杀。
requisitions:要求
Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out - of - the - way things to happen.
艾丽思已经习惯于老是指望发生出去-的-是的-路面一些事情的事儿。
out - of - the - way things:出去-的-是的-路面一些事情
The region is typical overriding obduction region, and the reseach results have representative and catholicness.
该区域作为重置诱导的典型地区，其研究成果具有代表性和普遍性。
overriding obduction:重置诱导
They carried on their research work in a systematic and well organized manner.
他们系统地、有组织地进行着科研工作。
organized:有组织
She had screamed and jeered, insisting he resell his ticket and get the money back.
她又叫又嚷，坚持，非要他把彩票转卖了把钱弄回来不可。
insisting:坚持
Bi Sheng invented the movable - type printing. The technique of block printing reached its stage of maturity
毕发明了活字印刷，雕版印刷技术也成熟度。
maturity:成熟度
No self - respecting doctor would refuse to treat a sick person.
凡是有自尊心的医生都不会对病人散布到处理的。
efuse to treat:散布到处理
The strike with acerb contradictory conflict, massive capital, shut out, make both sides of capital internecine.
尖锐的劳资矛盾冲突、大规模的罢工、闭厂，使得劳资双方内分泌物。
internecine:内分泌物
Only trained and certified emergency responders should respond to emergency situations.
只有训练及证明的被认可的紧急反应人员才可以对紧急形势做出反应。
trained and certified:训练及证明
She had grown impatient with him - the gentleman for not responding to her charms.
她对他不耐烦了 ― ―这位老爷对她的魅力无动于衷。
charms:魅力
Gerty's compassionate instincts, responding to the swift call of habit, swept aside all her reluctances.
葛泰天赋的同情心立即被职业习惯唤醒，敌对的情绪扫除放开。
swept aside:扫除放开
I don't know what is on his mind; he always looks restless.
不知他有什么事，老是不耐烦的样子。
restless:不耐烦
He has been very restless all day and he awoke nearly all last night.
他一整天都不耐烦，昨夜几乎一整夜没有合眼。
restless:不耐烦
The city council has done its best to restore our belief in their honesty, but many people still have their
市政委员会有已完成它的最好的让我们重新相信它是诚实的，但仍有许多人持怀疑态度。
has done its best:有已完成它的最好的
He feels completely restored in health after a period of intensive care.
经过一段时间的激进照顾，他的精神才恢复正常。
intensive care:激进照顾
With Image Doctor, restoring that precious old shot is a breeze.
与医生的形象，恢复珍贵的老开枪是一件微风的。
a breeze:微风
Every member of ASEAN and carrying on reforms and restructures in many areas boldly and resolutely.
东盟及其各成员国大胆地及坚决地地进行了各方面的改革和调整。
boldly and resolutely:大胆地及坚决地
Ironically, the success of the control programs is partly to blame for the resurgence of malaria.
令人讽刺的是的是，这种控制计划的成功要对疟疾的卷土重来负一定的责任。
Ironically:讽刺的是
But it wasn't always plain - sailing for the Nigerian striker.
但是对于这位尼日尼亚前锋来说，事业并非平坦-航海。
plain - sailing:平坦-航海
He could then have proceeded at his leisure, retaining or removing as suited his plans.
然后，他可以按计划，在他的休闲地保留或撤换人员。
at his leisure:在他的休闲
Eventually, judicial proof is the process of rethinking and tracing the truth.
最终，司法证明是对“真”的反思和回溯的过程。
Eventually:最终
Becky: She loves nit - pick 10 and criticizes everything that I do.
她喜欢尼特，批评我做的每件事情。
nit:尼特
The ship was buried, beyond retrieval, at the bottom of the sea.
船已是埋葬，无法打捞。
was buried:是埋葬
Instead, we hand the user the storage system and call it a retrieval system.
相反,，我们把这个存储系统直接交给了使用者，并把它称为“检索系统”。
Instead:相反,
It was odd that in retrospect they both seemed equally dreary.
回味起来，奇怪的是，它们显得同等地沉闷。
dreary:沉闷
That bookstore would not accept returns, even ones in good condition.
那家书店不接受退还的书，即使是在好的条件的书也不要。
in good condition:在好的条件
When returning back, he discovered the room to be in disorder.
回家后，他发现屋子里在混乱。
in disorder:在混乱
We tried our best to head Henry off the topic, because we knew he'd reveal confidential information.
我们竭力把亨利从那个话题上扯开，因为我们知道那样谈下去他会揭示保密。
reveal confidential:揭示保密
The new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol, but there are practical things too.
市上大批新的定做的皮衣中有许多是 folderol的，但也有一些实用的东西。
folderol:folderol
It might have seemed that this revelation would have marked a drop.
那么现在的说明照理会有标记降落。
have marked a drop:有标记降落
Predictions of nasty weather and impenetrable crowds seem to have dissuaded some would - be revelers.
糟糕的天气和不可穿透的人群看样子击退了一些可能前往的狂欢者。
impenetrable:不可穿透
Your way of doing things at the moment seems to be a reversal of the order of host and guest.
你现在的作法似乎是逆转的是的命令的主机及客人。
a reversal of the order of host and guest:逆转的是的命令的主机及客人
In the developed countries, there is an effective financial instrument for pension, the reverse mortgage.
在发达国家有一种有效的养老金融产品 —— 反向抵押贷款。
effective:有效
While others reviled him, Mr Putin stood by Mr Lukashenka during his rigged re - election last year.
去年进行的二度选举，其他被嘲笑他的卢卡申科得到了普金的支持，并通过幕后操纵获胜。
others reviled him:其他被嘲笑他
All attempts to revive the fishing industry were foredoomed to failure.
所有企图振兴渔业注定徒劳无功。
All attempts:所有企图
All attempts to revive the fishing industry were foredoomed to failure.
千方百计振兴渔业注定失败。
failure:失败
Her tendency to discover a touch of sadness had for the nonce disappeared.
她往日那种淡淡的忧伤现在消失了了。
disappeared:消失了
As markets tighten, creditors will also be less willing to refinance wobbling companies.
随着市场的紧缩，投资人也不太愿意给颤抖的公司再投资。
wobbling:颤抖
Conclusion: RFA therapy is a feasible and effective method in treating the cervical pregnancy.
结论: RFA是治疗宫颈妊娠的一项有效的措施。
effective:有效
Likes the nature the breath, the creek murmur bicker, the bird sounds.
喜欢大自然的气息，小河是的河流莫尔莫尔打架者声，鸟儿鸣叫。
the creek murmur bicker:是的河流莫尔莫尔打架者
As the peace talks limp on, the insurgency is getting stronger.
随着和平谈判缓慢发展，叛乱事件却获得更强地演变着。
getting stronger:获得更强
Somewhere far away an automobile started, nagged and failed, nagged and failed, fell still.
不知在远处的什么地方，一辆汽车一会儿起动，一会儿熄火，一会儿起动，一会儿熄火，终于掉落仍旧了。
fell still:掉落仍旧
It's been a nail-biting couple of weeks waiting for my results.
这两个星期等结果，弄得我咬指甲。
nail-biting:咬指甲
The two finalists are well matched and It'should result in nail - biting finish to the tournament.
就好像是两个好的相匹配的重量级选手在冠军争夺赛中的第六轮或第七轮比赛。
well matched:好的相匹配
Mike hit the nail head in his speech on the demerits of the existing housing policy.
迈克在演讲中，击中是的钉子头地指出了当前房屋政策的弊端。
hit the nail head:击中是的钉子头
It's naive of you to believe he'll do what he says.
相信他会做什么?他说，你未免太单纯了。
do what he says:做什么?他说
The musical fountain after nightfall, with the symphony and dance rhythms.
入夜后的音乐喷泉，随着交响乐的节奏而舞蹈。
dance:舞蹈
Attempts to sign big names like Deco or Franck Ribery have been half - hearted.
对于要签入大牌球星，比如德科或者里贝里，都是一半-有心。
half - hearted:一半-有心
With it's full granaries, the area is rich in rice and fish.
这一带都是仓禀殷实的是的区域是富人在稻米及鱼。
the area is rich in rice and fish:是的区域是富人在稻米及鱼
The horror of this, so nakedly terrifying, held them all silent.
该事之恐怖，实在令人可怕，他们都吓得一声不吭。
terrifying:可怕
The beggar went from rags to riches overnight after winning the lottery.
这个乞丐赢了乐透后，一夜之间从穷人变成富人。
overnight:一夜之间
In the contest he was paired up with an opponent about his equal.
在比赛中，他被安排跟一个与他实力是双胞胎高的人对阵。
was paired up:是双胞胎高
We naturally associate the name of Darwin with the doctrine of evolution.
我们自然地把达尔文的名字与进化论联系在一起。
naturally:自然
There are always riff - raffs hanging around Jason's home givesthethat Jason is not a good guy.
杰森家里总来些里夫-抽奖的人，可想而知杰森不是什么好东西。
riff - raffs:里夫-抽奖
I suppose "Independence Day" is too dignified a name for such a joyful holiday.
我以为这么个高兴的日子叫独立日，未免太严肃。
joyful:高兴
Jn .7 For on behalf of the Name they went out, taking nothing from the Gentiles.
约参7因他们是为那名出外，对于外邦人采纳没什么。
taking nothing:采纳没什么
She's the sort of woman who always says the right things.
她是一个说话总能是的右一些事情的女人。
the right things:是的右一些事情
These four crooked ministers are jealous of real talent and block righteous conduct.
这四个贼臣弄权，嫉妒的真正的天赋，闭塞贤路。
jealous of real talent:嫉妒的真正的天赋
Sequoia can rightfully claim to be an eco - compatible fabric.
红杉可以正确地地声称自己是一个生态兼容的织物。
rightfully:正确地
There was, of course, jubilation in the Ferrari camp and rightfully so.
当然，法拉利营地中一片欢喜。
jubilation:欢喜
Communicative and semantive translation bifurcate at a later stage of analytical or cognitive translation.
交际翻译和语义翻译在认知翻译的后阶段分开。
bifurcate:分开
He is a scholar in name only, but not in reality.
他只是个在名字只有,但不在现实的学者。
in name only, but not in reality:在名字只有,但不在现实
He is leader in name only: his deputy has effectively taken over.
他不过是个应名儿领导，他的副手实际上已被采纳以上。
taken over:被采纳以上
But there is actually little chance of the Big Three presenting Congress with any'credible'plans.
但实际上三巨头向国会提交任何 “令人信服 ” 的计划的可能性很小机会。
little chance:很小机会
She accused the government of a cowardly surrender to big - business interests.
她指责政府懦弱屈从于大企业的利益。
cowardly:懦弱
They argued that only a negligible rise in atmosphere radioactivity resulted from the test.
他们辩解说，由这次试验所造成的大气层放射活动的增加是微不足道的。
negligible:微不足道
He is never tensed up or nervous before a big event.
他在重大事件之前从不会紧张。
nervous:紧张
I looked at her, dumb and wolfish. She at once enraged and shamed me.
我愚蠢，凶狠狠地望着她，她叫我气愤，又使我羞惭。
dumb:愚蠢
Named and optional parameters are really two distinct features, but are often useful together.
命名参数和可选参数是两个分开的功能，但通常一起使用。
distinct:分开
John wore the coat to school the next day and came home a big grin.
约翰第二天就穿着那件大衣上学去了，回来的时候大微笑的。
a big grin:大微笑
John wore the coat to school the next day and came home wearing a big grin.
第二天约翰就穿着它去上学了.放学回来他穿着大微笑。
wearing a big grin:穿着大微笑
He risked losing everything this time to regain what he had lost in the gambling.
为了赢回在赌博中失去的东西，他在是的赌博。
in the gambling:在是的赌博
It was vague, intangible, appealing only to some strange, nameless sixth sense.
这桩事是模糊、不可捉摸的，只有通过什么不可思议，难以名状的第六感觉才会领会。
vague:模糊
It was vague, intangible, appealing only to some strange, nameless sixth sense.
这桩事是虚无缥缈、无形的，只有通过什么不可思议，难以名状的第六感觉才会领会。
intangible:无形
It was vague, intangible, appealing only to some strange, nameless sixth sense.
这桩事是虚无缥缈、不可捉摸的，只有通过什么奇怪，难以名状的第六感觉才会领会。
strange:奇怪
It was vague, intangible, appealing only to some strange, nameless sixth sense.
这桩事是虚无缥缈、不可捉摸的，只有通过什么不可思议，无名的第六感觉才会领会。
nameless:无名
Your big mouth and glib tongue are spouting all kinds of nonsense.
你只靠一张油嘴，愚蠢。
nonsense:愚蠢
He tossed and turned in bed after winning a big prize, too excited to fall asleep.
他中了大奖以后，兴奋得投掷及转动在床难以入睡。
tossed and turned in bed:投掷及转动在床
This is how nations go to war, and how relationships end acrimoniously.
这就是国家发生战争、关系关系结束悲伤地的原因所在。
relationships end acrimoniously:关系结束悲伤地
Due being big size andthe Banyan tree developed vanity and at heart. So it became proud.
由于榕树长得虚荣，十分茂盛，因此心生虚荣自负之情，并变得越来越傲慢。
vanity:虚荣
The New York ritual was precise and inflexible in such matters.
在这种事情上纽约的礼仪既精确又一成不变。
precise:精确
The New York ritual was precise and inflexible in such matters.
在这种事情上纽约的礼仪既一丝不苟又不灵活。
inflexible:不灵活
As a book of reference for students of English, this dictionary is without a rival.
作为英语系学生的参考书，这部辞典是没有竞争者的。
without a rival:没有竞争者
It is noticeable that women do not have the rivalry that men have.
值得注意的，女性不像男人们那样好勇斗狠。
noticeable:值得注意的
It is noticeable that women do not have the rivalry that men have.
显而易见，女性不像男人们那样有是的竞争。
have the rivalry:有是的竞争
The last chapter was so riveting that I was reading past midnight.
最后一章是如此拉链，以至于午夜过后我还在津津有味地读着。
riveting:拉链
The last chapter was so riveting that I was reading past midnight.
最后一章是如此引人入胜，以至于午夜过后我还在拉链地读着。
riveting:拉链
Which is better? Suppose the founder wants to retire to the Riviera.
哪一个更好些呢 ?假设创始人想退休，到里维埃拉退休。
retire:退休
On the sixth day a band of visitors suddenly blundered into Nana's idyl.
到了第六天，有一队来玩的客人突然地闯进了娜娜的田园来。
suddenly:突然
His eyes meet yours across a crowded room - is that the look of love?
在一间拥挤的屋子里，他的眼神与你相遇，是是的看的爱吗?
the look of love:是的看的爱
Changdao of Shandong Province and Laotieshan of Liaoning Province face each other across a great distance.
山东省的长岛和辽宁省的老铁山面孔每个其他。
face each other:面孔每个其他
She has been on an ego trip since she sang on television.
她上电视台唱过歌之后就一直上一个自我。
on an ego:上一个自我
Samuuel lived long enough to see the winds of change that swept across the world.
塞缪尔活到足以看到席卷世界的是的风的改变的年纪。
the winds of change:是的风的改变
Davidson remained in his chair and with abstracted eyes stared at the table.
戴维逊仍然坐在椅子里，抽象在盯着桌子。
abstracted:抽象
Chinese State Media Goes Global: A Great Leap Outward for Chinese Soft Power?
中国国营媒体走向全球: 中国软实力的一次A伟大的跳跃?
A Great Leap:A伟大的跳跃
When he was pressed to the wall, his romantic streak surfaced.
当他被逼得是按到是的墙壁时，他略带浪漫色彩的气质就会表现出来了。
was pressed to the wall:是按到是的墙壁
I acted out a pantomine more eloquent than my most expressive words.
我扮演的哑剧比我最富表现力的语言还要表达式。
expressive:表达式
The estate agent described this little house as a desirable bijou residence.
房地产经纪人说这所小房子是一处理想很小的住所。
little:很小
Scarlett wanted to giggle at her discomfiture, for Rhett had caught her fairly.
思嘉看见她这副不整容忍不住要笑出声来，因为瑞德抓住她的要害了。
discomfiture:不整容
It's a beautiful, wild trail for hikers, bikers, horseback riders and canal lovers.
该运河对远足者，骑马者和运河爱好者来说是条美丽的，野趣十足的路线。
beautiful:美丽的
With the internet fast developping, net inbreak action have been serious increasingly.
随着互联网络的飞速发展，网络入侵行为严肃的日益增加。
serious increasingly:严肃的日益增加
Once you begin to take action, it adds a raw & passionateanimal magnetism to your personality.
一旦你开始行动，它就会增加你最本真最热烈的性格。
personality:性格
However, love needs carrier And all of your sound, action and smile cover love.
但爱需要载体，你的行动、一颦一笑都承载着幸福的爱。
action:行动
Before action they may image all the negative results and be on thorns.
采取行动之前，他会想像一切负面的结果，感到是上棘。
be on thorns:是上棘
All of the great action and mind have an inappreciable beginning.
一切伟大的行动和思想，都有一个不可估量的开始。
inappreciable:不可估量
This, coupled with brisk action drama, and large movements of the head of a well - deserved reputation.
爽快的动作再配合剧情，动作大片的名头好的-值得的名誉。
well - deserved reputation:好的-值得的名誉
Violent and sensual, HitFile is a unique new Asian action film with a distinctive Thai identity.
暴力和色情，《杀手生涯》是一个独特的亚洲动作新片，但是又带有辨别性的泰国味道。
distinctive:辨别性
There is a picked body of heroes who reserve themselves for great occasions.
他身边还有一批经过精心挑选的勇士，这些勇士们保留他们自己，以待所用。
reserve themselves:保留他们自己
Bilaterally symmetrical, the nose is definitely the mole's most striking feature.
鼻子无疑是是这种鼹鼠最引人注目的特点。
striking:引人注目
The boy also likes action movie, because he thinks that it's exciting.
那还喜欢看动作片，觉得动作片很令人兴奋。
exciting:令人兴奋
We have a ten - point emergency action plan for America.
我们对美国有一个紧急情况的行动计划。
emergency:紧急情况
Well - knowing about sales action plan and marketing strategy implementation.
熟悉销售行动计划和市场营销策略的执行。
implementation:执行
It is an eternal truth that facts speak louder than words.
用事实来说话是事实说话更响亮比词汇的真理。
facts speak louder than words:事实说话更响亮比词汇
She was not the kind to be seriously disturbed by his actions.
她不是那种会被他的行为弄得很认真令人不安的人。
seriously disturbed:很认真令人不安
If your actions and words contrast with one another, you will be viewed as insincere.
如果你行动及词汇对比与一个另一个，别人就认为你虚假。
actions and words contrast with one another:行动及词汇对比与一个另一个
The bilk activity that uses Internet to undertake emerges in endlessly, pattern face - lifting is ceaseless.
利用互联网进行的诈骗活动出现在无休止地，花样翻新不断。
emerges in endlessly:出现在无休止地
Only the needed part of the code remains active; the rest is somehow mysteriously switched off.
密码中只有需要的部分发挥作用，而其它部分则不知怎么神秘地地失去了作用。
somehow mysteriously:不知怎么神秘地
Many are shoddily made, containing the wrong dose of the active ingredient.
很多假药都是是粗鲁地所作的的，所含活性成分剂量有误。
are shoddily made:是粗鲁地所作的
That's a smart move because it could make NAO a de facto standard.
这是一个聪明移动，因为它可以使NAO成为一个事实上的标准。
a smart move:聪明移动
Naomi Watts managed to pull off this daring powder blue dress.
内奥米·沃兹身上的这条特别的浅灰蓝色长裙勇敢。
daring:勇敢
The doctrine has no objective other than the declared, straightforward one of charting future company policy.
那份文件只有一个目的，就是指导公司未来的政策，那是文件直截了当地阐明了的。
straightforward:直截了当
In those villages, the destruction caused by napalm bombs was so appalling that one could hardly bear the sight of it.
在那些村庄里，凝固汽油弹造成的破坏景象几乎没有熊猫是的视力的它。
hardly bear the sight of it:几乎没有熊猫是的视力的它
It makes the hairs at the nape of the neck bristle.
这使人是的头发在是的鼻孔的是的颈部毛细毛。
the hairs at the nape of the neck bristle:是的头发在是的鼻孔的是的颈部毛细毛
One of the most important principles un - derlying the conduct of war has to be pro - activeness.
打仗最重要的一条原则，是先发制人，解散-潜伏的是的行为的战争有到是支持者-积极性。
un - derlying the conduct of war has to be pro - activeness:解散-潜伏的是的行为的战争有到是支持者-积极性
Go to your mother's house for afternoon naps and never come back!
如果有人敢午休，那就马上永远来吧背面，永远不要再回实验室!
never come back:永远来吧背面
After Napster's music website was shut down, many other websites have taken its place.
Napster音乐网站关闭后，有许多其他网站被采纳它的放置。
taken its plac:被采纳它的放置
Technical onrush always is billow forward, vast and mighty, cannot hold back.
技术洪流总是滚滚向前，庞大及极强，无法阻挡。
vast and mighty:庞大及极强
Why can't learning knowledge be as pleasant and enchanting as entertainment?
为什么学习知识不能和娱乐一样令人令人愉快及迷人、心醉神迷?
pleasant and enchanting:令人愉快及迷人
Why can't learning knowledge be as pleasant and enchanting as entertainment?
为什么学习知识不能和娱乐一样令人乐而忘倦、迷人如娱乐?
enchanting as entertainment:迷人如娱乐
A suspected senior member of one of Mexico's major drugs cartels has been arrested, officials say.
墨西哥官员称，一名疑似某大型贩毒团伙的高级成员有是的被捕。
has been arrested:有是的被捕
Her mother's voice in the corridor roused her from an angry trance.
她气得一个生气沉睡，是她妈妈在走廊里的声音唤醒了她。
an angry trance:一个生气沉睡
He drove the police car at full throttle and dashed at the gangsters.
他驾驶着警车在完全喷气管向匪徒冲去。
at full throttle:在完全喷气管
A fugitive drug trafficker was captured after two decades on the run.
一名逃亡的毒贩在逃亡二十年后被是被捕了。
was captured:是被捕
The boxer turned aside the sudden blow with his left arm.
拳击手用左臂挡开了突然的一击。
sudden:突然
About juvenile boxer - turned sports agent and trouble to overcome the difficulties, the success story.
讲述少管所出身的拳击选手和落难的体育经纪人克服是的困难，获得成功的故事。
the difficulties:是的困难
Robb - style aspiration tends toward the toys -- boys variety, a sector just getting going in China.
那些向往《罗博报告》所定位生活方式的人群也喜欢一些独特的 “玩具”，而这类“玩具”在中国可谓获得去。
getting going:获得去
Martin waited impatiently while she dried and put on a robe.
马丁等待不耐烦地地等着，西莉亚擦干全身，披上晨衣。
waited impatiently:等待不耐烦地
The desperate dragon accepts the help of the great lion Aslan, king of Narnia.
绝望的龙得到纳尼亚之王──狮子亚斯兰的帮助。
desperate:绝望
The richness of his novel comes from his narration of it.
他小说的财富得益于他的叙述。
richness:财富
Hopeful young actors and actresses dazzled by the glamour of hollywood.
在好莱坞电影业闪耀的的诱惑之下有前途的年轻演员。
dazzled:闪耀的
It gave him such a shock that his face turned white.
这件事使他如震动，脸都白了。
such a shock:如震动
One kick sent its door flying off its hinges and Rocco sprang into the room.
他踢球，门脱开铰链，抛到老远的地方去了;罗科纵身一跳，跳进了屋子。
kick:踢球
These strategy cause calm and objective narrative style, and make her a particular authoress.
这些叙事策略促成冷静客观的叙事风格，使之成为特别的女作家。
particular:特别
Both are marked by skepticism toward truth, objectivity, and coherent narratives.
这两者之所以受重视在于它们对真理，客观性，与一致的说明抱持怀疑论。
coherent:一致
Do you like the songs by Bing Crosby? His music is soothing.
你喜欢宾.克罗斯比唱的歌吗 ?他的作品令人安慰。
soothing:安慰
Carrie troubled over it in her rocking - chair for days.
嘉莉坐在摇椅里，为这事麻烦了好几天。
troubled:麻烦
Reorganization and consolidation following the Second Fulton Report provided the conditions for further advances.
第二份《富尔敦报告书》发表后，大学再度重组整合，更进一步进度。
further advances:更进一步进度
Director arranged an unknown actress to play the role of queen Victoria.
导演安排了一位未知的演员扮演维多利亚女皇。
unknown:未知
Binge - eating is bad for one's health. Besides, it will make you fat.
賓格-吃对健康不利，也容易发胖啊。
Binge - eating:賓格-吃
Denying yourself your favorite foods can lead to binge eating and, ultimately, discouragement.
对你自己喜欢的食物进行节制可能会导致吃，而最终受挫。
binge eating:吃
Without saying a word, she got on her bicycle and rode off.
她没有说词语，骑着自行车走了。
Without saying a word:没有说词语
Emphasizing his opposition to the Iraq war, he defeated Rodham Clinton after a long, primary fight.
他强调反对伊拉克战争，在一场长,初级的初选争夺战中，他击败了希拉里-克林顿。
long, primary:长,初级
A craving usually just gets worse, She says and it could lead to binging.
渴望通常只会愈演愈烈，她说，它会导致抢劫。
binging:抢劫
He was saved from those savage beasts by a narrow margin.
他从那些猛兽口中是保存从。
was saved from:是保存从
Narrow - mindedly, the authorities closed down the cafe where teenagers used to hang out.
政府当局关闭了那家青少年经常光顾的咖啡馆，真是狭窄-有意识地。
Narrow - mindedly:狭窄-有意识地
So vast a sum, all in actual cash, seemed next to incredible.
钱数多不说，又全是现金，真让人不可思议。
incredible:不可思议
Rogge has also shrugged off concerns over China's human rights record.
罗格对中国的人权的(不良)记录同样 shrugged取消。
shrugged off:shrugged取消
The rogue swore against the young man, saying he was a thief.
那个流氓诬赖那个年轻人，说他是小偷。
saying:说
The rogues looked at each other, but swallowed the home - thrust in silence.
那些恶棍看在每个其他，但只好默默咽下这正中要害的话。
looked at each other:看在每个其他
Hainan Island has the national unique tropics Binhai tourist resources, the ecological environment is good.
海南岛拥有全国唯一的的热带滨海旅游资源，生态环境良好。
unique:唯一的
Inquiring deeply into the things will be useful for us to approach Huang BinHong.
寻根溯源，对于走近黄宾虹，无疑是有用的。
be useful:是有用的
He actualizes his own unprecedented uniqueness and appreciates the uniqueness of others.
他必须充分发挥自己巨大的个性潜能，并懂得赞赏他人的独特性之处。
uniqueness:独特性
These observations may seem commonplace, but they are actually quite profound.
以上观点看似普通，但实则意义深远。
commonplace:普通
It is actually the possession and retreat of a thundering absolute crocodile.
它实际上确是一条闪烁--鳄鱼--独占的栖所。
thundering:闪烁
Nevertheless, the gap between her guilty self and her husband was narrower than she had dreamed.
无论如何，她的罪犯自我之身和她丈夫的差距是缩小了，这毕竟是她做梦也想不到的。
guilty self:罪犯自我
This was not a recipe for success in a world full of egoistic and suspicious nation - states.
在一个由充满自私及怀疑和怀疑的国家组成的世界里，这不是一个成功的窍门。
egoistic and suspicious:自私及怀疑
Certainly nation - states remain important – some, of course, more than others.
当然，民族国家仍然是一个重要的因素——一些国家当然比另一些国家更处于强势。
Certainly:当然
Although marriage a commonly world phenomenon, it means differently from nation to nation.
尽管婚姻是世界各民族的普遍现象，但各民族婚姻所承载的意义却不同。
differently:不同
Mrs. Butler was sitting in rotund complacency at the foot of the table.
巴特勒太太在圆形自满地坐在桌子的末端。
in rotund complacency:在圆形自满
Ad sales have always gone up and down with the economy.
广告销售一直就是随着经济而已故高及倒下的。
gone up and down:已故高及倒下
Incremental revenues are only one reason these companies are taking the plunge into cross - media ad sales.
增量收入是这些公司在多媒体广告销售上采纳是的沉浸的唯一理由。
taking the plunge:采纳是的沉浸
Lin Gan warns that China's drive towards bioenergy should not overlook the poor.
甘霖表示中国开发生物能源不应忽视贫困是的穷人的需求。
the poor:是的穷人
It was a rough but plentiful dinner with a rough country wine.
这尽管是一顿粗糙，但很丰盛，而且还辅以乡间酿制的土酒。
rough:粗糙
Should the weather be rough, we won't be able to go riding.
万一是天气是粗糙的天气，我们就不能去骑马。
weather be rough:天气是粗糙
She doesn't know at all about the life round of a fly.
她对苍蝇的生命周期不是知道在所有。
doesn't know at all:不是知道在所有
Between a night, the whole nation must fear the milk sickness.
兩者夜，全国人民得了恐奶症。
Between a night:兩者夜
Note: Figures may not add up their totals due to rounding.
注: 因轮廓关系，各项数字相加或与总计数字略有出入。
rounding:轮廓
Note: Figures may not add up their totals due to rounding.
注: 因四舍五入关系，各项数字相加或与总计数字可以不。
may not:可以不
Activity the live physique, rouses pulls oneself together respectively makes an each matter to go.
舒活舒活筋骨，抖擞蜜蜂引力自己一起，各做各的一份儿事去。
rouses pulls oneself together:蜜蜂引力自己一起
It is not altogether easy to follow the rather complex deductions of Rousseau.
要追随卢梭那种相当复杂的推论过程绝非轻松之事。
easy:轻松
The enemy troops were put to rout all along the line.
敌军已是放到路所有沿着是的线。
were put to rout all along the line:是放到路所有沿着是的线
Rovers had their chances but they could hardly complain about the result.
布莱克本其中有不少机会但他们对此结果也只得几乎没有抱怨。
hardly complain:几乎没有抱怨
They are rowing quite within themselves, in very good time, and have the race in hand.
他们在非常好的时间地划着船向前疾驶，胜利已在掌握之中。
in very good time:在非常好的时间
Lao Wang, though in his sixties, is concerned about national affairs.
已经到了在他的六十年代的老王，还经常关心国家大事。
in his sixties:在他的六十年代
Therefore, based on self - dependence, foreign opening will be further one of our national based policies.
所以，在自我-依赖的基础上，我们把进一步对外开放作为我们的一项基本国策。
self - dependence:自我-依赖
Royalty had lost its grace and sweetness; its pomps became a reproach.
国王身份已经失去了光彩，失去了甜蜜的滋味; 那些泵的排场已经成了一种羞辱。
pomps:泵
The company said that the introduction of the national investment plan for company is self - evident good.
该公司负责人表示，此次国家出台的投资计划对于公司利好自我-明显。
self - evident:自我-明显
The general idea is set - up now, just remember to adapt and counter.
这里只是给出个总得思想，只要记住到适应来抵抗就好。
to adapt:到适应
Candidates will be considered without respect to race, colour, religion, national origin or gender.
候选人无论种族，肤色，宗教信仰，国籍和性别，都将是考虑。
be considered:是考虑
Biodiesel fuelling stations, such as those for BioWillie, are popping up around in America.
而像“生物Willie”这样的生物柴油加油站也正在全美范围如跳跃高般蓬勃发展。
popping up:跳跃高
On that day the National Socialists destroyed synagogues settingon fire, and murdered countless people.
在那一天，纳粹破坏教堂，并毁灭，杀害无数的人。
destroyed:毁灭
Selected condoms are colored and flavored to add extra fun to your love life.
各种颜色的安全套，配上各种不同的香味，性生活就这样增加额外有趣。
add extra fun:增加额外有趣
It was fretted and over - stimulated and inflamed and fored into the nationalist mould.
它被是烦躁，被过度刺激，被煽动和强迫纳入民族主义的模型。
was fretted:是烦躁
Nationalistic tendencies have hindered the world's ability to address developing countries'interests.
民族主义的趋势使世界保护发展中国家利益的能力妨碍。
hindered:妨碍
Early biographers didn't hesitate to make up an admirable story or two about their hero.
早期的传记作家常不惜做u，编造出一两个与英雄人物有关的美妙故事来。
make u:做u
The Chinese people perseveringly support the just struggles of the oppressed people and nations the world over.
中国人民斗争地支持全世界被压迫人民和民族的正义斗争。
struggles:斗争
Test items are presented in various native - speaker voices that are distinct from examiner voice.
将测试题目念出来的声音是好多种英语本地人士的语音，这些声音与考官的声音分开。
distinct:分开
Natty, brave, kindly, and illiterate hovers between the two worlds of Indian and white man.
勇敢、善良、文盲的纳蒂，徘徊于印第安人与白人世界之间。
illiterate:文盲
It is regarded as a natural behavior that a man helps the old go downstairs.
帮助老人下楼被认为是自然的行为。
natural:自然
It's very natural to feel nervous when you go to a new school.
你去一所新学校读书时感到紧张是很正常的。
nervous:紧张
Natural color has given way to such Bright - colored artificial dyestuff in effectiveness.
面对如此明亮-有色的人工染料，自然色彩已俯首称臣。
Bright - colored:明亮-有色
President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address is widely read for their gifted literary expression.
林肯总统的《格蒂斯堡演讲词》也因其有天赋的文采而广为人们所诵读。
gifted:有天赋
He said something unprintable and vile, but addressed to no one.
他说了一些不可打印的脏话，但并非是针对任何人说的。
unprintable:不可打印
This natural wonder's unparalleled beauty inspired the U.S. government to create the world's first national park.
这一自然奇观以其不可比拟的的美景促使美国政府辟建了世界上第一个国家公园。
unparalleled:不可比拟的
Now, are report published in Naturale Biotechnology describes two formally formerly unknown bacterial enzymes.
如今，发表于《自然生物学》上的一篇报告描述了两种以前未知的细菌酶。
unknown:未知
Bird - like lungs could have helped the biggest dinosaurs reach their astonishing size, say scientists.
根据英国卫报报导，科学家认为像鸟一样的肺部，可能是让恐龙惊奇大小的最大帮手。
astonishing size:惊奇大小
You can't get up that naturalness and artless rosy tint in after days.
你今后不再会有这种自然和无艺术品的红润脸色。
artless:无艺术品
Where is the man in Goethe, in his birdlike lyrics or in his clumsy prose?
在歌德的作品中，所谓“其人”在哪里?是在他那婉转悦耳的抒情诗里，还是在他那笨拙的散文里?
clumsy:笨拙
A birdwatcher an eye on his activities with his large binoculars. Nobody really knows why.
一个鸟类观察者用他的大望远镜观察他的活动，没人知道为什么。
activities:活动
He can be very rube in private, though he is usually polite in public.
他私下可能很粗鲁，但在大众面前通常礼貌。
polite:礼貌
Consider how much intellect was needed in the architect, and how much observance of nature (John Ruskin)
试想从事建筑需要多少智力，以及对大自然的观察 (约翰拉斯金)
intellect:智力
Happiness acts as the Rubik's Cube hold in Christopher's little hands, changeful yet colorful.
幸福像克里斯托弗小手中紧握的魔方，富于变化，然有色。
colorful:有色
Rucker restructured his contract to stay with the Panthers, then started his grueling rehab.
洛克修改了合同条款以便留在黑豹队，随后开始了令人苦恼的恢复训练。
grueling:苦恼
He was too buoyant, too full of ruddy life, too assured.
他太轻浮快活，太爱也完全的 ruddy生命，又太自信了。
too full of ruddy life:也完全的 ruddy生命
He could laugh good - naturedly, a little smugly, at whatever was conspicuous.
他看到任何标新立异的事，总会笑好的-自然而然，并无恶意。
laugh good - naturedly:笑好的-自然而然
He had always been irreligious, scoffing good - naturedly at the sky - pilots and their immortality of the soul.
他一向不信宗教，对于引人进入天国的人和他们的灵魂不问一向好的-自然而然地嗤之以鼻。
good - naturedly:好的-自然而然
He had always been irreligious, scoffing good - naturedly at the sky - pilots and their immortality of the soul.
他一向不信宗教，对于引人进入天国的人和他们的灵魂不问一向心平气和地嘲笑。
scoffing:嘲笑
There are some natures that are improved and softened by prosperity and kindness.
世上有一些人的性格，成功和仁慈使它们更加温和敦厚，仁慈。
kindness:仁慈
Ruff series looks like pure white, has the feel of solid wood.
木纹系列纯净，具有实木质感。
pure:纯净
He's making a list, checking it twice, gonna find out who's naughty or nice.
禅师正在列一个清单，检查它两次想要找出谁淘气了谁乖乖。
checking it twice:检查它两次
The future of the island is bound up with the fortunes of the ruling power.
这个岛的前景与其掌权者的命运是束缚高。
is bound up:是束缚高
You can't stop going with an old friend on account of rumors.
你不能因为谣言就和一个老朋友停止去与。
stop going with:停止去与
Even if the economics stack up, however, Nautilus and Neptune must overcome concerns over environmental damage.
即使经济上的问题堆栈高，鹦鹉螺与海王星公司仍必须克服人们对于环境破坏的关注。
stack up:堆栈高
Her last adjuration to daughter was to escape from dinginess if she could.
她对女儿最后的叮嘱是要如果她可以摆脱这种困难。
if she could:如果她可以
Where the deficiencies of the airport lay were in operating areas, notably runways and taxiways.
这个机场容量是的缺点在操作区域，特别是跑道和滑行道。
the deficiencies:是的缺点
Their reason: There were complaints from customers and staff about rude comments being made in Navajo.
他们的理由是: 顾客和员工都抱怨有人用纳瓦霍语无礼地评论是所作的。
comments being made:评论是所作的
After a time Watson's young affections changed, and one day he described the rupture to Philip.
过了不久，沃森就感情改变了了，一天他给菲利浦讲了他们是怎么断绝关系的。
affections changed:感情改变了
The spring tension is adjusted by screwing the plug in or out.
春天的紧张是调整拧插头或调出。
tension:紧张
On the other side of the lake the Star Gazer saw a beautiful castle, splendidly illuminated.
望星人看见湖对岸有一个美妙地照亮的美丽城堡。
splendidly illuminated:美妙地照亮
Once the impediments are completely removed, you can make all the adjustments you need.
一旦这个障碍被除去了，你便能够你需要地开始调整自己。
you need:你需要
Nowhere is this more apparent than the ambitious plans of the navies of the countries.
再也没有比些国家野心的的海军计划更显而易见的了。
ambitious:野心的
Nowhere is this more apparent than the ambitious plans of the navies of the countries.
再也没有比些国家雄心勃勃的海军计划更明显的了。
apparent:明显
If the machinery were not maintained properly, It would get rusty as time passes.
机器要不好好养护，如时间通行证就要生锈。
as time passes:如时间通行证
Scientists actually know little about how animals perform their navigational feats.
科学家们对动物的这种导航绝技却是知道很小的。
know little:知道很小
Headgesture: 13456 Shaking head shows probability, hesitation, carelessness, or even a homosexual or bisexual person.
将头左右摆动、表示也许、犹豫、差不多、马马虎虎、不大清楚，甚至还表示同性恋或阴阳人。
hesitation:犹豫
It has become an effective to enhance the business administration level.
实践证明，建立有效的信息管理系统是提高企业管理水平的有效武器。
effective:有效
The tentacle may and be only a pseudomorph, unbearable admonishes Italy.
。触角只是假象、咫尺天涯才是箴意。
The tentacle:。触角
Meanwhile, the government also played a certain role in the nexus.
同时，这一部分也起到了一定的是的联网的作用。
the nexus:是的联网
Victory was near. But the power of the Ring could not be undone.
胜利终于在望，但是至尊魔戒的力量可以不是取消。
could not be undone:可以不是取消
Japan additional pain as the yen continued to strengthen dollar, trading near 13 - year highs.
由于日圆兑美元汇率继续上扬，升至近13年高点，日本的处境可谓额外的痛苦。
additional pain:额外的痛苦
This ia a case the biter bit, we must learned a lot from the chastening experience.
这是一个骗人放被骗的例子，我们必须从这个洗礼的例子中学到一些东西。
chastening:洗礼
It must be hard to love an adopted child as much as your own.
我不是说一定做不到，还是有许多养父母对于领养的孩子如很多如你的自有的爱护。
as much as your own:如很多如你的自有
His bitterest enemy would hardly declare that it was he who was in the wrong.
他最几乎没有宣布的敌人也不能说是他错了。
hardly declare:几乎没有宣布
Tom has taken five courses this semester, including French. I think he is bitting offchew.
汤姆这个学期选修了五门课，还包括法语，我想他是有些咬脱口秀了。
bitting offchew:咬脱口秀
The play finally jerks its disjointed and bitty way to an arbitrary conclusion.
这个剧最后突然把分离及可怜的的内容拉到一起得出一个武断的结论。
disjointed and bitty:分离及可怜的
The play finally jerks its disjointed and bitty way to an arbitrary conclusion (Martin Hoyle)
这个剧目最后突然把分离及可怜的的内容拉到一起得出一个武断的结论 (马丁霍伊尔)
disjointed and bitty:分离及可怜的
It is anticipated near new 4 - year medical reform, we will have officially entered the implementation phase.
令人预料近4年的新医改，将就此正式进入实施阶段。
anticipated:预料
A sneak peak back at the fall and surrounding crag was rewarded with an adrenaline rush.
即使对瀑布和林立的峭壁的一瞥都令我一个肾上腺素匆忙。
an adrenaline rush:一个肾上腺素匆忙
Go up against ruthless street racers out to win at any cost.
和残酷的街道赛车手在任何成本代价地比拼来获得胜利。
at any cost:在任何成本
In my military history I've acknowledged his adroitness and his inspiring force as a politician.
在我的军事历史里，我曾说过，作为一个政治家，他表现出机敏和鼓舞人心的力量。
military history:军事历史
In my military history I've acknowledged his adroitness and his inspiring force as a politician.
在我的戎马生涯里，我曾说过，作为一个政治家，他表现出机敏和令人鼓舞的力量。
inspiring:令人鼓舞
The Bear near - bankruptcy took everyone by surprise and risked taking down all of Wall Street.
贝尔斯登濒临破产的消息使所有人都惊奇，当时大有将整个华尔街拖下水的危险。
surprise:惊奇
Walt: Thank goodness the ads are over go on for far too long.
华尔: 谢谢美德，广告终于播放完了.广告时间实在太长。
Thank goodness:谢谢美德
The inside looked like a torture chamber or dungeon, except bizarrely clean and, well, shining.
建筑物的内部像是拷问室或者可以称为地下城，很奇怪的干净并且还，好吧，十分亮堂。
bizarrely:很奇怪
She looked round and beheld near by a pleasant grove of tall and stately trees.
她看圆形，只见不远处有一个尽是参天大树的小林。
looked round:看圆形
The opening ceremony was held before a near - capacity crowd of 80,000 at Shanghais sports stadium.
开幕式在可容纳8万人的上海体育场举行，看台上几乎靠近-能力。
near - capacity:靠近-能力
In the hands of an operator as ambitious as Tony Blair, that is a near certainty.
象布莱尔这么野心的的一个人，如果这职位落入他手，那他会怎么做就确定无疑了。
ambitious:野心的
Shelton watched her, racking his brains to find excuses for that fatal laugh.
谢尔顿注视着她，抢劫他的大脑要找个借口来解释刚才那致命的一笑。
racking his brains:抢劫他的大脑
I'm racking my brains to find a way to keep head above water.
我抢劫我的大脑想法不欠债。
racking my brains:抢劫我的大脑
I thought the whole tale would shortly be served up in racy pasquinade.
我认为整个故事不久就会被狂热帕斯基纳德在黄色小报登出来。
racy pasquinade:狂热帕斯基纳德
Are you different after a near - death experience, or only more mature?
你有过濒死体验吗?是感觉靠近-死亡经验呢，还是历经沧桑?
near - death experience:靠近-死亡经验
Are you different after a near - death experience, or only more mature?
你有过濒死体验吗?是感觉浴火重生呢，还是更多成熟?
more mature:更多成熟
She was huddled in a crag lee side of a mountain, almost frozen, very near death.
她蜷缩在山脚处一块岩石下避风，浑身冰冷，非常靠近死亡了。
very near death:非常靠近死亡
The three - month advance has been exhilarating, the expected response following the survival of a near - death experience.
这轮为期三个月的上涨一直是令人兴奋，这是虎口余生后的预期反应。
exhilarating:令人兴奋
The three - month advance has been exhilarating, the expected response following the survival of a near - death experience.
这轮为期三个月的上涨一直是振奋人心，这是生存的靠近-死亡经验后的预期反应。
survival of a near - death experience:生存的靠近-死亡经验
In the eastern state of Thuringia the CDU may recover from a similar near - death experience.
但在东部的图林根州，CDU或许能在发现从类似靠近-死亡经验之后重整旗鼓。
ecover from a similar near - death experience:发现从类似靠近-死亡经验
In the eastern state of Thuringia the CDU may recover from a similar near - death experience.
但在东部的图林根州，CDU或许能在死里逃生之后恢复从类似靠近-死亡经验。
recover from a similar near - death experience:恢复从类似靠近-死亡经验
S. adults are medically obese. Both poor diet and a lack of exercise are blamed.
而导致这一问题的是责备就是垃圾食品和缺乏锻炼。
are blamed:是责备
See if yu can keep your brother — who is a blabbermouth — to keep this still.
看你是否能让你那个吹牛的兄弟保守住这个秘密。
blabbermouth:吹牛
The seeds that had been sown were almost completely washed away by a sudden downpour.
已经播下的种子几乎被一场突然的暴雨全冲走了。
sudden:突然
She hurled through black - out London, driving like a veteran, taking corners on two wheels.
她开车就象个老手，在灯火管制的伦敦如老兵，转弯时只有两个轮子落地。
like a veteran:如老兵
Competition can not always plain sailing, maybe sometimes you just behind the near field.
比赛不可能永远平坦航海，也许有时刚开场不久你就落后。
plain sailing:平坦航海
But the army's strong - arm tactics angered and radicalised the local population.
但是这一坚固-手臂战术的行动却激怒了当地人，使他们变得更加极端。
strong - arm tactics:坚固-手臂战术
When they are active, protein molecules may double over or twist into radically different shapes.
当这些蛋白质有活性时，蛋白质分子可能折叠或扭转成彻底地不同的形状。
radically different:彻底地不同
These conditions are advantaged Eco - tourism resource, have prodigious potential to empolder.
这些条件的组合是该地区获利的生态旅游资源，具有很大的开发潜力。
advantaged:获利
Xinjiang is with advantaged resource of water, soil, light and heat.
新疆具有获利的水、土、光、热资源。
advantaged:获利
Yi plows with a vast territory, resources is ample, having advantaged advantage.
伊犁庞大领土，资源充裕，有着得天独厚的优势。
vast territory:庞大领土
Yi plows with a vast territory, resources is ample, having advantaged advantage.
伊犁幅员辽阔，资源充裕，有着获利的优势。
advantaged:获利
The idea appears to be to encourage consolidation within the sector by dis - advantaging smaller property companies.
这一想法出现到是为了鼓励行业内部的合并整合而对小开发商不利。
appears to:出现到
My desire for a desirable house will come true in the near future.
我要买一幢希望的的房子的愿望在不久的将来会实现。
desirable:希望的
He dismissed her words as the ravings of a hysterical woman.
他不理睬她的话，认为那是一个歇斯底里的女人的是的雷文斯。
the ravings:是的雷文斯
A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies.
A撒谎那些是一半真话的谎言最险恶。
A lie which is half a truth:A撒谎那些是一半真话
Every evil thought and blackest purpose lay working at his heart.
种种邪恶思索及最黑目的在他心中滋生。
evil thought and blackest purpose:邪恶思索及最黑目的
For the traditional adverting services in our infancy stage, we have been making great effect assiduously.
作为公司起步传统的广告领域，我们一直在坚持不懈地努力着。
assiduously:坚持不懈地
Advertisers tend to think big and perhaps this is why they're always coming in for criticism.
广告商总是想大(想得很大)，也许这就是为什么他们老挨批评。
think big:想大
Justice Blackmun had been the swing vote in League of Cities.
法官布莱克曼在“城市联盟”问题上一直持有是的是的摇摆态度。
had been the swing:有是的是的摇摆
Luckily, it was a near miss, so we didn't encounter any problems.
幸运的是，靠近错过，我们没有碰到任何问题。
a near miss:靠近错过
It may merely have differentiated products built on advertising. Or it may have truly superior management.
它也许仅仅具有依靠广告宣传树立的各种分化的产品，抑或它可能具有确实胜人一筹的经营管理方法。
differentiated:分化
It may merely have differentiated products built on advertising. Or it may have truly superior management.
它也许仅仅具有依靠广告宣传树立的各种与众不同的产品，抑或它可能具有确实优越的经营管理方法。
superior:优越
He vacillated between refusal and consent [going out and staying at home].
到底要拒绝或答应 [要出去或待在家里] 他摇摆。
vacillated:摇摆
He adviced wife again and again, to be a woman, do not play mahjong all day.
他忠告对妻子说，作为一个女人，不要成天在外面打麻将。
adviced:忠告
The everlasting is mankind the perpetual motion of the peaceful happiness.
永恒的是人类平安幸福的永恒运动。
everlasting:永恒的
Mr. Blagojevich conceded he had an impatient governing style and'sometimes I push too much.
布拉戈耶维奇承认，他的管理风格急躁，有时候过于乌什也很多。
ush too much:乌什也很多
A walk on snowy streets near Red Square reveals two very different faces of Russia.
在红场附近白雪覆盖的街道上散步，这里展示了俄罗斯两种非常不同面貌。
very different:非常不同
The impact, sudden and seismic, of the Blair Witch Project is utterly unprecedented.
影片《厄夜丛林》引发的这场冲击波可以说是完全史无前例的。
utterly unprecedented:完全史无前例
Blaise Pascal, the brilliant 17 th - century intellectual, made significant contributions in the fields of science and mathematics.
生于十七世纪的巴斯卡，英俊，在科学和数学的多个领域都有重大的贡献。
brilliant:英俊
He flew into rages over nothing, seemed unbearably raw and irritable.
他会以上没什么大发雷霆，粗暴生硬，简直叫人受不了。
over nothing:以上没什么
He flew into rages over nothing, seemed unbearably raw and irritable.
他会无缘无故飞翔进入垃圾，粗暴生硬，简直叫人受不了。
flew into rages:飞翔进入垃圾
Haggard and pale, shabbily or raggedly dressed, their and down at heel, they slouched past.
他们形容憔悴，苍白，穿得破破烂烂，拖着塌了后跟的鞋子懒懒散散地走过去。
pale:苍白
The daylight faded when Raghunath came back to the teacher, tired and dripping.
暮色茫茫，浑身湿淋淋的拉古纳特回到大师身边，已是疲倦及滴水。
tired and dripping:疲倦及滴水
They are disapprobatory, they find means to approach to me. blandish to me.
他们不赞成，他们总是想尽一切办法来接近我，讨好我。
disapprobatory:不赞成
Those people who predicted an exercise in bureaucratic blandness were confounded.
那些认为这一系列政治活动将会淡淡的走过场的人是糊涂和愚蠢的。
blandness:淡淡
The words spat forth with sudden savagery, all pretense of blandness gone.
奥格尔维突然粗鲁地斯帕特例如:与突然，所有假装的和蔼态度全没有了。
spat forth with sudden:斯帕特例如:与突然
Standing on the hilltop, you can see beautiful flowers blanketing hill and dale.
站在山顶上可以看到上是的山顶的山花。
on the hilltop:上是的山顶
Obviously she was somebody - a real presence in the room (Oleg Cassini)
很显然她是个重要人物 —— 是屋子里真正某人-真正的存在的人 (奥列格卡西尼)
somebody - a real presence:某人-真正的存在
The hero gets into his spaceship and "blast off" into the outer reach of the space.
主人公坐上他的宇宙飞船，“ 爆炸取消 ” 进入外层宇宙空间。
blast off:爆炸取消
Petty thieves have raided him and have beaten him to lose consciousness.
小偷们袭击了他并把他打得失去意识。
lose consciousness:失去意识
The high - ranking individuals Raiden is sent to rescue perish immediately after encountering him.
雷电奉命潜入救援的高官都在遇到他不久后死亡。
perish:死亡
Her anger blazed up when she was told what he wanted.
当别人告诉她他想要什么时，她愤怒闪烁高。
anger blazed up:愤怒闪烁高
Elizabeth: I am my fathers daughter. Im not afeard of anything.
伊丽莎白: 我是父皇的女儿，我不背叛。
not afeard:不背叛
There's no point in keeping up appearances when everyone knows we're nearly bankrupt.
人家都知道我们快破产了，何必还保持高外表。
keeping up appearances:保持高外表
John nearly broke his neck trying not to be late to school.
为使上学不迟到，约翰费了破裂他的颈部。
broke his neck:破裂他的颈部
It is better to fight for justice than to rail at the ill.
与其责骂罪恶，不如战斗为公正。
fight for justice:战斗为公正
Therefore, it is an urgent affair to strengthen the protection of state - owned assets.
因此，加强国有资产的保护是一个紧急情事。
an urgent affair:一个紧急情事
Why do you discontinue compiling your dictionary? Don't you think it a pity to give it up when it is nearly completed?
为什么你不继续编纂你的词典呢 ?给予它高什么时候它是几乎完成，你不觉得可惜吗?
give it up when it is nearly completed:给予它高什么时候它是几乎完成
Due to the delays, soldiers arrived in the city nearly dead for lack of food.
由于耽搁了几次，当战士们到达这个城市的时候，他们已经因为缺乏食物而几乎死亡了。
nearly dead:几乎死亡
This highly - industrialized area is notorious for pollution and general atmospheric bleakness.
这个高度工业化的地区因为污染和灰暗的大气层而臭名昭著。
notorious:臭名昭著
Many vendors closed shop, and normally bustling downtown streets in Belgrade appeared nearly deserted.
很多商家因此关门，平日喧闹的贝尔格莱德市中心几近荒芜。
bustling:喧闹
You look bleary - eyed. What you need most is forty winks.
你看来悲伤-有眼目，你最需要的是小睡一下。
bleary - eyed:悲伤-有眼目
In fine raiment and elegant surroundings, men seemed to be contented.
衣着华丽、环境优雅，人们似乎都很满意。
contented:满意
He was well informed and updated with all kinds of current affiairs.
他好的知情，并且了解各种最新的时事新闻。
well informed:好的知情
The lush rain forests ofCeyloncontain a wide variety of exotic and delicious fruits.
锡兰茂盛的雨林中含有各种古怪且可口的果子。
exotic:古怪
Therefore, it's imminent to solve the problem of affiliation and metrology for microwave field strength.
因此，解决微波场强的量值溯源和计量问题已即将到来的。
imminent:即将到来的
It will take us till dooms day to clear up all this mess.
我们永远也收拾不完这堆这个混乱的东西。
this mess:这个混乱
Though me the afflatus surging and surging, though me the current and index.
透过我，灵感隆起及隆起的奔流; 透过我，潮流和指标不断涌现。
surging and surging:隆起及隆起
River water ceaselessly in afflux cabin, passengers are panic - stricken.
河水不断地涌进舱里，旅客们恐慌。
panic:恐慌
As the hounds hit the fresh scent, they howled, and Rainsford animal at bay feels.
猎狗一嗅到新线索就嚎叫起来，雷夫德体会到了猎物在海湾感觉时的感受。
at bay feels:在海湾感觉
Desire is only a thought, an impulse. It is nebulous and ephemeral.
渴望只不过是一个念头、一阵冲劲，幽暗，而且朦胧缥缈。
nebulous:幽暗
That is why fears of an indecisive election result have been blighting the pound.
这就是一个不决定性的政治选举所导致的对英镑的大的影响。
indecisive:不决定性
To be fair, Raisa is for many Soviet women a source of fascination and ever inspiration.
公正地说，在很多苏联妇女看来，赖莎是一位极富魅力，甚至是灵感的女性。
inspiration:灵感
Or is it too far gone, necessitating a 300 - mile wall to hold back the Gulf?
还是局面已经也很远已故了，得用一道480公里长的墙，将墨西哥湾挡在外面，才是解决之道?
too far gone:也很远已故
A man must consider what a blindman's - buff is this game of conformity.
一个人必须要想到，一致性就好像是在玩捉迷藏游戏(蒙蔽了双眼)。
conformity:一致性
I mean to catch him up and come neck and neck into the winning post.
我决心追上他，和他来吧颈部，去夺取胜利。
come neck:来吧颈部
And that left them as blindsided as their counterparts when the crisis came 80 years ago.
这让他们同80年前的同行一样，在危机到来时显得盲目的。
blindsided:盲目的
They were neck and neck in the 100 - metre race yesterday.
他们在昨天的一百米比赛中是颈部及颈部。
were neck and neck:是颈部及颈部
The two candidates were neck and neck in the presidential race.
这两位总统候选人是颈部及颈部。
were neck and neck:是颈部及颈部
At the next throw he doubled his stakes in a neck - or - nothing bid to recoup his losses.
在下一回中，为了扳回损失，她赌注在颈部-或-没什么投标，把赌注加大了一倍。
stakes in a neck - or - nothing bid:赌注在颈部-或-没什么投标
Ali Naimi, Saudi Arabia's energy minister, shrugged off the fall in prices, calling it "a blip"
沙特阿拉伯石油大臣阿里?纳伊米(AliNaimi)对此次油价下跌 shrugged取消，称之为 “暂时现象 ”
shrugged off:shrugged取消
The two men contemplated the treasure a while in blissful silence.
那两个人考虑，不言不语，对这份财宝注视了一会儿。
contemplated:考虑
The two men contemplated the treasure a while in blissful silence.
那两个人欢欢喜喜，沉默，对这份财宝注视了一会儿。
silence:沉默
Liu Chenweng leave with the position with Xin Qiji neck to neck with a Xuxi phrase.
刘辰翁以一部《须溪词》争得与辛弃疾颈部到颈部的地位。
neck to neck:颈部到颈部
I'll take their diamond necklace and show my noble stuff by being gay and reckless!
我会收下他们的钻石项链，尽显我的高贵气质，同性恋，不再顾虑!
gay:同性恋
B: Aren't you afraid of the freezing cold, the biting winds and the blinding blizzards?
乙: 您不怕冰冻冷，寒风刺骨，不怕大风大雪连眼睛也张不开来?
freezing cold:冰冻冷
Anyone wanting companies run by a self - serving, self - recruiting cabal could hardly improve on this incestuous system.
任何希望公司由一个自我-服务、中饱私囊的阴谋集团来经营的人，都几乎不可能改进这种朋比为奸的体系。
self - serving:自我-服务
Anyone wanting companies run by a self - serving, self - recruiting cabal could hardly improve on this incestuous system.
任何希望公司由一个自私自利、自我-征聘的阴谋集团来经营的人，都几乎不可能改进这种朋比为奸的体系。
self - recruiting:自我-征聘
Anyone wanting companies run by a self - serving, self - recruiting cabal could hardly improve on this incestuous system.
任何希望公司由一个自私自利、中饱私囊的阴谋集团来经营的人，都几乎不可能改进这种异性恋的体系。
incestuous:异性恋
The Necromancers are utterly destroyed in the War of the Broken Staff.
在断杖之役中，亡灵巫师们完全毁灭了。
utterly destroyed:完全毁灭
Meg was much flattered by Mr. Ned's assurances that he came especially to see her.
尼特先生保证地告诉麦格，他是专门为她而来的. 麦格听了真是受宠若惊。
assurances:保证
Meg was much flattered by Mr. Ned's assurances that he came especially to see her.
尼特先生信誓旦旦地告诉麦格，他是专门为她而来的. 麦格听了真是是很多夸张。
was much flattered:是很多夸张
Blockhead! He should know it's impossible to make it at one stroke.
笨蛋! 他应该知道做它在一个射击是不可能的。
make it at one stroke:做它在一个射击
The whole of that family are the most solemnly conceited and consummate blockheads!
他们那一家子都是极其自高自大的庄严地的傻瓜!
solemnly:庄严地
He saw them all, fight after fight, himself always whipped and Cheese - Face exulting over him.
他看到次次打架的全盘经过，自己老是挨打，盘儿脸呢，因打垮了他而令人高兴以上。
exulting over:令人高兴以上
He gave a long account of his troubles, with the implication that he needed financial aid.
他摆了一大堆困难，与是的含义是需要补助。
with the implication:与是的含义
She needed to find an outlet for her many talents and interests.
她的许多天赋、兴趣广泛需要找个施展的机会。
many talents:许多天赋
Best of all were our quiet talks in bed after sex.
最妙的则是事后在被窝里的安静谈话。
quiet talks:安静谈话
Searching for one man in this big city is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
在这座城市里寻找一个人犹如看为针在草堆。
looking for a needle in a haystack:看为针在草堆
Trying to find this file is like a needle in a haystack!
想找这个档案就像看为针在草堆一样困难。
looking for a needle in a haystack:看为针在草堆
May the bride and groom live happily ever after to a ripe old age.
祝愿这对新人活高兴地永远，永远幸福。
live happily ever:活高兴地永远
I don't think the walls need repainting; but needs must, I suppose, if I any peace.
我认为这些墙不需要重漆，但是情势所迫，为了和平，我只得重漆。
peace:和平
The famous Blondin was going to perform on a tight - rope in another part of the garden.
著名的的卜朗亭快要在花园另一头表演走钢丝了。
famous:著名的
Here am I living from hand to mouth - a needy adventure.
我这里只能勉强糊口 — 当一个穷人的冒险者。
needy:穷人
They have depleted me through the constant assault of corruption and nefarious practices.
他们通过腐败和攻击的贪污不断攻击我终于耗尽了我。
assault of corruption:攻击的贪污
Summer day night short afternoon nap can help restore fatigue, there is beneficial to health.
夏日夜短，中午小憩可助恢复疲劳，有利于健康。
night short:夜短
But bloodshed on the battlefield remains the decisive thing in wars.
但战场上的流血仍然是决定战争胜负的事情。
bloodshed:流血
This rather bloodcurdling recital, delivered with the usual Achesonian aplomb, startled the British.
这种颇有点令人血的议论，以艾奇逊式一贯的沉着自若的腔调发表出来，使英国人为之骇然。
bloodcurdling:血
Cathy and I escaped from the washhouse to have a ramble at liberty.
凯帝和我从洗衣房溜出来想在自由地溜达溜达。
at liberty:在自由
Yet within the New Bond Street saleroom, collectors went on bidding, oblivious to the bloodletting without.
但是在位于新邦德街的销售厅中，收藏家们继续竞相出价，对外面的惨烈无知。
oblivious:无知
To continue the family bloodline is one of life's most important things.
继续是的家庭血统是生命中最重要的事情之一。
continue the family bloodline:继续是的家庭血统
Dark ground rambles in disorder on the road what, bump into you how to do.
黑暗地在路上乱逛什么，撞到你怎么办。
Dark:黑暗
Don't take any notice of her ramblings; she's completely round the bend.
根本就不要理睬她的吵架，她完全疯了。
ramblings:吵架
His clarity of thought and capacity to understand my obscure ramblings is truly exceptional.
他思路之清晰和理解我讲的黑话的能力是特别的。
exceptional:特别
By the waning days of the Republic, only a few million Theelin pure - bloods and half - breeds survived.
到共和国的衰落天，纯种希林人和带希林人血统的混血儿一共只剩下几百万。
waning days:衰落天
I happened to be looking at her enormous - faced, chronographic - looking wrist - watch again.
我的目光恰好又落在她那块表盘巨大的、宛如计秒器的手表上。
enormous:巨大的
Now this Bynum injury. Does that leave you distraught again? Even - keeled?
而现在拜纳姆受伤了，这会让你沮丧，甚至绝望跪地么?
distraught:沮丧
Am I crazy for hoping she will come again? Of course.
我疯狂她会再次出现? 当然。
crazy:疯狂
Then they took up the gold - sack mystery again, with strong interest.
他们又坚固利息地把话头引回那袋神秘的金子上来。
strong interest:坚固利息
It was nice for the Party to have a leader again with some relish for words.
党又有了一位享受为词汇的领袖，这是可喜的。
relish for words:享受为词汇
An on - again off - again relationship may have entered a new cycle recently.
一段上-又一次取消-又一次 (时有时无)的关系近来可能进入新的周期。
on - again off - again:上-又一次取消-又一次
Without Old Huang, Linlin could not have been an early bloomer.
没有老黄，林林不可能很早就一个早点 bloomer。
an early bloomer:一个早点 bloomer
Vernon: Garfield and Jake seemed to be particularly aggressive to one another.
威尔南: 加菲尔德和杰克侵略性到一个另一个似乎特别厉害。
aggressive to one another:侵略性到一个另一个
The committee heard that he had been negligent in his duty.
委员会听说他轻率在他的义务。
negligent in his duty:轻率在他的义务
We'll try to get this finished by May, but it'll be a race against time.
我们力争在五月份完成任务，但得种族反对时间地干。
race against time:种族反对时间
As a species, humanity admires that last ditch, against - all - odds, eleventh - hour rescue attempt.
人类崇拜在最后时刻进行的第十一-每小时抢救企图。
eleventh - hour rescue attempt:第十一-每小时抢救企图
It was a race against the clock whether the doctor would get to the accident soon enough to save the injured man.
这是一场种族反对是的钟的赛跑，看医生是否能马上赶到失事的地点来挽救那个受伤的人。
a race against the clock:种族反对是的钟
They are working hard against the clock to translate the novel.
他们正在反对是的钟地赶紧翻译那本小说。
against the clock:反对是的钟
Following exhaustive negotiations, the two sides are working towards a joint agreement on climate change.
经过详尽的谈判，双方正致力于达成一项有关气候变化的共同协定。
exhaustive:详尽
River bank which embellish along the silk and the grain, I swim againstthe stream.
沿着丝绸与谷物点缀的江岸，我游泳反对河流。
swim againstthe stream:游泳反对河流
Her glance swept over that sea of coloured flannel blouses of the audience.
她扫视了台下一片有色的法兰绒外套。
coloured:有色
He did not write the Treaty alone but in collaboration with three astute and determined negotiators.
他并不是一个人，而是和三个精明并且坚决的谈判者一起拟订条约的。
astute:精明
They would beat a drum roll, remain silent, then beat againwith a flourish, and so on.
他们的鼓声有一定的间隔，会打一阵停一会儿再打，如此那么上。
so on:那么上
Be sure to blow out all the candles in one puff.
一定要在一个 puff把蜡烛全吹灭。
in one puff:在一个 puff
Its citizens had achieved a splendid equality, they all - except the Negro - walked upright.
它的公民享有辉煌的平等，除了黑人，都能行走直立。
walked upright:行走直立
So many slanders are written everyday in the daily press against Negros and Puerto Ricans.
在每天的新闻出版物上有这么多针对黑人和波多黎各人的诽谤。
slanders:诽谤
What Dou E Yuan described is just the fierce struggle of strength aganist the evil.
《窦娥冤》描写的是正义力量同是的邪恶的一场激烈地斗争。
the evil:是的邪恶
Nei - ther does he like to cook up gossip to get attention.
他也不喜欢编造闲话来引起注意。
gossip:闲话
Davidson's restlessness was intolerable even to himself. But he was buoyed up by a wonderful exhilaration.
戴维逊不安，连他自己都感到无法忍受. 但是一种奇特的兴奋情绪支撑着他。
restlessness:不安
My boyfriend and I had a huge blowup in school today.
今天我的男朋友和我在学校爆发一场大战(两人吵得巨大的爆炸)。
a huge blowup:巨大的爆炸
At that age I was only vaguely aware why people used it.
在当时那个年纪，我对人们为何使用这种产品只是含糊地知道。
vaguely aware:含糊地知道
She used to have a quarrel with her neighbours about some trifles on the average of once every three days.
过去她平均每隔三天就要为一些微不足道的事和邻居吵一次嘴。
some trifles:一些微不足道
She loves visiting with her neighbours and having a good gossip.
她喜欢找邻国聊天，说人家的长短。
neighbours:邻国
He was over eighty years of age, infirm and totally blind.
他八十多岁了，身体虚弱，完全失明。
totally blind:完全失明
Rampage is a proc. Cripple helps reduce the number of rampages a mob does.
拉姆佩格是格斗触发的. 降低怪物的触发能力将减少拉姆佩格的次数。
Rampage:拉姆佩格
Groups of law - breakers have been rampaging about all night, putting fear into the villagers.
群的犯罪分子整夜横行霸道，令村民们惊恐不已。
Groups:群
Other people in the night market yelled in fear of the rampaging elephant.
夜市里的其他人也因为害怕这头抢劫的大象而尖叫声此起彼落。
rampaging:抢劫
Ramparts create Fountains of Fortune to imbue its defenders with amazing luck.
壁垒城建造幸运泉，它为其防御者带来令人惊奇的好运。
amazing:令人惊奇
Plum sex of the look up before ability of shot, study is mixed is outstanding apparently.
李的视野、学习能力和前瞻性显然是杰出的。
outstanding:杰出
There the effigy stands, and stares from age to age across the changing ocean.
雕像依然耸立在那儿，千秋万载地凝视着那改变的大海。
changing:改变
About the first adventure we had yesterday afternoon after landing here, came near heedless Blucher.
我们上岸后，在昨天下午碰到了头一件险事，差点断送了无知勃鲁吉的性命。
heedless:无知
We tried everything to make the ramrod guard move, but all in vain.
我们试过一切想让这个死板的卫兵移动一下，但都无济于事。
tried everything:试过一切
An island away from land, sea blue blue the odd reef rocks the island, beautiful scenery.
海岛远离陆地，海水碧蓝碧蓝，岛上奇礁怪石，美丽的景色。
beautiful scenery:美丽的景色
About 700 Jewish people live in fortified, separate neighborhoods in the center of the town.
大约700名犹太人生活在市中心一个坚固的单独地区。
fortified:坚固
Families lived in ramshackle huts. Electricity and fresh water were scarce. Unemployment was rampant.
人们往在束缚的小屋里，电力和清洁用水十分少见，失业问题频出。
ramshackle:束缚
The earth burst into bloom - yellow and blue and gold.
山谷大地爆炸进入 bloom —— 黄、蓝、金各色缤纷。
burst into bloom:爆炸进入 bloom
They did their best to keep the blue ribbon of the trade.
(他们是的他们最好的以保持他们在本行业中享有的最高荣誉.)
did their best:是的他们最好的
This essay hardly makes any sense, it's neither rhyme nor reason.
这篇文章写得几乎没有使任何感觉，简直不知所云。
hardly makes any sense:几乎没有使任何感觉
This essay hardly makes any sense, it's neither rhyme nor reason.
这篇文章写得不伦不类，简直没有 rhyme也理由。
neither rhyme nor reason:没有 rhyme也理由
Fortunately, the night manager was neither a hairsplitter nor a fool.
好在这位夜班经理既不是头发散发者的人，也不是脓包。
hairsplitter:头发散发者
General comments: neither fish nor fowl, the theme of the end of a surprise party.
总评: 没有鱼也鸟类、一个意外的主题结束晚会。
neither fish nor fowl:没有鱼也鸟类
The sail of the little boat swung crazily from one side to the other.
小船的帆猛烈地摇摆着。
swung:摇摆
I'm nearly distracted, Nelly, she exclaimed, throwing herself on the sofa.
我快分散啦，耐莉，她嚷道，扑到沙发上。
distracted:分散
Dirty diapers are disgusting. Rotten eggs smell rancid. But skunks really stink!
脏尿布臭气熏天，臭鸡蛋令人厌恶，但臭鼬才真的是臭不可闻!
disgusting:令人厌恶
Dirty diapers are disgusting. Rotten eggs smell rancid. But skunks really stink!
脏尿布臭气熏天，臭鸡蛋令人作呕，但臭鼬才真的是臭味!
stink:臭味
Despite rumours of rancour at distributions, Caritas distributions so far have been calm and respectful.
虽然外界对救济品的分发谣言，明爱会的分发至今尚称平静又受尊敬。
rumours:谣言
Monday to Bluestar new material, as represented by Jiangsu Sunshine Organic silicon, polysilicon concept stocks rise.
周一以蓝星新材、江苏阳光为代表的有机硅、多晶硅概念股升高。
rise:升高
The venture involved intrigue, lies, nemesis — and no end of a lesson.
这场冒险包含了引人注目，谎言，不可避免的结果—以及没有结束的一个教训。
intrigue:引人注目
Lex Luthor: Superman's number one nemesis has had a plethora of hideouts throughout the years.
莱克斯·卢瑟: 通过多年的努力，这位超人的头号敌人拥有了许多无数的藏身。
a plethora of hideouts:无数的藏身
"Oh,' said the man, showing plainly the enlightenment which had come to him.
“哦，" 那人说道，明显地流露出启蒙的神情。
enlightenment:启蒙
To the discomfort of its citizens, the city has a neo - Nazi on the City Council.
该市有一名新纳粹分子任市议会议员，这使市民们感到不适。
discomfort:不适
And Gaza, unlike south Lebanon, has many militant groups, with varying agendas and loyalties.
而加沙不同于南部黎巴嫩，其拥有大量武装组织，各自的目标和效忠对象也不同。
varying:不同
But he was not for a single instant the dupe of her blundering alacrity.
但是他一刻也不会上当去相信她这种愚蠢的殷勤。
blundering:愚蠢
Do blundering old military dug - outs love the successful young captains who supersede them?
难道那些作战失利的老行伍会爱那些取代他们的成功的青年军官吗?
successful:成功
And while they have wealth most only dream of, Rania remains largely unaffected.
虽然他们拥有你只有做梦才想象的到的财富，拉妮雅却无影响。
unaffected:无影响
Henry Kissinger, as America's secretary of state, was even blunter two years later.
两年后，美国国务卿亨瑞?基辛格( HenryKissinger )对他甚至更加布兰特。
blunter:布兰特
The furious dealmaking by AOL is all aimed at blunting Microsoft's steady move into the market.
AOL达成的一系列交易只有一个目的，那就是阻止微软稳定移动进入，挫败微软的锐气。
steady move into:稳定移动进入
Many Lithuanians appreciate her boldness and bluntness, as well as her squeaky - clean image.
许多立陶宛人欣赏她的胆略和直率，以及她笨拙-清洁的政治形象。
squeaky - clean:笨拙-清洁
Someone's future blurs and goes blank as anticipation fades into nothingness.
当期望去空时，某个人的未来变得渺茫，成为空白。
goes blank:去空
If you can blurt out 100 sentences, you can survive in America.
吹嘘出去100句英语，你可以在美国生活。
blurt out:吹嘘出去
From a merry child, then a blushing maid, she has become a perfect woman now.
从一个欢喜的孩子，到一个腼腆害羞的姑娘，她现在已长成一个姿容出众的女子。
merry:欢喜
Even the Catholic Church of the Middle Ages was tolerant by modern standards.
从现代标准来看，甚至中世纪的天主教会也是容忍的。
tolerant:容忍
They recalled the influence which the ignorance of past ages ascribed to her.
他们提到无知的原始人怎样认为她能左右人间祸福。
ignorance:无知
In a straight fight the crusaders usually won; in skirmishes, the Saracens often overcame their more numerous opponents.
直线战斗，十字军战士通常会赢; 在小规模战斗中，撒拉逊人经常能以少胜多。
a straight fight:直线战斗
In the old society, owing to cruel exploitation and succesive years of tangled warfare among warloads, the labouring people led a vagrant life....
在旧社会，残酷的剥削和连年不断的军阀混战，使劳动人民过着流浪者的生活。
vagrant:流浪者
The woman cast a shy glance full of constraint at Ransie.
女人完全的限制，害羞地看了兰西一眼。
full of constraint:完全的限制
It's ironic that she became a teacher—she used to hate school.
令人讽刺的是她成了教师—她过去一向厌恶上学。
ironic:讽刺
I stoop to compromise easily but people still thought I was aggressive.
我经常妥协，但是别人却觉得我咄咄逼人。
compromise:妥协
I stoop to compromise easily but people still thought I was aggressive.
我经常委曲求全，但是别人却觉得我侵略性。
aggressive:侵略性
Boho prints, florals and patterns are all the rage in dresses and skirts.
波希米亚印花、花朵及图形在女装和裙子上所有是的愤怒。
all the rage:所有是的愤怒
Impressive as the record is, it fades next to the story of Armstruggle aginst disease.
虽然这项记录令人印象深刻，但阿姆斯特朗与疾病抗争的故事比它更加令人瞩目。
Impressive:令人印象深刻
Impressive as the record is, it fades next to the story of Armstruggle aginst disease.
虽然这项记录令人难忘，但阿姆斯特朗与疾病抗争的故事比它更加令人印象深刻。
Impressive:令人印象深刻
Diem, a profound traditionalist, ran a family despotism in the oriental manner.
狄姆这个深远的传统主义者，用东方的方式进行家族专制。
profound:深远
But Hester ought long ago to have done with this injustice.
但海丝特早就应该对这种不公平有已完成与了。
have done with:有已完成与
Yet, while the trading ties flourish, a broader rapprochement remains distant.
然而，尽管两国贸易关系繁荣，更广泛的睦邻友好关系却仍遥遥无期。
flourish:繁荣
Yet, while the trading ties flourish, a broader rapprochement remains distant.
然而，尽管两国贸易关系蓬勃发展，更广泛的睦邻友好关系却仍留下的遥远。
remains distant:留下的遥远
Don't believe all he says - he's a bit of a boaster.
别全信他说的，他有点夸耀。
boaster:夸耀
A boaster and a liar are cousins - german .5. Between friends all is common .5. Fools grow without watering.
吹牛与说谎本是同宗. 朋友之间不分彼此. 愚蠢者生长没有灌溉。
Fools grow without watering:愚蠢者生长没有灌溉
There is the same swagger and boastfulness running through the whole of the speeches.
这种同样的夸克、惟我独尊的口气贯穿了他的所有演讲。
same swagger:同样的夸克
There is the same swagger and boastfulness running through the whole of the speeches.
这种不可一世、夸张的口气贯穿了他的所有演讲。
boastfulness:夸张
Remnants Boat. After excavation and clearing. the boat - shaped base has been restored to its original form.
残留物“活画舫”残迹，其基座用青石雕砌成船舫样式.现经挖掘整理，增砌石料舫面。
Remnants:残留物
On agonistic field, player strive to be the first, cheering squad Populars feeling ran high.
竞赛场上，选手努力到是是的首先，啦啦队群情激昂。
strive to be the first:努力到是是的首先
This paper introduces a rarely seen method of describing with diametral distance.
本文介绍了一种很少已见的用直径距离描绘椭圆的方法。
rarely seen:很少已见
For forty - eight hours, Hayward lived in an agony of indecision.
海沃德足足有四十八小时活下来在一个痛苦，拿不定主意。
lived in an agony:活下来在一个痛苦
The cab crawled along, and she was in an agony of impatience.
马车轱辘轱辘朝前驶，她在一个痛苦的焦躁。
in an agony of impatience:在一个痛苦的焦躁
He was that rarest of statesmen, one whose integrity disarms even his critics.
他最罕见的的政治家，连批评他的人也佩服他三分，在当代政治家中实属罕见。
rarest of statesmen:最罕见的的政治家
Agreat man is one who has a strong will and a indomitable spirit.
一个大人物是一个具有坚强的意志和不屈不挠精神的人。
indomitable:不屈不挠
Hence your telephone invite to a group of bunch of rascals.
于是你电话约来一群一群的野蛮人。
bunch of rascals:一群的野蛮人
That's cowpoke talk for hurting bobbert herding, roping, and branding candle cattle the sun and stars.
牧牛、套牛以及给牛打烙印就是牛仔们是的太阳及星星交流的话题。
the sun and stars:是的太阳及星星
YAN Fu's thoughts on liberty is a self - arousal which can awaken the deaf in neoteric China.
严复的自由思想在近代中国社会是一种醒来是的聋人的人的自我觉醒。
awaken the deaf:醒来是的聋人
Is it to be by common agreement, by a sudden inspiration?
是由于突然突然灵感而达成共同一致的吗?
sudden inspiration:突然灵感
We can make an agreement: making sincere friends, separating after graduation without keeping in touch, ok?
我们约定: 在一起时诚实，毕业时就分手，不再联系，好吗?
sincere:诚实
We should be modest and prudent, guard against arrogance and rashness.
我们应该谦卑及谨慎，戒骄戒躁。
modest and prudent:谦卑及谨慎
We should be modest and prudent, guard against arrogance and rashness.
我们应该谦虚谨慎，警卫反对傲慢及急躁。
guard against arrogance and rashness:警卫反对傲慢及急躁
Today, the House of Representatives passed a bill excessive executive compensation. The vote was 237 - 185.
众议院今天以237:185高票通过了一项法案，准备限制高管们高得“过度”的薪酬。
excessive:过度
John was afraid his father would go into orbit when he found out about the car accident.
约翰担心父亲知道那起车祸后会去进入轨道。
go into orbit:去进入轨道
Bond single - handedly takes on any'bad guy ', saves the world and always gets the girl.
邦德单身-用手地打败任何坏蛋，拯救世界，以及赢得女性芳心。
single - handedly:单身-用手
Join WTO as China, china as an agricultural big country, agriculture will face unprecedented challenge.
随着中国加入WTO，中国作为一个农业大国，农业将面临史无前例的挑战。
unprecedented:史无前例
Getting hooked on the Internet isn't confined to a few computer nerds.
沉迷于因特网而取得迷恋的人不再局限于少数计算机迷了。
Getting hooked:取得迷恋
The old gentleman with the ramrod bock and twinkling eyes had indeed done many things.
这位腰背挺直、两眼闪烁的老先生确实做了不少事。
twinkling:闪烁
Eyed - geeky to know how the United States to interfere in the affairs of other countries do?
伊德-吉基，知道美国是怎样干涉别国内政的吗?
Eyed - geeky:伊德-吉基
Among these, the government hopes that 30 - 50 internationally competitive conglomerates will emerge.
政府希望这些企业中30至50家具有国际竞争力的集团能竞争性。
competitive:竞争性
I could sometimes eat a fried rat a good relish, if it were necessary.
一只油煎老鼠，如果非吃不可，我也可以好的享受地吃下去。
a good relish:好的享受
Of course he could not use the bicycle, but even walking was nerve - wracking.
他当然不能骑车了，就是步行也令人神经-打架。
nerve - wracking:神经-打架
The first day at a new job can be nerve - wracking.
新工作上任的头一天总是令人神经-打架。
nerve - wracking:神经-打架
He was not at all nervous, for he knew what to expect.
他知道什么?到期望，一点不慌。
knew what to expect:知道什么?到期望
We doubled over in laughter and it added to our already overflowing supply of Nesbitt stories.
我们笑得双倍以上，我们已知道的关于内斯比特的许许多多故事中，又增加了一个新故事。
doubled over:双倍以上
Body mass, however, showed a clear correlation across the 15 species.
然而在这15种动物身上，体重却表现出了清楚的相关性。
clear:清楚
When a bird's nest is overturned, no egg can remain intact.
巢穴是翻覆无完卵。
nest is overturned:巢穴是翻覆
The customer claimed that the abrupt body search caused her extreme psychological distress.
顾客声称，突然的搜身对她的心理造成了极大的伤害。
abrupt:突然
Wherever he went, he looked straight ahead as if there were no one and nothing around.
出来进去，他看直线前面，仿佛街上没有人，也没有东西。
looked straight ahead:看直线前面
The network is connected, on the net, a lot of people realize.
网络是是连接的，上了网，可以认识很多人。
is connected:是连接
The Russian aid program, it turned out, was a great mess.
俄国的援助计划结果搞得伟大的混乱。
a great mess:伟大的混乱
The unemployed engineer wrote a dozen applications for jobs but got nothing.
失业的工程师一连写了十几份求职信，但有没什么。
got nothing:有没什么
I wouldn't feel you were ratting out if you sign it.
只要你签了字，我就不会认为你估价出去。
ratting out:估价出去
The Rattlers staked their claim to the ball field planting their flag in it.
响尾蛇队在球场上插上自己的旗子，将其投机他们索赔。
staked their claim:投机他们索赔
In countrywide reforming and opening, guangdong go ahead the rest pace.
在全国的改革开放中，广东去前面是的休息节奏。
go ahead the rest pace:去前面是的休息节奏
Like all gold rushes, Macao has attracted a raucous and colourful community.
就像所有的淘金热一样，澳门吸引了吵闹的各色群体。
raucous:吵闹
See day nether world suddenly, say in spite of oneself: "Oh, wanted to rain!"
忽然看见天阴了，在尽管的自己地说: “哦，要下雨了! ”
in spite of oneself:在尽管的自己
Crowds the nether world of the spirits of the dead, noisy, put up hades upset, mood.
人群的亡魂拥入冥府，吵吵闹闹，把哈得斯弄得心烦意乱，狼狈不堪。
Crowds:人群
Crowds the nether world of the spirits of the dead, noisy, put up hades upset, mood.
成群结队的亡魂拥入冥府，吵吵闹闹，把哈得斯弄得沮丧，狼狈不堪。
upset:沮丧
Crowds the nether world of the spirits of the dead, noisy, put up hades upset, mood.
成群结队的亡魂拥入冥府，吵吵闹闹，把哈得斯弄得心烦意乱，情绪。
mood:情绪
Bofore he could find the fitting word she had cut him short with a question.
还没等他找到一句得体的话时，她切断他短地提出了一个问题。
cut him short:切断他短
Bofore the ink was dry on the Paris Agreement they began to dishonor their solemn obligations.
巴黎协定博福尔是的墨水是干，他们就已经开始背弃他们的庄严义务。
Bofore the ink was dry:博福尔是的墨水是干
Bofore the matter was publicly announced, it had long been in the air.
这件事在公诸于世之前早就传得长是的在是的空气了。
long been in the air:长是的在是的空气
She can sense trouble in the air even when there's nothing to worry about.
她总是感觉麻烦在是的空气甚至什么时候有没什么到担心关于。
sense trouble in the air even when there's nothing to worry about:感觉麻烦在是的空气甚至什么时候有没什么到担心关于
Tom is a drug addict, but the family never air its dirty linen in public.
汤姆吸毒成瘾，但他全家人对此永远空气它的肮脏布料在公众。
never air its dirty linen in public:永远空气它的肮脏布料在公众
They have an air of freedom, and they have not a dreary commitment to mean ambitious or love of comfort.
他们有一种自由的风度，他们不沉溺于可鄙的追名逐利和对舒适生活的迷恋。
freedom:自由
My neighbour wears his dressing - gown to work. The mind boggles!
我的邻居穿着晨衣去上班. 真不可思议!
The mind boggles:。思绪闪烁
The mind boggles at the idea of life on the other planets of the solar system.
在太阳系其他行星上有生命存在的想法令人。思绪闪烁。
The mind boggles:。思绪闪烁
It boggles the mind that Henry should have been inside a flying saucer.
关于曾经在飞碟里呆过的传闻令人感到它闪烁是的思绪。
It boggles the mind:它闪烁是的思绪
This formerly inaccessible place can now be reached by road and rail.
这里过去是不可访问地点，现在铁路公路都畅通了。
inaccessible place:不可访问地点
A meal had been prepared; I fell to with ravenous appetite.
饭已烧好，我与狂热食欲地吃了起来。
with ravenous appetite:与狂热食欲
The dynamic change of network resource makes the conventional search technology not equal to its ambition.
网络资源的动态变化，使得传统的搜索引擎技术有些不等于到它的野心。
not equal to its ambition:不等于到它的野心
But when we rejoice about it's expediency, the network security come closely.
然而就在人们为之欣喜的同时，网络安全问题来吧密切地观察。
come closely:来吧密切地观察
The Trap ~ A million flamingos swoop down on Lake Bogoria in East Africa.
。陷阱–一百万只红鹤寄居东非的柏哥利亚湖。
The Trap:。陷阱
It's true that few nonwhite males hold senior positions at the networks.
在这些电视网，身居要职的非白人男性确实很少。
few:很少
Third, because corporate networks were rare and Internet use even rarer, the PC be self - sufficient.
第三，由于公司网络稀缺，互联网用户则更是罕见，PC必须自我-够了。。
self - sufficient.:自我-够了。
The man was raving about some failure of the laboratory and I felt a swift uneasiness.
那个人为了试验室的某些疏忽而吵架，一阵不安的感觉突然涌上我的心头。
raving:吵架
There's a new Italian place somebody at work was raving about.
有一家新开的意大利餐馆，我的一个同事对它吵架。
raving:吵架
She passed a part of the night in delirium and raving.
她在昏迷中大声叫喊，吵架，闹了大半夜。
raving:吵架
I can't believe this, thought Kugelmass, staring at the doctor's ravishing wife.
我不敢相信，库马思想道，盯着那位医生的令人吃惊的妻子。
ravishing:令人吃惊
Accordingly, from strategic height development air - freight already became urgent matter.
因此，从战略的高度发展航空货运已成为紧急物质。
urgent matter:紧急物质
Have the habit of headset, plug some miscellaneous, turns a deaf ear.
有塞耳机的习惯，对一些杂言，轮流聋人耳朵。
turns a deaf ear:轮流聋人耳朵
Journalists, often guilty of hyperbole, have struggled for once to capture the rawness of the politics.
记者们素有夸张之能事，但这一次也对记录政治的生猛感到有苦战了。
have struggled:有苦战
Her arm is still and her grip on the air pistol is steady.
她的胳臂仍旧，手稳稳地握住手枪。
still:仍旧
The national air, rail, coach and bus networks will get you almost anywhere in the UK.
全国的航空、铁路、长途客运网路和当地巴士网络纵横交错，网络，可将你载到任何地方。
networks:网络
It is not known whether he has been evaluated by a neurologist recently.
关于他最近是否接受神经科医生的检查，尚不已知。
not known:不已知
China's older air - traffic - control systems exacerbate the delays.
中国陈旧的空中交通控制系统更是恶化。
exacerbate:恶化
Even when out at elbowsat his wits, end for money he kept up a bold face.
即使到了出去在直升机他的聪明，一筹莫展的地步，他也满不在乎。
out at elbowsat his wits:出去在直升机他的聪明
Even when out at elbowsat his wits, end for money he kept up a bold face.
即使到了一贫如洗，一筹莫展的地步，他也保留高大胆面孔。
kept up a bold face:保留高大胆面孔
Everybody will think that I am setting myself to captivate Mr. Boldwood.
大伙儿都以为我在动脑筋给博尔德伍德先生灌俘虏吧。
captivate:俘虏
Years of war culminated in nothing less than a brutal razing of the city.
经年的战争给这座城市带来的不亚于野蛮剃刀。
a brutal razing:野蛮剃刀
They are complaining about the lack of much razzle - dazzle in modern football.
他们抱怨现代足球中缺乏使对方暴风雨-闪耀的球艺。
razzle - dazzle:暴风雨-闪耀
The documentary focuses on the razzmatazz of an American political campaign.
这部纪录影片着重展现出一场美国政治运动令人剃须刀的一面。
razzmatazz:剃须刀
What China means by new is an Olympics taken to new heights of razzmatazz.
中国所说的”新”就是指一场新高度富丽堂皇的奥运会。
new heights:新高度
Its neutral tone allows a sexy draped design to transition seamlessly from day to night.
中性的色调可以无缝地地转变性感的垂吊式裙子的风格。
seamlessly:无缝地
Prince Bolkonsky was a very handsome young man, of medium height, with clear, clean - cut features.
博尔孔斯基公爵个子不大，是一个非常漂亮的青年，清洁-切断，面部略嫌消瘦。
clean - cut:清洁-切断
Before Sin City rose, this patch of Nevada was little more desert.
这座罪恶之称兴起之前，它所属的内华达州还基本是个沙漠(很小更多沙漠)。
little more desert:很小更多沙漠
Some men have a notion that women should never wear cosmetics.
有些男人认为女人应该永远穿戴化妆品。
never wear cosmetics:永远穿戴化妆品
A blind streak of stubbornness in him wouldn't let him back down.
盲目的顽固是不会让他让他背面倒下的。
let him back down:让他背面倒下
The opportunities for the amateur SETI researcher have never been better.
搜寻外星人业余研究人员有了有永远是的更好的好机会。
have never been better:有永远是的更好
For American dentists, times have never been better. The same cannot be said for Americans'teeth.
对美国的牙医来说，现在是有永远是的更好的好时期. 但是同时对美国人的牙来说就不是了。
have never been better:有永远是的更好
A convicted Vietnamese robber who escaped from prison 20 years ago has been re - arrested.
越南一名20年前越狱的罪犯再次是的再-被捕。
been re - arrested:是的再-被捕
Such a display has never been seen before / never before been seen.
这种展览有永远是的已见之前是的。永远之前是的已见。
has never been seen before / never before been seen:有永远是的已见之前是的。永远之前是的已见
Debt, the shift in the stock market but also the pattern of re - direct financing change.
债、股的是的转移也令市场直接融资格局再度发生改变。
the shift:是的转移
The scene made it to animatic, but was obviously never completed.
这幕戏制作了预演动画，但显然是永远完成了。
never completed:永远完成
I never want to ride in a chopper. Those things scare me.
我从不想乘直升机，那些玩意儿令我吓人。
scare:吓人
The marketing literature is also infamous for re - inventing itself and the times and the culture.
营销文学也因自我创造和与时俱进而不名誉。
infamous:不名誉
With skyrocketing amounts of money in hand, the only way out is re - investment, leading to overcapacity.
对于手中飞速上升的金钱，唯一的方法就是再投资，最后导致生产力过剩。
skyrocketing:飞速上升
Their work has been extremely important to the success of the re - launch.
他门的工作对品牌再造的成功起着非常重要的的作用。
extremely important:非常重要的
We must turn everything to account in order to develop our national economy at a rate never known before in our history.
我们必须利用一切条件，以利率永远已知之前的速度发展我国国民经济。
a rate never known before:利率永远已知之前
Except they have a tendency to just straight up purchase the technology rather then re - make it.
他们有意图就只是直线高的收购技术而非重新制造一遍。
just straight up:只是直线高
Our greatest glory consinsts not in never failing but in rising every time we fall.
人最大的荣耀不在于未曾失败，而在于每次失败都能在上升。
in rising:在上升
The family tried to bolster Melanie's courage after each of these disappointments.
每次打听没有结果的时候，全家人都支持媚兰不要失望。
disappointments:失望
Beside the window the enormous bed was made up, with ragged blankets and a coverless bolster.
窗户旁边那张巨大的的床已经整理完毕，铺了破旧的毛毯，还有个没遮盖的长枕头。
enormous:巨大的
Factories, companies and shops all set off deafening firecrackers to celebrate their re - opening.
工厂、各企业与商店都会在这天施放使人聋哑的鞭炮，欢庆于新春恢复开张。
deafening:使人聋哑
I've never heard such a load of old codswallop in my life.
我一辈子还从没有听到过这么一大堆老乌龟。
old codswallop:老乌龟
She gave me an answer that I had never heard before.
她的回答我永远听到之前。
never heard before:永远听到之前
It was that Stockhausen kept on looking for, and finding, sounds never heard before.
究其原因，施托克豪森保留上地在寻找并发现一些以前从未听到过的声音。
kept on:保留上
All of these people gave me a great deal of information I had never heard of.
这些人都给了我许多有永远听到的的知识。
had never heard of:有永远听到的
Grandfather had been a quiet old man who never made any trouble.
祖父是个安静的老人，从不惹是生非。
quiet:安静
Never mention It'see Chinese, want to input one Ge Chinese character extremely difficult.
别说看中文，想输入一个汉字都非常很困难。
extremely difficult:非常很困难
How can we work together - how should we work together - to end this crisis and re - build anew?
我们如何能够工作一起，又应怎样工作一起终止这次危机，重新振作?
work together:工作一起
How can we work together - how should we work together - to end this crisis and re - build anew?
我们如何能够工作一起，又应怎样工作一起终止这次危机，重新振作?
work together:工作一起
Hack together some bad code that's functional but hairy and you're building up debt.
哈克一起一些能用但让人汗毛直竖的编码，你就是在增加债务。
Hack together:哈克一起
When it comes to gossiping, Mrs white will never miss a trick.
要是说到闲话这样的事，怀特太太是从不错过这种机会的。
gossiping:闲话
We must never for a moment divorce ourselves from the masses.
我们永远一刻也不离婚自己从是的质量。
divorce ourselves from the masses:离婚自己从是的质量
Her beauty was never more resplendent than when she cast a parting glamor at the youth.
最后，她向年轻人瞥了一眼，她从未有过象向他投过这一瞥时那么铸造分离 glmo了。
cast a parting glamo:铸造分离 glmo
At the council broad he taciturn and never opened his lips.
在会议桌上他永远打开他的唇，从没张开嘴巴。
never opened his lips:永远打开他的唇
He felt quite out of place in such self - confident, arrogant company.
在这批自我-自信的人们面前，他真感得无地自容。
self - confident:自我-自信
He felt quite out of place in such self - confident, arrogant company.
在这批心满意得的人们面前，他真感得出去的地点。
out of place:出去的地点
But a real warrior never quits. Don't worry Master, I'll never quit.
但是真正的武士是永远退出的. 不用担心，大师.我是绝对不会放弃的。
never quit:永远退出
I would never quit, as long as there is any choice.
不到在那儿是任何选择，我决不退出。
there is any choice:在那儿是任何选择
He was probably piling it on when he told us the story of that airplane crash.
他告诉我们那次飞机失事的情节时大概是堆积它上的。
piling it on:堆积它上
We are re - discovering China's incomparably rich cultural heritage, as well as its immense economic potential.
我们正在重新发现中国不可比拟的、丰富多彩的文化遗产以及它巨大的经济潜力。
incomparably:不可比拟的
We are re - discovering China's incomparably rich cultural heritage, as well as its immense economic potential.
我们正在重新发现中国无与伦比、富人的文化遗产以及它巨大的经济潜力。
rich:富人
Although he is the strongest man in England, he would not say boo to a goose.
尽管他是英国最强的人，可他到鹅。
to a goose:到鹅
Lydgate's conceit was of the arrogant sort, never simpering, never impertinent.
利德盖特的自负是一种傲气，它从不嗤笑，从不不耐烦。
impertinent:不耐烦
When are by my side, I get re - energized and re - vitalized even after exhaustion.
当你在我身旁，我会重新恢复能量和活力即或是在疲劳之后。
exhaustion:疲劳
One of them enjoyed his first cigar so much he never smoked again.
有一位教友抽了第一支雪茄就享受，以致他从此戒烟。
enjoyed:享受
But I envied that the Sales Director also got although he never smoked.
但我看到不吸烟的“营业部主任”也有一份，又不禁嫉妒。
envied:嫉妒
It was never still for a minute, hurrying and laughing and talking to It'self.
它从不停留，匆匆而过但一路自己笑。
laughing:笑
A re - examination of the prevailing premises of our foreign policy is overdue.
对我们外交政策中占主导地位的出发点重新予以检讨，这已是迟到。
overdue:迟到
The whole class gathered round the student who had been unfairly failed, and demanded a re - examination.
全班都集合起来支持那个由于不公平的评分以致考试失败的学生，要求重考。
failed:失败
The men at the airport lounge also pointed out that the premium buys discretion.
那些机场行政酒廊里的男士还指出，高价能买到裁量。
discretion:裁量
I went on, using the characteristically bombastic language of the time.
我使用当时流行的 bombstic语言的语言接着说。
bombastic language:bombstic语言
Tom's increase in importance did not lead him to bombastic speeches at the party.
汤姆的荣升并未导致他在聚会上 bombstic发言。
bombastic speeches:bombstic发言
Mr Joe knew everyone intimately and never used a first name.
乔先生跟每个人都十分熟悉，但却从来不永远使用首先名字。
never used a first name:永远使用首先名字
It is better to be a has - been than a never - was.
[谚]宁可到是有，不能默默无闻。
to be a has:到是有
It is better to be a has - been than a never - was.
[谚]宁可昙花一现，不能永远-是。
a never - was:永远-是
If i never come across you, maybe i never will be all adrift.
如果我永远不再见你，也许你就不会永远的是所有漂泊。
be all adrift:是所有漂泊
It's never wise to put all your eggs in one basket.
放所有你的蛋在一个篮子，绝不是一件聪明的事。
put all your eggs in one basket:放所有你的蛋在一个篮子
If you're reading this, you are probably a budding wine enthusiast.
在读到这些的时候，你可能正是一个跳跃的葡萄酒爱好者。
budding:跳跃
China is one: Even if its nascent economic recovery falters, it will likely keep gobbling commodities.
中国就是其中之一: 即使中国的经济复苏犹豫不决，但它也很可能继续大肆购买大宗商品。
falters:犹豫不决
Reategui re - signed on January 10, 2005, over his handling of a four - day uprising by nationalist ex - soldiers.
雷亚泰吉因最近发生的延续4天的退役军人武装叛乱事件，2005年1月10日再-签名。
re - signed:再-签名
This has made the presidential election a whole new ball game.
这使得总统竞选成一场全新的竞争。
a whole new:全新
She wanted a new bike for Christmas and she got her wish.
她想在圣诞节得到一辆新的脚踏车，结果有她希望了。
got her wish:有她希望
America is experiencing a new breed of ambitious and educated young businessmen.
美国出现了一批野心的，教育水准高的新生代企业家。
ambitious:野心的
Everything is so messy since the new broom started working here.
自从这个新人开始在这儿工作，一切就变得那么杂乱。
so messy:那么杂乱
The new headmaster has changed many of the school rules. A new broom sweeps clean.
那位新校长已将校规做了许多改动. 真是A新布鲁姆搜查清洁。
A new broom sweeps clean:A新布鲁姆搜查清洁
What this department requires is a new broom to liven everyone else up.
这个部门需要的是一个能使所有的人都活泼的每个人都别的高的新官。
liven everyone else up:活泼的每个人都别的高
The diner was small, but bright and clean. Brand - new, built to resemble a converted railroad car.
这间餐厅虽小，但明亮及清洁，是新盖好的，故意搞得像是一节改造的火车车厢。
bright and clean:明亮及清洁
Thousands of new businesses have sprung up in the past two years.
在过去两年中，上千家新企业如发芽高般地涌现了出来。
sprung up:发芽高
The obvious remedy was to move quickly into new businesses promising more value.
向着能产生更多价值的新行业快速转型是很明显的良方。
obvious:很明显
Take a deep breath, and take responsibility for what you're writing.
你要取深呼吸，对自己的写作承担自己的责任。
Take a deep breath:取深呼吸
Pushy parents are noting new, but now parents seen to push their children a lot more.
父母都没有新鲜，普希，但现在的父母看见推着他们的孩子更多的东西。
Pushy:普希
Babbitt was thrilled, but not so weighted with awe as to be silent.
巴比特很兴奋，也还没到噤若寒蝉的地步。
thrilled:很兴奋
Babbitt was thrilled, but not so weighted with awe as to be silent.
巴比特肃然起敬，也还没到沉默的地步。
silent:沉默
He's done nothing but ruined you with his sneaking Italian tricks.
他对于你一无好处，只是用他那偷偷溜走的意大利手段毁了你。
sneaking:偷偷溜走
New comers cannot believe the place to be as meagre as it is described.
因此新门户的人，往往不相信这个地方真像人们描述的那样贫瘠。
New comers:新门户
I think the best way for new comers is to consult the Housing Office on campus.
对于新门户的人来说，我认为找住处最好的方法是问学校房屋出租办公室。
new comers:新门户
The promise to build a new district is no mere bureaucratic bravado.
建设新城区的承诺不仅仅是官僚式的布拉瓦多。
bravado:布拉瓦多
She had been long enough in bondage to other people's pleasure.
她充当别人喜悦的工具已多年了。
pleasure:喜悦
Love would put a new face on this weary old world.
爱会使这个讨厌的旧世界新面孔。
new face:新面孔
The old city district is a new face after rebuilding and construction.
这个老城区经过改造和建设，面貌新。
new:新
Human environment in the construction of the new folk music simple, hospitable people.
在人文环境建设方面，新乐简单，人民热情好客。
simple:简单
Human environment in the construction of the new folk music simple, hospitable people.
在人文环境建设方面，新乐民风纯朴，人民客气。
hospitable:客气
We convert him, we capture his inner mind, we reshape him.
我们要改造他，争取他的内心，使他重塑。
reshape:重塑
I decided to scribble out the messed up areas and rework them.
我决定涂掉那些混乱高的地方，去重画。
messed up:混乱高
Additional, Lai cement the new four - lane - south highway longitudinal City, a Zonghengjiaocuo, ease of land transport network.
增派、荔新四车道水泥公路纵贯本市南北，形成网络、四通八达的陆上交通网络。
network:网络
The new generation of writers has a place in the sun.
新一代的作家已经有地点在是的太阳。
has a place in the sun:有地点在是的太阳
They dance to educate their descendants, simulate spirits and build new homes.
他们以此教育后代，模拟精神，建设家园。
simulate spirits:模拟精神
As a new immigrant in this completely strange country she always felt isolated.
作为一个在这个完全陌生国度的新移民，她总是感觉到孤立。
isolated:孤立
When he heard the news he reacted with a sense of outrage.
他得悉此事时感觉的愤怒。
a sense of outrage:感觉的愤怒
New in town, she hadn't heard of their reputation for chasing off teachers.
她新，对镇上这群孩子赶走老师的名声尚无所闻。
New:新
He said the US believed in the rule law, unlike Al - Qaida which had no such constraints.
他还说美国不像基地组织那样有不如限制，美国相信法制。
had no such constraints:有不如限制
He has been in jail several times, but recently he seems to have turned over a new leaf.
他坐过几次牢，但近来似乎已转动以上新叶子。
turned over a new leaf:转动以上新叶子
The banks had argued impede the still - patchy economic recovery by crimping new lending.
各银行曾提出(一些监管机构也表示认同)，更严格的规定可能会抑制新发贷款，从而遏制仍然乱七八糟的经济复苏。
patchy:乱七八糟
His lack of certainty in writing represents the beginning of a new line of communication.
他写作上缺乏的确定性，表明一种新的表达方式已在开始。
lack of certainty:缺乏的确定性
And I felt just like a sullen new mom, not ready for her role.
并且我就像一个沉闷的新妈妈，来不及应付她的角色。
sullen:沉闷
When clouds shrouded that new moon, as they did this night, the people dispersed, alarmed.
当新月象今晚那样被云层遮住时，人们就警觉地散开了。
alarmed:警觉
I am afraid you have pulled a boner this time. Your staff members are all sleeves.
你这回恐怕是犯了一个有拖拉波纳的大错，你的职员都在窃笑呢。
have pulled a boner:有拖拉波纳
Such convolutions leave the reader in a high state of uncertainty about what you just said.
这样卷曲使读者因不能确定你所说的话而十分着急。
convolutions:卷曲
The casual reader, in Britain or America, thinks of Poe in connexion with certain gripping stories.
英国和美国的普通读者一想到波就联想到一些抓住的故事。
gripping:抓住
Welcome the general new old customer presence instruction - ------- Hopes our absolute sincerity cooperation, creates magnificently!
欢迎广大新老客户光临指导 -------- 愿我们绝对真诚合作，共创辉煌!
absolute sincerity cooperation:绝对真诚合作
New or repaired airplanes streamed to the delighted squadrons in numbers they had never known before.
新的或修复的飞机一架接一架地供给高兴的战斗机中队，其数量之多是他们前所未见的。
delighted:高兴
New or repaired airplanes streamed to the delighted squadrons in numbers they had never known before.
新的或修复的飞机一架接一架地供给喜出望外的战斗机中队，其数量之多是他们有永远已知之前的。
had never known before:有永远已知之前
He slipped easily into the new order of things without a question.
他就很容易，不知不觉地进入了新的生活阶段。
easily:很容易
He slipped easily into the new order of things without a question.
他就自然而然，没有问题地进入了新的生活阶段。
without a question:没有问题
He was inspired by a consuming passion for a new order of human life.
他被为人类生活建立新秩序而消费激情的激情所鼓动。
consuming passion:消费激情
Downtown, treasures from a bygone era were stored in a dusty field called the Neon Boneyard.
在市中心，过去的霓虹灯被堆放在一个叫“霓虹灯墓地”的地方，那里灰尘。
dusty:灰尘
Once the principal contradiction is grasped, all problems will be readily solved.
一旦抓住了主要矛盾，一切问题就容易已解决。
readily solved:容易已解决
As new orders keep pouring in, the workers are working three shifts to step up production.
因新的订单保持注水在，工人们正三班工作加速生产。
keep pouring in:保持注水在
The children looked as fresh as new paint after their bath.
孩子们洗完澡后显得看如新鲜如新油漆。
looked as fresh as new paint:看如新鲜如新油漆
The operation was a brilliant success, and a new person emerged.
手术非常成功，他新人出现。
a new person emerged:新人出现
I am an entirely new person, different from the person I were.
我是一个全新的自己，和过去已不同从是的人我是。
different from the person I were:不同从是的人我是
The idea that shopping is the new politics is certainly seductive.
购物就是一种新型政治表达方式，这一理念当然诱人。
seductive:诱人
Harry swears that this new program is the greatest sliced bread.
哈利发誓，说这个新项目是史上最伟大的工程。
swears:发誓
The settlement issue is raising tension between Israel's new right - wing government and Washington.
定居点问题加剧了以色列右翼新政府和美国政府的提高紧张。
raising tension:提高紧张
That little soldier of fortune was sleeping a rather troubled sleep in her new room alone.
那个追求幸福的小兵，正一个人独自麻烦睡地睡在新房子里。
troubled sleep:麻烦睡
Enter 21 centuries, a kind of brand - new sale sina tide is being swept across and come.
进入21世纪，一种全新的营销新浪潮正在扫除越过及来吧。
swept across and come:扫除越过及来吧
The finance department and the legal department are working in conjunction on the new share issue.
财务部和法务部工作在结合处理新的股票问题。
working in conjunction:工作在结合
They were always ready to go through fire and water for the sake of the friends.
他们随时准备为朋友去通过火焰及水。
go through fire and water:去通过火焰及水
As soon as we get the green light, we'll start advertising for new staff.
一获得是的绿色光，我们就将开始打广告招募新员工。
get the green light:获得是的绿色光
The next day there was an immense excitement in Boniface College, Oxbridge.
第二天，牛桥大学的博尼法斯学院引起了不可思议兴奋。
immense excitement:不可思议兴奋
Smith's new store opened last week and it's going great guns.
史密斯上周新开的店业绩去伟大的枪。
going great guns:去伟大的枪
Starting a new store is risky, but I think we will do fine.
开新店本来就会有风险，但我想我们会做好的的。
do fine:做好的
At the beginning of the new term, all the students conscientiously obeyed the rules of the school.
所有的学生，在上学初期，都很服从是的规则。
obeyed the rules:服从是的规则
But that's only to be expected since English is still rather new to them.
但这并只有到是预料，毕竟他们对英文的掌握还不理想。
only to be expected:只有到是预料
Many attacked it as a perversion of free - market economics and a departure from Reagan - style liberalism.
很多人攻击这个计划是对自由市场经济的曲解，并和里根模式的自由主义离开。
a departure:离开
Casting off its sensible sweater image, Volvo has recently released some strikingly stylish new vehicles.
离开它的有感觉毛衣图像投，富豪最近已经释放一些引人注目现代风格新的车辆。
strikingly:引人注目
At that moment, Jefferson created a new word, be little - belittle.
在那个时候，杰佛森创造了一个新的词语“是很小-轻微”。
be little - belittle:是很小-轻微
New York City quickly became the leading city of the coast.
纽约市很快成为沿海的领导的城市。
leading:领导
A week after our daughter was born, my wife Bonnie and I were completely exhausted.
我女儿出生的一个星期后，我和妻子都完全疲惫不堪了。
completely exhausted:完全疲惫不堪
There's always a broad mix of people so newbies won't feel out on a limb.
总是有一个各地人口的大熔炉，于是新移民来的人们不会感到感觉出去上肢体。
feel out on a limb:感觉出去上肢体
The land is the estate industry life, has the pivotal function to the realestate price formation.
土地是房地产业的命脉，对房地产价格的形成具有 pivotl的作用。
pivotal:pivotl
Player XXX, someone is seeking you in RL (Reallife)! Please leave the game NOW, URGENT!
玩家XXX有人找外面找你! 请立即退出游戏，重大!
URGENT:重大
Although has won the Numan West Asia, but danger in peace, Realmadrid must sound air alarm.
尽管赢了努曼西亚，但危险在和平，皇马仍要拉响空袭警报。
danger in peace:危险在和平
We're newcomers here and must be careful with what we do.
我们新人，得注意自己的一举一动。
newcomers:新人
But despite his newfound Christianity, it was not an easy transition.
可是尽管他信奉了基督教，转变并非轻松。
easy:轻松
Our level designers are working hard to create a breathtaking and realistic looking world.
关卡设计者正努力去创建一个令人叹息的的写实世界。
breathtaking:令人叹息的
Because bonze is sinful, ask in shade suffered a knife throw the penalty that curiums.
和尚由于罪恶，在阴问遭受了刀砍锯断的惩罚。
sinful:罪恶
You cannot improve a dull booby into a man of sense.
你不能把沉闷笨蛋的笨蛋改造成通情达理的人。
dull booby:沉闷笨蛋
The newly - designed glue is waterproof and can Bear endless heavy rain.
新型防水胶经得起连续的大雨冲刷，熊无限重雨。
Bear endless heavy rain:熊无限重雨
Drawing on newly discovered Nostradamus manuscripts, a startling new view of the world was revealed.
看到诺查丹玛斯手稿的最新近发现，一个惊奇的对世界的全新视野展现在眼前。
startling:惊奇
In the final analysis, power guest is a newly emerging things.
在是的最后分析，威客是一个新生事物。
In the final analysis:在是的最后分析
'Sir,' said the nephew,'we have done wrong, and are reaping the fruits of wrong.'
“先生，” 侄子说，“ 我们犯了错误，正在耕作是的水果的错误. ”
reaping the fruits of wrong:耕作是的水果的错误
It was queer how the TV picture kept reappearing even though the lights didn't flicker.
很奇怪，即使信号灯不闪烁，电视图像也一直保留重新出现。
kept reappearing:保留重新出现
He not only reaps a lot in literature, also shows a striking aesthetic world.
他不仅文学艺术成果丰富，美学世界也同样令人引人注目。
striking:引人注目
The government is fighting a rearguard action against the mass of public opinion.
政府冒天下之大不韪战斗后卫行动。
fighting a rearguard action:战斗后卫行动
Perfect combination of new reasonability and international style incorporation of art and manufacturing technology.
新理性主义与国际风格的完美组合，美学与制造工艺合并。
incorporation:合并
As though for reassurance he looked up at the imperturbable face in the portrait.
好像是为了取得支持，他抬头看一眼画像上的那张无动于衷的脸。
imperturbable:无动于衷
It embarrassed him that he had no idea of what was going on.
对所发生的事情有不想法，这让他很难堪。
had no idea:有不想法
He would find our bookhouse a liberal house, and so forth.
他会发现，我们的书店是自由主义者的;如此等等。
liberal:自由主义者
His life is as reassuringly bland as his daily turkey - wrap lunch.
他的人生就像他每日的火鸡卷午餐一样，安适自然却又沉闷。
bland:沉闷
INTP (Introverted thinking with intuiting): Faithful, preoccupied, and forgetful, these are the bookworms.
内向，凭洞察力思考): 忠实、焦急、以及疏忽/不注意，典型的书虫。
preoccupied:焦急
The houses and cars of the newly rich are huge but vulgar.
那位爆发户的房子和车子都巨大的，却也俗不可耐。
huge:巨大的
The scheme rebounded on her in a way she had not expected.
她未曾想到这计谋反倒使她反弹。
rebounded:反弹
In northwest such boondocks, besides meat and wine, there're flower and grass. Rare.
西北野蛮人，大口吃肉大碗喝酒之余，倒不忘小花小草小情小调，难得。
boondocks:野蛮人
The manager's rebukes in loud voice and stern expression have made the clerks gathered in the out office start with alarm.
老板责备的责备把聚集在办公室外的职员们吓坏了。
rebukes:责备
I hate to greet the committee with bad news, but it can't be helped.
我不愿让委员会听到坏消息，但这是不能是帮助的事。
can't be helped:不能是帮助
One sided news or journalism isn't news but propaganda in my opinion.
一个侧面的新闻或报导不是新闻而是宣传或导向。
One sided:一个侧面
The news was like a thunderbolt out of a clear sky.
这消息犹如闪电出去的清楚天空。
a thunderbolt out of a clear sky:闪电出去的清楚天空
That foreign news agency report hashed up the account of the accident.
那家外国通讯社对此事件的报导简直是散发高，牛头不对马嘴。
hashed up:散发高
She has thrown herself away upon that boor from sheer ignorance that better individuals existed!
只因为她投掷自己离开上道天下还有更好的人，她就嫁给了那个乡下佬!
thrown herself away upon:投掷自己离开上
At time he was almost seductively charming; at other times he was boorish and obtuse.
他有时几乎表现得诱人的魅力的，有时却土里土气象个十足的笨伯。
seductively charming:诱人的魅力的
The ministry of justice has purged the courts of recalcitrant judges, too.
司法行政部还撤掉了由冷酷的法官组成的法院。
recalcitrant:冷酷
Three prisoner escape two is recapture, but one is still at large.
3个囚犯逃跑，两个被抓回，但一个仍在大。
at large:在大
A typical news search -- for Afghanistan, say -- may generate few if any ads.
而一则典型的新闻搜索 ─ ─例如阿富汗 ─ ─搜索结果的广告很少。
few:很少
They had ascribed Pug's boozing and his depression to his loss of the California.
他们把帕格喝酒和沮丧归结为失掉“加利福尼亚号”的缘故。
depression:沮丧
I jumped out of my skin, when I recieved message of employment.
当收到被录用的信时，我跳过出去的我的皮肤。
jumped out of my skin:跳过出去的我的皮肤
Naturally, there should be mutual concession and there should be reciprocity.
自然，双方都要作些让步，并且要相互让步。
mutual concession:相互让步
Children perform dance routines, piano recitals, lute recitals, and Chinese calligraphy in public events.
小朋友们在在公众面前表演了舞蹈、钢琴、琵琶，以及百米长卷水墨画等等。
in public:在公众
I repeated them until I could recite seventy stories without dropping a word.
我反复背诵，直到我能没有降落词语地背出七十篇故事来。
without dropping a word:没有降落词语
I sent her a remarkable parrot that recites the entire Bible.
我要送她一只令人瞩目的的鹦鹉，这只鹦鹉可以将整部《圣经》背诵下来。
remarkable:令人瞩目的
I now practise reciting it mechanically in a sort of chant.
现在我的叙述是机械，呆板无味。
mechanically:机械
He reckons it's entirely natural that I should give him a present.
他认为我给他礼物是完全自然的。
entirely natural:完全自然
At a time when the network newsmagazines are close to being overrun by tabloid sensationalism.
在这个时代，主要电视网上的新闻杂志节目中，小报式的煽动报道几乎已是超时。
being overrun:是超时
I have a very sharp recollection of my last talk with him two years ago.
两年前我和他最后一次谈话的情景仍有非常尖锐回忆。
have a very sharp recollection:有非常尖锐回忆
He began to pour forth the particular recollections that popped up as he called for them.
他开始注水例如:地讲一桩桩召之即来的具体的回忆。
pour forth:注水例如:
Out of sheer boredom I would pick up a book and read on and on.
在纯粹的无聊中，随手抓过一本书来，读下去。
sheer boredom:纯粹的无聊
And, apart from a few Moscow - based newspapers, the media are mostly supine.
而除了一小部分总部设在莫斯科的报纸之外，媒体大都沉睡。
supine:沉睡
Unfortunately for newspapers, the internet is better at delivering some of that than paper is.
不幸的是，互联网在传递这些信息方面比报纸更好。
better:更好
In order to meet variable market demands, reconfigurable manufacturing system emerges.
为了满足多变的市场需求，可重构制造系统出现。
emerges:出现
She turned her back to Newt, looked into the infinite colonnade of the woods.
她转过身去背对着纽特，望着那无限的行道树。
infinite:无限
Mary collects folk song records; and the records in the store window made her mouth water.
玛丽收集民歌唱片，商店橱窗里的那些唱片使她所作的她口水。
made her mouth water:所作的她口水
The next ten or twelve pages were filled with a curious series of entries.
接下来的十几页记满了各种好奇的内容。
curious:好奇
Borrowing tapes from the library would be the next - best thing.
从资料库借磁带是是的下一个-最好的事情的办法。
the next - best thing:是的下一个-最好的事情
'Next best thing to tell the truth,'muttered Captain Smollett.'Load his gun, Hawkins.
“能说实话也是件好事，”斯摩莱特船长muttered说，“霍金斯，给他的枪装上弹药。
muttered:muttered
There are no tickets left for the Circus, the next best thing is the zoo.
马戏票没有了，那么是的下一个最好的事情，就是去动物园。
the next best thing:是的下一个最好的事情
We heard and believed that you were the next big thing and we were so proud.
我们都知道并且相信你会是下一个“大”的人，我们为你感到非常自豪。
big:大
We can't risk big things for the sake of small ones.
我们不能风险大一些事情为是的酒的小一个。
risk big things for the sake of small ones:风险大一些事情为是的酒的小一个
This should be the aim over the next decade, it is crucial to our survival.
这应该成为今后十年的奋斗目标，它关系到我们的生存。
survival:生存
Statistics were just as much a fantasy in their original version as in their rectified version.
论起幻想，从前的统计数字跟修改后的版本半斤八两，高下难分。
a fantasy:幻想
Jeanie followed her consequential and surly, but not brutal, conductor towards the rectory.
珍妮跟着这个结果、有点乖戾，但不算粗野的带路人向教区住宅走去。
consequential:结果
Eclectic style often highlights hand - me - down items, second - hand store finds, and other recyclables.
折衷派的风格常使得手-我-倒下的东西 —— 二手店里的货物或是其它可重复利用的物品光亮照人。
hand - me - down:手-我-倒下
The enterprise diligently has realized since continuously recycles waste, the protection environment, the benefIt'society's goal!
一直以来，企业努力实现回收废物、护环境、益社会的目标!
recycles waste:回收废物
The cream buns and sausage rolls were polished off in next to no time.
转眼之间，奶油面包和腊肠卷就被是抛光取消。
were polished off:是抛光取消
Man of the flowers fluttering in the air, the red banner of the tireless running.
满把的鲜花在空中飞舞，鲜红的旗帜在不耐烦地奔跑。
tireless:不耐烦
I'm sorry, I next to nothing about the new email program.
抱歉，我对新的电子邮件程序几乎没什么关于。
nothing about:没什么关于
Shoes of Red - crowned Crane Brand help you walk in a natural and unrestrained way.
仙鹤皮鞋伴君无限制路面一回。
unrestrained way:无限制路面
The red shirts have lost their leaders, who are either in jail or on the run.
红衫军则失去了他们的领导人，这些领导者不是在监狱就是逃亡在外。
in jail:在监狱
Some red shirts complain that the prime minister's plan was too vague and lacked teeth.
还有一些红衫军指责到，阿批实的大选计划也模糊缺乏细节。
too vague:也模糊
We a proven track record, shown clearly with the Boston Red Sox.
我们有一套证明追踪记录的策略，已经在波士顿红袜成功应验。
a proven track record:证明追踪记录
Boring but serious English - you are the Red - Thread - Woven Ball (love ball) that I have dreamed to obtain.
枯燥、专业的英语，你就是我有做梦到获得的“红绣球”啊!
have dreamed to obtain:有做梦到获得
For Sprint Nextel, an embattled American wireless operator, it offers the chance of a comeback.
对于陷入困境的美国无线运营商SprintNextel，这不失为一次东山再起的良机。
embattled:陷入困境
For Sprint Nextel, an embattled American wireless operator, it offers the chance of a comeback.
对于四面楚歌的美国无线运营商SprintNextel，这不失为一次重返的良机。
comeback:重返
Firefighters lifted the car with a jack and removed Borowski, who was dehydrated and confused.
消防员用千斤顶抬起了汽车后，救出了老太太.她已经脱水了，还有点混淆。
confused:混淆
He that gain well and spend well needs no account book.
获利好的及花钱好的，不需记帐。
gain well and spend well:获利好的及花钱好的
She was overjoyed and rewarded the redcoat a goblet of wine, which he drank with relish.
那女士高兴极了，奉酒一杯，那英兵喝得与享受。
with relish:与享受
The Doppler redshift and the cosmological redshift are governed by two distinct formulas.
都卜勒红移和宇宙学红移是由两个分开的准则所支配。
distinct:分开
We're extremely encouraged by our findings, and keen to see the approach adopted within the NHS.
我们的发现非常鼓励，渴望该方法在NHS中得到采用。
encouraged:鼓励
On the whole ita good plan, at which we shouldn't nibble.
总的来说，这个计划是好的，我们不应。
nibble:
But an ill - crafted REDD could be at the "junk end of the risk spectrum"
但是，病-制造的的REDD可以处于 “风险级别的垃圾区 ”
ill - crafted:病-制造的
I'll give Redd a few more games before I call him complete liar & selfish player.
现在我不会叫他(里德)骗子，叫他自私的家伙，我还会等几场比赛再说。
selfish:自私
Wilson called Redding to his office and searched her bag, finding nothing.
威尔逊把雷丁叫到办公室，对她的书包进行搜查，但发现没什么。
finding nothing:发现没什么
As soon as the lights were out, these untiring nibblers set to work.
灯火一熄，这些不疲倦的爱咬东西的家伙就开始闹将起来。
untiring:不疲倦
Standoffish by nature, Borzois need extensive exposure to people and to unusual sights and sounds.
因为猎狼的性情冷淡，所以需要提供和人类全方位接触的机会，而且要多接触不寻常的声音和可见物体。
unusual:不寻常
She used to be such a nice girl until she went wrong, now there's little hope for her.
她失足以前一直是一个挺正派的姑娘，现在几乎是很小希望了。
little hope:很小希望
The southern and western parts of Cap Ferrat are still nice, but not so spectacular anymore.
费拉角的南部和西部也是很美的，但没有之前的景观那么壮观。
spectacular:壮观
Manchester United defender Gaby Heinze is emerging as one of the hottest Bosman prospects this year.
曼切斯特联后卫海因策是今年最最热的博斯曼球员之一。
hottest:最热
The gun goes off, and the brunette quickly captures first, with the redhead coming in second.
发令枪响，只见黑发女子迅速领先，红发女子即将到来的在秒。
coming in second:即将到来的在秒
The Emperor's forces rediscovered human worlds, cast out alien oppressors, and claimed new territory aplenty.
帝皇的军队东征西讨，被命名的新领土极度的，重新发现一度失落的人类世界，驱逐异星压迫者。
laimed new territory aplenty:被命名的新领土极度的
Like Bosquet's in 1854, Mr Sarkozy's judgment was harsh and correct.
正如1854年的波苏克将军一样，萨科奇先生的判断可谓严酷及正确。
harsh and correct:严酷及正确
This indulgence was in accordance with the general policy of the redmen.
这种宽容的气度，是红种人一贯使用的策略。
indulgence:宽容
ARIES MATE You will not tolerate being bossed around by your mate.
你不能容忍被你的配偶是老板四周。
being bossed around:是老板四周
Let us redouble our exertions, and strike with united strength while life and power remained.
让我们加倍努力，只要一息尚存，力量还在，就与联合力量打击敌人吧。
with united strength:与联合力量
Nickels and quarters by the score could vanish as lemons tried to mate with plums.
大批的五分镍币和两角五银币，在柠檬企图同李子相配时消失得消失。
vanish:消失
His immaculate appearance gave him the nickname of "The Dude" among some.
他那不洁净的外表，使他在有些人之中赢得了“花花公子 ” 的浑名。
immaculate:不洁净
My Bostonian bug out to be one of many on the forefront of an unprecedented resurgence.
我的这只来自波士顿的臭虫被证明是史无前例的复苏的众多臭虫中的一只。
unprecedented:史无前例
Framton turned toward his niece with a look of sympathetic comprehension.
福拉姆敦转过脸向他侄女投以同情的眼色。
sympathetic:同情
She thought it brave of her niece even to have dressed.
她认为她的侄女很顽强，因为她甚至有穿着好了。
have dressed:有穿着
The explosive images and conjunctions, often contradictory, are reductive and then romantic.
这些爆发性的意象和结合常常相互矛盾，减少性而又富于浪漫色彩。
reductive:减少性
Meanwhile, should ground of bold and resolute solves agriculture low - level reduplicative problem.
与此同时，应大胆及决心地解决农业低水平重复的问题。
bold and resolute:大胆及决心
They can't both win the prize, but it looks like a dead heat between them.
他们两人不可能同时获得那个奖，可两人的实力又是那么看起来如死亡热。
looks like a dead heat:看起来如死亡热
EXAMPLE: The impatient boss angers his employees by arguing with them over niggling little details.
这位不耐烦的老板为很小详情的小事与员工争论，惹恼了他们。
little details:很小详情
He put his whole self into the job, working night and day.
他工作夜及一天地把全部身心都投入那项工作中。
working night and day:工作夜及一天
I don't know how Ann stands for her husband's behaviourcomes home dead drunk nearly every night.
我不知道安是怎么忍受她丈夫的行为的，他几乎每天晚上回家时都死亡醉汉。
dead drunk:死亡醉汉
Oh! Mama, how spiritless, how tame was Edward's manner in reading to us last night!
啊，妈妈! 昨晚爱德华给我们朗诵时是多么没有精神，无精打彩啊!
spiritless:没有精神
Oh! Mama, how spiritless, how tame was Edward's manner in reading to us last night!
啊，妈妈! 昨晚爱德华给我们朗诵时是多么萎靡不振，驯服啊!
tame:驯服
Her distraught mother had spent all night waiting by the phone.
她母亲沮丧，在电话旁守了一个晚上。
distraught:沮丧
Day and night to pay, is not waiting for material reward.
日及夜地付出，等待的却不是物质上的回报。
Day and night:日及夜
Day after day and night after night we have wandered among the crumbing wonders of Rome.
日之后一天及夜之后夜，我们在罗马名胜古迹的废墟中徘徊。
Day after day and night after night:日之后一天及夜之后夜
The factories hummed and the whole British nation toiled night and day.
在工厂里机器之声 hummed，整个不列颠民族夜以继日地辛勤劳动。
hummed:hummed
The factories hummed and the whole British nation toiled night and day.
在工厂里机器之声震耳欲聋，整个不列颠民族夜及一天地辛勤劳动。
night and day:夜及一天
Thou hast risen late, my crescent moon, my night bird is still awake to greet thee.
我的新月啊，你已升起迟到，但我的夜莺仍清醒地问候你。
risen late:升起迟到
Han Fei's essays are full of miseries and abound with blood and tears, which make readers moved deeply.
呜咽凄楚，文章处处寓深沉的身世之悲，满纸血泪，激越沉痛的真情被移动深深地；
moved deeply:被移动深深地
And returning to himself, he said: How many hired servants in my father's house abound with bread, and I here perish with hunger?
他返回到：我父亲有多少佣工，都口粮丰盛，我在这里反要饿死！
returning to:返回到
Here is with beautiful environment, the scenery is beautiful, near the mountain and by the river, the marine product is abundant, abound with apples.
这里环境优美，风景秀丽，靠近是的山及以是的河，海产品丰富，盛产苹果。欢迎您来这里参观。
near the mountain and by the river:靠近是的山及以是的河
Above all, EU officials fear contagion spreading to Spain, a much bigger economy.
上面所有，欧盟官员害怕危机会蔓延到更大经济体西班牙。
Above all:上面所有
By the oaths of citizens whose simple word is above suspicion, we have fastened this awful crime, beyond all possibility of question, upon the unhappy prisoner at the bar.
简单词语不容置疑，据此，我们认定这起可怕的谋杀案，毫无疑问，系被告席上这个不幸的犯人所为。
simple word:简单词语
By the oaths of citizens whose simple word is above suspicion, we have fastened this awful crime, beyond all possibility of question, upon the unhappy prisoner at the bar.
言简意赅上面怀疑，据此，我们认定这起可怕的谋杀案，毫无疑问，系被告席上这个不幸的犯人所为。
above suspicion:上面怀疑
China has to develop her economy to remain abreast of other countries.
中国必须发展经济以便与其他国家留下例如:。
remain abreast:留下例如:
Knowledgeable in current and developing policies, industry trends, and moreover stays abreast of information which could affect and influence the organization.
对于现在和将来的市场政策、行业趋势以及其它可能对公司产生影响的信息知识性。
Knowledgeable:知识性
No one can absolve him from his sins, for his forbidden love is firm and strong.
这份禁断之爱坚固及坚固，没人能赦免他的罪。
firm and strong:坚固及坚固
A desperate honesty that throbs through his confession does not absolve him from sins of diabolical cunning.
他透过自白表达出的颤抖通过的诚实并不能令他的恶魔般的狡诈受到赦免。
throbs through:颤抖通过
The elements of weakness which mark every person cannot absolve me from the burdens and blessings of responsibility for myself and to others.
每个人都有弱点，但我为自己与他人排忧解难和祈求祝福的责任并不能因此免除。
weakness:弱点
The elements of weakness which mark every person cannot absolve me from the burdens and blessings of responsibility for myself and to others.
每个人都有不足之处，但我为自己与他人免除和祈求祝福的责任并不能因此免除。
absolve:免除
earth up the fine that the root has read this book and understands an author to suffer from the intention, he stands up remonstrate, for author absolve.
培根读过此书并了解作者的意图，他站起来表示异议，为作者开脱。
intention:意图
I have formed the good habit of being absorbed in eating.
我已经养成了是吸收地吃饭的好习惯。
being absorbed:是吸收
The writer was absorbed in his writing that he forgot to flick the ashes from his cigar.
作家是吸收地进行写作，以致于忘了弹去雪茄烟的烟灰。
was absorbed:是吸收
While walking along the sidewalk, he was so absorbed in thought that he ran against a passer - by.
他走在人行道上时，是那么吸收地想心事，以致和一个过路人撞了个满怀。
was so absorbed:是那么吸收
In the new country he became absorbed in making a new life for the two of us, so that he gradually ceased to grieve.
在这个新的国家里，爸爸成为吸收地为我们俩开创一种新的生活，慢慢地不伤心了。
became absorbed:成为吸收
For others, it means encouraging teens to abstain from sex altogether until the time comes for marriage.
而另外一些人看来，性教育则意味着鼓励青少年在结婚之前弃权从性别总的来说。
abstain from sex altogether:弃权从性别总的来说
That haughtiness will be his grounds for vexation, for he'll speak in pride & conceit. Seeing this, one should abstain from debates. No purity is attained by them, say the skilled.
骄傲是失败之母，而他依然骄傲&设想，夸夸其谈，看到这种情形，应该回避争论，因为智者认为纯洁不靠争论。
pride & conceit:骄傲&设想
We can provide more than enough genetic information to account for the variability in nature.
可提供的遗传信息对于解释自然界中的变异性来说已经更多比够了。
more than enough:更多比够了
Florida, accustomed to outsized influence in national elections, decided it could do better.
佛罗里达州向来喜欢在全国选举中超尺寸，扩大影响。
outsized:超尺寸
Brahma Chellaney of the Center for Policy Research believes Indians have become accustomed to terrorism.
政策研究中心的布拉马。切拉尼认为，印度人已经变得对恐怖主义成为习惯。
become accustomed:成为习惯
Analysts say consumers are growing more accustomed to spending small amounts of money casually for digital content.
分析人士表示，消费者对偶尔花费少量的钱购买数字内容越来越习惯。
accustomed:习惯
Mrs Griffiths, because of years of difficulties of various kinds, was more or less accustomed to scenes such as this.
格里菲恩太太因为困难的各种各种类型，多少已经习惯于这样的场面。
difficulties of various kinds:困难的各种各种类型
If you are accustomed to hearing names or titles used frequently, American conversations may sound unfriendly and impersonal to you.
如果你平时听惯了不离名衔的谈话，就觉者美国人说话不客气，不人道。
impersonal:不人道
On a recent visit to Moscow, Russian friends told me they would be fine because they are accustomed to surviving when everything falls apart.
最近访问莫斯科时，俄罗斯朋友告诉我，他们会安然无事，因为他们已习惯于在一切降落分开的环境中求生存。
everything falls apart:一切降落分开
Low-key policies that seemed adequate a couple of years ago have struggled to keep pace with the explosive growth of trade.
欧盟软调的国家政策在多年前似乎令人满意，而现在正有苦战地紧跟势如爆炸的贸易增长。
have struggled:有苦战
The idea that philanthropists might rescue ailing titles first surfaced a couple of years ago, when the Tribune Group was for sale.
几年前，当论坛报业集团出售时，认为慈善家也许可以拯救痛苦标题的报业的想法就开始萌芽了。
ailing titles:痛苦标题
It took a lavish state dinner and a couple of gatecrashers to restore the sense that this was a relationship that mattered in the grand scheme of things.
在一顿丰盛的国宴和一对儿敲门员的拜访之后，这样一种感觉才得以恢复：在国际大背景下，美印两国关系很重要。
gatecrashers:敲门员
Creating false identities used to be easy: an intelligence officer setting off on a job would take a scuffed passport, a wallet with a couple of credit cards, a driving licence and some family snaps.
过去制造假身份证件简直轻松：准备执行任务的情报人员会随身携带一个磨旧的护照，一张驾驶证，塞着几张信用卡和一些家庭大头贴的皮夹。
easy:轻松
In Georgia's enclaves, Russian forces have acted as self-interested troublemakers, not as neutral peacekeepers.
在格鲁吉亚的领土上，俄罗斯军队表现的像自私的麻烦制造者，而不是中立的维和人员。
self-interested:自私
Destocking acted as a further drag, though inventories have further to fall, which does not bode well for the future.
虽然库存还有下降余地，但储量削减也起到了更进一步拖拉的作用，这可不是什么好兆头。
further drag:更进一步拖拉
Any thing can be acted for. Love, things of the past, memory, disappointment, time … … can be acted for. But you can't have no dint from pull out.
任何东西都可被替代。爱情，往事，记忆，失望，时间……都可以被替代。但是你不能有不迪恩特从拉出去。
have no dint from pull out:有不迪恩特从拉出去
The problem is that officials in China appear to be addicted to European luxury brands.
但问题在于，中国的官员们似乎陷入欧洲奢侈品牌之中是成瘾者。
be addicted:是成瘾者
But observes according to reporter, because the opportunity takes the pulse not to permit to add on begins the evening, the Jiangcheng travel agency fears with Austria superheatings just misses.
但据记者观察，由于时机“把脉”不准加上动手晚，江城旅行社恐与“奥运热”错过。
misses:错过
Mr Obama promotes a more ambitious version of candidate Clinton's 1992 vision of activist government, with a dose of belligerent trade talk added on.
奥巴马增加了一剂极具进攻性的贸易对话机制，将克林顿1992年时关于激进政府的远景推进为一种更加野心的的版本。
ambitious:野心的
It's not even about competing with my classmates on who has the most Stars but whenever i have just one more Star added on to my card, I'm on cloud nine.
这并不关乎要和我的同学比较谁人有最多奖星贴纸，而是每当我的'星卡'上贴上一颗新的奖星，我就会高兴得像到了上云九。
on cloud nine:上云九
Other price increases, of fuel, glass and metal, add to the pressure.
燃油、玻璃和金属等其它物价的上涨更使情况增加到是的压力。
add to the pressure:增加到是的压力
If I were you, I would take Tom's advice, what he said was add up.
如果我是你，我就会采纳汤姆的意见，因为他说的是增加高。
was add up:是增加高
Although the progress you can make in a single moment may not seem like much, those small moments can add up over time to big achievements.
虽然你在每个时刻所能取得的进步看上去可以不似乎如很多，这些小的时刻却会叠加起来，随着时间的推移，便成了大的成就。
may not seem like much:可以不似乎如很多
OVG adhere to "Quality, Service, Price" to meet the challenge to enhance strength and improve the domestic and international competitiveness.
公司坚持以“品质、服务、价格”来约会是的挑战，以必胜的信念来增强实力，提高国内、国际竞争力。
meet the challenge:约会是的挑战
The United States is already paying a price for its failure to adjust to the new world.
反观美国，已经为它落伍于新世界的步伐而在支付价格。
paying a price:支付价格
Diligence — Foolish as a person is he can succeed in his work if he works hard. That does not admit of any doubt.
勤勉――一个人虽然不大聪明但是他地能做成他的工作如果他苦干的话。那是是的不承认的任何怀疑的。
does not admit of any doubt:是的不承认的任何怀疑
Diligence — Foolish as a person is, he can succeed in his work if he works hard. That does not admit of any doubt.
勤奋――一个人虽然不大聪明，但是他地能做成他的工作，如果他苦干的话。那是是的不承认的任何怀疑的。
does not admit of any doubt:是的不承认的任何怀疑
Diligence — Foolish as a person is, he can succeed in his work if he works hard. That does not admit of any doubt.
勤勉――一个人虽然不大伶俐，但是他地能做成他的工作，如果他苦干的话。那是是的不承认的任何怀疑的。
does not admit of any doubt:是的不承认的任何怀疑
Diligence — Foolish as a person is, he can succeed in his work if he works exert. That does not admit of any doubt.
勤勉――一独立个体虽然不大聪明，但是他地能做成他的工作，如果他苦干的话。那是是的不承认的任何怀疑的。
does not admit of any doubt:是的不承认的任何怀疑
This is a universally accepted principle of international law that the territory sovereignty doesn't admit of infringement.
一个国家的领土不容侵犯，这是国际法中普遍接受的准则。
universally accepted:普遍接受
Diligence — Foolish as a calDannynouncedrnedson is, he Danny succeed in instant diameter if he diameters slave. That Egypt possibly admit of brick doubt.
勤勉――一独立个体虽然不大聪明，但是他地能做成他的务工，假如他苦干的话。那是承认的砖怀疑的。
admit of brick doubt:承认的砖怀疑
Avoidance as sisters rarely admit to being angry — just worn-out and disappointed.
“回避型帮助者”极少会承认自己生气--只是疲惫不堪，失望。
worn-out:疲惫不堪
adopt it As the ideal of science is not to pay the price.
采纳它作为科学的理想并非没有支付是的价格。
pay the price:支付是的价格
Client remain fearful of big decisions of the kind that McKinsey likes to advise on.
客户们对麦肯锡所津津乐道的“大”决定仍然留下害怕。
remain fearful:留下害怕
Aren't you afraid of the freezing cold, the biting winds and the blinding blizzards?
你不怕是的冰冻冷，海风刺骨，不怕暴风雪把眼睛刮得睁不开吗？
the freezing cold:是的冰冻冷
You might be surprised to learn that, in fact, your partner is hesitant about initiating physical contact because he or she is afraid of appearing overeager, and insensitive.
你也许会惊讶地发现，事实上，你的伴侣对进行身体接触感到犹豫是因为他或她担心显得过于饥渴及（对你的病痛）不敏感。
insensitive:不敏感
The poor queen was so scared and humbled that she was even afraid to hang the composer without first consulting me.
可怜的王后害怕，威风扫地，甚至于没先征求我的同意，就不敢把那个作曲者处以绞刑。
scared:害怕
The poor queen was so scared and humbled that she was even afraid to hang the composer without first consulting me.
可怜的王后魄散魂离，谦卑，甚至于没先征求我的同意，就不敢把那个作曲者处以绞刑。
humbled:谦卑
After all these years of working together, he is more than a friend to me.
他和我共事那么多年，岂只是我的普通朋友//我们已成更多比朋友。
more than a friend:更多比朋友
After all, those who constantly talk of war sometimes trigger it, accidentally or on purpose.
毕竟，战争有时就是由那些一直谈论战争的人偶然中引发的。
accidentally:偶然
Against a rainy day, always have the idea that resolves the crisis.
反对下雨一天，总有解决危机的办法。
Against a rainy day:反对下雨一天
Be like not against a rainy day, certainly will brings adverse effect to shipping development.
如不不反对下雨一天，势必给航运业发展带来不利影响。
not against a rainy day:不反对下雨一天
Look from current condition, this issue is not outstanding still, but we must against a rainy day.
从目前的情况看，这个问题还不突出，但我们必须反对下雨一天。
against a rainy day:反对下雨一天
Against a rainy day, we are necessary to note a variety of one negative effect that play high-tech to bring.
反对下雨一天，我们有必要注意一下高科技带来的种种负面效应。
Against a rainy day:反对下雨一天
Common saying says "against a rainy day", people cares atmosphere, can dismiss the worry that gets accident wind and cloud-a stormy or unstable situation.
俗话说“未雨绸缪”，人们关心气象，可以免受不稳定情况的困扰。
unstable situation:不稳定情况
Sweet clew: Work should against a rainy day, be prepared for danger in times of safety, such is in when dangerous and abrupt advent, ability is unapt hurry-scurry.
温馨提示：做事应该反对下雨一天，居安思危，这样在危险忽然降临时，才不至于手忙脚乱。“书到用时方恨少”，平常若不充实学问，临时抱佛脚是来不及的。
against a rainy day:反对下雨一天
Sweet clew: Work should against a rainy day, be prepared for danger in times of safety, such is in when dangerous and abrupt advent, ability is unapt hurry-scurry.
温馨提示：做事应该未雨绸缪，是准备为危险在时间的安全，这样在危险忽然降临时，才不至于手忙脚乱。“书到用时方恨少”，平常若不充实学问，临时抱佛脚是来不及的。
be prepared for danger in times of safety:是准备为危险在时间的安全
Against a rainy day word auto industry retains as the car increase of the quantity considerably, oil resource be about to dried up this one view is not sensational.
未雨绸缪话汽车工业随着汽车保有量的大幅增加，石油资源即将枯竭这一说法并非感官性。
sensational:感官性
Smiling against one's own will can lead to depression, affect the immune system, cause higher blood pressure and other problems, he said.
微笑反对一个自有意志可能导致忧郁，影响免疫系统，造成高血压等问题，他说。
Smiling against one's own will:微笑反对一个自有意志
After a great deal of thought, as well as discussion with my family, I have decided to retire from basketball.
在经过与我的家人认真商量及本人的伟大的交易的思索之后，我决定退出篮坛。
a great deal of thought:伟大的交易的思索
The number of data is growing day by day, so a great deal of data is described as "data abundance, but information indigence".
数据量生长一天以一天，大量的数据被描述为“数据丰富，但信息贫乏”。
growing day by day:生长一天以一天
Her punishment accumulated; she continued to bear it, however, with a good deal of superficial fortitude.
她受的折磨日见严重，但她还是忍受着，表面上还是一副与好的交易的表面毅力的样子。
with a good deal of superficial fortitude:与好的交易的表面毅力
A good deal of what Mr Green says is mere boasting, but his self - assured manner enables him to carry it off.
格林先生所说的话，许多只是吹嘘而已，但他那种自恃的态度使他自我-确信地应付了过去。
self - assured:自我-确信
But in fact, a great many men will cheerfully face impoverishment if they can thereby secure complete ruin for their rivals.
但事实上，许多人会愉快地地面对贫困，只要这样做能导致对手的彻底毁灭。
cheerfully:愉快地
The costs of our investment in education, high as they may be, pale by comparison to the costs we spend importing a great many sedans every year.
教育投资，花的钱可能很多，但与我们每年花在进口大量小轿车上的钱相比就显得苍白了。
pale:苍白
This was not what was expected, since it did not agree with earlier work.
而这并不是预期的结果，因为这与前期的研究不同意。
not agree:不同意
Like the foods they aim at, fat taxes look appetising but can have nasty effects.
就像这些食品一样，肥胖税看起来喜悦的，却可能产生不良后果。
appetising:喜悦的
Like the foods they aim at, fat taxes look appetising but can have nasty effects.
就像这些食品一样，肥胖税看起来美味可口，却可能产生恶毒效果。
nasty effects:恶毒效果
Be alert to give service. What counts most in life is what we do for others.
愿意随时是警报到给予服务：生命中最有价值的事物，是我们为他人所做的事。
Be alert to give service:是警报到给予服务
In Hong Kong we have reason to be proud of our achievements in the past thirty years, but we have to be alert to challenges which lie ahead.
过去三十年，香港成就骄人，实在值得我们自豪，不过对于今后的种种挑战，我们却不可掉以轻心。
have to be alert:有到是警报
Day by day: night by night: lifted, flooded and let fall.
它就这样夜以夜地被举起来，浮在海潮上，接着又沉下去。
night by night:夜以夜
This demand for clarity of thought and exactness of definition left his victims confused and reeling.
他这种对思路清晰性和定义严密性的追求使被问者混淆，头晕目眩。
confused:混淆
This demand for clarity of thought and exactness of definition left his victims confused and reeling.
他这种对思路清晰性和定义严密性的追求使被问者狼狈不堪，。
reeling:
Because everything is tightly integrated, you avoid reentering information, which saves time and reduces errors.
由于所有的功能都是严密地综合在一起，所以避免了重复输入信息，从而节省了时间和减少误差。
tightly integrated:严密地综合
Computers may one day turn night into day -- with good old, natural sunlight.
一个一天，计算机会以美妙而古老的自然光线把夜晚变成白昼。
one day:一个一天
Late at night, nothing can be seen in the dark room.
深夜，黝暗的屋子里没什么可以是已见在是的黑暗房间。
nothing can be seen in the dark room:没什么可以是已见在是的黑暗房间
His experience was only the experience of the majority of that industrious night - school in the cabin.
他的经验教训，不过是舱内那批勤奋的夜校学生中多数人的经验教训罢了。
industrious:勤奋
Are you going to tell me or to keep it bottled up as usual?
你是打算现在告诉我呢 ?还是想跟往常那样保持它瓶装高?
keep it bottled up:保持它瓶装高
The Night Stalker is at home at night. He attacks and moves more swiftly.
暗夜魔王在夜色中迅速，他的攻击和移动要比在白天快得多。
swiftly:迅速
To the credit of many, nighttime activities to become common again.
让大家向是的信用证的是，晚间活动又开始活跃起来。
To the credit:向是的信用证
But above all they contain a bottomless reserve of cheap labour.
但是主要是这些地方有无底的廉价劳动力储备。
bottomless:无底
He picked up his glass and emptied it, and the footman came forward to refill it.
他拿起酒杯，空洞它后侍从又为他斟满。
emptied it:空洞它
Even from the first, the words went wrong, the catbird pecked away the nightingale.
一开始字里行间就去了错误，猫声鸟居然把夜莺啄得铩羽而归。
went wrong:去了错误
Even from the first, the words went wrong, the catbird pecked away the nightingale.
一开始字里行间就漏洞百出，猫声鸟居然把夜莺啄得被剥夺离开。
pecked away:被剥夺离开
The essential ingredient is a nightmarish sense of bewildered helplessness against a vast sinister, impersonal bureaucracy.
主要成分是一种面对庞大的，阴险的、非人格化的官僚机构而产生的使人迷惘的、无助的梦魇般的感受。
helplessness:无助
Chinese reform - through - labour institutions encourage criminals who have special skills to contribute to society.
对有有特别技能的罪犯，中国劳改机关鼓励他们发挥特长为社会作出贡献。
have special skills:有特别技能
In the early months of reformasi, dozens of Islamist parties sprang up.
在reformasi运动头几个月里，数十个伊斯兰主义政党如跳动高般冒出来。
sprang up:跳动高
Super shining reflection particles can refract light, and make lips shining with excellent effect.
超亮反射微粒，全方位折射立体光芒，炫亮色彩，非常出色!
excellent:非常出色
Treated at that time the boudoir young lady to say, this wascommendable.
就当时一个待嫁闺中的小姐来讲，这是值得推荐的。
wascommendable:值得推荐
I find It'so refreshing to work with young people in this department.
我发现和这一部门的青年一起工作令人更新。
refreshing:更新
Reserved when required refreshingly unbiased and refreshingly not anti - Chelsea unlike the rest of his Sky cohorts.
有需要时会表现得含蓄、清爽地无偏见、而且清爽地不是切黑 – 跟他其余在天空体育的同伴不同。
unbiased:无偏见
Developers don't like the fuss but they have no intention of refunding money.
发展商不希望是的惊慌，但是他们没有提及退钱的事情。
the fuss:是的惊慌
Nikki began to feel abashed by his praise of her beauty.
他赞美着尼基的美貌，使她羞得感觉淡淡。
feel abashed:感觉淡淡
She instantly rose with a blush which was not a refutation.
她倏地站了起来，脸色虽然红扑扑的，但并没有不反驳的意思。
not a refutation:不反驳
The contrast refutes the notion that a strong, perhaps totalitarian state, is required for successful reform.
两国改革的对比驳斥了一个坚固的概念，那就是极权主义国家或许可以成功改革。
strong:坚固
He was regaining much confidence as Carrie defended herself with denials.
既然嘉莉与否认，为自己辩解，他对嘉莉的信赖又大大恢复了。
with denials:与否认
Once the banking system regains its strength, the banks will pay back the British people.
一旦银行体系恢复它的力量，银行将回报英国人民。
regains its strength:恢复它的力量
I bid her be cautious lest she got a fall, and she nimbly disappeared.
我叫她小心点，不然她就要跌下去，她很灵敏地消失了。
disappeared:消失了
Cush also begot Nimrod who was the first man of might on earth.
卡什还生了尼姆罗德，尼姆罗德是世上第一个可能的人。
might:可能
Before the change, but China's internal regime change, rulers, were viewed as a foreign invasion.
以前的内部政权改变，只是中国内部的政权更换，满清入关，则被视为外侵。
internal regime change:内部政权改变
It eschews complicated workout regimens, tedious calorie counting, and loss gimmicks.
它避免复杂的养生运动、枯燥的卡路里计算和损失操纵的减肥技巧。
loss gimmicks:损失操纵
As a pop star she was a nine days'wonder: she only made one successful record.
她是个九奇特的日子的歌星，只录制过一张受欢迎的唱片。
a nine days'wonder:九奇特的日子
I'll never forget that strange happening. That was a nine days wonder.
我永远忘不了那奇怪的事情，那是九天惊奇的事件。
a nine days wonder:九天惊奇
A rider came pounding up with an order from the regimental commander.
一个骑着马的人带着总司令的命令嗒嗒地来了爆破高。
came pounding up:来了爆破高
This gentle giant can grow up to nine feet long and weigh over a thousand pounds.
这种温和的巨人身长可达九英尺，重量达到一千多磅。
giant:巨人
For more than nine years the city was surrounded by determined foes.
这个城被确定的的敌人围困了九年多。
determined:确定的
Mr. Bounderby's fine bluff English independence, though a most charming characteristic, does not invite confidence.
庞得贝先生的优良的、直率的，代表英国国民性格的那种独立不羁的精神，虽然是一种顶可爱的特点，但是，这并不能引起别人对他邀请自信。
invite confidence:邀请自信
There are just too many countries and regions involved and thus a web of tax regulations.
它所涉及的国家和地区为数太多，各种税则参与，纷繁复杂。
involved:参与
There are just too many countries and regions involved and thus a web of tax regulations.
它所涉及的国家和地区为数太多，各种税则纵横交错，网络。
a web:网络
Even those regrettable types seemed trivial enough to be laughed out of sight -- and forgotten.
甚至这类令人遗憾的作品也显得微不足道，不妨一笑置之，淡忘了事。
trivial:微不足道
Even those regrettable types seemed trivial enough to be laughed out of sight -- and forgotten.
甚至这类令人遗憾的作品也显得无足轻重，不妨是笑出去的视力，淡忘了事。
be laughed out of sight:是笑出去的视力
I was rather saddened by what he had said and regretted my own carelessness.
我听了他的话心里有点难过，只怨自己太粗心了。
carelessness:粗心
Getty Images ONCE they started falling, the totems toppled like ninepins this week.
美好的图腾一旦开始坠落，就会倒下般倒下。
toppled:倒下
My wife talks nineteen to the dozen and I hardly ever get a chance to speak.
我妻子一讲起来就谈话十九岁到是的十个，我几乎无法插上嘴。
talks nineteen to the dozen:谈话十九岁到是的十个
They talked nineteen to the dozen about all they had done in that time.
他们说话十九岁到是的十个地谈着那段时间里他们所做过的一切。
talked nineteen to the dozen:说话十九岁到是的十个
Mrs. Crank came to tea and talked nineteen to the dozen.
克兰克太太来用茶点，说话十九岁到是的十个地说个不停。
talked nineteen to the dozen:说话十九岁到是的十个
The temperature topped out at ninety - eight degrees the day our lives were forever altered.
改变我们一生的那天，气温98度，热得厉害.人的一生总有几个难忘的日子，是什么让你对它分外的永远?
forever:永远
Professor Smith works industriously at ninety - two natural elements in his laboratory every day.
史密斯教授每天在实验室里勤奋地地研究92种天然元素。
industriously:勤奋地
The apple tree was bowed down with the weight of its fruit.
那棵苹果树与是的重量的它的水果，压弯了树枝。
with the weight of its fruit:与是的重量的它的水果
It was a nip and tuck race right to the finish line.
赛跑奈普及拖拉，直到终点线才见分晓。
a nip and tuck:奈普及拖拉
With another 100 metres to go, Jones and Saville are nip and tuck.
赛跑还剩100米时，琼斯和萨维尔奈普及拖拉。
a nip and tuck:奈普及拖拉
Mary broke bown tearfully when she was told the death of her husband.
玛丽听到她丈夫的死讯时破裂屈服悲伤地。
broke bown tearfully:破裂屈服悲伤地
Professional reinsurers numbered 29, including most of the top reinsurers in the world.
本港共有29名专业再保险人，当中包括世界大部分顶部的再保险人。
top:顶部
To this moment, generally speaking, editorial anger vanished completely, absolutely won't reintroduce what is other requirement.
到这个时候，一般来说，编辑的愤怒就消失了，绝不会再提出什么别的要求。
vanished:消失
However, their comments with a more orthodox feudal ideas and nit pick disease.
但其评论多带有封建正统思想和挑选疾病之病。
pick disease:挑选疾病
The history teacher who had dragooned me into taking the exam is a nit - picking person.
硬逼我去考试的历史老师是个尼特-采摘的人。
nit - picking:尼特-采摘
Rejigging the map of Europe would make life more logical and friendlier.
欧洲版图的重划能够使生活变得更加逻辑，友好和谐。
logical:逻辑
'I neither want any thanks, nor merit any,'was the careless rejoinder.
“我不需要感谢，也不值得感谢，” 回答是粗心的一句。
careless:粗心
She had been literally rejuvenated, resuscitated, brought back from the lip of the grave.
她确确实实复苏了，恢复了精力，被从坟墓的进口处拉了回来。
rejuvenated:复苏
Bryant and O'Neal on the floor at the same time, rekindling memories both good and bad.
科比和奥尼尔在地板上在同一时间，重新燃起的回忆有好有坏。
rekindling:重新燃起
He kept off drink for a few weeks, but now he has relapsed.
他酒戒了两三个星期，可是现在复发。
relapsed:复发
After a short burst of enthusiasm, he relapsed into his usual apathy.
一阵短爆炸的热情后，他又恢复了平时冷漠的样子。
a short burst of enthusiasm:短爆炸的热情
He's like a chameleon, but one who's also relatable and engaging.
他象是一个变色龙，但是总是招人有关联的及参与的。
relatable and engaging:有关联的及参与
Under the influence of nitrous oxide, he found himself writing such impressively nonsensical propositions.
在笑气影响下，他写下了这样令人印象深刻的无聊话。
impressively:令人印象深刻
I like doing business with people who get right to the nitty - gritty.
我喜欢跟那种获得右，一针见血的人做生意。
get right:获得右
I like doing business with people who get right to the nitty - gritty.
我喜欢跟那种直截了当，是的尼蒂-悲伤的人做生意。
the nitty - gritty:是的尼蒂-悲伤
This as Per Se pastry chef Elwyn Boyles put it, a glorified mixer.
这是因为每硒糕点厨师埃尔温博伊尔斯所说的那样，一个赞美的混频器。
glorified:赞美
Look at the way many find that their old customs and reli - gious attitudes no longer fit.
看看许多人怎样发现他们的旧习惯和宗教观已不更长适合。
no longer fit:不更长适合
She had not the faintest claim to a share in Mr. Touchett's relic.
她对杜歇先生的遗产是不能存最暗的。
faintest:最暗
It's evident to me that they have no experience in this work.
在我看来，他们干这项工作没有经验是明显的。
evident:明显
In the meantime, subsidies for alternatives are probably better than no action.
同时，给于替代能源补贴可能比不行动要强。
no action:不行动
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to relive it.
凡是忘掉过去的人注定要复活它。
relive it:复活它
If there had been no book, we will have been ignorant.
要是过去没有书，我们就会无知。
ignorant:无知
But she shrank with peculiar reluctance from any risk of estranging it.
但她一向从任何风险，唯恐失掉它。
from any risk:从任何风险
When someone talks, but cannot, they are all hat, no cattle.
谈话，脱离实际，无法实现，这些人是干打雷不下雨。
talks:谈话
When someone talks, but cannot, they are all hat, no cattle.
高谈阔论，不能，无法实现，这些人是干打雷不下雨。
cannot:不能
As a retail trade revolution chain running has got remarking development.
连锁经营作为零售业的一次革命，20世纪90年代在中国取得了引人注目的发展。
remarking:引人注目
We had no choice but to do what we were asked.
有不选择，我们只得照要求的做了。
had no choice:有不选择
We go traveling when there is not a speck of cloud in the sky.
我们选择不斑点的云的好天气外出旅行。
not a speck of cloud:不斑点的云
The sun was blazing down and there was hardly a cloud in the sky.
阳光照耀着大地，天空几乎没有云。
hardly a cloud:几乎没有云
She showed him the Rembrandt's works, and she said many appropriate things about them.
她又领他看了伦勃朗的作品，还对这些作品讲了许多适当的话。
appropriate:适当
Danny is a good player and is worthy of a place in the team.
丹尼是个好手，作为这个球队成员之一是是有价值的的地点的。
is worthy of a place:是有价值的的地点
The man is distraught and answers that he has no computer and therefore also no email.
失业汉沮丧回答说他没有电脑因此也就没有电邮地址。
distraught:沮丧
Hawthorne asks questions but rarely answers them: he gropes, with no confidence in the outcome.
霍桑恩也提出问题，可是很少解答; 他在杂草，对结果毫无信心。
gropes:杂草
No girl doesn't like flattery and no confidence man doesn't know it.
没有哪个女生不喜欢夸张，但是所有的骗子都知道。
flattery:夸张
It's in these no - contact zones where the Cold War is most active.
但是，恰恰是在这些没有联系的领域，冷战显得最为激烈。
contact:联系
If the election is one - sided, it is really no contest.
如果选举呈一个-侧面的局面，那么实际上毫无竞争可言。
one - sided:一个-侧面
Central Government will spare no cost to safeguard HongKong's prosperity and stability.
中央政府将备用不成本代价维护香港的繁荣稳定。
spare no cost:备用不成本
This is a hobby you can enjoy at little or no cost.
这个爱好不需花钱或只需花很少几个钱，但享受。
enjoy:享受
The price is fixed, if you can't accept it, there is no deal.
。价格是固定，你不买就算，别在这添乱。
The price is fixed:。价格是固定
The three stories listed above are quite boring. There's no deep love involved.
这三个故事到最后其实都挺没意思的. 可以说完全没有深爱的爱情。
deep love:深爱
And I was among a great chorus out on the hustings speaking out against this consistent and constant deficit spending.
我与一大伙人在竞选台上，一致声言反对一致及常数的赤字开支。
consistent and constant:一致及常数
The old man sits in wonder while reminiscing about his youth.
老人诧异地坐在那儿，回忆起了他那青年。
youth:青年
No drama writer of his time can be named in the same day with Shakespeare.
那个时代，没有一位剧作家可以和莎士比亚是已命名。
be named:是已命名
This is a very interested group, but we With Heerenveen and Braga on an equal footing.
这是一个令人极有兴趣的小组，但是我们可以与海伦芬和布拉加上一个等于底部。
on an equal footing:上一个等于底部
Now that it is remodelled, the house has taken on a new look.
经过改建，这栋房子的面目翻新。
remodelled:翻新
At this time the students have laughter, I was no exception.
这时同学们有笑起来，我也不例外。
have laughter:有笑
The minister well knew -- subtle, but remorseful hypocrite that he was!
牧师深知这一切 —— 他是一个多么微不足道又懊悔不迭的伪君子啊!
subtle:微不足道
The truth is that a woman is extremely susceptible to a man who remorseful.
事实上，女人对表现得后悔的的男人极容易心软。
remorseful:后悔的
Brahma Chellaney of the Center for Policy Research believes Indians have become accustomed to terrorism.
政策研究中心的布拉马.切拉尼认为，印度人已经变得对恐怖主义成为习惯。
become accustomed:成为习惯
There even remained in his remoter crannies some relics of the boy.
从某些细微之处还遥控器他还保留着几分孩子气。
remoter:遥控器
So the charge runs, as levelled at the Brahmins by Verson L. Parringyon.
这样的指责跑，正如弗森·巴灵顿施加于绅士派文人身上的那样。
runs:跑
And then they have got nothing: no food, no love, no support.
然后他们变得有有没什么: 没有食品、没有爱、没有帮助。
have got nothing:有有没什么
And she's like my grandmother was, sort a no - fuss type of person.
她跟我姥很像，不是那种啥事都惊慌的人。
fuss:惊慌
Panama is indeed now far removed from its erstwhile financial free - for - all.
事实上，现在巴拿马金融业远非过去的免费-为-所有。
free - for - all:免费-为-所有
A person who has lived five decades no aims, because there's no goal.
一个人不目标的生活了五十年，是由于他对生活没有目标。
no aims:不目标
Why the Japanese are so good deed goes unpunished, shameless, inhuman barbaric nation?
为何日本人是如此那么好的行为去无惩罚，不知羞耻，野蛮无人性的民族?
so good deed goes unpunished:那么好的行为去无惩罚
Why the Japanese are so good deed goes unpunished, shameless, inhuman barbaric nation?
为何日本人是如此恩将仇报，无耻，野蛮无人性的民族?
shameless:无耻
Television has featured many great entertainers and such brilliant singers as Renata Tebaldi and Leontyne Price.
电视以特别节目介绍过许多杰出表演家和英俊的歌唱家如苔巴尔迪和普赖斯等人。
brilliant:英俊
His brainwave easily, drew a dawdle on paper, send that clerk.
他脑波，就在纸上画了一只蘑菇，送给那位服务员。
brainwave:脑波
But alas! For me to do wrong that never did right, was no great wonder.
可是，天哪，我这个人老是把事情办糟，却从未办好过一件事情; 这种行事处世对我来说又不伟大的惊奇了。
no great wonder:不伟大的惊奇
We'll be all right if there are no hold - ups.
我1点半左右到那里，那就是说如果不保持-升值的话。
no hold - ups:不保持-升值
Brainstorm all the ways your visitor would think of your product.
脑风暴地想出访问者对你的产品所可能有的一切想法。
Brainstorm:脑风暴
You are crying for the moon if you hope the teacher will leave us no homework.
你假如有让老师不给我们留作业这样的怪念头那真是为是的月球。
for the moon:为是的月球
His day had gone, and no human power could save it.
他的一天有已故，非人力可以挽回。
His day had gone:他的一天有已故
My letters sometimes convey no ideas at all to my correspondents.
有时候收信人读到我的信，只觉得不想法在所有。
no ideas at all:不想法在所有
Often a drop of irony into an indifferent situation renders the whole piquant.
在本来冷漠的情境里，加上一点戏谑的成分，就往往能使情境全部都变得有味。
indifferent:冷漠
Only by th e perfect combination of the two can renditions of high quality be produced.
异化与归化完美结合，完美结合，才能创造出高质量的译文。
perfect combination:完美结合
Results show that coatings on floodgate surface keep intact after 5 years.
介绍了预处理及涂装过程，经5年使用后，漆膜保持无损。
keep intact:保持无损
The dog was all gore - blood when it came back from the battle.
当那只狗从战地回来的时候，全身所有痛苦-血。
all gore - blood:所有痛苦-血
The politician jabbered away about matters of which he has no knowledge.
那个政客不知所云地侈谈自己不知识的事情。
no knowledge:不知识
The politician jabbered away about matters of which he had no knowledge.
那个政客反反复复地侈谈自己不知识的事情。
no knowledge:不知识
Even those with limited or no knowledge of Chinese heeding the call.
对汉语知之甚少，甚至一点也不懂汉语的人也在注意。
heeding:注意
He stands to it that he has no knowledge of the matter.
他坚持说他对此不知识。
no knowledge:不知识
Be clear: the government disgraced itself by reneging on its pledge to hold a referendum.
清楚点: 政府出尔反尔，不愿举行公投让自己羞辱。
disgraced:羞辱
My wife al ways goes to the dentist in fear and trembling.
我妻子总是在恐惧及颤抖地看牙医。
in fear and trembling:在恐惧及颤抖
A great man is al ways one who has a firm resolution and an inflexible spirit.
伟大的人物总是有坚强的决心和不灵活的精神。
inflexible:不灵活
His mother is disquieted that she has received no letter from him for 4 months.
4个月了，儿子有收到的不信，做母亲的很担心。
has received no letter:有收到的不信
In the wide water, in the blue sky there is no line of a track.
在宽的水面，在蔚蓝如洗的天空，没有一丝踪迹。
wide:宽
Obviously, the knowledge renews imminently, lifelong studies the duty to be arduous.
可见，知识更新立即，终身学习任务繁重。
imminently:立即
Dr Shaw, however, is no longer so interested in octanol as a biofuel.
然而肖博士对于用辛醇做生物燃料已不再那么感兴趣。
so interested:那么感兴趣
The windows in his house fit together perfectly, and no loopholes can be found.
他家的窗户装得适合一起很完美。
fit together perfectly:适合一起很完美
There is no make a fuss about some minor defects in the work.
工作中出了点小毛病没有什么值得做惊慌的。
make a fuss:做惊慌
When her brand new TV wouldn't work, it burned her up.
当她的新电视机出故障时，她气得火烧她高。
burned her up:火烧她高
This essay is pure gibberish; you'll get no marks for it at all.
这篇论文纯粹是愚蠢，你一点分数都拿不到。
gibberish:愚蠢
Mankind has always struggled forward no matter what difficulty lies in its way.
不管道路上有什么困难，人类总是要苦战向前。
struggled forward:苦战向前
We should be tough with criminals and show no mercy to them.
对于犯罪分子就要展示不怜悯，不能留情。
show no mercy:展示不怜悯
Mr. Rushworth stepped forward with alacrity to tell him the agreeable news.
罗什渥兹先生与 lcrity地向前来告诉他这个好消息。
with alacrity:与 lcrity
I would prefer to hear no more gossip of any kind.
我希望不要再向我唠叨这种闲话。
gossip:闲话
I listened day by day and day by night the waves breaking against the wet sands.
一天以一天及一天以夜，我聆听着海浪冲刷沙滩的声音。
day by day and day by night:一天以一天及一天以夜
Betty: No. Not really. But I could get engaged, you know?
蓓蒂: 不，不真的，不过我有可能会订婚，你知道吗?
Not really:不真的
The minister of finance has presented a most alarming picture of the state of our affairs.
财政部长为我们的财政状况描绘了一幅最令人震惊的图画。
alarming:令人震惊
From this point of view, the fate of blog network is not so alarmist speculation.
从这点看，博客的命运并没有网络上炒得那么警报员。
alarmist:警报员
The government has insisted, out of the blue, that her renovations stop for a week.
政府部门出去的是的蓝色地命令她的修缮工作暂停一星期。
out of the blue:出去的是的蓝色
No one cares what you look as long as you can play.
只要你能演奏，谁也不会对你的相貌关心。
cares:关心
Mrs. Molson was so insignificant that no one had ever noticed what she was like.
莫尔森夫人显得微不足道，没有人注意她是个什么样子的人。
insignificant:微不足道
These inventions had obtained for him the renown of more than human sagacity.
他的这些发明使人们把他看得更多比人类明智。
more than human sagacity:更多比人类明智
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's alawys your choice.
要么悲悲戚戚，是悲惨; 要么励志奋发，自强不息. 不管做什么，这始终是你的选择。
Be miserable:是悲惨
If he finds no out - of - the - way truths, he will identify himself with no very burning falsehood.
即使他发现不出什么出去-的-是的-路面的真理，也不会去附和什么荒谬绝伦的错误。
out - of - the - way:出去-的-是的-路面
If he finds no out - of - the - way truths, he will identify himself with no very burning falsehood.
即使他发现不出什么石破天惊的真理，也不会去附和什么燃烧伪造的错误。
burning falsehood:燃烧伪造
The TV debate was a cop - out: it didn't tackle any of the real issues.
电视辩论不过是警察-出去，并未解决任何实际问题。
a cop - out:警察-出去
Who has no parents and wife and children in this world?
在这个世界，谁没有父母?谁没有妻儿?
in this world:在这个世界
No parents would turn a blind eye to their kids'drug and drinking problems.
没有家长会对孩子吸毒酗酒转动失明眼睛。
turn a blind eye:转动失明眼睛
The first is the house rent and the second is the cat food.
。首先的是房租，其次就是猫粮。
The first:。首先
The person who has no personality always goes with the flow.
没个性的人往往都去与是的流。
goes with the flow:去与是的流
But this was only from a sense of prudence: he took no pleasure in it.
可是这只是一些感觉的谨慎，不是一种快乐。
a sense of prudence:感觉的谨慎
The film on police Methods: Was a real eye - opener for me.
这部关于警方探案招数的影片使我眼睛-开门员。
eye - opener:眼睛-开门员
He said that he had no prior knowledge of the meeting.
他说他事先对这次会议的情况有不之前知识。
had no prior knowledge:有不之前知识
There were no rules here, because we were in an unprecedented situation.
这儿毫无规律可言，因为我们面临的形势是史无前例的。
unprecedented:史无前例
For security purposes this new monster was assigned the code name Mouse.
为了迷惑间谍，给这一新的怪物起一个代号为“鼠”。
monster:怪物
"Tell me about my father and Luca Brasi," he said gently.
“给我讲讲我爸爸和路加-布拉西过去的事，” 他温柔地他说，“我自己只知道一星半点。
gently:温柔地
Yvonne had reorganized the kitchen, which was now orderly and gleaming.
伊冯娜重新布置了厨房，经她一整，现在一切有秩序到处铮明瓦亮。
orderly:有秩序
He did not wish to drive the crisis beyond the point of no return.
他并不希望把危机推到不返回的地步。
no return:不返回
Whenever his friends have some troubles, he will help them without hesitation and require no rewards.
每当朋友没有犹豫时，他都会义不容辞的给予帮助，不要求回报。
without hesitation:没有犹豫
I loathe the fake camaraderie, excessive alcohol consumption and hideous vulgarity.
我讨厌伪造友谊、过度饮酒和言行粗鄙。
fake camaraderie:伪造友谊
You can change the same, there are no rules to this thing.
你可以改变，也可以一成不变，这本没什么应该不应该。
change:改变
You can change the same, there are no rules to this thing.
你可以焕然一新，也可以是的同样的，这本没什么应该不应该。
the same:是的同样的
The young ladies of tennis have been replaced by brassy girls with wicked strokes.
那些在网球场上活跃的贵妇人已经被一群打起球来异常凶猛而且粗糙的女孩子所取代。
brassy:粗糙
He repainted the wall after the child smeared it with tomato sauce.
在孩子用西红柿酱把墙壁涂得染色之后，他把墙壁重新粉刷了一遍。
smeared:染色
Chelsea will become stronger, but Milan remain a great squad are inferior to no - one in Europe.
切尔西会越来越强盛，但米兰仍会是一个伟大的队伍，欧洲低级到不-一个的。
inferior to no - one:低级到不-一个
He's denied having an affair with his secretary, but of course there's no smoke without fire.
他不承认和他秘书发生了关系，但自是不吸烟没有火焰喽。
no smoke without fire:不吸烟没有火焰
The world is so big that nothing is to be surprised at.
世界之大，没什么是到是惊奇在。
nothing is to be surprised at:没什么是到是惊奇在
Critics accused him of being rambling, repetitious, sometimes incoherent and lazily autobiographical.
评论家指责他文风冗长含糊且反复，批评他时有的不连贯和怠惰的自传体风格。
incoherent:不连贯
In 600 years, there will be no standing room for us to live on the earth.
600年以后，地球上将没有我们的站立房间为我们到活了。
standing room for us to live:站立房间为我们到活
In the world of professional soccer, no star shines brighter than David Beckham.
在职业足球界，没有哪个明星比大卫?贝克汉姆更加闪光更明亮。
shines brighter:闪光更明亮
He's no stranger to misfortune, ie He has experienced it before.
他不幸。
misfortune:不幸
Our relationship has no substance so I think we should go our separate ways.
我们的关系太不牢靠，所以最好还是去我们的分开方法吧。
go our separate ways:去我们的分开方法
Braverman, too, said that it's not a one - size -- all scenario.
布雷弗曼 (Braverman )也认为这不是一个一个-大小是的。所有的情况。
one - size -- all:一个-大小是的。所有
Given the establishment believes in creationism, that presentation is no surprise.
考虑到他们相信创世说，这样的言论也就不惊奇。
no surprise:不惊奇
There is no sense pulling your hair out over that regrettable incident. What's done is done.
你现在还沉浸在那件让人悔恨的事情里就没道理了，已完成是已完成啊。
done is done:已完成是已完成
She told Philip that his friend had no talent really; it was just flashy and superficial.
她对菲利浦说，他的朋友其实并没有什么才华，他只是闪烁和浅薄无知而已。
flashy:闪烁
She told Philip that his friend had no talent really; it was just flashy and superficial.
她对菲利浦说，他的朋友其实并没有什么才华，他只是虚有其表和浅薄无知而已。
浅薄无知:浅薄无知
He kept as cool as a cucumber as the newspaper reporters shouted questions at him at once.
在报社记者七嘴八舌地高声向他提问时，他始终表现得凉爽。
cool:凉爽
In such straits as these, the heart has no tears to give.
一个人在这在如海峡，已经无泪可流。
In such straits:在如海峡
They didn't start being generous till they had make their pile.
他们是在赚了大钱后才开始变得慷慨的。
generous:慷慨
Here two brawny policemen got up beside him on the platform -- one on either hand.
这时，上来两个傲慢的警察，一边一个，站在驾驶台上他的身边。
brawny:傲慢
He had no tolerance for alcohol, and in the end fell down dead drunk.
他有不容忍为酒精，终于醉倒了。
had no tolerance for alcohol:有不容忍为酒精
And there was certainly no torture anything, either of the nurses or the Palestinian doctor.
绝对没有酷刑，不论是对护士还是巴勒斯坦医生。
torture:酷刑
The glare has gone and no touch of the sinister remains.
光亮已经消逝，那凶险的迹象已不触摸的是的邪恶留下的。
no touch of the sinister remains:不触摸的是的邪恶留下的
The man is a repository of out - of - the - way knowledge.
这人有满腹出去-的-是的-路面的知识。
out - of - the - way:出去-的-是的-路面
The project must go ahead; there can be no turning back.
这计画必须坚持下去，不能转动背面。
turning back:转动背面
Everything is okay in politics because the political parties are the same.
政治舞台上的局面也是好吧，因为政党都名异而实同。
okay:好吧
Everything is okay in politics because the political parties are the same.
政治舞台上的局面也是四平八稳，因为政党都是是的同样的。。
are the same.:是是的同样的。
We hope there are Joys and and peace in 2008 and no violence happens.
“我们希望2008年能喬伊斯及及和平，不要发生冲突”。
Joys and and peace:喬伊斯及及和平
He had no vision of her after this that was anything but darkness and doom.
从此以后，他在幻觉中看到她总是充满了阴郁，死亡。
doom:死亡
He flew into hardly repressed passion, and wished himself clear of the whole household.
他几乎不加克制地飞翔进入几乎没有被压迫激情，但愿自己和这个家一刀两断。
flew into hardly repressed passion:飞翔进入几乎没有被压迫激情
He flew into hardly repressed passion, and wished himself clear of the whole household.
他几乎不加克制地大发雷霆，但愿自己和这个家清楚的。
clear of:清楚的
My mother seldom goes into company herself, and dines no where but with Mrs. Grant.
我母亲自己很少到公司中间去，除了与格兰特太太吃饭外，谁家的饭她都不去吃。
company:公司
Competition leads to lose, people pulling in opposite direction on a rope, they go no where.
竞争导致损失，人们凡事采拔河态度处理，徒耗体力而已，他们将去不哪里。
go no where:去不哪里
First, there is no longer space for one - size - fits - all teaching methods.
第一、 “一个-大小-适合-所有”的教学方法已经落伍了。
one - size - fits - all:一个-大小-适合-所有
There would be no women in Glyn's life, no turbulent affairs.
在格林的一生中将是没有女人，没有动荡的事。
turbulent:动荡
How carefree were those jaunts to the A ＆ P. No worries.
去A&P的路途是那样的轻松，不忧虑。
No worries:不忧虑
There was just the faintest hint of reproach for Hagen's weakness.
老头子的是的最暗暗示，是对黑根的软弱表示出了极其含蓄的谴责。
the faintest hint:是的最暗暗示
The narrow streets were darkened with the high towers of the nobles.
这些狭窄的街巷被贵族家庭的高塔遮得是黑暗。
were darkened:是黑暗
All that security material Noah was always handling made me nervous.
挪亚经常处理的那些机密使我紧张。
nervous:紧张
You are the best friend I have in the world and the noblest.
您是我在世界上的最高尚的是的最好的朋友。
the best friend:是的最好的朋友
Noblewoman only knowing beer and skittles and killing time will be at a respectful distance.
小资情调，吃喝玩乐，打发光阴的贵人我在敬重距离。
at a respectful distance:在敬重距离
AT a cocktail's people can often tell somebodies from nobodies. Those who are late are somebodies.
在鸡尾酒会上人们常常可以看出大人物与无体来. 那些迟到的就是大人物。
nobodies:无体
It was essential that the Europeans break away from slavish adherence to authority.
欧洲人必须摆脱对权威的奴隶遵守。
slavish adherence:奴隶遵守
The worries covered with dust, was cut with scars of grief by the nocturne.
覆盖与尘埃的心事，随著夜曲，挥落一道道忧伤。
covered with dust:覆盖与尘埃
They've been spending a lot of time together, nudge nudge, wink wink.
他们老混在一起，闪烁闪烁，卿卿我我的。
wink wink:闪烁闪烁
They've been spending a lot of time together, nudge nudge, wink wink.
他们老混在一起，眉来眼去，触动触动的。
nudge nudge:触动触动
I cannot say I know him well, but we a nodding acquaintance.
我不能说我和他很熟，不过我们有点点头认识。
nodding acquaintance:点点头认识
They walked along dusty country roads passing donkeys pulling gaily painted carts.
他们沿着灰尘的乡问大路走去，经过一辆又一辆驴子拉着的画得花花绿绿的大车。
dusty:灰尘
His behavior extinguishes the last trace of affection she has for him.
他的这种行为使她对他的最后一丝爱慕之情消灭。
extinguishes:消灭
We are aliens in the eyes of some Singaporeans - a feeling that is understandable.
我们是有些本地人眼中的陌生人，我们要可以理解的。
understandable:可以理解的
Yes. We've been to Mt. Jade and found it absolutely breath - taking.
有的，我们曾经去过玉山，发现那里真是令人呼吸-采纳。
breath - taking:呼吸-采纳
It is full of breath - taking landscape, ancient history, simple folkway, wonderful culture.
可谓是呼吸-采纳，历史古老，民风淳朴，文化灿烂。
breath - taking:呼吸-采纳
Significant employee aligns the interests of our employees and our shareholders.
员工大量持股可以使员工与股东的利益整齐是的利益。
aligns the interests:整齐是的利益
Nature is a sea of forms radically alike and even unique.
大自然海纳百川，但根本上还是彻底地同样的，可以说是独一无二。
radically alike:彻底地同样的
A few wavering Republicans may be convinced by the tough talk.
一些左右摇摆的共和党人可以通过是的不耐烦说话的劝告改变立场。
the tough talk:是的不耐烦说话
Symptoms of overexertion are chest pains, severe breathlessness, dizziness, loss of muscle control and nausea.
训练过度的症状有胸口痛，严重的气喘，眩晕，肌肉痉挛以及恶心反胃。
dizziness:眩晕
A good start would be to announce that he will offer jobs to a few Republicans.
A好的开始会是到宣布，第一把火可能会宣布给共和党人一些职位。
A good start would be to announce:A好的开始会是到宣布
It is breathtakingly beautiful, sets apart at any event or function.
它是惊人美丽，在任何情况下设置或功能中数组分开。
sets apart:数组分开
I could put with his specific criticisms if it were not for his holier - than - thou attitude.
要不是他那更神圣-比-你的态度，我是能够容忍他那些具体的批评的。
holier - than - thou:更神圣-比-你
This Alan Breck is a bold, desperate customer, and well known to be Jame's right hand.
这个艾伦·布雷克是个大胆的、绝望的家伙，大家都知道他是詹姆斯的左右手。
desperate:绝望
See if you can quiet the dog down, it's annoying the neighbours with its noise.
看你是否能使狗安静下来，它吵得是的邻国都不安宁。
the neighbours:是的邻国
He skinned them alive, and they deserved it -- anyway, the whole kingdom rejoiced.
他把他们活活的剥了皮了，这也是他们该着倒霉 -- 反正，全国的人没一个不很高兴的。
rejoiced:很高兴
You'll be glad to hear that Bill is alive and kicking.
比尔现在活著，你听了一定很高兴。
alive:活著
Instead of repudiating what he had done, he gloried in it.
他不但没有否定自己做过的事，反而光荣。
gloried:光荣
Solar energy is lauded as an inexhaustible source that is pollution and often noise free.
太阳能被称为是不可耗尽的能源，没有污染，通常也没有噪声，而且用途广泛。
inexhaustibl:不可耗尽
Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
隐形地挥霍贵重财物是有闲绅士取得名声的手段。
Conspicuous:隐形
Sam's interest tends towards the reputedly 'ugly'and predatory side of the sea.
山姆钟情于海洋所谓 “丑陋 ” 和掠食性的一面。
predatory:掠食性
At that second a trolley came hurtling by, heading downtown, its bell clanging loud.
就在此刻，一辆开往闹市的电车来了刺伤而来，铃声震耳。
came hurtling:来了刺伤
She draws pensively on a Chesterfield Light and takes a sip of her caf é noisette.
沉思，她朝着切斯特菲尔德光望去并小抿了一口咖啡。
pensively:沉思
Meanwhile Sudan's president breezily claims that barely 9, 000 have been killed in the conflict.
而同时，苏丹总统却轻快地地宣称，达尔富尔地区的冲突仅造成9千多人死亡。
breezily:轻快地
A person with a generous and compassion for all being leads the most blessed life.
最幸福的人生，就是能宽容与悲悯所有是的人生。
all being:所有是
Buddhists teach that all space - directions are void and compassion is the principle of life.
佛家讲究所有空间-方向是虚空、慈悲为怀。
all space - directions are void:所有空间-方向是虚空
"Huccome you leave Miss Pitty by herseff lak dis w'en she so scary lak?
"你们怎能把皮蒂小姐一个人丢开不管，让她可怕呢?
scary:可怕
As soon as he won all that money, he started hurling it around and soon there was none left.
他一赢得那笔钱就挥霍起来，不久便在那儿是没有左了。
there was none left:在那儿是没有左
Spring, summer autumn and winter, people all ages all - win should.
春夏秋冬，男女老幼，所有-胜利。
all - win:所有-胜利
Many parents burst into tears when a rescuer carried a teen - age girl out of the ruins.
当一名救援者从废墟里抱出一个女孩时，在场许多父母不禁爆炸进入泪水。
burst into tears:爆炸进入泪水
Shishi Shengchuan Apparel & Knitting Company, a solely foreign - owned enterprise, is integrating garments research, production and marketing.
石狮盛传服饰织造有限公司是一家外商独资企业，实行“研发、产、售”整合的经营理念。
integrating:整合
Given the range of countries at the G 20 a one - size - fits - all bank rescue policy was never feasible.
鉴于G20成员国的多元性，一个-大小-适合-所有的银行拯救政策从来就不现实。
one - size - fits - all:一个-大小-适合-所有
When things go wrong, as they sometimes will, we can react responsibly or resentfully.
事情总会有不顺利的时候，我们可以选择积极地回应或消极地愤怒地。
resentfully:愤怒地
And non - operate treated galactophore disease, hysteromyoma, ovarian cyst, ect. gynecology difficulty mixed diseases.
对乳腺疾病、子宫肌瘤、卵巢囊肿等妇科困难混合疾病非手术治疗效果显著。
difficulty mixed diseases:困难混合疾病
My son is studying physical chemistry but it's all Greek to me.
我儿子正研究物理化学，但我对此是的所有希腊语到我。
it's all Greek to me:是的所有希腊语到我
Paul: I can't. When it comes to calculus, it's all Greek to me.
保罗: 我我不能呀! 说到微积分，我可是一窍不通。
I can't:我不能
Paul: I can't. When it comes to calculus, it's all Greek to me.
保罗: 我爱莫能助呀! 说到微积分，我可是是的所有希腊语到我。。
it's all Greek to me.:是的所有希腊语到我。
Like all Indian villages Okhla was deserted at that time in the morning.
与所有印度的村庄一样，奥克拉在早晨的这个时候被遗弃。
deserted:被遗弃
She noticed that Muffat was sitting resignedly on a narrow divan - bed.
她看见莫法正 resignedly地坐在一张不宽的坐床上。
resignedly:resignedly
Pressed beyond the limits of forbearance, our army fought back resolutely and dealt telling blows to the enemy.
我军超越是的限制的忍耐，奋起反击，给了敌人沉重的打击。
beyond the limits of forbearance:超越是的限制的忍耐
Such crude resolves are consistent with the infatuation of the men of Rome.
这种粗陋的决策，与罗马人喜欢与是的迷恋的本性是完全吻合的。
with the infatuation:与是的迷恋
Brevet gave a start of surprise, and surveyed him from head to foot a frightened air.
布莱卫骇然给予开始的惊奇，把他从头一直打量到脚。
gave a start of surprise:给予开始的惊奇
So where will all be, language - wise, ten years from now?
那么，十年后我们的语言将哪里意志所有是?
where will all be:哪里意志所有是
I hope my experience and perspective will add to this already well - resourced team.
我希望，我的经验和洞察力能让这支本已资源充足的团队好的-有资源。
well - resourced:好的-有资源
Once he was launched on a course, Nixon's determination was equal to his tactical resourcefulness.
尼克松一旦开始执行一项方针，他的决心之大同他的多谋善断是是等于的。
was equal:是等于
This aspect produces the capacity for hard work, enduring strength, and resourcefulness.
这相位提供了勤奋工作、持久的力量及足智多谋的能力。
enduring strength:持久的力量
This aspect produces the capacity for hard work, enduring strength, and resourcefulness.
这相位提供了勤奋工作、刻苦耐劳及聪明的能力。
resourcefulness:聪明
A large crowd gathered, and they all admired his heart for it was perfect.
围观的人很多，他们都称赞年轻人的心的确是完美，并没有一点伤痕瑕疵。
perfect:完美
Nixon's letter told Brezhnev that the goal of peace was certainly "within reach ".
“尼克松的信告诉勃列涅夫，和平的目标肯定 “内部到达 ”。
within reach:内部到达
A sulky guide pressed my oxygen respirator and suggested some underwater photos.
一个硫酸的教练员按着我的呼吸罩，“不拍一些照带回去会很可惜的”。
sulky:硫酸
Many things in the country are now waiting to be done, but at present they are not able to do the things all at once.
这个国家现在是很多一些事情在是的国家是现在等待到是已完成，但目前他们还不能做到百废俱兴。
Many things in the country are now waiting to be done:很多一些事情在是的国家是现在等待到是已完成
Welcome global customers to visit us and expect common development with you to co - create resplendence.
欢迎全球的客商莅临惠顾，同谋发展，共创辉煌!
Welcome:欢迎
We are all at sea as to what to do next.
我们是所有在海下一步该做什么。
are all at sea:是所有在海
It is your treat, but you shouldn't stodge yourself with roast duck and beef stew, John.
约翰，虽说是你请客，也用不着对烤鸭和炖牛肉 stodge呀。
stodge:stodge
He was really depressed about the business last week, but he's all smiles now. A very big order has just come in.
上个星期他还为生意沮丧的，可是现在卻喜形于色，因为刚接到一笔大订单。
depressed:沮丧
He was really depressed about the business last week, but he's all smiles now. A very big order has just come in.
上个星期他还为生意愁眉苦脸的，可是现在卻所有微笑，因为刚接到一笔大订单。
all smiles:所有微笑
He wants to push himself forward and be different from the others.
他就推自己向前，搞个人突出。
push himself forward:推自己向前
There would be dire consequences for the rest of the world.
对世界其它地区，可怕后果。
dire consequences:可怕后果
He bricked up the chimneys. He had guards and dogs patrolling the place night and day.
他甚至用砖头把所有烟囱口砌了起来，规定侍卫带着狗夜及一天地在城堡四周巡逻，一刻都不准懈怠。
night and day:夜及一天
Catic full - service business hotel: winding streets, music Chhnang's Restaurant & Bar in the lobby of the West.
凯迪克商务酒店提供全方位服务: 旋转街道 ，音乐清扬的大堂西餐厅酒吧。
winding streets:旋转街道
Moreover, many of yesterday's jobs, from Spanish bricklayer to Wall Street trader, are not coming back.
更有甚者，不论是西班牙的砌砖匠还是华尔街的交易员，很多昔日的就业岗位会是不即将到来的背面。
are not coming back:是不即将到来的背面
The enemy tried to resist desperately but lost a large number of guns and men.
敌人企图抵制绝望地，但却损失惨重。
resist desperately:抵制绝望地
The enemy tried to resist desperately but lost a large number of guns and men.
敌人企图负隅顽抗，但却失去大数目的枪及男士。
lost a large number of guns and men:失去大数目的枪及男士
Yes, I believed we could act flowers in the same tree, a earth - shattering.
没错，相信我们能如一树繁花，开得地球-破坏。
earth - shattering:地球-破坏
At this time part - time to open a room so will not be earth - shattering.
在这个年代，开个钟点房根本就不算什么地球-破坏的事。
earth - shattering:地球-破坏
It was a busy, exhilarating scene and yet, I know not why, restful to the spirit.
这是一种令人振奋的繁忙景象，然而，不知道为什么，又令人安静。
restful:安静
If Kosovo remains unresolved and restive, the EU will not admIt'serbia as a member.
如果科索沃问题留下的未解决且难以控制，欧盟不会承认塞尔维亚为一个成员国。
remains unresolved:留下的未解决
Investors in Citigroup and Royal Bank of Scotland have been all but wiped out.
在花旗和苏格兰皇家银行的投资者们个个扫除出去。
wiped out:扫除出去
He can do that with more authority and impartiality as a non - executive.
他可以更有权威地做到这一点，并且像非执行主管一样公正。
impartiality:公正
Everyone forms a circle and the women squeeze around the ecstatic bride - to - be.
大伙儿围成一个圆圈，女人们则挤在兴奋的准新娘周围。
ecstatic:兴奋
She shouldn't restrain her anger at this insensible attitude of theirs.
对他们这种不可思议的态度，她抑制不住心头的怒火。
insensible:不可思议
Publicly, the G 20's leaders would be shocked, shocked if anyone were to turn against open markets.
公开地讲，如果有人转而反对开放市场，20国集团的领导人会震惊。
shocked:震惊
If she gives a surprise to the public, it will be all clear gain.
如果她能给予惊奇到是的公众的话，那是意外的收获。
gives a surprise to the public:给予惊奇到是的公众
Stunned. All colour draining away. It was as though I'd sliced into him with a knife.
惊奇，面如死灰，好像我向他捅了一刀似的。
Stunned:惊奇
All company employees, the implementation of a remarkable, cohesive and enterprising spirit.
公司所有员工，有着非凡的执行力、凝聚力和创业精神。
enterprising spirit:创业精神
Heartbroken Lamps wanted to see out his career at Stamford Bridge.
心碎的弗兰克本打算在斯坦福桥结束自己的足球生涯。
Heartbroken:心碎
But their sense of an ingrained trait that will likely resurface in a stronger job market.
然而，他们的自我意识内在的，等就业市场转暖，难免又会故态重萌。
ingrained:内在的
In a few cases, I tried to resurrect some of the executives.
在某些情况下，我也想让有些高级职员复活。
resurrect:复活
That will sound all cut and dried and possibly spoil the atmosphere of the wedding.
那会听起来所有切断及干，还可能会影响婚礼的气氛. ”
all cut and dried:所有切断及干
It all cut and dried - the same old speakers saying the same things they said last year.
所有切断及干.讲话的人就是去年讲话的人。
all cut and dried:所有切断及干
Was the situation in those years all dark, or was its bright side dominant?
是所有黑暗，还是光明是主要的?
all dark:所有黑暗
So they have nothing to do but feel sad and empty all day and all night.
他们会有没什么到做，终日沮丧而空虚。
have nothing to do:有没什么到做
This work specifically advises royal retainers to amuse their masters with inventive language.
这本著作明确建议王室家臣要用创造性的语言来取悦他们的主人。
inventive:创造性
The administration will begin retaliating in six weeks if EC policies remain unchanged.
凯特先生说，如果欧共体留下未更改，美国政府将于六周后开始报复。
remain unchanged:留下未更改
It's a very high office building with all essential modern facilities.
这是一幢很高的办公大楼，现代设施与所有。
with all:与所有
We don't need the doctor who is dead to all feeling.
我们不需要死亡到所有感觉的医生。
dead to all feeling:死亡到所有感觉
All four were difficult to understand; "they were a book with seven seals."
所有四篇论文都很难懂; “它们是一本与七海豹的书. ”
with seven seals:与七海豹
Beautiful Bright - colored eggs enhance the graceful Bearing of Easter.
美丽的的彩蛋，增添了复活节的风韵。
Beautiful:美丽的
They have been filling homes and stores with evergreen trees and bright, colored lights.
他们会把常青树和有色的灯泡填满每个家庭和商店。
colored:有色
Grown up folks began to be interested in the bright - eyed girl.
一般成年人开始对这位明亮-有眼目的女郎感兴趣。
bright - eyed:明亮-有眼目
There, coming out on us from among the hills, was a bright - eyed young gentleman.
只见山丘间，迎面走出一位明亮-有眼目的少爷。
bright - eyed:明亮-有眼目
After the collapse of communism a bright young person could aim high.
共产主义垮台后，年青人们都目的高。
aim high:目的高
Encompassing all genres, it is defined by its mood and tone and its fascination with death.
尽管有各种各样的风格，这类电影的气氛和味道是非常特殊的，它的主题往往对死亡迷恋。
fascination:迷恋
If we all hang together, we are sure to succeed in our plan.
如果我们悬挂一起，我们的计划一定能成功。
hang together:悬挂一起
If we'd all work together, I think we could accomplish our goal.
只要大家工作一起，我想我们就能实现目标。
work together:工作一起
Sharp retorts roll off the tongues of the people he characterizes.
尖锐的反驳滚动取消地出自他所塑造的人物之口。
roll off:滚动取消
Everybody has his own merits and demerits. One should never think that he is perfect while others are all good for nothing.
每个人都有自己的优点和缺点，不要把别人都看成所有好的为没什么，把自己看成十全十美。
all good for nothing:所有好的为没什么
Because they are all grey and powerless excuse, only can make people give up halfway.
因为那些苍白的理由，只是怯懦退缩的借口，只能让人给予高半途。
give up halfway:给予高半途
It was not often necessary for her to retract a statement.
她撤回声明，通常不至于撤回。
retract a statement:撤回声明
The banquet was held in the brightly - lit Great Hall of the People.
宴会在明亮-亮的人民大会堂举行。
brightly - lit:明亮-亮
Even as the sun was shining brightly, it began to rain.
就在闪烁明亮的时候，也下起雨来了。
shining brightly:闪烁明亮
He squinted at the brightly colored figures swooping toward him down the hill.
他眯起眼睛，看着那些明亮有色的人影从山上向他飞降。
brightly colored:明亮有色
Lots of flowers are brightly colored and have a sweet smell.
许多花明亮有色，并有香味。
brightly colored:明亮有色
Brightly colored toys and clothing help develop a baby's sense of sight.
明亮有色的玩具和衣物有助于发展婴儿的视觉。
Brightly colored:明亮有色
Always the odd - man - out, this dim - witted blue moose is all heart and all thumbs.
永远的幸存者，这头蓝色的笨笨驼鹿总是所有心地笨手笨脚。
all heart:所有心
The conceit of the man -- comparing his own work with Picasso's!
这个设想的人 -- 竟把自己的作品跟毕加索的相比!
conceit:设想
Brigit didn't ponder on things too long. The morning was too lovely for problems or gloom.
布丽奇特对这些事情没有进行过多考虑. 如此可爱的早晨不宜思考问题或阴暗。
gloom:阴暗
All is well with him who is beloved of his neighbours.
邻里和气，所有是好的。
All is well:所有是好的
But since all is well, keep It'so; make not a sleeping wolf.
可能现在既然一切无事，就维持现状吧; 做不睡着狼。
make not a sleeping wolf:做不睡着狼
And desire not to devour all things which you see around you.
不要想着把你周边的东西都吞食掉。
devour:吞食
Having lost the game, they all left the pitch feeling very dispirited.
他们比赛输了，个个沮丧地退了场。
dispirited:沮丧
Can produce what thing all, let our wait and see what happens.
究竟会发生什么事情，让我们等待及看什么?发生吧。
wait and see what happens:等待及看什么?发生
Yet despite this unseemly outpouring, the biggest problem of all - mental health - remains tight shut.
不过，尽管有上述种种不得体的言谈，但对于最重要的问题 —— 心理健康 —— 人们仍留下的紧闭嘴。
remains tight shut:留下的紧闭嘴
Having reunited after a long departure, the two certainly have a lot to talk about.
两人重新聚会之后长离开，自有许多话说。
reunited after a long departure:重新聚会之后长离开
People feel especially drawn to one another when they have been reunited after many years of separation.
重新聚会之后许多岁月的分离，格外亲切。
reunited after many years of separation:重新聚会之后许多岁月的分离
The contents of the drawers were strewn all over the place.
抽屉里的东西之前散发所有以上是的地点。
ere strewn all over the place:之前散发所有以上是的地点
But it ended so quickly all perfect things seem to end.
但它很快就完结了，好像美好的事物总是结束那么迅速。
ended so quickly:结束那么迅速
He was shied away from personal revelations in interviews and writings.
他在谈话和文章中也是闪烁离开自己的经历。
was shied away:是闪烁离开
Dickens openly revels in the book's rich physical detail and high - hearted conflict.
狄更斯对该书中富人的具体细节描写和勇敢的争斗公开表示欣赏。
rich:富人
They are stimulating and refreshing because with commonsense briskness they brush away illusions and secondhand opinions.
它们有启发性、使人更新是因为它们用简明的常识洗刷去了幻觉和旧的观点。
refreshing:更新
If we all pull together, there's no doubt we can beat them!
我们大家拉一起,，一定能打败他们!
pull together,:拉一起,
We must all pull together if we want to get on.
我们要想工作顺利，必须拉一起,。
pull together,:拉一起,
If we all pull together we can finish the job by this evening.
如果我们拉一起,，今晚我们就可干完这工作。
pull together,:拉一起,
If we all pull together, then we can be a successful force in world rugby again.
如果我们大家拉一起,，那么我们就可能再次成为世界橄榄球的一支成功队伍。
pull together,:拉一起,
She keeps everything on her desk all ship - shape and Bristol fashion.
她把桌子上的所有东西整理得整整齐齐，船-形状。
ship - shape:船-形状
Do you recall how I coaxed you to bath last time?
还记得小时候我自慰你洗澡的情形吗?
coaxed:自慰
He treated her with exceeding deference, rose reverently to open and shut doors for her.
他对她极尽百依百顺之能事;敬重地站起来为她开门，关门。
reverently:敬重
With the skin cut all over his body Woremben was ashamed to go anywhere.
带着与是的皮肤切断所有以上他的身体的身体，伍雷本什么地方也没脸面去了。
With the skin cut all over his body:与是的皮肤切断所有以上他的身体
From all sides, people bore down on the houses on fire to help put out the flames.
人们从自所有两边冲向着火的房屋，去帮助灭火。
From all sides:自所有两边
Thousands of people are singing and dancing in the street today.
今天有成千上万的人在街上歌唱及跳舞。
singing and dancing:歌唱及跳舞
Use no reproachful language against any one; neither curse nor revile.
不要对任何人责备语言，切忌诅咒、辱骂他人。
reproachful language:责备语言
There are the romantic revisionists, and there are the steady, step - by - step sort.
一派是富于幻想的改革者，另一派是比较稳健的、步-以-步的改革者。
step - by - step:步-以-步
He fairly outstripped himself in willingness and civility; he was all smiles at everyone.
他刻意显得惟命是听、文明，对每个人都满脸堆笑。
civility:文明
The winner was all smiles as he heard the results of the voting.
获胜者听到投票的结果时所有微笑。
all smiles:所有微笑
That would be an unfortunate side - effect of this long - overdue plan to revitalise China's moribund stock markets.
对于迟来太久的中国股市振兴大计来说，那将是一个非常不幸的副作用。
revitalise:振兴
This will not only and revitalise you, but will cleanse your and boost your liver function.
这不但会使你振兴，口气清新、还有助于你的肝功能。
revitalise:振兴
I believe you will look refreshed and revitalized after a good sleep.
我相信好好睡上一觉之后诸位会看更新，充满活力。
look refreshed:看更新
His ideas about revitalizing the company's activities are like a breath of fresh air.
他使公司恢复元气活动的意见使人振兴。
revitalizing:振兴
He tried all sorts of dodges to avoid being called up.
他试过所有类别的躲避，耍弄各种花招以逃避被征召入伍。
tried all sorts of dodges:试过所有类别的躲避
By five o'clock in the afternoon we were all burned out from working.
到了下午5点，我们已经干得火烧出去了。
burned out:火烧出去
Have a sniff of this medicine — It'smells revolting, doesn't it?
闻一下这种药——它有一种 revolting的味道，对吗?
revolting:revolting
Why did civilization disappear without a trace when it once dwarfed all surrounding countries?
曾经使周围许多国家瞠乎其后的文明为什么竟消失得消失?
disappear:消失
Don't take any notice of David, he is all talk and no action.
别理戴维，他只会所有说话及不行动。
all talk and no action:所有说话及不行动
That was a revolution to Che. A willing of unimaginable into existence.
对切来说，那就是一次革命. 一种难以想象的的愿望变成现实。
unimaginable:难以想象的
We respect collaboration through expansive, diverse perspectives from all team members.
试译:我们尊重团队各成员通过多样性视角表达不同的观点而形成的协作。
diverse perspectives:多样性视角
Shakespeare, too, reflects fully the all - revolutionizing power of money in the age of growing capitalism.
莎土比亚血完全地反映了资本主义发展时期金钱能够转变一切的力量。
fully:完全
The air of contented shrewdness was all the more of a merit.
那种满意，老谋深算的神态，更显得难能可贵。
contented:满意
The air of contented shrewdness was all the more of a merit.
那种沾沾自喜，聪明的神态，更显得难能可贵。
shrewdness:聪明
The air of contented shrewdness was all the more of a merit.
那种沾沾自喜，老谋深算的神态，更显得所有是的更多的美德。
all the more of a merit:所有是的更多的美德
How non - US dollar assets ratio is not known, the size of U.S. dollar assets are traceable.
非美元资产占比如何不已知，美元资产的规模却有迹可循。
not known:不已知
How non - US dollar assets ratio is not known, the size of U.S. dollar assets are traceable.
非美元资产占比如何不得而知，美元资产的规模却是可追踪。
are traceable:是可追踪
She's so common, shouting like that so all the neighbours can hear!
她非常粗俗，喊叫，周围的人都能听到!
shouting:喊叫
Our village is not big, all the people can get along harmoniously.
我们这个屯子不大，大家都能获得沿着和谐地。
get along harmoniously:获得沿着和谐地
I am singl'd out and separated, as it were, from all the world to be miserable.
唯我独存，分开，困苦万状。
separated:分开
You can be as mad as dog at the way things went.
你可以像疯狗一样对周围的一切疯狂。
mad:疯狂
Ironically, relations between British and American Intelligence in late 1950's were at their lowest postwar ebb.
然而，令人讽刺的是的是，50年代末，英美情报机关之间的关系处在了战后时期的最低潮。
Ironically:讽刺的是
Indeed, non - Western civilisations have begun their march to modernity.
事实上的是，非西方文明已经向现代化大步迈进。
Indeed:事实上
Unfortunately, he was all too frequently not a man of firm decisions.
不幸的是，他经常是一个不男人的坚固决定的人。
not a man of firm decisions:不男人的坚固决定
He'; s all too aware of the flame - out which awaited Mark Hamill after Star Wars.
他完全清楚地意识到了在《星球大战》后，等待着迈克·哈米尔的火焰-出去。
flame - out:火焰-出去
The examinations are getting too close for comfort. I really must do some work.
孝试获得也接近，我得赶紧着手准备了。
getting too close:获得也接近
Sadly the scenes they describe are all too common in cases like his.
可悲的是，他们描述的场景在这样的案件中已经所有也普通。
all too common:所有也普通
With a gentle twist, a button can define, unite, and transform.
只要温柔地搓一搓，一个钮扣就能自我定义，团结一体，或者变换。
transform:变换
The hopes which Reynaud had founded upon the Declaration of Union were soon dispelled.
雷诺对于《联盟宣言》所寄托的希望不久便消灭了。
soon:不久
Too often used or too well known to be effective; hackneyed.
因经常使用或好的已知而无效力的; 陈腐的。
well known:好的已知
Professor Li is too well - known to require my introduction.
李教授好的-已知，恐怕不要我再介绍了。
well - known:好的-已知
First, Mutual respect of sovereignty and territorial integrity, mutual non - aggression and mutual non - interference in internal affairs.
第一，互相尊重主权和领土完整、互不侵犯、相互不-干涉内政。
mutual non - interference:相互不-干涉
Of course, the feast was all vegetarian dishes, and were they delicious!
当然，筵席上的菜都是素菜，但是非常美味!
delicious:美味
It is already perfect, pure and replete with all virtuous, inconceivable Buddha - qualities.
它已经是完美的，纯洁的并且充满了所有善良的，不可思议的佛素质。
inconceivable:不可思议
If you think you can easily beat him, you're all wet.
你以为轻易地就能打败他，那你就所有湿了。
all wet:所有湿
If he thinks he can invite me out, he is all wet.
假如他以为可以邀我外出，他就所有湿了。
all wet:所有湿
While standing before a white man I had to figure out how to perform each act.
我在白人面前，每个行动都不得不审度盘算一番。
each act:每个行动
The risk is he executes the true alpha male move and takes both your toys.
这样做的风险是老板真耍一回大男子做法，把你的两件玩具都接受。
takes:接受
The new mayor is broad - minded and liberal about things.
新市长宽度-有心，思想开明。
broad - minded:宽度-有心
Frank Pick was a very large man, well over six feet tall and broad shouldered.
法拉克·匹克是一个大男人，有着六英尺以上的身高和宽厚的肩膀。
large man:大男人
You can talk my head off, but you can't change wrong into right.
随你怎么说得说话我的头取消，你也不能把错的说成对的。
talk my head off:说话我的头取消
To buy stock in a single company is to have all your eggs in one basket.
只买一家公司的股票是有所有你的蛋在一个篮子。
have all your eggs in one basket:有所有你的蛋在一个篮子
The other social careers like broadcast, TV, weather also have a great development.
广播、电视、气象等其他社会事业也有了有伟大的发展的发展。
have a great development:有伟大的发展
Mrs. Duncan tried to make herself conspicuous by wearing a new hat.
邓肯夫人戴了顶新帽子，想突出自己，穿着新帽子。
wearing a new hat:穿着新帽子
His hard little face looked flintier than ever and Scarlett was in a quandary.
他这时板着的面孔看上去比石头还坚硬，思嘉在困境了。
in a quandary:在困境
Her eyes wandered down to the glowing broadsword at hellos side.
她的眼看东西假想线往下偏移，瞄了瞄他身旁那柄闪烁的阔剑。
glowing:闪烁
Canada pulled goalie Brodeur, adding an extra attacker in a desperate attempt to tie the contest.
加拿大队撤换了守门员布罗德来增加一个额外的进攻球员，以此在绝望企图，尝试去扳平比分。
in a desperate attempt:在绝望企图
Gathering up all his courage, he turned to face the enemy.
他集合高所有他的勇气，转身面对敌人。
Gathering up all his courage:集合高所有他的勇气
"For me, Brokeback isn't rebellious at all," he said. "It's a very ordinary movie."
李安表示: [对我而言，断背山一点也不叛乱者]，[ 这是一部极为平实的电影 ]。
rebellious:叛乱者
She was almost broken - hearted because the emperor forgot her.
由于皇帝忘了她，她几乎破裂-有心。
broken - hearted:破裂-有心
He was accused of graft and embezzlement and was chained and thrown into prison.
他因被指控贪污盗窃而是 chined及投掷进入监狱。
was chained and thrown into prison:是 chined及投掷进入监狱
She wore ribbons in her black hair and clung to her dreams.
她在黑头发上系着红缎带，束缚自己的梦。
clung:束缚
This point cannot leave company allstaff's uniting as one with courageously to strive for success thespirit.
这一点离不开公司全体员工的统一如一个和奋勇拼搏精神。
uniting as one:统一如一个
At the meeting, both Dilworth and Riccardo were still pretty vague.
会面时，迪尔沃思和里卡多仍然是很漂亮模糊的。
pretty vague:很漂亮模糊
It'should be said of Peng Shuai lost Unfortunately, too, after all, been turned rival.
应该说彭帅的输球显得太遗憾，毕竟是被对手是的转动竞争者。
been turned rival:是的转动竞争者
Meanwhile, news of what she has done has spread far beyond Riceville.
同时，她所干的事的消息有扩散，远远地传出了赖斯维尔镇以外。
has spread:有扩散
It would be disingenuous of me to claim I had never seen it.
要说我从未看到过，那就是有永远已见它了。
had never seen it:有永远已见它
On matters of principle we should be clear - cut in attitude, and by no means be equivocal.
在原则问题上，我们必须态度鲜明，决不能明确的。
equivocal:明确的
A police officer punched a 15 - year - old girl then used pepper spray to subdue her.
一名警员对一名15 岁的女孩拳击然后用胡椒喷雾使她屈服。
punched:拳击
Newspaper as good reading materials can widen our sight and richen our knowledge.
多读报，多受益:扩大我们的视力，丰富知识，学习流行词语和英语最新发展。
widen our sight:扩大我们的视力
Sun's 36 - year - old O'Neal has had his power, defensive ability, has been watered down rebounds.
太阳的奥尼尔已经36 岁了，他的爆发力，防守能力，篮板球已经有是的水倒下反弹。
has been watered down rebounds:有是的水倒下反弹
The products of a skilled and gifted humorist, are often funny and almost always readalbe.
一个有技巧有天才的幽默作家的作品总是韵味无穷，令人读来永远朗读。
always readalbe:永远朗读
It's important for the college freshman to keep his nose clean.
对大学新生而言保持他的鼻清洁是很重要的。
keep his nose clean:保持他的鼻清洁
Early brooms didn't have much speed and tired out their riders.
早期的扫帚速度非常慢，并且让骑乘者疲倦出去。
tired out:疲倦出去
That melancholy pleasure - ground was almost deserted when she entered.
她走进公园时，设备简陋的游戏场几乎被遗弃。
deserted:被遗弃
The streets were silent, almost deserted, and he was aware of being conspicuous.
街道上一片寂静，行人稀少.于是，他担心自己有些明显。
conspicuous:明显
Most of the tourists have gone, and the roads are quiet and almost deserted.
大多数游客都已离去，路上很静，几乎被遗弃。
deserted:被遗弃
Wu Fangmiao, an eighteen - year - old boy, never gave up himself because of his mental paralysis.
十八岁的吴方淼没有因身患脑瘫，而给予高自己。
gave up himself:给予高自己
The avenue was almost empty, the evening air was sweet and clear.
路上几乎空，夜晚的空气清馨爽人。
empty:空
At this time of the morning, the arcade is was almost empty.
在早晨的这个时候，这个拱廊街道上几乎空。
empty:空
I [B] have nothing to do with my ex - husband anymore.
我跟我的前夫已经有没什么到做了。
have nothing to do:有没什么到做
Various objects cluttered up the room so that it was almost impossible to get in.
房间里堆满了杂乱高的各种物件以至于几乎进不去了。
cluttered up:杂乱高
This elusive almost invisible quality was more than a mere habit.
这种难以捉摸的无形品质不仅仅只是一个良好习惯。
elusive:难以捉摸
When lights fuse, furniture gets rickety, pipes get clogged, wives automatically assume that their husbands will somehow...
当电灯保险丝烧断、家具变得摇摇晃晃、水管变得堵塞时，妻子们便会自动地认为丈夫总会
automatically:自动
He wondered idly where his brother - in - law was going at the moment.
他无声无语地在猜测他的姐夫现在要去哪里。
idly:无声无语
So the real victory was still with his smooth, smug brother - in - law.
所以，真正取得胜利的还是他那平滑自命不凡的内弟。
smooth:平滑
Muttering among themselves for hours, the men developed a deepening sense of intrigue and of brotherhood.
他们一连几个小时地这么低声交谈，逐渐产生了一种的引人注目、同舟共济的感情。
of intrigue:的引人注目
Muttering among themselves for hours, the men developed a deepening sense of intrigue and of brotherhood.
他们一连几个小时地这么低声交谈，逐渐产生了一种患难与共、的兄弟关系的感情。
of brotherhood:的兄弟关系
The service sector is almost nonexistent and it is proving fiendishly hard to boost consumption directly.
中国几乎不存在服务业，而事实证明要直接刺激消费简直是很困难。
hard:很困难
But compared to relatives waiting to be taken around town, these trials are not worth mentioning.
与亲戚们一味滞留下来天天无事可做等待领着出游相比，这些简直就太不价值提到了。
not worth mentioning:不价值提到
It is something that needs only a slight effort, and is not worth mentioning.
做这件事只是只有轻微努力，不值一提。
only a slight effort:只有轻微努力
Almost nothing remains to remind the visitor of the original Underground.
可以使来访者想起原来地下面貌的东西几已没什么留下的。
nothing remains:没什么留下的
Environmental chaos, something non - constant infighting tangled several forces, the detection work like and mirrors, investigators overwhelmed.
环境混乱，事非不断，几股势力纠结暗斗，侦破工作有如镜子，办案人员压力重重。
mirrors:镜子
The house is almost perfect, with the exception of its sewage system.
除了排水系统外，这房子完美。
perfect:完美
These last words were a dose almost too bitter to be swallowed.
最后一段话就象一剂苦的药，实在令人难以下咽。
bitter:苦
He is too nice a man to do anything as despicable as murder.
他这人太很好了，根本不可能去干谋杀这类可鄙的事。
nice:很好
She speaks / talks in riddles it's very difficult to know what she means.
她说话在谜题--实在令人费解。
in riddles:在谜题
I managed to pass all my exams. almost too good to be true.
我居然通过了所有的考试. 真是好得也好的到是真啊。
too good to be true:也好的到是真
Such benefits for part - time workers are almost unheard of in America.
兼职员工能享有这种福利，在美国几乎是不听见。
unheard:不听见
Catastrophic change is rare and continual catastrophic change over long periods is almost unknown.
灾难性巨变很少见，长期持续的灾难性变化更几乎是未知。
unknown:未知
These were the flirt, the gossip, fun lover, wallflower, the ice - queen, the playboy, Jack - the - lad and browbeater.
调情女、闲聊女、享乐人、壁花、冰美人、花花公子、酷哥和browbeter男。
browbeater:browbeter
Coercion, both hard and soft after the swing is a series non - criminal.
强迫，软硬兼施之后又是几番吊打非刑。
Coercion:强迫
But he's got a winning personality, he's photogenic, and he comes with a crowd - pleasing style.
他的气质很迷人、长相上镜、拳击风格人群-令人愉快。
crowd - pleasing:人群-令人愉快
Military means alone have proved inadequate in meeting massive and complicated security challenges.
单一的军事手段不足以应对复杂的安全挑战。
complicated:复杂
For a while he would stand alone, gazing like any idler upon an ever - fascinating scene.
有一段时间，他会独自站在那里，像一个艾德勒上一个晚上的人一样注视着一个始终迷人的场面。
idler upon an eve:艾德勒上一个晚上
Now, incongruously, ridiculously, she found herself longing for a cheese sandwich.
令人奇怪的是，此时此刻她却可笑的地渴望吃上一块奶酪三明治。
ridiculously:可笑的
But for any thoughtful fund - management executive, it ought to be along - term worry.
但对于任何有思想的人的基金管理总裁而言，危机肯定是一个长期的担忧。
thoughtful:有思想的人
On most matters she's quite prepared to sound off without inhibition.
对大多数问题她都准备没有抑制地阐述自己的意见。
without inhibition:没有抑制
The matter is manipulated secretly by her from alpha to omega.
这事从阿尔法到欧米加都是她秘密策划的。
from alpha to omega:从阿尔法到欧米加
Dr. Rieux is devoted to treating the sick regardless of his own safety.
李欧医生不顾自身安危，是献身治疗病人。
is devoted:是献身
Some, like the diver Guo Jingjing, 26, are already big - name solidified their reputations during these Games.
像今年26岁、已经大-名字的郭晶晶在这一次比赛中又添辉煌。
big - name:大-名字
Elmore is a rigger who has long been suffering harsh treatment from his family and neighbors.
艾蒙是个黑人穷小子，自幻遭邻居欺凌，被家人忽略，被女友抛弃，痛苦严酷。
suffering harsh:痛苦严酷
We are committed to an open, equitable, rule - based, predictable and non - discriminatory multilateral trading and financial system.
我们承诺建立一个开放的、公平的、规则-基于的、可预测的和非歧视性的多边贸易和金融体制。
rule - based:规则-基于
Virtual earth is a map service already deployed in US for years.
地图服务在中国大陆已经部署。
deployed:部署
Already famous by that time, Swift would become immortalized with this last great work.
当时已经成名的他，因为最后这本巨著而得以永生。
immortalized:永生
The dungeon was, most unusually, already full of vapors and odd smells.
地下室的是，地下教室已经充满了各种蒸气和古怪的气味。
dungeon:地下室
The waiting room is already full of people. There is no room for one more person.
候车室已经完全的人，再也挤不下人了。
full of people:完全的人
Our allies are the millions who hunger and thirst after righteousness.
那些成千上万饥饿及渴寻找正义的人是我们的联盟。
hunger and thirst:饥饿及渴
He had already heard that various rumors were in circulation about Miss Chalice.
他听说过，关于查理丝小姐这个人，流传着各种各样的谣言。
rumors:谣言
I promote tolerance, justice and human rights. I campaign for harmony among countries and peoples.
我倡导宽容、公正和人权，并大力宣传国家之间和人民之间和谐。
harmony:和谐
They say surrounding neighborhoods are already overcrowded with tourists and park visitors.
他们说，附近的居民、旅客和公园游客已经把该地区挤得过度拥挤。
overcrowded:过度拥挤
Looking back, we had already passed such a long route. Cool!
回头望去，我们已经走过那么长的一段路了，太酷了!
Cool:酷
This shows, the idea with recreational travel is thorough already popular feeling.
由此可见，旅游休闲的观念已流行感觉。
popular feeling:流行感觉
Brother has already prepared to travel across the ocean and study abroad.
表哥已经做好了旅行越过是的海洋留学的准备。
travel across the ocean:旅行越过是的海洋
Leaders interpret the construction of energy - efficient energy - saving strategy is imminent?
高层领导解读节能方略建筑节能已即将到来的?
imminent:即将到来的
These people will tend to flood the cities, worsening already strained urban resources.
这些人往往大批涌往城市，使市区本已负荷过重[恶化]的各种设施雪上加霜。
worsening:恶化
These people will tend to flood the cities, worsening already strained urban resources.
这些人往往大批涌往城市，使市区本已负荷过重[不堪重负]的各种设施恶化。
worsening:恶化
"It won't be that bad,'said Hsin - mei, brushing it off lightly.
辛楣轻快道:“那不至于. ”
lightly:轻快
His manner seemed easier and, while still not friendly, was certainly less brusque and not aggressive.
他的态度似乎也平易了些，尽管仍然算不上友好，但肯定不那么唐突无理，侵略性了。
aggressive:侵略性
This is no mere hearsay, have itgood authority that any dissenting opinions are brusquely pushed aside.
这不是谣言，我为此提供可靠资料证明任何不同意见都被轻率地推到。
hearsay:谣言
From what I've listens, you're already well up in shipping work.
自什么?我已经听，你方对运输工作很在行。
From what I've listens:自什么?我已经听
Market - oriented policies in order to the line of structural market is also emerging.
市场以政策导向为主线的结构性行情也新兴的。
emerging:新兴的
He wore rimless glasses and sported a neat grey moustache, very impressive.
他戴着无边眼镜，留着整齐的灰色胡子，非常令人印象深刻。
impressive:令人印象深刻
Free mode you can practice your skills, but also running idle.
自由模式中你可以练习你的技巧，同时也可以正在运行闲置的行驶。
running idle:正在运行闲置
To a few people, that is another politics only of time ring down the curtain.
美国大选环形倒下是的窗帘.对一些人来说，那只是又一场政治嘉年华的落幕。
ring down the curtain:环形倒下是的窗帘
The men who seek intoxicating cups are men who invite their fates.
那些想喝得寻找醉人的杯的人是向命运挑战的人。
seek intoxicating cups:寻找醉人的杯
Instead, some of these children attend what are known as non - formal or in - formal informal schools.
相反,的是，那些孩子参加了我们说了解的非正规学校。
Instead:相反,
A problem with alternative medicine is, of course, that of anecdote and hearsay.
有选择性药物的一个问题当然是轶事和谣言的。
hearsay:谣言
He rioted abroad for a brief term, living by his wits.
他在海外暴动了一段很短的时期，靠他的小聪明过日子。
rioted:暴动
I wanted no more riotous excursions with privileged glimpses into the human heart.
我不再要参与暴躁的游乐，也不再要偶尔窥见人内心深处的荣幸了。
riotous:暴躁
The fortunes of New Orleans have always depended on its riparian location.
新奥尔良的财富一直与其河岸的位置依賴。
depended:依賴
With the ripeness of myopia therapy, the hyperopia therapy becomes the focus.
随着近视治疗的与是的成熟度，远视治疗越来越成为人们关注的焦点。
With the ripeness:与是的成熟度
The wheat was ripening; the cherry trees were heavy with fruit.
小麦在成熟，樱桃树上也是重与水果。
were heavy with fruit:是重与水果
Grier's citizenship, like his football, is aggressive, joyous, tough - and catching.
作为一个公民，格里尔的品质像他的橄榄球生涯一样:积极进取，高兴，勇猛顽强并富有感染力。
joyous:高兴
No class of man is altogether bad, but each has its own faults and virtues.
没有一个总的来说的恶棍，谁都有他的缺点和优点。
altogether:总的来说
Due to poor family living Rishengchang Vote Xuzhou No. semicolon after semicolon emigration Beijing office manager.
因穷人家庭，住日升昌票号苏州分号，后移住北京任分号经理。
poor family:穷人家庭
As a rising star of the telephone market has developed rapidly in recent years.
作为上升星的电话行销近年来也发展迅速。
a rising star:上升星
He will be defending his crown against the new rising star of boxing.
他将在这名拳击是的新上升星面前卫冕自己的荣誉。
the new rising star:是的新上升星
Shanxi province bauxite, electric power is resourceful, the condition that develops aluminous industry is advantaged.
山西省铝土矿、电力资源丰富，发展铝工业的条件是获利。
is advantaged:是获利
They usually have lots of red tape, turf wars and are risk - averse.
它们通常有着大量的红色胶带，打地盘战或不愿承担风险。
red tape:红色胶带
The door, which has extruded aluminum frame, is said to be weather - resistant, shatterproof, and warp - proof.
那扇有突出铝框的门据说天气-耐性，不会打破，也不会扭曲。
weather - resistant:天气-耐性
Comfortingly, regulators who scrutinise the banks'risk - weighted capital say it is stronger than ever.
舒适的是，对银行的风险加权资本进行审查的监管机构声称它比过去强大不少。
Comfortingly:舒适
As always, it is vital to know what's your artistic direction prior to painting.
阿斯永远，预先知道你绘画的艺术方向是至关重要的。
As always:阿斯永远
He changed with us over the years always a little ahead of us.
多年来他与我们一道转变，而且总是前面。
ahead:前面
He was always composed; his manners, except on one or two occasions, were impeccable.
他一直编写的，除一两次外，举止态度都无懈可击。
composed:编写的
He was always composed; his manners, except on one or two occasions, were impeccable.
他一直神态自若，除一两次外，举止态度都完美无缺。
impeccable:完美无缺
Taipei Main Station is always crowded and people sometimes push and shove.
台北车站总是拥挤，民众有时会推挤来去。
crowded:拥挤
The things always run in busy time, the beginning is always difficult.
事情总是在忙忙碌碌中进行着，是的开始是永远很困难，我想一切都会好的。
the beginning is always difficult:是的开始是永远很困难
The huge brick house which Banker White had built on Buckey Street had overshadowed it.
银行家怀特在白克埃街上建的大砖屋，使它被遮蔽。
overshadowed:被遮蔽
It is good for a man to live within his means.
活内部他的表示地生活是好的。
live within his means:活内部他的表示
The night will be very hard for me, without a penny in my pocket.
我没有英鎊在我的口袋，今夜将是何等难熬。
without a penny in my pocket:没有英鎊在我的口袋
We should not always say 22 row, But down - to - earth.
我们不应该总是说22连胜，而是应该倒下-到-地球。
down - to - earth:倒下-到-地球
No one knows why those two are always scheming against each other.
他们两个老是安排反对每个其他，也不知是为什么。
scheming against each other:安排反对每个其他
I guess it's real soul - inspiring to work in a ritzy layout like this.
我想在陈设这么豪华的地方工作一定灵魂-令人鼓舞吧。
soul - inspiring:灵魂-令人鼓舞
Though her face trifle paler from lack of sleep, she was always smiling, fresh and neat.
她的脸色由于缺乏睡眠略显苍白，但是她总是面带笑容，新鲜，干净利落。
fresh:新鲜
Young people who always sure of how to act can smile at their awkwardness.
年轻人笨拙时可以对困境微微一笑。
awkwardness:笨拙
Having white hair and ruddy complexion, my grandfather is hale and hearty.
我爷爷是位哈里及深情的矍铄老人。
hale and hearty:哈里及深情
Thanks to his persistent physical exercise, he looks healthy, with white hair and a ruddy complexion.
由于长期坚持体育锻炼，他看起来健康。
healthy:健康
Conversation after conversation regarding allocations peeled away the rivalries and ill will below the surface.
是的竞争及病意志下面是的表面的时候都是在吵资金分配的事。
the rivalries and ill will below the surface:是的竞争及病意志下面是的表面
The rivalries of different cliques in Nanking produced the same bitter contentions on the front.
南京各派系之间的。竞争使前方部队也出现了同样激烈的内部倾轧。
The rivalries:。竞争
She is the wrong woman for the job; she is always trying to make waves.
她不适合做这份工作，她老是想做波浪。
make waves:做波浪
Customers either domestic or overseas are always welcome to visit our company.
本公司热忱欢迎海内外客商欢迎到参观。
welcome to visit:欢迎到参观
The waves were running mountains high and the inky clouds were riven by forked lightning.
。波浪如山，闪电象一把叉子似地划破了漆黑的云层。
The waves:。波浪
He's clumsy and untidy but then again he's always willing to help.
他笨手笨脚的又邋遢;可是话说回来，他总是自愿到帮助。
willing to help:自愿到帮助
Income - generating work and also can not be achieved overnight.
而创收工作，又不可能可以不是成就一夜之间。
can not be achieved overnight:可以不是成就一夜之间
Mr. Budd, in the interests of business, agreed that dark brown would be very nice.
为了做成这笔生意，巴德先生同意地说深褐色好。
agreed:同意
Two mine can achieve an advantage after amalgamative production complementary, resource, asset is reasonable configuration.
两个矿井合并生产后可以实现补充，资源、资产合理配置。
complementary:补充
Traditional financial management software, request that you rivets attention and dedication kanpan.
传统的理财软件，要求您目不转睛、尼特注意看盘。
rivets attention:尼特注意
Other enterprise General is typing interpuntion, imposition, strips all doing, non - interference.
其他企业一般是打字排版、拼版、出片各干各的，不-干涉。
non - interference:不-干涉
This is an extremely sensitive period to begin publicly rethinking your own rhetoric about non - interference.
但现在让公众开始重新考虑你描述的那些有关不-干涉内政政策的内容，这太过于敏感了。
non - interference:不-干涉
He had not quitted the Who's in Town program, despite the popularity of the amateur hour.
尽管业余时间节目是的流行性，他并没有放弃“市内名人动态”这个节目。
the popularity:是的流行性
Under - and non - invoicing to avoid value - added tax (VAT) are common.
通过发票不足或不开发票来逃避增值税的现象是普通。
are common:是普通
The greater the failures became, the more obstinately his incurable amateurishness came to the fore.
失败越大，他那种不可靠的“行家”习性就越顽固地显示出来。
incurabl:不可靠
The many different kinds of stalactites, stalagmites, and columns found here are both beautiful and amazing.
有许多不同各种类型的钟乳石笋和石柱，洞下更有无底洞、水池等景观，可以说是别有洞天。
many different kinds:许多不同各种类型
The many different kinds of stalactites, stalagmites, and columns found here are both beautiful and amazing.
有奇形怪状的钟乳石笋和石柱，洞下更有无底洞、水池等景观，可以说是令人惊奇。
amazing:令人惊奇
If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
若人们相信自己，你会惊奇于他们完成。
accomplish:完成
Carlo Rizzi spoke out of his terrible fear, without dignity, without any kind of pride.
卡罗-瑞泽吓得出去的他的可怕恐惧，说起话来既不顾个人尊严，也丝毫不顾个人荣誉。
out of his terrible fear:出去的他的可怕恐惧
Honeyed words may deceive people of some time, but they cannot stand the test of time and practice.
蜜蜂词汇蒙骗人于一时，但是却经不起时间和实践的检验。
Honeyed words:蜜蜂词汇
Boys must be ambious, but at first you must on the ground.
人要有阴暗的，但首先要脚踏实地。
ambious:阴暗的
Boys must be ambious, but at first you must on the ground.
人要有雄心壮志，但首先要上是的地面。
on the ground:上是的地面
It was his ambition that had prompted him to take his place at the archiepiscopal table.
促使他到大主教公馆的，是他的野心。
ambition:野心
At that time my virtue slumbered; my evil, kept awake by ambition.
就在那时，我的善的一面睡着了，我的邪恶面因野心而清醒着。
ambition:野心
She is ambitious and discontented with her job at the post office.
她野心的，邮局的工作不满意。
ambitious:野心的
The name Fett carries with it a cold air of dread and competence.
“费特”这一姓氏代表了可怕和专业，让人冷空气的恐惧。
cold air of dread:冷空气的恐惧
The colony failed within five years, and the buffaloes were turned loose.
五年后那些水牛因殖民者失败是转动松开。
were turned loose:是转动松开
I waited for him to snort, get bug - eyed, break and run.
我等待着它喷鼻息，惊讶得获得错误-有眼目，然后突然转身逃跑。
get bug - eyed:获得错误-有眼目
Why does it take so long when it's not even shadowing or bugging?
为什么他总是甚至阴影或欺骗的跟着你?
even shadowing or bugging:甚至阴影或欺骗
Therefore it is imperative to build a sound law protection system.
因此，建立健全我国的隐私权法律保护制度不可避免的。
imperative:不可避免的
He gave a false colour to the facts to suit his own purposes.
他给予假颜色使其符合自己的目的。
gave a false colour:给予假颜色
She had been surprised at how amiable and polite he had seemed.
看到他如此和蔼可亲、礼貌，她非常惊讶。
polite:礼貌
He kept embellishing it in his mind, building up the laughs.
他在心里不断地为它装饰，增加笑料。
embellishing:装饰
Feel free to post any kinds of topics. Non - registered users are also allowed to post.
这里是灌水区，没有主题限制，非注册用户也可以是也允许地发表帖子。
are also allowed:是也允许
What about the risk that operators will fragment the internet erecting new road - blocks or toll booths?
运营商们通过建立“路障”和“收费所”，将网络弄得断片，这样做的风险是什么?
fragment:断片
Road - toll is an efficient way to collect capital for road building.
公路收费是筹集公路建设资金的一种效率高的方法。
efficient:效率高
He flopped to the sandy roadbed and twisted like an injured snake.
他扑倒在沙土路上像一条受了伤的蛇一般蜷扭曲。
twisted:扭曲
The principles of "self-reliance" and "hard struggle" have gone deep into people's minds.
"自力更生"，"艰苦奋斗"的方针已深入人心。
self-reliance:自力更生
The principles of "self-reliance" and "hard struggle" have gone deep into people's minds.
"自力更生"，"很困难斗争"的方针已深入人心。
hard struggle:很困难斗争
The principles of "self-reliance" and "hard struggle" have gone deep into people's minds.
"自力更生"，"艰苦奋斗"的方针已飞鸟已故深进入人民的思想。
ave gone deep into people's minds:飞鸟已故深进入人民的思想
The trapped miners were cheered when they heard the rescue party.
被困的矿工听到救援队来了，都欢呼。
cheered:欢呼
No matter how you read it,this sentence doesn't make any sense.
不管你怎么读法，这个句子总是不是做任何感觉。
doesn't make any sense:不是做任何感觉
The ship was caught in a bad storm,but it came to no harm.
船遇上了强烈的暴风雨，但来了到不伤害。。
came to no harm.:来了到不伤害。
The enemy troops had been bogged down; supply had not kept up with them.
敌人的部队束缚倒下了;他们的补给跟不上。
bogged down:束缚倒下
The attack on him descended to a level of personal character assassination.
对他的攻击简直堕落到了个人字符暗杀的地步。
personal character assassination:个人字符暗杀
Violations of the law and breaches of discipline are not to be connived at.
对于违法乱纪的行为绝不能是被屈服在。
be connived at:是被屈服在
The pilot shot up to a high altitude where he let loose full blast.
飞行员将飞机猛地升到高空，然后让松开完全爆炸。
let loose full blast:让松开完全爆炸
The wind blew hard,the rain sheeted down,and we were all soaked to the skin.
风在怒吼，雨张贴的杜，我们混身湿透了。
rain sheeted dow:雨张贴的杜
Various small matters preyed on his mind and robbed him of all peace.
各种小事使他感到烦恼，弄得他抢劫他的所有和平。
robbed him of all peace:抢劫他的所有和平
I know nothing about it beyond what we have read in the papers.
关于这事，除了报章所见的以外，我知道没什么。
know nothing:知道没什么
It was a long time before she tumbled to what I mean.
过了好久她才倒塌，明白我的意思。
tumbled:倒塌
The children were horsing around in the backyard,making a lot of noise.
孩子们在后院哄闹，发出很响的制造很多的噪音。
making a lot of noise:制造很多的噪音
The sound of footsteps in the dark made his blood run cold.
黑暗中的脚步声使他感到所作的他的血跑冷。
made his blood run cold:所作的他的血跑冷
Try to be civil to him,even if you don't like him.
即使你并不喜欢他，也要是民事。
be civil:是民事
Seeing that she's old enough to get married,I don't think you can stop her.
既然是她是老够了到获得结婚，我认为你也阻止不了她。
she's old enough to get married:她是老够了到获得结婚
It has been a very pleasant day,but it's coming in quite chilly now,isn't it?
今天一天令人愉快，但现在转冷了，不是吗?
pleasant:令人愉快
In spite of all his troubles he retained his sense of humour.
尽管面临所有他的麻烦，他仍保持着幽默感。
all his troubles:所有他的麻烦
The police promised not to rest until all the criminals were caught.
警察答应不抓获全部罪犯不到休息。
not to rest:不到休息
The police think the bank robbers are holed up in Chicago.
警方认为抢银行的人被是封锁高芝加哥。
are holed up:是封锁高
My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in the sky.
看到天空中的彩虹，我就我的心跳跃高。
My heart leaps up:我的心跳跃高
Everybody in the neighborhood misses you,and we're all hoping you'll be back soon.
邻居们都很想念你，盼望你是背面不久出院。
be back soon:是背面不久
Roger lost consciousness at four o'clock in the afternoon and died in the night.
罗杰下午四点失去意识，于夜间去世。
lost consciousness:失去意识
Mary seems content to sit in front of the television all night.
玛丽似乎整夜坐在电视机前就内容了。
content:内容
The horse reared up at the sight of the coming train.
马一见驰近的火车就用后腿耕作高了。
reared up:耕作高
Nobody knew what had caused her to blaze out in anger.
没有人知道什么事惹得她火焰出去在愤怒。
blaze out in anger:火焰出去在愤怒
Everyone was surprised when the football team was relegated to a lower division.
每个人都为足球队降级而惊奇。
surprised:惊奇
It was difficult to remain equanimous in the face of such preposterous impertinence.
面对着述种荒谬无礼的行为，很难留下一致。
remain equanimous:留下一致
The big sale was a shot in the arm to the failing company.
那笔大生意给那间失败的公司打气。
failing:失败
The place abounds in sights on which the eyes may dwell with pleasure.
那个地方有许多可以他眼睛可以居住与喜悦的景致。
he eyes may dwell with pleasure:他眼睛可以居住与喜悦
The teacher's so weak that the children do what they like.
那位教师太软弱，孩子们都可以做什么?他们如。
do what they like:做什么?他们如
No wonder the cloisonn work has won a world fame as the flower of Chinese art.
难怪景泰蓝世界名声称为中国艺术之花。
world fame:世界名声
Vera observed her guests' expressions glazing over with boredom at the insipidity of the conversation.
维拉注意到，客人们由于对无聊的谈话感到厌烦，流露出与无聊的神情。
with boredom:与无聊
Excuse me for my long delaying in returning to you your "Robinson Crusoe" which I read through with great interest.
我迟迟未能归还您的那<鲁滨逊漂流记>，请原谅。该书我读得与伟大的利息。
with great interest:与伟大的利息
We offer the best value in London,only four pounds for a meal with wine and coffee!
我们的价钱在全伦敦最公道，只消花上四镑钱，就能为餐食，还加酒和咖啡!
for a meal:为餐食
We love the little carved Chinese figures,and they'll be just perfect on our mantel!.
我们喜欢这些很小的中国雕塑品，把它们放在壁炉架上，真是再合适不过了。
little:很小
We must allow plenty of time to get to the railway station ----we can't gamble on the road being clear.
我们应当留有充裕的时间到火车站去没法保险路上交通一定是清楚。
being clear:是清楚
While I was well aware that he was busily engaged,I had to pop in to tell him the encouraging news I had just heard.
我明知他很忙，但我不得不闯进去告诉他我刚听到的那个鼓励的消息。
encouraging:鼓励
On hearing the encouraging news,each of us picked up his pen and began to write a little poem on the subject.
一听到这鼓励的消息，我们每个人都拿起笔，开始用这个题材来写一首小诗。
encouraging:鼓励
Some Western journalists like to color their stories up with lurid details of people's private lives.
一些西方记者喜欢用人们私生活中阴险的细节来渲染自己的报道。
lurid:阴险
The bank offered to lend us ￡1000 but it's chickenfeed compared to what we need.
银行提出给我们一千镑贷款，这笔钱与我们所需要的数目相比是鸡饲料。
chickenfeed:鸡饲料
The leader of the Opposition gained significantly in stature as a result of his speech on environs,mental pollution.
由于发表了有关环境污染问题的演说，在野党领袖的声望获得的很明显了。
gained significantly:获得的很明显
There was shouting,and loud music,and all sorts of goings-on I can't describe!
有喊叫的嘈杂声音，又有震耳的音乐声，还有种种我无法形容的事情。
shouting:喊叫
At the press conference,the press secretary ladled out some old trash about fighting inflation.
在记者招待会上，新闻发布官抛出了一些关于制止通货膨胀的老垃圾。
old trash:老垃圾
Once in my school-days I had my composition pulled apart in front of other students.
在我学生时代，有一次当着其他学生的面我的作文给批评得拖拉分开。
pulled apart:拖拉分开
The whole thing is jumbled up in my memory and I can't give you exact details of it.
整个事件在我的记忆中已经杂乱高，确切的详细情况我说不上来了。
jumbled up:杂乱高
A politician supporting an unpopular law is sticking his neck out; he may lose the next election.
支持不受欢迎的法令的政治家完全是在冒险，他可能在下次大选中失败。
unpopular:不受欢迎
From these introductions I began to appreciate the grandeur of art and have decided to become a devoted pilgrim of art.
当时我便立志要做艺术的朝圣者，因为我相信，艺术的领域不但壮丽，而且浩瀚无穷。
grandeur:壮丽
The goods were in perfect condition on leaving our warehouse and the damage has evidently occurred in transit.
该货从本公司仓库运出时在完美条件，现在所出现的损伤显然是在运输过程中造成的。
in perfect condition:在完美条件
I used to dig the garden every week,but I lost heart when all the plants died.
过去我每星期都要在花园里掘土栽种，但是自从所有的花木都死了后，我也就失去心了。
lost heart:失去心
I grant you that the government isn't very popular at the moment,but I think it will win the next election.
就算你说得对，本届政府在目前不太流行，但是，我认为它还是会在下届选举中获胜的。
popular:流行
You'll be working with many congenial people,and I'm sure you'll find them capable and cooperative.
您将与许多先天性的同行一道工作。我相信，您会发现他们很能干，而且很合作。
congenial:先天性
He played off Kane against Carlton until both were too angry with each other to attack him.
他挑起凯恩与卡尔顿之间的矛盾，直到这两个人相互生气而顾不到来攻击他。
angry:生气
She does fuss the children about so-making sure they're well wrapped up ,and worrying about minor illnesses.
她一定要孩子们穿得暖暖的，他们有点小毛小病便令人担心，她对他们实在关心得太过分了。
worrying:令人担心
Indeed,you've learnt to pronounce better than your brothers,but is it any reason for you to get puffed up?
通过学习，你的发音确实比你兄弟们好，可是这难道就是你可以获得 puffed高的理由吗?
get puffed up:获得 puffed高
It enabled us to have a welcome bath,and generally ease off after our first taste of mountaineering.
这使我们能够舒舒服服地洗上一个澡，并且在首次登山之后普遍地感到轻松取消。
ease off:轻松取消
It takes a lot of skill on his part to chop up hours of tape and give the programs continuity.
接受很多的技能地砍去几个小时的录音带材料，同时还要使节目有连贯性，这就要求他有高超的技术才行。
takes a lot of skill:接受很多的技能
The market will not stand a high-priced line; we have in mind your "Softweight" coat Women's and Men's designs.
高价商品对本地市场并不适合，这一点我们对贵公司的[Softweight]外衣，男装及女装设计有在思绪。
have in mind:有在思绪
Puffed up by wait is known as"success",Curtis behaved as if he had owned the universe.
柯蒂斯由于获得了所谓的"成功"而帕夫德高，从他的行动举止看，好象他已占有了整个宇宙似的。
Puffed up:帕夫德高
He fumed at the casualness of the waiter who kept him waiting for half- an- hour and them served half-cold soup.
那个服务员让他等了半小时然后才送上一碗半冷不热的汤来，他对这种意外的服务态度很恼火。
casualness:意外
Dying,the red Army man gasped out his last words to his comrades:" Fight to the end for the cause of communism."
那个红军战士在临终时燃气出去地对同志们说出最后一句话:"为共产主义事业而战斗到底。"
gasped out:燃气出去
I am such a tiny thing that I am of little use to you.
我如微小，无可效劳。
such a tiny:如微小
I knew that something was going to happen,and I was very jumpy.
我知道要出事了，吓得跳跃。
jumpy:跳跃
Saddle-tree, who entered immediately afterwards, overwhelmed him with questions, which he answered without understanding them.
随后进来的萨德尔特里立即问了他许多问题，他却答非所问。
immediately:立即
The explosion, combined with escaping steam, produced an overwhelming noise, deep and thunderous.
爆炸加上漏出的蒸汽产生了压倒性的噪音，如雷鸣般的深沉。
overwhelming:压倒性
British naval power was temporary and regional and not, as in previous wars, overwhelming.
英国的海军力量不再象以前战争中那样压倒性了，它的制海权只是暂时的局限于某些地区。
overwhelming:压倒性
Childish as it is then, I must own I have had great pleasure in watching the approach of the carriage.
就算是孩子气也罢，我得承认我是伟大的喜悦地凝视着马车的到来。
great pleasure:伟大的喜悦
One felt that Murrow finally come into his own in Washington.
人们认为，默罗终于在华盛顿干得来吧进入他的自有了。
come into his own:来吧进入他的自有
We feel in ourselves all the vigour and spirit to keep pace with the universe.
我们觉得自己活力充盈，可与宇宙保持节奏与。
keep pace with:保持节奏与
You must mend your pace if you would reach home by dinner time.
你如果想在吃晚饭前赶到家，就得修补你的节奏。
mend your pace:修补你的节奏
She knew that he had become delirious, and tried to pacify him.
她知道他已经成为恶心起来了，极力想使他镇静下来。
become delirious:成为恶心
The market-place was full of women, the streets packed with men.
商场里妇女包装，街上男人比比皆是。
packed:包装
The narrow street with its modest two-family dwellings and tiny lawns was packed with his followers.
这条狭窄的街上都是两户合住的朴素房屋和小草地，这时已被跟随他的人挤得包装。
packed:包装
Late Monday afternoon, reading the obscure and intricate markings, they identified a launching pad.
星期一傍晚，在判读模糊不清和复杂的记号时，他们认出了一座发射台。
intricate:复杂
Every mile of this road northward from Sianfu evokes memories of the rich and colorful pageant of his people.
在这条从西安府北去的大道上，每走一里路都会勾起他对本民族富人及有色的绚烂历史的回忆。
rich and colorful:富人及有色
The collection of his confession of the night before was a cause of acute pain to him.
他回忆起前天晚上的忏悔，不觉急性痛苦。
acute pain:急性痛苦
When a captain got hold of a pilot of particularly high reputation, he took pains to keep him.
每逢一个船长用到一名名声特别高的掌舵者，他必须接受痛苦把他留住。
took pains:接受痛苦
He didn't resent taking pains to assure the financial security of his family.
为了使他的家庭在经济上有保障而接受痛苦，他对此毫无怨言。
took pains:接受痛苦
He took pains to pare and polish himself down to the pattern of the rest of the world, but he never succeeded.
他煞费苦心地要把自己修饰得能赶上潮流，可是他始终没能成功。
succeeded:成功
His shyness, which was so painful as a defect, filling him with a mild complacency now that it was regarded as an interesting study.
他的腼腆是一种使人他痛苦的缺点，而现在被当成了一个有趣的，值得探讨的问题，这使他的心里充满了淡淡的满足感。
painful:痛苦
On abuse, on reproach, on calumny, it is easy to smile; but painful indeed, is the panegyric of those we contemn.
面对谩骂、非难，中伤而微笑，那是容易的；可是，老实说，要藐视这些颂词却是需要费点儿力气的。
smile:微笑
The Chancellor threw away the results of five years of painstaking effort by the Labour Government in getting down inflation.
财政大臣把工党政府为了减少通货膨胀而辛辛苦苦工作了五年的成果全部投掷离开。
threw away:投掷离开
This kind of painstaking care and zeal has become part of Li's working philosophy.
这种辛勤的认真态度和极端的热忱，已成为李的工作哲学的一个组成部分。
painstaking:辛勤
The other women paint in order to try and look young.
另一种女人油漆，尽量显得年轻些。
paint:油漆
He paints a very black picture of Werner, which may well be distorted.
他把韦尔纳描摹得十分可怕，很可能是有点扭曲。
distorted:扭曲
Compared to me, other wonders of the universe pale into insignificance.
宇宙间的其它奇迹，和我相比，都显得微不足道。
insignificance:微不足道
She lay down and, turning her face to the wall, passed away.
她躺下，把脸转向墙壁，便已通过离开了。
passed away:已通过离开
Highly respected medicine men passed on their knowledge to the school students.
高尊重的医生把他们的知识传授给学生们。
Highly respected:高尊重
Just the same, Tanya's invitation seemed too enticing to pass up.
不管怎样，坦妮亚的这一邀请看来是如此之诱人，可不能过渡高。
pass up:过渡高
We have the power to navigate, to choose direction and make our passage together.
我们可以驾船航行，选择方向，做我们的通道一起。
make our passage together:做我们的通道一起
It seems to us high time that they began to work their passage.
在我们看来，这正是他们工作他们通道的良好时机。
work their passage:工作他们通道
He looked at the passing buildings out of the side window.
他从边窗向外望着过渡的建筑物。
passing:过渡
And yet, looking down at him in a moment that was like a secret, passing sign, her face did tell him.
然而，在她低头看他时的一瞬间---这一瞬间象是个过渡的暗号---她的脸色告诉了他。
passing:过渡
Now there was something to be done, they worked with passion.
现在可有事情做了，他们与激情地干着。
with passion:与激情
The General's in a passion and says he won't have the boy in his house another day.
将军在激情说他要立刻把那孩子赶出家门。
in a passion:在激情
It seems as if I could do anything when I am in a passion.
我在激情时，似乎什么事都干得出来。
in a passion:在激情
The exaggerated folly of the threat, the passionate gesture that accompanied it, the mad melodramatic words made life seem more vivid to her.
这个恐吓似乎傻得厉害，而且他在讲的时候还伴以激烈的手势，还有他这些疯狂的旋律的话，这一切都使她感到生活比以往显得更逼真了。
melodramatic:旋律
Shylock's second passionate assertion of human equality is almost as well known has it deserves to be.
夏洛克第二次关于人类平等所讲的那一套热情的话，得到了应有的广泛流传。
passionate:热情
Then a passionate celibacy is all that any of us can look forward to.
那么，令人看向前到的独身生活，就是我们大家所能乞求的了。
look forward to:看向前到
He could not have explained why, but he wanted her in an urgent, passionate way.
他说不出是什么道理，但是在一个紧急,热情路面地需要她。
in an urgent, passionate way:在一个紧急,热情路面
Her attitude at this sentimental crisis seemed to him unnaturally passive.
在这个感情危机的时刻，她的态度显得异常地消极。
passive:消极
If our government remained passive when stolen documents became media currency, confidence and the ability to negotiate would be undermined.
如果失窃的文件象货币媒介一样四处乱飞，我们的政府还留下的消极，那么在国际谈判中，我们的信心和能力就会受损害。
remained passive:留下的消极
He could not be passive under the idea of her engagement to Mr Casaubon.
想到她居然许嫁给卡苏朋先生，他不能是消极。
be passive:是消极
His intelligence was adequate to his surroundings, and that is a passport, not only to reasonable success, but still more to happiness.
在他自己的那个环境里，他的智慧是适当的的，这不仅是事业成功的敲门砖，而且是生活幸福的保障。
adequate:适当的
That is the wise way to look at these things when once they are past.
这正是过去看待事物的明智办法。
past:过去
Our situation in this respect differs very much from that in New Zealand, which is generally regarded as the world's leading pastoral country.
我们在这方面的情况，与被认为是世界上领导的草场国家新西兰很不相同。
leading:领导
She was now so famous that all the newspaper reporters in London were beating a path to her door.
这时她已经著名的，伦敦所有的新闻记者都纷纷上门采访。
famous:著名的
i had a good sleep and a cold shower, and I'm now feeling positively refreshed.
我睡了一夜，洗了个冷水澡，现在更新。
refreshed:更新
if you can produce fashionable styles of such fine quality, your shoes will win great popularity in our market.
如果那么你们能生产品质这么优良款式有新颖的鞋子，它们在我们市场上将会胜利伟大的流行性。
win great popularity:胜利伟大的流行性
My offer was based on reasonable profit, not on wild speculations.
我的报价以合理利润为依据，不是野生动物投机。
wild speculations:野生动物投机
One of a handful of Chinese ports taken over by Western powers in the wake of the 19th-century Opium Wars, by the 1920s the city was riding high on a great wave of global trade, secure in the knowledge that China was too poor and fractured to evict its foreign squatters, and reveling in the post-World War I joie de vivre.
作为19世纪鸦片战争后被西方列强接管的不多的几个中国港口城市之一，到了20世纪20年代，上海的发展在全球贸易大潮的推动下可谓是骑车高，中国因过于贫弱和四分五裂而难以将外国占领者赶出这片土地的事实让这里变成了安乐窝，上海也陶醉在第一次世界大战后的生之喜悦中。
riding high:骑车高
One of a handful of Chinese ports taken over by Western powers in the wake of the 19th-century Opium Wars, by the 1920s the city was riding high on a great wave of global trade, secure in the knowledge that China was too poor and fractured to evict its foreign squatters, and reveling in the post-World War I joie de vivre.
作为19世纪鸦片战争后被西方列强接管的不多的几个中国港口城市之一，到了20世纪20年代，上海的发展在全球贸易大潮的推动下可谓是春风得意，中国因过于贫弱和破裂而难以将外国占领者赶出这片土地的事实让这里变成了安乐窝，上海也陶醉在第一次世界大战后的生之喜悦中。
fractured:破裂
And while the Chinese Communist Party may stand as a bulwark against the re-emergence of anything-goes revelry in its showcase city, Shanghai is also gradually reclaiming some of its old romance.
尽管中国共产党或许充当着堡垒的角色以防止这座样板城市里任何欢喜之事的重新抬头，但是上海正渐渐地重现着昔日的浪漫光景。
revelry:欢喜
The British and Americans at times had their own zones as well, but even today the French Concession stands out among the formerly foreign-run areas for its narrow tree-lined main streets, picturesque villas and striking Art Deco facades.
英国和美国在有些时候也拥有自己的租界，但是即便是在今天，法租界因为其绿树成荫的窄街、美丽的的别墅和引人注目的装饰艺术派建筑在所有的原租界地区显得独树一帜。
picturesque:美丽的
Committee meetings of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference are normally quite dry affairs, with industry leaders and other civic figures offering bland praise for whatever the central leadership is doing.
政协各专门委员会的会议通常都干，不管中央领导做什么，行业领袖和其他民间人物都一概给予平淡空洞的赞扬。
dry:干
In last year's list, classical and contemporary art sales were more or less evenly matched.
去年的榜单中，古典艺术品和当代艺术品的成交额或多或少均匀相匹配。
evenly matched:均匀相匹配
A growing field of organizations has sprung up to advise people looking to donate, time or money, to help potential donors achieve these steps.
已经有一些组织如发芽高般涌现，为那些希望出力或捐钱的人提供咨询，以帮助潜在的捐赠者实现这两个步骤。
sprung up:发芽高
Such failed efforts are often repeated across the developing world, and some aid workers resent it when Ms .Hogan points them out.
这种失策之举在发展中国家重复越过，而当霍根指出来时，一些援助人员还颇感不快。
repeated across:重复越过
She gets down in the dumps over the failure in the final examination.
她因期终考试不及格而得到倒下在是的垃圾堆填。
gets down in the dumps:得到倒下在是的垃圾堆填
I'm flattered, but I enjoy taking pictures, and I want to continue doing that. Thank you, but I'm happy being a photographer.
我感到夸张，但是我喜爱拍照，我想继续干这一行。很感谢你，可我很高兴当摄影师。
flattered:夸张
The shipping documents can prove that the goods, when shipped, were in perfect condition. They must have been damaged en route.
货运单据表明，货物在装运时是在完美条件的，所以说，货物的受损一定是在途中发生的。
in perfect condition:在完美条件
We think that the court consisting of arbitrators from both sides must be fair and able to handle the dispute without bias or partiality.
我方认为由双方指定的仲裁员组成的仲裁庭必须公正，并且能够没有偏见或偏见地处理争议。
without bias or partiality:没有偏见或偏见
We’d like to offer our service in the sale of your refrigerators.
我们很乐意在销售贵司冰箱方面尽提供
offer:提供
The salesman in our company is well trained and have rich canvassing experience.
我司的销售人员好的训练，有丰富的调研经验
well trained:好的训练
The garments are magnificent and tasteful and have a long enjoyed great fame both at home and abroad.
这些服装华丽、高雅、享受伟大的名声两个在家及在国外，久享盛誉。
enjoyed great fame both at home and abroad:享受伟大的名声两个在家及在国外
The young woman in the drawing sat on her park bench and with twinkling eyes smiled broadly at me.
画中的年轻女子坐在公园长椅上，眼神清亮，与闪烁眼睛微笑地看着我。
with twinkling eyes smiled:与闪烁眼睛微笑
who have made my stay in the United States so wonderful.
是你们使得我在美国的生活如此美妙。
wonderful:美妙
This is a piece of work I can be proud of.
这是我的片子的工作我可以是骄傲的。
a piece of work I can be proud of:片子的工作我可以是骄傲的
And that pyramid in Monterey, right now, because of the efforts of a lot of different people, is functioning better than it's ever functioned for the last 150 years.
目前在蒙特雷这条食物链，在各方人士的努力之下，功能更好比是的永远的健全150年来从未如此。
better than it's ever:更好比是的永远
The first day it was just wild. And then we said,
项目启动的第一天非常野生动物。然后接下来我们决定，
wild:野生动物
Use your mailing lists. People in this room have extraordinary mailing lists.
利用你的邮件列表。在座的各位都有不可思议的邮件列表。
extraordinary:不可思议
that used to go in the cinema get this.
对电影院里这些使用到
used to:使用到
I think we can one-up the Greeks and achieve something.
我认为我们可以比希腊人单一，去实现某些梦想。
one-up:单一
If you give something to a charity or to the public,
如果你捐赠一些东西给慈善机构或者是将之到是的公众
to the public:到是的公众
and the question that keeps us up at night,
还在令我们保持我们高在夜的问题是
keeps us up at night:保持我们高在夜
and why are they so susceptible to these other diseases?
为什么它们在这些其它疾病面前也如此易受感染？
susceptible:易受感染
and lay their own egg there. So they don't do any work.
并在那儿产下自己的卵。 所以它们是别这样做任何工作。
don't do any work:别这样做任何工作
or is it insurance companies that are the problem.
还是保险公司才是是的问题
the problem:是的问题
This is the opposite of what we were built on:
这与我们所建立的价值观刚好是的相反的什么?我们是建造上：
the opposite of what we were built on:是的相反的什么?我们是建造上
people are watching each other and think, "Oh, my God.
人们监视每个其他，心里暗想：“哦，天哪。
watching each other:监视每个其他
Some of them are very well known, like the flowering.
其中一些是非常好的已知的，比如开花。
very well known:非常好的已知
Because I was new to the city, I didn't have access to a stage,
因为新，我找不到舞台落脚
new:新
Again and again biologists are fascinated with the brilliance of what's discovered.
一次又一次让生物学家是迷恋
are fascinated:是迷恋
Men, if you get nothing else out of this talk,
男士们，如果你们谈话时觉得获得没什么别的，
get nothing else:获得没什么别的
the question of those who willingly stand in that intersection
有关那些自愿地站在
willingly:自愿
so they can make their interaction as productive as possible.
让他们的指导意见生产性。
productive:生产性
Instead of, "Neither of us can trust each other, so we have to make suboptimal moves,"
原来是“我们彼此间不信任，所以我们不得不做不优越移动”，
make suboptimal moves:做不优越移动
So I want to tell you a story -- an encouraging story --
我想给大家讲个故事，很鼓励，
encouraging:鼓励
at the service of the weakest, at the service of the children,
服务于是的最弱，服务于儿童，
the weakest:是的最弱
And it's uncanny: there's no way I can explain to you
怪异。 我没办法跟你解释
uncanny:怪异
there's a lot of space, a lot of badlands,
那里有很多空地，很多 bdlnds
badlands:bdlnds
even though that's a circle of nine and that's a circle of 36. It's nuts.
即使这只是9和36的倍数。真是是的坚果。
It's nuts:是的坚果
the famous vampire squid -- elusive, hard to find --
著名的吸血鬼乌贼-- 难以捉摸的，很难找到的--
elusive:难以捉摸
Robert Moog was a generous, kind person, extraordinarily competent engineer.
Robert Moog是一个心胸宽广，温和善良的人；他同时又是一个非常有能力的工程师。
extraordinarily competent:非常有能力
We've got to cut the extraneous out of our lives,
我们得把生活中无关紧要的额外的修剪掉
extraneous:额外的
and what otherwise would have been a short fight to the death.
一个会斗的短战斗到是的死亡的自然里。
a short fight to the death:短战斗到是的死亡
so we don't always get it right, and it takes
我们并不总是获得它右
get it right:获得它右
Patrice and Patee have been out for hours but found nothing.
帕特里斯和帕蒂已经外出几小时了，但是找到没什么。
found nothing:找到没什么
and I was really tasked with setting this up.
我也确实为了这个项目的开展是真的任命。
was really tasked:是真的任命
And lest you think that you all, as the digerati, are more enlightened,
你也许认为，作为数字精英，你们大家更被启蒙，
enlightened:被启蒙
a hint of the Apple menu, up here in the upper left,
一点苹果菜单的暗示，就在这上边左边一点的地方，
a hint:暗示
Twitter is based around a very simple, seemingly trivial concept.
它基于一个非常简单，甚至微不足道的概念。
trivial:微不足道
And she went on to tell me what to write in the sequel.
她去了上地告诉我在续集中要写些什么。
went on:去了上
Now it sounds crazy. But in some places around the world,
这听上去可能有点疯狂。 但是，在世界某个角落，
crazy:疯狂
are also religious, but I think they're deluding themselves.
同时信奉宗教的，但我觉得他们在欺骗。
deluding:欺骗
and at this point I need to acknowledge the remarkable taboo
在这个时候我要指出一个令人瞩目的的禁忌 --
remarkable:令人瞩目的
Why should it be that it's perfectly legitimate to support the Republicans or Democrats,
为什么我们可以合法的的支持民主党或者共和党，
legitimate:合法的
and blinds them to the wonderful real explanations that we have within our grasp.
而看不到我们有内部我们的抓住的美妙的真理。
have within our grasp:有内部我们的抓住
blurted out in the heat of the moment and later retracted.
在兴致所至的时候模糊出去，然后又收回去。
blurted out:模糊出去
My problem with it only is its apparent anthropocentrism.
我对它的唯一问题是它明显的人类中心主义。
apparent:明显
No one can do it for you. You have to do it for yourself.
你不可以做它为你。你一定要自己亲自去做。
do it for you:做它为你
You had to do everything to get your phone.
你得做一切才能安上电话。
do everything:做一切
against all odds have developed businesses, some of them world-class.
他们冲破所有 odds建立起自己的事业，其中一些还是世界级的企业。
all odds:所有 odds
for making information, knowledge and culture, which led to a stark bifurcation
这就导致了资讯生产者和资讯接受者这两个很明显的群体
stark:很明显
it's measurable. But the thing to see is that this actually happens throughout the Web.
但事实上，开源共享在其他领域的应用也已发生
happens:发生
It's creating, and it's most visible when we see it as a new form of competition.
随着这种全新的社会经济现象的形成发展，它也创造出一种新的可见的竞争
visible:可见
So, social production is a real fact, not a fad.
所以，社会化生产是一个实实在在的重要变革，而非淡淡的短暂潮流
a fad:淡淡
a telecoms decision, it's not about something small and technical.
或者某个关于电信通讯的决定，那不再仅仅是个小的技术问题
small:小
Many thought that it was just impossible to make an AIDS vaccine,
很多人都认为研制出艾滋病毒的疫苗简直是不可能。
impossible:不可能
So, it's quite appropriate that this section is called
所以这个区域适当就是
appropriate:适当
They enter the queue, they just zip right out.
它们进入数据队列，然后直接吉普右出去。
zip right out:吉普右出去
And along came the Internet and it swept them out of the way,
随后出现了互联网，它扫除他们出去的是的路面了过去所有的信息流通方式，
swept them out of the way:扫除他们出去的是的路面
I have been blown away by this conference, and I want to thank all of you for the many
这个会议真是让我感到是的吹阿瓦，我还要谢谢你们留下的
been blown awa:是的吹阿瓦
I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but --  --
我知道这对你们来说是很小，但是 --（笑声）--
little:很小
I fell asleep on the plane, until during the middle of the night,
接着我就在飞机上睡着了，直到是的中间的是的夜才醒来，
the middle of the night:是的中间的是的夜
It's an easy, visible target of concern, and it should be,
这应该是我们所忧虑的目标里比较容易和可见的一个了，
visible:可见
Over time, people do what you pay them to do. And if they judge how much
上时间，人们会做你付钱让他们去做的事，而且如果他们断定
Over time:上时间
but again, those of you who are good at branding, I need your help on this.
但又一次一下，如果你们谁对品牌运作方面相当在行的话，我需要你们的帮助。
but again:但又一次
And one of the really most incredible things, I think,
而最让人不可思议的是，
incredible:不可思议
We emptied the ocean of the whales at that time.
我们在那个时候将海里的鲸鱼空洞。
emptied:空洞
We don't know for sure, but there are theories.
我们还别这样知道为肯定，但是有一些相关理论
don't know for sure:别这样知道为肯定
But it won't be easy, because they're not going to look like this.
但这不会的是轻松，因为它们可不像这样
won't be easy:不会的是轻松
If it has, there is no way that any future civilization
若它有，那么任何未来先进文明
it has:它有
What's unexpected about this is that it's soft, but it's also a strong magnet.
不可预料的是，这么柔软的材料，磁性确如此强烈。
unexpected:不可预料
While he was doing this, he noticed an unexpected thing.
他研究这个的时候发现了一件不可预料的东西。
unexpected:不可预料
if there were no dead policemen, it was OK to go.
如果没有警察死亡，那就它是好的到去。
it was OK to go:它是好的到去
weirded out by people who deflect everything away from themselves.
我总觉得那些对成果偏向的人很奇怪
deflect:偏向
but -- you know the nightmare you can have, like you are an impostor,
但是，你知道就像一场噩梦，像个骗子者，
impostor:骗子
Now, lest you think that this is only for the light at heart, or just temporary installations,
好吧，如果你认为这些只适合存心是的光在心的人，或者是临时搭建
the light at heart:是的光在心
using porcupine quills to get this rich detailed effect.
用豪猪刺笔达到最富人的效果。
rich:富人
about the amazing things that are happening in art in India today.
发生在印度现代艺术的各种令人惊奇的事情。
amazing:令人惊奇
and then as a worried member of the human race.
之后作为人类社会中担心的一员
worried:担心
an ouroboros, where you see the micro-world on the left --
一条乌罗波罗的环形衔尾蛇，在左边是微观世界 -
ouroboros:乌罗波罗
mass extinctions and so forth -- is unprecedented, too.
大规模杀伤武器等等 - 也是史无前例的。
unprecedented:史无前例
in many cases were concerned that they should do all they could
一直关切地认为他们应该应该做所有他们可以地
should do all they could:应该做所有他们可以
There's an unthinking tendency to imagine that humans will be there,
人们总是没有思考地认为那时人类还会存在，
unthinking:没有思考
SS: But since I'm advised not to do what I normally do,
Susan：但因为我被告知不能像往常做什么?我通常做，
do what I normally do:做什么?我通常做
historians say the equal of Pearl Harbor or 9/11.
历史学家称它可与珍珠港或9/11事件是的等于
the equal:是的等于
that look very much like fish schools or bird flocks.
与现实中的鱼群和鸟群看非常很多如。
look very much like:看非常很多如
Now, everyone was very excited to try it out.
所有人都兴奋把它建起来。
excited:兴奋
And he also understood that that foundation was crumbling,
他也认识到到这基础破裂。
crumbling:破裂
and I think this picture inspired Chris to insert me
我想定是这幅图让Chris受到启发
inspired:受到启发
And I just want to show you that I'm not just preaching,
顺带一提，我可不是只是宣教的人哦……
just preaching:只是宣教
but that's sort of like filling in somebody else's matrix.
但设计填字游戏让我感觉某人别人的矩阵。
somebody else's matrix:某人别人的矩阵
is looking for creating puzzles that have a memorable impact.
就是设计出让人记住的的游戏来。
memorable:记住的
To pretend they're not a mess when they are a mess.
即便事情混乱也装得井井有条
a mess:混乱
To pretend they're not a mess when they are a mess.
即便事情一团乱麻也装得不混乱
not a mess:不混乱
And they were all alone, and I thought, "This is the secret life of men."
每个人都在是所有独身，我想“这就是男人的秘密生活吧”
were all alone:是所有独身
and then take those two resulting lines and bring them back into the same process, a recursive process.
然后对剩下的两条线段进行同样的操作，递归性。
recursive:递归性
And I thought, "This is fabulous! I wonder why?"
我惊叹道：“这简直太非常棒了！究竟是为什么呢？！”
fabulous:非常棒
so the whole time, he kept shaking his head going,
整个过程中，他始终颤抖他的头，说着
shaking his head:颤抖他的头
with right angles, stiff, made of metal. They have rolling devices
与右角度，僵硬，金属构造。它们装备的是滚动装置
with right angles:与右角度
of how we haven't learned that lesson at all.
证明了我们有多么没有学习那课在所有。
haven't learned that lesson at all:没有学习那课在所有
But we're not using it. It's just sitting there.
它只是坐着在那儿，但我们却不去用它。
just sitting there:只是坐着在那儿
But I think it's very personal and unique that,
但是我认为它个人，具有非常独特的品质，
personal:个人
what if that grammar is nothing more than a self-serving conceit?
如果那个语法只不过是一个自私的幻觉呢？
self-serving:自私
human consciousness -- is really just another set of tools for getting along in the world.
人类意识真的仅仅是和世界获得沿着的另一套工具而已。
getting along:获得沿着
Their complexity, their sophistication, is something to really marvel at,
它们的复杂程度，精密程度，真的令人惊奇在。
marvel at:惊奇在
So the chickens do their kind of little breakdance
所以这些小鸡在那忙的跳破舞，
breakdance:跳破舞
and in the course of just a few weeks, the grass just enters this blaze of growth.
仅仅几周的时间这片草地又焕发了火焰的增长。
blaze of growth:火焰的增长
people sort of migrate to the things that are high priorities.
大家会差不多会优先处理高优先事项的事情。
high priorities:高优先事项
and so we want to all be thinking about it consciously now.
所以现在我们都要有意识地地思考这个问题。
consciously:有意识地
People must choose for themselves, sometimes sticking to their guns,
人们必须为自己选择，有时甚至于粘着到他们枪地
sticking to their guns:粘着到他们枪
Actually, many MIT students stayed up all night long working on this thing,
事实上，现在很多MIT学生依然坚持留下高所有夜长工作去为这个事物工作
stayed up all night long working:留下高所有夜长工作
I could zip through your servers and firewalls like a virus
我可以在你的服务器和防火墙中吉普通过，像个病毒
zip through:吉普通过
that every chair would be a slightly different dimension,
每张椅子的尺寸应该略微不同，
slightly different:略微不同
The intricacies of scale that come out of that --
其中尺度的复杂 --
intricacies:复杂
but within that massing are very different kinds of spaces and forms.
然而在量体之内，空间和形式却不同
different:不同
But I'm not just doing this to be cute.
但我这么说不是为了可爱。
cute:可爱
And people can smell that, and it feeds cynicism.
人们能感觉到这些，这成了冷酷。
cynicism:冷酷
But the behavior of the fly on the left is very different.
但是左边的果蝇，情况就非常不同了
very different:非常不同
This is sort of incredible. But actually it's quite beautiful,
令人不可思议。在照片上，
incredible:不可思议
And this has come onto the stage pretty recently.
而且这件事已来吧上是的舞台佩特。
come onto the stage prett:来吧上是的舞台佩特
that resembles what we've seen in the last century.
能够与上个世纪类似。
resembles:类似
which is an incredible platform for people around the world
这些不可思议的平台为全世界的人们
incredible:不可思议
suggested a very bold and, in some ways, a very bizarre idea.
提出了一个大胆，甚至有些奇怪的猜想。
bizarre:奇怪
and intertwine in a very interesting shape, interesting structure.
缠绕，呈现出一种有趣的的形状，一个有趣的结构
interesting:有趣的
And if you haven't seen it yet, you're dead. Right?
如果你还没看见它就死亡了，对吧。
dead:死亡
It means that I can take these two identical squares,
这意味着我可以将这两个 identicl的正方形，
identical:identicl
We can't. Instead, the brain evolved to see the world
我们不能。相反,的是，大脑进化为看到这个世界
Instead:相反,
And he told me that, "This can be won militarily, minister.
他告诉我,"军事手段可以获胜军事方面，部长。“
won militarily:获胜军事方面
And, needless to say, thank God I wasn't using a thesaurus back then.
无用到说，我当年没用过同义词词典
needless to say:无用到说
we are creating another ill on top of whatever natural struggle they might have.
这对他们本身就很艰难的处境无疑是另一个病上顶部
another ill on top:另一个病上顶部
and would you want to meet that poor, beige person if they existed?
如果真的有那种贫困的、贝格的所谓的“正统人”，你会对他们感兴趣么
beige:贝格
And, of course, the heartbreaking, flip side of this study,
当然，这个案例研究也有其令人心碎的另一面
heartbreaking:令人心碎
This is a Gentoo penguin. And she was still skeptical.
这是一只巴布亚企鹅。但她仍是怀疑。
skeptical:怀疑
than the other things I do, because you get to hike around in the badlands.
它和我所作的其他事不同，因为我会在 bdlnds远足。
badlands:bdlnds
This sound colors our first impression of any room;
这声响让我们对任何一间房的印象都那样首先印象，
first impression:首先印象
the phrase that sticks in many of our minds
在我们脑中棍棒的语句是
sticks:棍棒
And at the risk of sounding grandiose, it is the world's loss.
当然，冒着被指为声音傲慢的风险我想说，更是世界的损失
sounding grandiose:声音傲慢
they're much more likely to let those employees run with their ideas,
他们更倾向于让有主见的雇员去跑与他们想法
run with their ideas:跑与他们想法
and he would weave these intricate tapestries of ancient and humanist thought.
并且他会编织这些复杂的古代和人文主义的思想的挂毯
intricate:复杂
That's when it dawned on me the tremendous challenge
我它黎明上，这极大的挑战
it dawned on:它黎明上
Well now, I know a lot of times we act like ducks,
当然，我知道很多时候我们的行动就像鸭子一样，
act:行动
Basically, he's talking about all the marginalized in society.
基本上他是在关心社会上所有的是的边缘化。
the marginalized:是的边缘化
amber waves of grain, it is mountains of stuff.
不仅是麦浪滚滚，而是山的物料了。
mountains of stuff:山的物料
giants on the planet. He's one of the nicest human
巨人。他是你所见过的人里面
giants:巨人
and I've turned it into a new balance sheet for just a moment here.
我也曾经把它转变成一种新的衡量新平衡纸张的办法。
new balance sheet:新平衡纸张
it's coming across the ocean and has erased our gains here in California.
污染的空气还即将到来的越过是的海洋，抵消了我们在加利福尼亚州获得的收益。
coming across the ocean:即将到来的越过是的海洋
and I got a lot of excitement around this,
第一次飞行令我有很多的兴奋
got a lot of excitement:有很多的兴奋
they will be an ultimate backup if it comes to that.
那将是最后的选择，到最后的备份的时候才用。
ultimate backup:最后的备份
Well, a little unknown secret is his brother actually works on the Virtual Earth team.
好, 一个未知的秘密是他的哥哥,其实在虚拟地球研发团队工作.
unknown:未知
that I hope will resonate with other things you've already heard,
希望它和你们已经听到过的一些事物产生共振
resonate:产生共振
This, I think, is so deeply embedded in the water supply
我觉得，这个观念就像掺进了我们的自来水里那样深深地嵌入
deeply embedded:深深地嵌入
We now have an almost unlimited variety of phones,
如今我们几乎有无限的电话品种，
unlimited:无限
And we get to re-invent ourselves as often as we like.
这样我们就可以如我们如地的重新塑造自己的性别身份。
as we like:如我们如
it's so damn hard to decide which fund to choose
想要决定选那种那简直是那么妈的!很困难
so damn hard:那么妈的!很困难
that make you less satisfied with the alternative that you've chosen.
这就使得你总是对你选中了的那个觉得少满意。
less satisfied:少满意
these expensive and difficult-to-install child seats don't help. It's a waste of money.
昂贵而又难以操作的婴儿汽车座椅别这样帮助，只是在浪费钱。
don't help:别这样帮助
Impoverished imagination, a myopic view of the world --
毫无想象力，隐形看-
a myopic view:隐形看
They got on a boat, and yet another divergence --
他们上了一条船，又一次的差异
divergence:差异
There was this big sort of bumpy-looking virus on the cover,
书的封面是一张表面看起来很笨拙的病毒的图片
bumpy-looking:看起来很笨拙
And from then on, since I was now in this huge exciting world,
从那时起，既然我进入了这个令人兴奋的世界
exciting:令人兴奋
and I'd heard of them as the panacea of the future --
是未来的是的万能药——
the panacea:是的万能药
These cells are so versatile, these cancer cells are so versatile --
这些细胞是如此多用途，这些癌细胞是如此多用途 -
versatile:多用途
I figured if there's anywhere to present far-fetched ideas, it's here at TED, so
如果存在一个可以表达这些荒谬的想法的地方, 那么它就在这里, TED
far-fetched ideas:荒谬的想法
And the house that I had spent time in was empty.
空。
empty:空
They were yelling at him, they were -- it got to be really ugly.
因为他们冲着他喊叫，场面很难看。
yelling:喊叫
Here I was again, trying to figure out what to do.
我又一次试着到图形出去的想该怎么办
trying to figure out:试着到图形出去
or why, since they can so easily visit Asia and Africa
他们为何能够那么很容易地来到亚洲和非洲
so easily:那么很容易
it gave men control over nature in a way that had not been possible before.
让人们用有不是的可能的之前的方式掌控自然
had not been possible before:有不是的可能的之前
The Americans think that the European model is going to crumble tomorrow.
美国人担心欧洲模式明天就要破裂
crumble:破裂
-- of reaction, being told you have a fatal illness:
当你被告知有致命疾病的时候的的反应是，
have a fatal illness:有致命疾病
in their local area who share their interests and affinities
分享他们利益及亲属关系的人。
share their interests and affinities:分享他们利益及亲属关系
using a lot of these tools. And doubtless the intelligence communities of the world
毫无疑问地，对于上周的袭击，全球的情报部门
doubtless:毫无疑问
we're finally getting to the point where we actually are tipping over
终于到取得获得到是的点哪里我们事实上是倾斜以上的时候了，
getting to the point where we actually are tipping over:获得到是的点哪里我们事实上是倾斜以上
Now, this might look kind of trivial, but it's actually very important
好的，这看起来微不足道但是其是非常重要，
trivial:微不足道
We came up with something -- the Ten Commandments: Thou shalt not kill.
于是摩西十诫来了高与某事：你不能杀人。
came up with something:来了高与某事
not doing everything they can do but largely doing only what is legal.
什么是合法的行为，从而防止人们很大程度上做。
largely doing:很大程度上做
And if you apply the notion of insurance more broadly,
如果你把保险的概念适用是的概念的保险更多广泛地，
apply the notion of insurance more broadly:适用是的概念的保险更多广泛地
Is it bigger than the biggest bacterium? We don't know.
亦或是比最大的细菌还大？我们别这样知道
We don't know:我们别这样知道
It's a very simple trick, and I never fail to do it
这是个非常简单的戏法，令我永远失败到做它
never fail to do it:永远失败到做它
And he goes to great lengths to protect the olive oil from oxygen and light.
而且到伟大的长度将其真空避光保存。
to great lengths:到伟大的长度
There were some people who were a little less impressed.
有人少令人印象深刻
less impressed:少令人印象深刻
the wine experience of my lifetime, and incredibly memorable.
我一生都会令人难以置信记住的。
incredibly memorable:令人难以置信记住的
We all tend to think that these systems are quite different,
我们通常认为这些系统各自非常不同，
quite different:非常不同
But it also had to do with something rather unusual,
但同时，另一个更像是不寻常的原因
rather unusual:更像是不寻常
So, the approach that we took was the other way around.
所以，我们采用了另外的方法来是是的其他路面四周。
was the other way around:是是的其他路面四周
even if the problem is pernicious and as intractable as racism.
即使这个问题带有有害的伤害，即使它像种族问题一样难处理。
pernicious:有害
She said, "I think you can do anything you want to do."
她说：“我确信你是可以做任何事情你希望到做的。”
can do anything you want to do:可以做任何事情你希望到做
But somehow we can insulate ourselves from this problem.
但是不知怎么地我们就能忽视死刑的问题
somehow:不知怎么
And I was up too late one night and I starting thinking,
一天晚上我高也迟到一个夜，不止地想
up too late one night:高也迟到一个夜
But let's face it -- there's a lot of bunk,
但是，承认吧！确实有太多卧室了。
bunk:卧室
They persisted. And Nathan went directly to the community.
他们坚持。Nathan更深入到社区中，
persisted:坚持
And they're still with us, and you haven't solved them,
这些问题现在依然存在，没有已解决
haven't solved:没有已解决
when my wife has divorced me, my health is failing,
当妻子已弃我而去，当我的身体是失败，
is failing:是失败
but now residents had neither work nor home to walk to.
但是现在人们既没有工作，也也家到散步到
nor home to walk to:也家到散步到
A national highway construction boom was added to our problems.
一个全国公路建设热给我们是增加到我们的问题
was added to our problems:是增加到我们的问题
There's nothing for the grandkid if you don't save up.
如果现在不保护环境 我们的子孙将有没什么
There's nothing:有没什么
and we will be left with nothing but empty space.
除了一个真空宇宙我们将是左与没什么
be left with nothing:是左与没什么
we have to whip ourselves into this imminent threat thing.
我们都会为自己制造一种即将到来的的巨大威胁
imminent:即将到来的
Liberia had been torn apart by civil strife for decades.
利比里亚长期被内乱弄得是的撕裂分开。
been torn apart:是的撕裂分开
that these figures only tell part of the story.
这些数字仅告诉我们事实的部分的
part of:部分的
who, when he participated in battle, victory was assured,
故事里伟大的英雄阿奇里斯，一旦他来指挥坐阵，必定胜利是确信
victory was assured:胜利是确信
you'll see them smile; they know what it is.
不信的话看看你周围的印度朋友，他们都心照不宣地笑了，他们知道什么?它是呢
know what it is:知道什么?它是
he does not have to cut out his emotions,
因为他已经领悟了，他知道成功不等于要成为切断出去他的感情的专业人士
cut out his emotions:切断出去他的感情
But the thing that T-Mobile did that nobody's done before
但是T-Mobile做了一件没有人已完成之前的事
nobody's done before:没有人已完成之前
This is amazing. In the wake of all this,
这太棒了。但是这些变化最令人惊奇的是
amazing:令人惊奇
I'm just going back and forth; I'm not getting anywhere.
我只是去背面及例如:，最后还是没结果
going back and forth:去背面及例如:
that involved Sudhir living in the housing project on and off for 10 years:
Sudhir在那幢房子里上及取消住了十年：
on and off:上及取消
having the police break into his apartment and steal his computer disks --
也遇到过警察打断进入他的公寓偷走他的光盘--
break into his apartment:打断进入他的公寓
Now, it's amazing, but the top level of the gang,
令人惊奇的是，在这个黑帮的最高级，
amazing:令人惊奇
It used to be the gang was a rite of passage.
确实黑帮曾经是写信的通道。
was a rite of passage:是写信的通道
? So now I contentedly live upon eels, ?
所以我现在满意地地以鳗鱼为生
contentedly:满意地
than there is number ones, it makes perfect sense
远远比首要项目多，使完美感觉地
makes perfect sense:使完美感觉
and it's getting unbelievable traction right now in Germany.
正在德国引起难以置信的反响
unbelievable:难以置信
which can either paralyze you and make you loathe him
这些规则让我们瘫痪并且在接下来的时间里恨他,
paralyze:瘫痪
which is the town they came from, and, "Sorry, the rest unknown, thank you."
说他们来自于同一个镇子, 然后是抱歉, 未知, 谢谢.
unknown:未知
in terms of my education and so forth, were heaped upon me.
像我该受的教育等等，是沉重的上我而来。
were heaped upon me:是沉重的上我
it doesn't have any idea what it looks like,
它完全给不是有任何想法，不晓得自己的相貌
doesn't have any idea:不是有任何想法
The cube can swivel, or flip on its side,
它们能旋转，或者翻转上它的侧面
flip on its side:翻转上它的侧面
So it turns out that shutting down the airports is counterproductive.
关闭机场看起来是反作用。
counterproductive:反作用
it took such a toll among the healthcare workers
医护人员收费，
a toll:收费
are not just insignificant bits of green up high in the canopy
并不仅仅是微不足道的的一点林冠高处的绿色
insignificant:微不足道
What I do is I bring together scientists and artists of all kinds,
我所做的就是把科学家和各类艺术家带来一起
bring together:带来一起
This is the first of two rather extraordinary photographs I'm going to show you today.
这是我今天要给大家展示的两张不可思议的图片中的第一张
extraordinary:不可思议
all these big, hard, elaborate corals and lots of bright, colorful fishes and things.
所有这些巨大、坚硬、精巧的珊瑚，还有大量有色的鱼类以及其他
colorful:有色
But, this is really just the tip of the iceberg.
但，这仅仅是是的尖端的是的冰山
the tip of the iceberg:是的尖端的是的冰山
So, the bottom line is that almost all research using submersibles
是的底部线，几乎所有利用潜水器的研究
the bottom line:是的底部线
The oxygen is bound by metabolism, we use it for energy.
氧气是我们获取能量所必需的，与新陈代谢是束缚
is bound:是束缚
It happens because there's too much concentration of oxygen in your body.
它发生就是体内过高的氧气浓度
It happens:它发生
That's kind of what it feels like. It's pretty amazing.
这有点像那种感觉，令人惊奇
amazing:令人惊奇
and it's very intimidating, and I think it gives the wrong impression about sharks.
令人吓人的，我想，这给出的对鲨鱼错误的印象
intimidating:吓人的
As a fish nerd, I have to laugh, because you know they don't call us fish nerds for nothing --
作为一名鱼痴，我应该高兴，因为他们不会为没什么地这样叫
for nothing:为没什么
we actually do get excited about finding a new dorsal spine in a guppy.
我们确实会因为在孔雀鱼的背鳍上发现一根新刺而获得兴奋
get excited:获得兴奋
At the beginning I told you that I was going to show you two extraordinary photographs.
一开始的时候我说过将给你们展示两张不可思议的图片
extraordinary:不可思议
So instead of doing the talking head thing, instead it's composed of scenes,
所以，不同于以往那种做是的说话头事情的纪录片，它由生活的一幕幕组成，
doing the talking head thing:做是的说话头事情
They play off each other in a wonderful way.
但他们玩取消每个其他，非常完美。
play off each other:玩取消每个其他
"I just met this man: doesn't have much work,
”我刚刚遇到一个人，看起来不是有很多工作，
doesn't have much work:不是有很多工作
of billions of years of evolutionary plotting and planning.
所进化的最终产物。
evolutionary:进化
a visionary president stood on the steps of the U.S. Capitol
一位具有远见者的总统踏入美国国会
visionary:远见者
And protect another million jobs now at risk, mainly in auto-making.
并能保住另外100万个在风险的岗位，这些岗位主要集中在汽车制造业。
at risk:在风险
And these policies work fine without taxes, subsidies or mandates.
这些政策工作好的，无税收，补贴和指令干涉。
work fine:工作好的
Whereas if we made them heavy, they'd be both hostile and inefficient.
如果我们把车造的很沉，只会敌对，效率降低。
hostile:敌对
a little bit about a design of your basic, uncompromised,
一款你必不可少，不妥协的，
uncompromised:不妥协
There are smart ways to buy them and to aggregate that purchasing power
购买新型车是一个聪明方法，不仅能提高购买力
smart ways:聪明方法
after two years, we pulled together some survey data from another 10,000 children,
两年之后，我们拖拉一起从另外一万个孩子那里获得一些调查数据，
pulled together:拖拉一起
I wanted to show you the ways, innocuous as they seem,
我想展示给你们一些途径，看起来无害，
innocuous:无害
So I'm a doctor, but I kind of slipped sideways into research,
我是名医生，又滑落侧面做研究
slipped sideways:滑落侧面
So we'll start with the absolute weakest form of evidence known to man,
首先是最绝对最弱的证据来源
absolute weakest:绝对最弱
The placebo effect is one of the most fascinating things in the whole of medicine.
安慰效应是医学上最引人注目的玩意之一
fascinating:引人注目
They don't know anything about him, but you do.
他们对他别这样知道任何事情，但你知道
don't know anything:别这样知道任何事情
till they teach them how to say, "Sir, yes, sir,"
让他们只会教授他们如何到说
teach them how to say:教授他们如何到说
says, "Ah, this is some little, tiny church in the middle of nowhere."
只会说：“这是个荒唐很小的小小教堂”
little:很小
Now you can see some of the reasons why I'm optimistic.
现在你可以理解我为什么对此乐观.
optimistic:乐观
The great majority of organisms on Earth remain unknown to science.
科学家对于地球上大多数的有机体都是未知的
unknown:未知
contains approximately four million species of bacteria, all unknown.
就包含了近四百万种的细菌，并且我们对这些细菌未知
unknown:未知
and unfortunately we are destroying them with ingenuity and ceaseless energy.
可悲的是，我们罔若无知，无休止的继续这样的行为
ceaseless:无休止
We are, in short, flying blind into our environmental future.
在短，我们就像盲人一样去迎接这样的未来环境
in short:在短
In "Upwake" buildings wear suits, Zero tap dances on a giant keyboard,
在”觉醒“中大厦穿着衬衫，Zero在一个巨大的键盘上舞蹈。
dances:舞蹈
It's as lavish and intricate as it is simple and minimal.
它奢侈及复杂而又简约朴实。
lavish and intricate:奢侈及复杂
be lifted and transported in moments of pure joy.
在纯粹的喜悦中感到振奋，纯净喜悦。
pure joy:纯净喜悦
because historically, the whole pig would be used up until the last bit
由于在过去，人们会让猪的直到是的最后比特各个部分都派上用场，
until the last bit:直到是的最后比特
you try to get people who are not related
这样就让是不相关的人们
are not related:是不相关
I had left ABC news and a career I loved at the age of 30
当时我离开了ABC新闻台，离开了我热爱的事业，我当时正值在是的年龄的30
at the age of 30:在是的年龄的30
during years in which they couldn't even be on their streets.
不惧危险 是上他们街道。
be on their streets:是上他们街道
This topic of resilience is very personal to me
对耐性这一主题我有切身体会
resilience:耐性
that he had seen that were all over his yard and making a big mess.
乌鸦们把他的院子搞得制造大混乱。
making a big mess:制造大混乱
what is your considered opinion of the human species?'
您对人类的意见又是什么呢？”
opinion:意见
Everything I do is word for word off a tape.
我做的事情就是词语为词语取消胶带的录下来。
word for word off a tape:词语为词语取消胶带
and he got angry with Myesha, and he started beating her,
他对Myesha有生气，开始痛打她，
got angry:有生气
are completely left out of this society and we are nothing.
完全的被这个社会抛弃，我们什么都不是。
completely:完全
is just in case I really feel like I have to cuddle up
就是万一我感到蜷拥抱高睡
cuddle up:拥抱高
I kept my kidney, so I don't think I'm a born loser.
（不过）我保留我的肾脏，所以我不认为自己是个天生的输家。
kept my kidney:保留我的肾脏
I mean, confidence is kind of like being cocky, but in a good way.
我是说，自信就好比变的是傲慢，不过是好的方面。
being cocky:是傲慢
I'll get an ESL class in Chinatown learning "It's Raining, It's Pouring."
我会记下中国城的一堂非母语英语课程，能听到”下雨了，是的注水。“
It's Pouring:是的注水
She said, "No. Honestly when I get home I'm usually too tired."
她答道“不，老实讲，我每次到家的时候就已经也疲倦了。”
too tired:也疲倦
So they came up with this plan, this five-point stimulation plan
然后一个方案来了高与，为的是把
came up with:来了高与
Shy but ambitious pig farmers, however, can purchase a -- this is true --
但是有点害羞但有野心的的农民呢，可以买这个，这可是真的
ambitious:野心的
The sow doesn't look to be in the throes of ecstasy."
这些母猪看起来不是很在是的喉咙的欣喜啊。“
in the throes of ecstasy:在是的喉咙的欣喜
We are only happy when things are in order.
一切是在命令的时候我们才会快乐
are in order:是在命令
You can see now, that's a good example: even behaving in an orderly, systematic way
诚如所见﹐这就是个很好的例子﹕就算大家都行为在一个有秩序地,系统性路面
behaving in an orderly, systematic way:行为在一个有秩序地,系统性路面
But I think it could still benefit from more discipline.
但我仍然觉得他可以再更纪律一点
discipline:纪律
that allowed the robots to make more realistic facial expressions
让机器人做出 现实主义的脸部表情，
realistic:现实主义
And unfortunately when I first received the answers --
不幸的是的是当我收到答案---
unfortunately:不幸的是
And just imagine the sense of wonder in a baby
试想从婴儿是的感觉的惊奇的视角来看
the sense of wonder:是的感觉的惊奇
Now this may sound arrogant, or even full of hubris.
也许这听上去有些傲慢，甚至完全的傲慢
full of hubris:完全的傲慢
and in a world that might be dependent more than ever before
在一个更多比永远之前地
more than ever before:更多比永远之前
What I'm going to talk to you about tonight is stuff we might do if we did nothing.
今晚我打算和大家说的是如果我们过去是的没什么现在还能做什么。
did nothing:是的没什么
Oh, yes, I think it's bad. I've spent my whole life working to stop it.
当然我本人认为气候变化很糟，所以我花全生命来阻止情况继续恶化。
whole life:全生命
And that got me thinking. I've worked on this topic on and off,
那篇文章让我思考——我上及取消研究过这个话题，
on and off:上及取消
Now, I don't think that's going to happen. It's not very likely.
我认为这不非常很有可能发生。
not very likely:不非常很有可能
I'll give you two different ways to think about this problem that are the beginning
我来给予地讲两种思考这个问题的方法
give:给予
And maybe someday -- like 2075, October 23 --
或许有一天——打个比方，2075年10月23日——
someday:有一天
It's a very violent process that is little known.
这是一个很小已知的、非常残忍的过程。
little known:很小已知
I investigate photography's ability to blur truth and fiction,
我调查了摄影模糊真话及虚构的能力，
blur truth and fiction:模糊真话及虚构
some of the people brought to trial were brought to trial
一些罪犯被带来到试
brought to trial:带来到试
available in a perfect memory store at your fingertips,
就存储在一个完美的你在你的指尖的记忆库
at your fingertips:在你的指尖
By the middle of the 19th century, it's in full flower.
19世纪中期，这些在完全花朵。
full flower:完全花朵
thinking he'd impress his boss -- that's how we taught him to do it.
想着他能令老板使人印象深刻 - 这是我们教他的。
impress:使人印象深刻
And we get sucked into that faster than anything.
我们在这个事情上获得吸食的速度比在任何其他事上都要快。
get sucked:获得吸食
they're all crushed, but there is still a pulse.
我已经被粉碎，但仍有脉搏
crushed:被粉碎
I want you to imagine that you are an eternal alien
你想像自己是个n永恒外星人
n eternal alien:n永恒外星人
she had been laid to rest in her hometown of Phoenix.
她已在家乡凤凰城是的铺设到休息
been laid to rest:是的铺设到休息
and they are on par with the chimpanzee there.
结果教授们和黑猩猩是上帕尔
are on par:是上帕尔
where we have long lives and small family, and we have a completely new world.
大家都有了长寿命和小家庭，而世界也完全新了
completely new:完全新
is very, very different, and the countries are moving more or less
虽然各国的经济和健康 发展的轨迹更多或少
more or less:更多或少
Rosalind Franklin, came up and sort of laughed at our model.
过来看过我们的模型后，对它有点笑在。
laughed at:笑在
And I read it, and it was just -- it was crap.
我读完了之后就觉得他根本是在它是垃圾。
it was crap:它是垃圾
she didn't know any organic chemistry or quantum chemistry.
有机化学、量子化学她都是没有知道。
didn't know:没有知道
It didn't yield. It didn't give good x-ray photographs.
但却是没有屈服。RNA的X光照片毫无价值。
didn't yield:没有屈服
But there is what we did when we didn't know
当我们没有知道的时候，我们所能做的
didn't know:没有知道
And, boom, we've, you know, had a biotech industry. And,
整个生物工程产业也是随之爆炸。
boom:爆炸
But all the places we get stuck in really have great views.
但是所有我们陷入困境的地方确实都会有令人获得被困的景象。
get stuck:获得被困
in order to deliver those predictions are so mysterious
看起来是如此的神秘，
mysterious:神秘
"Tell me," he asked a friend, "why do people always say, it was natural
“告诉我，”他问一个朋友，“为什么人们总是会自然地认为
natural:自然
was confounded by his continual failure to walk through the wall.
被接二连三的穿墙失败搞得失败。
failure:失败
or like millions of deluded people with the universe as a whole.
数百万的想要天人合一的家伙。
millions of:数百万的
Or are our brains so versatile and expandable that we can
或者是否我们的大脑足够多用途并具有无穷的潜力以至于
versatile:多用途
is that this guy is just a cliche machine.
这家伙只会讲俗语
cliche:俗语
and turn it into a story about repurposing technology,
并且将这个重新利用的故事写出来
repurposing:重新利用
kind of saw a market opportunity and took over.
发现了一个市场机遇，就接受以上了。
took over:接受以上
which makes me a freak, but very productive, and --
别人觉得我很古怪，但这使得我工作生产性～
productive:生产性
it had to do with not quite poverty but close.
虽然不是贫穷，也差不多。
poverty:贫穷
All the senior staff got together, and I later found out what happened.
所有的高级专家有一起，后来我才知道。
got together:有一起
because he was very well thought of in that place.
因为他是个好的思索的人。
well thought:好的思索
Why have I chosen, after never, ever talking about this, to talk about it now?
为何我以前选择永远,永远说话这个,而现在却谈论它?
never, ever talking:永远,永远说话
Accidents happen. Something from childhood comes back to haunt you.
意外事故发生。童年记忆可能回来纠缠你，
Accidents happen:意外事故发生
who, every 500 years, resurrects itself from its own ashes
每500年，它会从自己的灰烬中复活
resurrects:复活
This material actually has some traits that make it seem almost too good to be true.
实际上这材料有些特性让它好的令人也好的到是真
too good to be true:也好的到是真
She yelled at me like she never had before.
她永远有之前地大声责备我
never had before:永远有之前
and when he talks about it, it's fascinating --
他把那东西说得引人注目
fascinating:引人注目
could not manage to bleach an ink, called "indelible,"
也无法去除一种“不可消灭”的墨迹
indelible:不可消灭
Now, of course, the man was very impressed with this young man of 17
这下 那个人当然对这个17岁的年轻人令人印象深刻
impressed:令人印象深刻
He told himself it was necessary to make them from scratch.
他告诉自己一切要做他们从划痕
make them from scratch:做他们从划痕
to witness or submit to injustice without doing anything.
对非正义行为没有做任何事情
without doing anything:没有做任何事情
This is the living conditions on the planet over the last 100,000 years.
这是一个持续了十万年的生活的星球。
living:生活
gathered and asked a question for the first time,
收集的，第一次问了一个问题，
gathered:收集的
But it shows that we are interconnected, among many systems on the planet,
但是，它告诉了我们，我们是同这个星球上众多的生态系统互联的，
interconnected:互联
looks like all the craziest things that I had done, all my drinking, all my parties --
就好像我以前干过的那些疯狂的事儿，那些饮酒，那些狂欢派对——
drinking:饮酒
A quick sampling really can barely scratch the surface,
快速的举个例子真的只能够划痕是的表面
scratch the surface:划痕是的表面
That's enough right there to start to build a compelling chronicle
那才是打造一个引人注目的编年史的正确的开始
compelling:引人注目
to handle the biggest crisis our civilization has ever faced.
来共同解决我们文明社会所面临的是的最大的永远的危机
the biggest ever:是的最大的永远
We can save the planet, but we can't do it alone -- we need each other.
我们能够拯救星球，但是我们不能做它独身的解决——我们互为需要
do it alone:做它独身
things are always harder than you think they're going to be.
当然，更难比你想他们是去到是。
harder than you think they're going to be:更难比你想他们是去到是
UNICEF came forward and said, "We'll buy most of the nets,
这时联合国儿童基金会来了向前说：“我们将购买大部分
came forward:来了向前
They wanted it messy, and we were happy to oblige.
第五，场面杂乱，这我们也非常乐意效劳。
messy:杂乱
They wanted it messy, and we were happy to oblige.
第五，场面乱成一团，这我们也非常快乐到责备。
happy to oblige:快乐到责备
Okay, so now the start to finish timing has to be perfect.
好，这样从开始到结束的时间就要时间安排有到是完美。
timing has to be perfect:时间安排有到是完美
? You know you can't keep letting it get you down ?
?你知道你不该一直保持租借它获得你倒下?
keep letting it get you down:保持租借它获得你倒下
? If there ain't all that much to lug around ?
?如果没有什么让你拉格四周?
lug around:拉格四周
? No, you can't keep letting it get you down ?
?不，你不该一直保持租借它获得你倒下?
keep letting it get you down:保持租借它获得你倒下
Where it goes in the future is questioned. So that's the human part.
我们要问的是它将哪里它去在是的未来。这是关于人类的部分。
Where it goes in the future:哪里它去在是的未来
are in charge of life on earth; we're like the capricious Gods
要对地球的生命负责，我们像希腊神话中 cpricious的众神
capricious:cpricious
somehow trying to unleash kids from the straightjacket of school,
试着把孩子从学校的束缚中解开
unleash:解开
But I want to make just two points. One is, you think it's frivolous;
但是我想说就两点。一个是，你觉得它愚蠢；
frivolous:愚蠢
And yet, she was feeding three little baby Tasmanian devils
然而它还得喂养袋里三个很小的
little:很小
there's this old wooden, weather-worn table, kitchen table --
有一张老的旧木头桌子，餐桌 --
old:老
but I had been doing intermittent sojourns to India
我在印度间歇性地逗留
intermittent:间歇性
and learn the feeling of learning through their bodies.
通过他们身体的投入学习
through their bodies:通过他们身体
with clouds that are big puffs of cotton we push around
被我们推四周的这些蓬蓬棉花球是云朵
push around:推四周
This is a toy which is made from paper. It's amazing.
这是一个纸制的玩具，叫人令人惊奇。
amazing:令人惊奇
And what we found is that we got into a positive cycle
我们也发现到这带动起肯定循环
positive cycle:肯定循环
You can also just sort of give vague input
你可以只是输入模糊的话语
vague:模糊
has moved from a state of anxiety to action.
即消费者正从过去焦虑的状态向付诸行动逐渐发生转变。
anxiety:焦虑
and you have consumer confidence that's basically a ticking time-bomb.
另外，你还拥有消费者信心，而它基本就是一个拍拍的定时炸弹。
ticking:拍拍
supersized everything, we bought remedies for restless leg syndrome.
一切超大型的东西；我们似乎得了不耐烦腿综合症并为之买单。
restless leg:不耐烦腿
And what I mean by that is that we can move from mindless consumption
我的意思是，我们可以从无知的消费
mindless:无知
Think twice before you have that bottle of wine.
想两次之前你有那瓶子的酒
Think twice before you have that bottle of wine:想两次之前你有那瓶子的酒
that it's about being sustainable and taking care of yourself.
原则就是关于持续发展和采纳照顾的自己。
taking care of yourself:采纳照顾的自己
offer transparency, promise you're going to be there beyond today's sale.
提供透明度,承诺是在那儿超越今天的出售。
be there beyond today's sale:是在那儿超越今天的出售
The Sufis say, "Knowledge that takes you not beyond yourself
苏非书上说，“知识那接受你不超越自己
Knowledge that takes you not beyond yourself:知识那接受你不超越自己
we kept emphasizing the laws of physics are universal.
我们一直强调物理学的定理是普遍性的。
universal:普遍性
we're talking about serendipity there -- from Alexander Fleming:
出自于亚历山大·弗莱明，我们讲的是巧合。
serendipity:巧合
The first story is I didn't have any money -- that's a sign I used a lot.
第一个故事是说我没有有任何钱，这是我经常用的一个手势。
didn't have any money:没有有任何钱
and they really wanted to help me along the way.
他们很想在这方面助我帮助我沿着是的路面。
help me along the way:帮助我沿着是的路面
Because when I started, it seemed very appropriate to me
因为我刚开始这么做的时候，这一切看起来都是适当的，
appropriate:适当
Quite nice in itself, they're little, sort of, airplane things.
他们看起来十分可爱，又很小，类似于飞机上的免费用品
little:很小
looking for those tiny things that may or may not work,
它们尽管微小，但却有可能带来大的改变
tiny:微小
and were doing things to make their lives and their family's lives better.
这些企业家做一些事情，努力地工作为了让他们和他们家人有更好的生活
doing things:做一些事情
It was an amazing sort of insight for me.
这对我来说是一个令人惊奇的见解
amazing:令人惊奇
So I saw that and it was very humbling.
我看到了这一点，我感到那是很谦卑的
humbling:谦卑
they were paid, and their businesses, in fact, grew,
同时他们的事业也生长
grew:生长
and works very, very hard to make their life better.
工作努力，生活更好
better:更好
So one is that, of course, as we all might expect,
其中一个是，当然，期望
expect:期望
Why would they appear only to cranks and weirdoes?
它们干吗要单向那些怪人的人现身呢?
weirdoes:怪人
And there he is, his droopy little eyes up here.
看它，看它那双沉闷的眼睛。
droopy:沉闷
teaches us today that we diverged sometime around seven million years ago
告诉我们大概在7百万年前，人类和猩猩分离，
diverged:分离
This does not mean that it's the final solution,
这并非意味着问题得到了最后解决
final solution:最后解决
who have rarely seen places beyond their own toes,
这些几乎很少已见一些地方超越他们自有脚趾的人
rarely seen places beyond their own toes:很少已见一些地方超越他们自有脚趾
if you do it for love, the money comes anyway.
如果你是为了爱而做的，钱不管怎样就来了。
anyway:不管怎样
The team from Taiwan was a little bit more ambitious.
来自台湾得团队更野心的
ambitious:野心的
So, a Spanish woman who was dying of T.B. had a donor trachea,
一个因为肺结核而是死亡西班牙妇女获得了一个捐赠的气管，
was dying:是死亡
For many years this went along, and everything was fine.
接下来很多很多年大家都这么做了，看起来一切是好的。
everything was fine:一切是好的
"This is a terrible thing, because how can the cheap and easy thing
“ 这真是可怕！这个便宜简单的方法
terrible:可怕
that kid in back is going to do very well when you get in a crash.
坐在后排的（只用了安全带的假）孩子做非常好的。
do very well:做非常好的
that economists think would be the right thing to do,
对于经济学家来说是是的右事情到做的，
the right thing to do:是的右事情到做
that you have to rig up to it in this daisy chain."
就给孩子用这个戴西的装置。”
daisy:戴西
just this abundance of things that are right before us,
这些丰富的东西，就在我们眼前，
abundance:丰富
so that our environment -- kind of in that ubiquitous computing sense --
这机器会到处都有地运算，
ubiquitous:到处都有
as something that was going to be a disembodied,
将会是解体的，
disembodied:解体
in terms of filling your entire environment, and we will be in the middle of it.
充斥四周，我们在是的中间的它。
in the middle of it:在是的中间的它
And the metaphor is clear: you go into the mountain as an individual,
寓意很明显：你一个个人如山，
an individual:一个个人
They'll either discover their long-lost cousin in the other corner of the room
他们会突然在屋子另一角发现了长期丢失的表亲
long-lost:长期丢失
because something great and wonderful, or awesome, might be about to happen.
因为一个伟大的及太棒了,或惊人的事情要发生了
great and wonderful, or awesome:伟大的及太棒了,或惊人
you can imagine, it made rather a splash in the press --
可以想象 这在媒体中引起闪烁--
a splash:闪烁
that that's unlikely, because of the presumption of innocence.
这是不太可能的 因为我们以无罪为前提
unlikely:不太可能
We can cope with the subtleties of language brilliantly --
我们可以很好地解决语言的细微
subtleties:细微
And this is really unheard of stuff, and this is all because of this technology.
这不听见，这是人工耳蜗技术的功劳。
unheard:不听见
then -- whooosh -- you know, an avalanche would come
然后，哈！你知道的，雪崩之势就会从天而降
avalanche:雪崩
then -- whooosh -- you know, an avalanche would come
然后，哈！你知道的，排山倒海之势就会会来吧
would come:会来吧
sort of take it straight on. And they follow the most obvious solution.
有点太接受它直线上了。然后他们会立刻采用最明显的解决方式。
take it straight on:接受它直线上
you could do an Olympic sprint for 15 minutes without taking a breath.
你将可以没有采纳呼吸完成15分钟的奥林匹克冲刺。
without taking a breath:没有采纳呼吸
but they're not as futuristic as it may sound.
但是他们并没有那么未来主义。
futuristic:未来主义
that they're coming here to save us and rescue us from on high.
它们将会从上高来拯救我们
from on high:从上高
and I couldn't really walk away in quite the same way as before.
我再也不能像以前那样散步离开了。
walk away:散步离开
and, again, I couldn't really walk away quite so comfortably.
再一次，我不能允许自己散步离开。
walk away:散步离开
Text: "Between Two Fires: Torture and Displacement in Northern Uganda"
文字：“双重烈焰：乌干达北部的酷刑折磨和遷移”
Displacement:遷移
And the whole -- it's got to flow from beginning to end.
从开始到结束都要很流畅。
from beginning to end:从开始到结束
dub, dub, dub, dub, dub -- but without patronizing me.
咚咚咚咚--但是又没有赞助我的态度。
patronizing me:赞助我
I looked at the image -- a picture's worth a thousand words.
我看一眼图片--照片价值千词汇。
a picture's worth a thousand words:照片价值千词汇
So I think it should be really, really clear
我认为一切都是清楚的：
clear:清楚
or, "Oh, I've got to hide because my boss might see me.
或者，“哦，我必须隐藏地，免得让老板看见。
hide:隐藏
He's having fun, he's in the groove, he's in the flow.
他感到愉快，他玩得在是的流
in the flow:在是的流
and ignite the fire of change in the play revolution.
为玩耍的革命点燃点燃是的火焰
ignite the fire:点燃是的火焰
you have a beer, you have some food, you talk,
来瓶啤酒，点几道小菜，说话
talk:说话
and it's supposed to be, what, a miserable grind,
工作应该是，啥，一件悲惨磨？
a miserable grind:悲惨磨
Because we can't do it alone. We have to do it together,
不能做它独身，我们必须协同合作
can't do it alone:不能做它独身
like, you've got to make something good out of something bad.
比如，有到做某事好的出去的某事坏。
got to make something good out of something bad:有到做某事好的出去的某事坏
RG: You may remember, we fell head over heels in love.
RG：你也许记得， 我们那时头以上跟鞋地相爱。
head over heels:头以上跟鞋
I'll never forget, I remember vividly to this day,
我永远都不会忘记， 我今天还记住显而易见，
remember vividly:记住显而易见
can cause them just to plummet to the depths of despair.
又可以让他们跌倒到是的深度的绝望，伤心至极。
plummet to the depths of despair:跌倒到是的深度的绝望
And we were able to cross this line, called the uncanny valley,
而我们能够越过这条线,把它称作怪异的峡谷,
uncanny:怪异
Now, what he did didn't used to have a name,
他所做的曾经没有使用到有名字，
didn't used to have a name:没有使用到有名字
And when all expenses were paid, the debt was handled, and everything was fine.
这样所有的成本都回来了，债也还清了，一切是好的。
everything was fine:一切是好的
you can go off and do all kinds of fabulous things with it.
你们离开之后就可以利用它做各种非常棒的东西
fabulous:非常棒
This is perfect in that it clearly opposes self-centeredness
这种情感是完美的，因为慈悲心和以自我为中心的自我中心恰恰相反
self-centeredness:自我中心
and, further, it indicates that those caught in the cycle of self-concern
这进一步表明了，那些以自我为中心，自我关心的人，
self-concern:自我关心
and there are maggots in the flesh. And it's terrible.
且布满密密麻麻的蛆。那样子看上去实在是令人可怕。
terrible:可怕
because they saw a demented looking, scrawny looking yogi man,
人们看到了一个酷似嬉皮士，粗糙的瑜珈的年轻人，
scrawny:粗糙
and do whatever we can at whatever little level
并尽我们做无论如何我们可以的的一切
do whatever we can:做无论如何我们可以
And it was huge -- it was absolutely enormous.
并且它非常地大――绝对是一个巨大的。
huge:巨大的
These people over there will do everything they can
那边的那批人会做一切他们可以
do everything they can:做一切他们可以
because we have to deal with so much mess in our society.
因为我们必须得去处理社会中许多那么很多混乱的事。
so much mess:那么很多混乱
So, that's one of the prime reasons we built this giant machine.
这就是我们建造这个巨人机器的主要原因之一
giant machine:巨人机器
It didn't seem like a lot, for this guy who'd seen so much,
对于这样一个已见那么很多的人来说，这是小菜一碟，
seen so much:已见那么很多
you'd hear all these men, these really hardened criminals,
都可以听到那些人，那些坚固的罪犯，
hardened:坚固
So one of the disadvantages of these small robots is its size.
的缺点，就是体积小
disadvantages:缺点
-- sugar, white flour, white rice, alcohol. And you get a double whammy:
——糖，白面，白米，酒精等，吃了这些你就获得双重哈姆米了：
get a double whammy:获得双重哈姆米
and overeat and drink too much and work too hard and so on.
更易多吃及喝也很多，更易成为工作狂等等。
overeat and drink too much:多吃及喝也很多
So, clearly, we were in a substantially better place for this.
很明显，这种技术是多么优越了
clearly:很明显
to try and find out what was going on.
我们试着去调查事情的什么?是去上
what was going on:什么?是去上
These guys could go to jail for up to seven years
他们可能会为此付出最高七年的去到监狱
go to jail:去到监狱
And what they were doing to the bears was really appalling.
他们对熊所做的种种行为实在是可怕
appalling:可怕
Then there was no looking back at all for us.
对我们所有人来说，这正是不看背面的了
no looking back:不看背面
that's very mobile, so they can actually turn them both around.
非常移动电话，所以可以转动
very mobile:非常移动电话
having to witness your own funeral and feel gratified.
因为你要目睹自己的葬礼并做到感觉满意。
feel gratified:感觉满意
digging through the rubble of one of our cities.
在我们城市是的废墟中挖掘
the rubble:是的废墟
we have no sense of what space sounds like.
我们对太空听起来是什么样的却有不感觉。
have no sense:有不感觉
the total interconnectedness of all life in all universes.
所有宇宙中的所有生命都是互联性的。
interconnectedness:互联性
he worries very much about the haves and have-nots.
他很担心那些拥有一切的和没有的。
have-nots:没有
to have worked on a bunch of amazing projects.
参与了许多令人惊奇的项目。
amazing:令人惊奇
eventually brought it down and it was, of course, called the "coup de text."
促使其带来它倒下，引发了所谓的“短信政变”。
brought it down:带来它倒下
a country that nobody knew anything about that was happening, until these blogs
人们之前对这个国家没有人知道任何事情，
nobody knew anything:没有人知道任何事情
Foreign policy can never be the same again. It cannot be run by elites;
外交政策将永远是是的同样的又一次，无法由掌权人士一手管控，
never be the same again:永远是是的同样的又一次
but has got to be solved by the world working together.
而是需要全世界工作一起彼此合作。
working together:工作一起
with other people working with us around the world,
还有来自全球与我们工作与的人民，
working with:工作与
And look what it does with its foot to get over challenging terrain.
看，当他们要通过挑战性的地面时是如何使用脚的。
challenging:挑战性
And we need to be very attentive and vigilant
我们要非常注意及警觉的
attentive and vigilant:注意及警觉
which I think is going to have as profound an impact
就像伽利略四个世纪以前的创举一样，我认为这项发明也将对我们观测宇宙产生深远一个影响。
profound an impact:深远一个影响
that lets you navigate through the universe where you want to go.
可以你希望到去的带我们飞跃整个宇宙。
you want to go:你希望到去
I think we're going to see a community of storytellers evolve and emerge.
去到看将来故事家的涌现。
going to see:去到看
and it will make a lot of people nervous
而事实总会使许多人紧张
nervous:紧张
those of us in Silicon Valley were really focused on products or objects --
我们在硅谷工作的那些人，真的是集中开发各种产品，
focused:集中
And so we'll continue to focus on products, as we always have.
所以，我们还会继续，关注产品设计。
continue:继续
there was a huge buzz about people standing outside and wondering,
很多人好奇地站在周围，吵闹关于：
buzz about:吵闹关于
And then when you get to a station, it's expanded so that you can actually read it.
这条信息就会展开，内容扩展。
expanded:扩展
In contrast to if you went inside the dome, where it's
与在建筑里面对比，
contrast:对比
had met him at a fete and asking for a signed photograph.
回顾宴会的在聚会以及索求一张签名的照片。
at a fete:在聚会
After her name, written in brackets was the apt description, horse face.
在她的名字后面，括号内写着一个阿普特的描述词：马脸。
apt:阿普特
"Not only is she aware of her physical repulsiveness,
“她不仅仅认识到自己的外表厌恶，
repulsiveness:厌恶
And on the photograph, he wrote with a flourish,
而且在照片上，他与繁荣：
with a flourish:与繁荣
and is as important to the well-being of the planet
它对于地球的幸福有着十分重要的意义
well-being:幸福
What could be more lonely than to be enveloped in silence,
想象一下 当你是包围在沉默
be enveloped in silence:是包围在沉默
and when we pressured the people a little bit about it,
我们压力是的人很小比特关于它
pressured the people a little bit about it:压力是的人很小比特关于它
is affirmed in stunning glory. And the priest steps back
都是在令人惊奇的荣耀中得到印证 这时 祭司走过来说
stunning:令人惊奇
some of their extraordinary discoveries. Take this plant here.
他们不可思议的生活方式
extraordinary:不可思议
is rather like being shot out of a rifle barrel
你会看到步枪桶的幻觉
a rifle barrel:步枪桶
a people who lived free in the forest until a generation ago,
他们上代人还免费地生活在丛林中
free:免费
but the redemptive spirit of the people is something to behold.
人类的赎回性精神需要得到见证
redemptive:赎回性
or do we want to embrace a polychromatic world of diversity?
还是需要一个多色、多样化的世界
polychromatic:多色
So many books actually have been written over the years.
人们在以上是的岁月中写了很多书
over the years:以上是的岁月
So it turns out there was a company across the river called Google
结果 越过是的河 有一家叫“谷歌”的公司
across the river:越过是的河
It was an intuitive, strong-held belief that was wrong.
第二，有很坚固的但错的想法
strong-held:坚固的
So it was intuitive and obvious. Now what about evolution?
这是直觉及很明显的，我们再看看进化论
intuitive and obvious:直觉及很明显
Because it remains hard work for women to wash.
因为洗衣服对于女性来说还是件很困难工作。
hard work:很困难工作
but they could feel cold, they felt a coldness,
但他们感觉到一种冷，
a coldness:冷
about the fact that at the core of both our souls
在我们彼此的在是的核心的两个我们的灵魂
at the core of both our souls:在是的核心的两个我们的灵魂
you kind of look for an excuse not to do them.
你就会看为一个原谅去回避它。
look for an excuse:看为一个原谅
And this is a little-known technological fact about the Internet,
这是一个关于互联网的不知名的的技术事实，
little-known:不知名的
and ran away from home because she wanted to become a heroine,
她就跑离开，因为她希望成为一个女英雄
ran away:跑离开
I mean, it had to. Right? I was in for quite a surprise.
它不就得那样发展，不是吗？可是非常惊奇。
quite a surprise:非常惊奇
and 15 years work would have come for nothing.
15年的工作都来吧为没什么。
come for nothing:来吧为没什么
and before the bloodshed was finished, 1,000 people had lost their jobs
而到这一是的流血结束前， 我们公司总共
the bloodshed:是的流血
a man who's been at the nitty, gritty heart
一个细心、悲伤心地进行了多年
gritty heart:悲伤心
Because five years from now, it will blow you away
五年之后，他们将使你吹
blow:吹
So, the climate changes will be terrible for them.
所以，气候变化将给他们带来可怕，同时，能源价格也对他们至关重要
terrible:可怕
Now, if we do a really great job on new vaccines,
如果我们在新疫苗开发、医疗服务、生殖健康方面的工作做得伟大的的话
great:伟大的
Usually, you just kind of stand by, and some come along, some don't.
通常，你只是站立以，有些奇迹就发生了，有些则没有
stand by:站立以
This is a case where we actually have to drive at full speed
但在低碳减排这件事上，我们必须在完全速度去推动，从而在最终期限前实现这一奇迹
at full speed:在完全速度
and get a miracle in a pretty tight timeline.
但在低碳减排这件事上，我们必须在很漂亮紧时间线去推动，从而在最终期限前实现这一奇迹
in a pretty tight timeline:在很漂亮紧时间线
Now, there's all sorts of gimmicky solutions like that one,
像萤火虫这样的解决能源问题有狡猾有很多，但实际作用相当有限
gimmicky:狡猾
the issue of the safety, really feeling good about nothing could go wrong,
安全问题，保证一切没什么可以去错误
nothing could go wrong:没什么可以去错误
The R&amp;D piece, it's crazy how little it's funded.
我觉得那是一个非常值得探讨的话题，因为对科研的投入之少实在是疯狂
crazy:疯狂
and institutions that don't want you to move those things forward,
某些不希望你移动那些一些事情向前,的公司打交道，
move those things forward,:移动那些一些事情向前,
And then I sat down and all the ants came along.
然后就坐下来看着蚂蚁们来了沿着。
came along:来了沿着
our otherwise grim, humorless doctor looked at his watch,
我们那位看似面无表情，毫无幽默感的接生医生看了看他的表
humorless:毫无幽默感
What I didn't tell her is, if she said, "Yes," you could jump.
我没告诉她，如果她回答“有”，那就跳跃了，
jump:跳跃
and ended up really encouraging me to write this story down in a book.
最后我鼓励，并把这个故事写进书里。
encouraging:鼓励
He was called a "flaneur," one who wanders the arcades.
这些人被称为浪荡子，整天流浪者是的拱门。。
wanders the arcades.:流浪者是的拱门。
They pat one another on the back; they swagger; they shake their fist --
它们互相拍击后背、夸克、摇晃拳头——
swagger:夸克
that all of you in this room know only too well.
在场所有人都知道只有也好的。
know only too well:知道只有也好的
So, when the logging camp moves, there's nothing left.
所以，当伐木营离开时，当地往往被没什么左。
nothing left:没什么左
eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow we die.
吃,喝及是欢喜就好，反正总有一死。
eat, drink and be merry:吃,喝及是欢喜
So, what does a sunny place need? Not habitat per se.
那么，阳光明媚的地方需要什么？本身不是栖息地。
sunny:阳光明媚
You know, so on the one hand we have the unthinkable;
所以你看，我们被夹在一个不可思议
unthinkable:不可思议
There's interplay between them. And, you know, you get amazing things.
这是一个双方相互学相互作用的过程
interplay:相互作用
The 20th century was a great time to be a media company,
20世纪的媒体公司伟大的时间的时候
a great time:伟大的时间
PIPA and SOPA are not oddities, they're not anomalies,
PIPA和SOPA不是奇特，不是异常现象
oddities:奇特
I am more invulnerable than Achilles; fortune hath not one place to hit me."
我比阿奇里斯（Achilles）更不可伤害，我用不着幸运的眷顾。”
invulnerable:不可伤害
Harry S. Langerman uttered these words, and he's somebody you might have known
哈里·朗格曼(Harry S Langerman）说了这些。他本可以成为一个某人你可能有已知的人物。
somebody you might have known:某人你可能有已知
Your picture will be winging its way over the Atlantic.
你的照片要它的路面以上是的大西洋。
its way over the Atlantic:它的路面以上是的大西洋
And people who are deliberating -- "Should I return it?
另外的学生则在考虑。“我应该换照片吗?
deliberating:考虑
I have a little Cuban mother -- she's about that big.
我那很小的古巴母亲——她身量才那么大。
little:很小
and then poignancy turns on a dime and leaves you breathless.
又散发性，他来个急转弯就能让人目瞪口呆。
poignancy:散发性
and then poignancy turns on a dime and leaves you breathless.
又一针见血，他来个急转弯就能让人无呼吸。
breathless:无呼吸
It makes spit froth in the little corners of your mouth --
让你吐痰 froth在是的很小角的你的口。
spit froth in the little corners of your mouth:吐痰 froth在是的很小角的你的口
is that enough? It makes your armpits juicy, you know?
吃起来袖口甜味。
armpits juicy:袖口甜味
and when she did meet them, oh, she had wonderful, well, rapport.
躲不开的时候也有，那时她表现出——太棒了,好吧,报告。
wonderful, well, rapport:太棒了,好吧,报告
where she bartered with the judge for a discount.
她却在哪儿跟法官商量指望法官为折扣。
judge for a discount:法官为折扣
Oh, a driver's license, a perfectly valid driver's license.
哦，驾照——一本很完美有效的驾照。
perfectly valid:很完美有效
in the middle of her forehead, is still standing there, slack-jawed.
举个冰激凌甜筒在脑门前，懒散的地呆在原地。
slack-jawed:懒散的
And she's still talking while she puts the car in park,
停车到位时她还在说话呢，
talking:说话
She has amazing land speed for a woman her age, too.
她的开车速度也算令人惊奇。
amazing:令人惊奇
they look at each other, it's a knowing glance -- "God, she's crazy!"
他俩知道看一眼地对视片刻——“天啊，她真疯狂！”
a knowing glance:知道看一眼
you know, you just want to handle her really gingerly."
你得小心翼翼地地对她。
gingerly:小心翼翼地
And the other is that there is an incredible opportunity
另一个就是我们面临着不可思议的机遇，
incredible:不可思议
It's like the car that you always wanted that your mom said that you couldn't have.
这些车子都是那些你永远希望的的，但你妈妈反对你拥有的。
always wanted:永远希望的
I get all the good stuff and none of the bad.
我享受了所有的好处，而没有的是的坏。
none of the bad:没有的是的坏
The company has been doubling in size ever since I founded it, or greater.
自从公司创办以来，其规模已经是的双倍，甚至更多。
been doubling:是的双倍
it could be -- if we did a brilliant job of it --
——如果我们能做出英俊的工作——
brilliant:英俊
I know that they were tougher for a lot of people,
我知道，并不是只有我的生活更强硬，
tougher:更强硬
and that's that it ain't gonna go according to plan.
那就是“不是我会的去按照到计划”。
ain't gonna go according to plan:不是我会的去按照到计划
with twists in your stomach and with holes in your heart,
扭曲在你的胃，心如刀绞。
twists in your stomach:扭曲在你的胃
It's just about being you and being cool with that.
凉爽地做最真实的自己。
cool:凉爽
coming to a new country when you're in your mid-20s.
二十五六岁的光景，即将到来的到新一个陌生的国度。
coming to a new:即将到来的到新
And I just wanted to say thank you to you guys.
我想向你们两位希望的到说谢谢你。
wanted to say thank you:希望的到说谢谢你
Sounds crazy. But this goes back to that theme
听起来很疯狂。但这件事去背面，依旧是关于
goes back:去背面
survey of that ship, which had never been done.
──一个有永远是的已完成的做法。
had never been done:有永远是的已完成
and a way to protect it from the weather."
可以让他们避免是的天气。
the weather:是的天气
So dealing with it is just an immediate master plan.
所以解决这个问题成了一个立即的总体规划。
immediate:立即
most of us would go on to fully recover
我们当中的大多数可以完全恢复
fully recover:完全恢复
Doing nothing at work is akin to masturbating at work;
在工作时没什么在工作与在工作时手淫一样
nothing at work:没什么在工作
but this made me cry when I discovered this.
可我发现下面这个研究之后真是所作的我哭泣。
made me cry:所作的我哭泣
And the daughter was exhausted from caring for her mother.
这个女儿因为照顾老母而疲惫不堪，
exhausted:疲惫不堪
Which size? It's a piece of cake. I like challenges.
啥大小? 片子的蛋糕, 我愛挑戰呢.
a piece of cake:片子的蛋糕
It's one of the characteristics of a leader that he not doubt
这是一个不怀疑的领导者的特质，
not doubt:不怀疑
they have to have an opinion, so they say, "Hamlet is a procrastinator."
他们必须要批评点什么，于是他们说，“哈姆雷特拖延者，拖泥带水。”
procrastinator:拖延者
the solution is not to do more of the wrong things,
这解答无异是做更多的是的错误一些事情：
do more of the wrong things:做更多的是的错误一些事情
We already know this. The science confirms what we know in our hearts.
我们知道在我们的心。科学不过确认了我们心里的声音
know in our hearts:知道在我们的心
We can turn it into a dazzling array of materials,
我们可以用石油再加工成闪耀的新材料：
dazzling:闪耀
is the increasingly terrified look they have in their eyes,
他们眼里日益增加的恐惧，
increasingly:日益增加
in carbon, over the next 40 years to avoid runaway climate change.
在未来的40年间防范逃跑的气候变化。
runaway:逃跑
is to look back at the stories people used to tell
看背面在是的故事时人们通常这么说：
look back at the storie:看背面在是的故事
and they run with it, and they implement it where they are.
并且运行，执行它哪里他们是。
implement it where they are:执行它哪里他们是
So basically, you have a group of people who are excited by the idea.
大体上有很多人为这个想法而兴奋。
excited:兴奋
It also gets me excited about this big product that I'm putting together,
另一件令我兴奋的事实是我所要组成的是如此一个大产品，
big product:大产品
of public education around the world is a protracted process
不论哪个国家的公共教育都是一种 prolonged过程的程序
a protracted process:prolonged过程
I cannot put it down until I finish the whole book.
我就不能放它倒下，直到我读完整本书。
cannot put it down:不能放它倒下
are not dismayed when the data comes back a mess.
对于混乱的数据并不会很在意。
a mess:混乱
Campbell's made Prego, and Prego, in the early '80s, was struggling next to Ragu,
金宝汤生产 Prego 牌意粉酱，在八十年代初期，Prego 和 Ragu 竞争得下一个到。
next to:下一个到
And, anyway, despite the fact that they were far superior in adherence,
不管怎样，尽管他们的意粉酱更粘稠，
anyway:不管怎样
Even though at least a third of them, deep in their hearts, actually did.
即使是他们中至少有三分之一，在他们的深在他们心，
deep in their hearts:深在他们心
And the whole thing, after they did that, Grey Poupon takes off!
他们做了这一切之后，Grey Poupon 接受取消！
takes off:接受取消
is a difference between coffee that makes you wince,
就是让你使你哭泣的咖啡
makes you wince:使你哭泣
Now, this gives a real meaning to the term "blind faith,"
这给“盲目信仰”提供了一个失明信仰的定义，
blind faith:失明信仰
Or Paul Baran, and his vision for packet switching.
还有 Paul Barron，以及他对于包交换的视觉。
vision:视觉
What it comes down to, really, is four basic principles:
到来倒下，四条基本原则：
comes down:到来倒下
all of the artifacts of modern comics start to present themselves:
所有现代漫画的元素现在他们自己：
present themselves:现在他们自己
We could do circular narratives that were literally circular.
我们能做出字面上说的循环故事。
literally:字面上说
We could do a turn in a story that was literally a turn.
我们能在故事中做出字面上说的转折。
literally:字面上说
and then we're carrying it through all the way from beginning to end.
然后我们从开始到结束将它看下来。
from beginning to end:从开始到结束
One of many reasons, but I've got to go now.
的原因之一。但我该有到去现在了。
got to go now:有到去现在
is easily overwhelmed by one who is solemn, like Eisenhower.
会很轻易的被庄严的参选人打败，比如Eisenhower。
solemn:庄严
when you start something and it turns that way --
当你开始去做某件事情，但却开始某事及它轮流那路面——
start something and it turns that way:开始某事及它轮流那路面
I'd like to start tonight by something completely different,
今晚，我想以一种完全不同的方式作为开始，
completely different:完全不同
but it probably won't keep you satiated for very long.
但更可能让你时常保持你饱满为非常长。
keep you satiated for very long:保持你饱满为非常长
And this is just so elegantly mysterious, it's just --
这实在是太优雅地神秘了，
elegantly mysterious:优雅地神秘
They school as adolescents, and become behemoth loners as adults.
它们在青少年阶段时聚集成群，但成年时却贝赫莫特孤独者。
behemoth loners:贝赫莫特孤独者
So being a loner is a great thing, especially in today's seas,
这些伟大的事情都是孤独行者，特别是在现在的海洋里，
great thing:伟大的事情
And it's pictured right here, that little tag up there.
是的图案右在这儿。那个小标签。
it's pictured right here:是的图案右在这儿
And you're just wondering, oh, I hope the fish is safe,
然后你就得想，噢，希望那鱼安全。
safe:安全
But also what's important is that they're not slacker, lazy fish.
另一个重要的事情是它们并非懒惰者，
lazy:懒惰
really wanted for the woman, a Sekhri, to get justice,
确实想为这刹帝利妇人获得公正，
get justice:获得公正
to make all the Nazis feel wonderful and Aryan.
来让纳粹分子感觉美妙以及“像雅利安人”。
wonderful:美妙
It's the feeling that wells up from deep inside,
这种感觉从深里面涌现出来，
deep inside:深里面
an inspirational man, one of my early allies in Huntington, West Virginia.
他是令人鼓舞的人。早期我在西弗吉尼亚州亨廷顿市的一个盟友。
inspirational:令人鼓舞
with a heritage of guilt and defeat matched by defiance and bravado.
伴随着挑衅和布拉瓦多，他们继承了内疚和挫折。
bravado:布拉瓦多
assured him that he was of great value to the economy.
都确信地说他对当地经济的发展来说是很有价值的。
assured:确信
In those early days of the Final Solution, it was handcrafted brutality;
在集中营就要解放之前，情况非常的残忍--
brutality:残忍
It was a brutal beating. And midway through that brutality,
酷刑真是野蛮打，特兹勒的一个儿子安德鲁看不下去了，
brutal beating:野蛮打
the textile industry in the South was notoriously segregated.
美国南部地区的纺织业里的种族歧视现象臭名昭著．
notoriously:臭名昭著
There was hemming and hawing and shuffling of feet,
刚开始他们都麻醉及闪烁，欲言又止的，
hemming and hawing:麻醉及闪烁
poured in to see the facility for the first time,
注水参观工厂，
poured:注水
If they didn't like each other, we could all get trampled to death.
如果他们合不来的话，我获得被踩踏到死亡。
get trampled to death:获得被踩踏到死亡
with the perfect light, which then becomes shadowed by the angle you're at.
完美的灯光，而灯光又被你的角度给挡住啦。
perfect:完美
or the potential of my neck breaking. But if I go with the wave,
但如果我去与是的波浪
go with the wave:去与是的波浪
and it is so in every little pocket of every little crater,
它每很小陨石坑
every little crater:每很小陨石坑
through dust, through sleeping on the ground -- because the Masais are nomads,
通过尘埃，餐风露宿；由于马赛族是游牧民族，
through dust:通过尘埃
through dust, through sleeping on the ground -- because the Masais are nomads,
跋山涉水，睡着上是的地面；由于马赛族是游牧民族，
sleeping on the ground:睡着上是的地面
and, in fact, my life was hell. I lived with an alcoholic father
但实际上我活在地狱之中。我同酒鬼父亲住在一起，
hell:地狱
and we're walking, we arrive at the opening of this house --
我们步行来到刚开业的那座庇护所——
walking:步行
and the dust was flying and the girls were dancing,
路上尘埃是飞行，女孩子们载歌载舞，
dust was flying:尘埃是飞行
and the dust was flying and the girls were dancing,
路上尘土飞扬，女孩子们跳舞，
dancing:跳舞
and we are physically getting exhausted to see all of them.
要把他们全部都看完，这真的让我们感到疲惫不堪。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
We learned of Marshall Kay's geosynclinal cycle, which is a bunch of crap.
我们学了马歇尔.凯的构造循环，那就是一派垃圾。
crap:垃圾
represents a one tenth of one percent glimpse, because that's all we've seen.
不过是一个第十的一个百分比看一眼，因为这就是我们所看到的全部。
a one tenth of one percent glimpse:一个第十的一个百分比看一眼
And we almost sank the ship, but I became enraptured
我们差点把船弄沉，但我却为越来越多的探险而迷恋。
enraptured:迷恋
In fact, on a good day, we might have four or five human beings
事实上，在一个好的一天的日子，我们可能有四、五个人
a good day:好的一天
But I was enraptured, and in my graduate years
但我却迷恋，因为我毕业的年代
enraptured:迷恋
was not only because of its tremendous size, dominating the planet,
不仅由于它的在这个行星上巨大的，
tremendous:巨大的
We punched a bunch of heat probes. Everything made sense,
我们施放了大量探热仪。一切都所作的感觉，
made sense:所作的感觉
along this mountain range, but it was dwarfed by what we discovered.
然而较之我们的发现，这不过是是矮人而已。
was dwarfed:是矮人
we'll have the best kids pumped out of that system, let me tell you.
我们也将拥有从这个系统中泵出去的最棒的孩子。
pumped out:泵出去
how I came to design my own particular brand of comedy
我是如何设计自己特别的喜剧品牌的，
particular:特别
It was an act of clenched teeth and hatred. It was the unendurable.
是一种恨得紧握牙齿的方式。它是那么不堪忍受。
clenched teeth:紧握牙齿
I like to, as I said, talk about things I know nothing about.
我说过的，我喜欢谈论些自己一些事情我知道没什么关于的东西。
things I know nothing about:一些事情我知道没什么关于
as those changes were taking place, as people were starting to find out that
世界确实是改变是采纳地点，人们开始发现
changes were taking place:改变是采纳地点
There are really serious calamities staring us in the eye
很多严重的灾难凝视我们在是的眼睛，
staring us in the eye:凝视我们在是的眼睛
and was laughed at for it, there must be billions and billions in the universe.
全宇宙一定有数十亿及数十亿这样的星球。
billions and billions:数十亿及数十亿
And the chance that some of it isn't more intelligent than ours is also a remote idea.
而其中外星人并不比我们聪明也是遥远想法。
a remote idea:遥远想法
There will be massive amounts of data flowing ashore,
大量的数据流将会流岸边地涌出
flowing ashore:流岸边
to converge in a manner that is just unprecedented.
以一种史无前例的方式整合起来
unprecedented:史无前例
We could do work on the sea floor that would be stunning,
我们在海底的作业是让人令人惊奇的
stunning:令人惊奇
Inexplicable versus understood. You know, too often we want to understand everything.
神秘，那些理解的。我们往往想了解所有事
understood:理解
So again, the notion that a building should just be explicit
那些认为建筑应该是明确的想法
be explicit:是明确
So the reality of architecture is visceral. It's not intellectual.
真正的建筑内脏，而不是来自学识
visceral:内脏
You know Frank Gehry's buildings, they will continue to be unexpected in the future.
就像法蘭克蓋里的建筑，它们在未来也会继续不可预料
unexpected:不可预料
"This is the tabula rasa, mister architect -- do whatever you want."
“这是一张白纸，建筑师。做无论如何你希望吧。”
do whatever you want:做无论如何你希望
because it is such an immediate evidence of ongoing climate change right now.
因为它是当下持续气候变化立即的证据。
immediate:立即
Everything else you hear is just propaganda and confusion.
你听到的其他任何事都只是鼓吹和混淆。
confusion:混淆
If you line up 295 of those nose to tail, that's about how far back that was.
如果你鼻到尾巴排上295辆，大概就是它往后了多远。
nose to tail:鼻到尾巴
So I think we have this whole eating thing wrong.
因此我认为我们的饮食之道是错误。
wrong:错误
For community though, we start at the very beginning.
考虑到社区，我开始在是的非常开始。
start at the very beginning:开始在是的非常开始
but the whole freaking calendar, he comes up with 0400
最疯狂的时刻时， 他想到了0400
freaking:疯狂
They say that a picture is worth a thousand words,
有人说用价值千词语都不足以描绘一幅图画，
worth a thousand word:价值千词语
which were responsible for fueling much of the ethnic hatred in the first place.
为当时的种族仇恨煽风点火、燃油，最终酿成惨剧。
fueling:燃油
we just got real busy and whip, bam, boom:
我们实在是忙得有真正的很忙，用来照顾
got real busy:有真正的很忙
But what is most striking is who is carrying those cell phones.
但是，最引人注目的是谁携带手机。
striking:引人注目
And it's the best thing and the most nutritious and refreshing thing you can drink
这也是在热带那种炎热的天气里，能喝到最有营养的和令人更新的饮料
refreshing:更新
who proceeded to bring down the coconuts for us to drink.
他继续地从椰子树上给我们带来新鲜的椰子汁。
proceeded:继续
And here's the thing that should freak you out.
但下面这件事会让大家感觉怪人你出去。
freak you out:怪人你出去
which is equally puzzling at first, but in some ways just as important.
它乍眼看来也是一样令人困惑，但从某种程度上说，它也是一样重要。
puzzling:令人困惑
This is all backwards. It is. And Darwin shows us why.
但这都是逆向的逻辑。达尔文会告诉我们为什么。
backwards:逆向
And it's one of the classic examples in animal behavior of bluffing.
这在动物吹嘘的行为中，是一个经典的例子。
bluffing:吹嘘
and explore it and so forth, you realize it's a very intricate,
你才会意识到它实际上是一个复杂
intricate:复杂
And on the bottom right is if the satellite had flipped upside down
右下角是一张如果把卫星闪烁上边倒下
flipped upside down:闪烁上边倒下
and I'm panting and sweating, got mud up to my knees,
而我是 pnting汗流浃背，淤泥没到了我的膝盖，
panting:pnting
and I'm panting and sweating, got mud up to my knees,
而我是气喘吁吁汗流，淤泥没到了我的膝盖，
sweating:汗流
And don't get me wrong, that was really fascinating, you know,
请不要误解我，那样的谈话真的是引人注目，
fascinating:引人注目
is that people get so used to being short-changed
人们如此习惯于短调，
short-changed:短调
And we get a little older -- we sort of let things go.
我们老了一些之后，某种程度上就让一些事情去了。
let things go:让一些事情去
It's bearing down that wins the cup. Of dreaming there's a goal ahead;
要赢得奖杯靠的就是承载倒下。需要梦想着前面的目标。
bearing down:承载倒下
to the infamous Wikipedia, and everything in between --
不名誉的维基百科，以及其间的任何事--
infamous:不名誉
is a Ponzi scheme. It's a house of cards.
是一种庞氏骗局；它也是一个房子的卡片。
a house of cards:房子的卡片
By 2050, it's going to be a column and will start to invert.
预计到2050年时，整个分布图会变成柱状并开始开始到逆转。
start to invert:开始到逆转
Because the clock is ticking for all of us.
因为时钟拍拍，时不我待。
ticking:拍拍
Because the clock is ticking for all of us.
因为时钟滴答作响，是的钟是拍拍为所有的u。
the clock is ticking for all of u:是的钟是拍拍为所有的u
and we can be part of it by aligning the technology
而且我们可以整齐发明技术和应用它
aligning:整齐
So I would walk around in a daze during the day.
于是，到了白天，我就在沉迷的在街上走
in a daze:在沉迷
and so suddenly it was actually full every day.
后来我们的辅导中心就变得天天都完全了
full:完全
there are no words that we could say to him.
我们将不词汇，
no words:不词汇
This seems to me both a deeply moving and a convincing re-statement
我觉得这篇文章是一个既深深地移动又有说服力的
deeply moving:深深地移动
Beating up the Egyptians, drowning them in the Red Sea, wasting cities, getting angry.
殴打埃及人，把他们淹死在红海，毁灭城市，获得生气。
getting angry:获得生气
The kind of relationships when deep speaks to deep.
那是一种深说话到深交谈时毫不遮掩的关系。
deep speaks to deep:深说话到深
It's too painful. You don't want to think about it.
光是想想就能让你觉得痛苦
painful:痛苦
and so I made all this kind of stuff that messes with your eyes.
我制作了所有这些能让人杂乱与你的眼睛的东西。
messes with your eyes:杂乱与你的眼睛
"Eye candy" -- sort of pejorative, don't you think?
“视觉糖果”（轻蔑）－－你不觉得有点轻蔑吗？
pejorative:轻蔑
? Come on fly baby, we got work to do ?
?飞吧，亲爱的，我们要有工作到做?
got work to do:有工作到做
and I am overwhelmed by the sadness, by the difficulty,
悲痛就会将我团团包围，让我被压倒
overwhelmed:被压倒
and gives us a feeling of what's right about life, what's right about living,
让我们什么?右关于生命,什么?右关于生活
what's right about life, what's right about living:什么?右关于生命,什么?右关于生活
that enslave us, that make our eyes closed, give us tunnel vision
这些东西控制了我们，蒙蔽了我们的双眼，让我们变成隧道视觉
tunnel vision:隧道视觉
am not lying awake at night worrying about this at all.
反正我可不会为了它而撒谎醒来睡不着
lying awake:撒谎醒来
ham-fisted. You might just push it into a third
真是刺伤的啊 结果可能把它推进另一个钥匙眼
ham-fisted:刺伤的
who either twists that information, or colors that information,
以扭曲那资料、添油加醋、或其他方式
twists that information:扭曲那资料
who either twists that information, or colors that information,
以歪曲事实、颜色那资料、或其他方式
colors that information:颜色那资料
trying to find their own match, who will be willing,
盲目寻找匹配的
match:匹配
that when we die our life is swept away -- dust to dust.
人们死后，生命就此消逝，尘埃到尘埃
dust to dust:尘埃到尘埃
It was an unprecedented act at the time because everybody thought,
在当时这种做法是史无前例的，因为人人都认为
unprecedented:史无前例
We want to hear about that man who spoke with a voice of thunder,
我们想听那个人的故事，他讲话声音雷声；
thunder:雷声
And he had somewhat of a minor league womanizing reputation.
而且他似乎还有些联盟女化的名声。
league womanizing:联盟女化
And I'd like to believe that the privilege fired within me
我相信是这份荣幸让我被开枪内部我。
fired within me:被开枪内部我
Because at first, I'd be so excited I would blurt out,
因为刚开始，我会很激动地吹嘘出去：
blurt out:吹嘘出去
really can live on, so long as we pledge
得以活上
live on:活上
and they're very much connected with the history of the universe.
它们和宇宙的历史很多连接。
much connected:很多连接
I remember putting that film out and going to cynics.
我记得放映那个电影，并且到愤世嫉俗者中去。
cynics:愤世嫉俗
Thankfully, baby was out -- mother and child survived.
幸运的是，幸好婴儿当时已经出来了，后来母子平安。
Thankfully:幸运的是
in an upper-middle class neighborhood and feel good about it.
住在中上阶级的社区里感觉好的关于它。
feel good about it:感觉好的关于它
of the promise of what can happen if we train our kids right.
所展现的晨曦，真是承诺。
promise:承诺
However, these are just the tip of the iceberg.
而这也才只是是的尖端的是的冰山而已。
the tip of the iceberg:是的尖端的是的冰山
I know you're out there, they told me backstage, it's a full house and such.
我知道你们就座在大厅里 ，上台之前他们已经说了，观众完全房子。
a full house:完全房子
Now these people need to be stopped, seriously now.
该出来阻止这伙人了，很认真现在。
seriously now:很认真现在
believing in all this nonsense over all these years.
多年来相信这些愚蠢。
nonsense:愚蠢
and impure water supplies that people have to suffer with.
供应水质不纯净的问题令人们有到痛苦与。
have to suffer with:有到痛苦与
We're waiting for the psychics to come forth and snap at it.
我们等待为，诸多灵媒师前来应战。
waiting for:等待为
the surgeon is racing against the clock to finish his case,
外科医生正和赛跑反对是的钟完成手术
racing against the clock:赛跑反对是的钟
My TED Talk that you have no idea what the subject is
您对我的TED演讲主题有不想法
have no idea:有不想法
I wouldn't have been able to tell you that with any certainty.
我可不会像现在这么与任何确定性
with any certainty:与任何确定性
is that everything from top to bottom, from start to finish,
从上到下，从开始到完成
from start to finish:从开始到完成
And I would love for CEG to help make it happen.
希望CEG能够助我帮助做它发生
help make it happen:帮助做它发生
And I was blown away, because I thought the whole concept, the idea of advertising,
我是吹离开，我以为，打广告的理念与实质
was blown away:是吹离开
So we don't have the budgets that other brands have.
我们不像其它大品牌那样有是的预算
have the budgets:有是的预算
at the intersection of dark glamor and casual fly.
是“暗色迷情”和“偶然飞翔”的结合体
casual fly:偶然飞翔
Why is it important to reboot? What does the red represent?
重新启动为什么那么重要？红色代表什么？
reboot:重新启动
but a playful, mindful brand is a pretty powerful thing.
但一个既有思想深度，又有些玩耍的品牌，是非常有力量的
playful:玩耍
MS: A playful, mindful brand. What is your brand?
斯普尔洛克：一个玩耍，又有思想的品牌。那么你的品牌呢？
playful:玩耍
Are you an up attribute? Are you something that gets the blood flowing?
你是否高调？你会让人血流吗？
blood flowing:血流
with someone as mindful and as playful as myself
既有思想又玩耍的人合作
playful:玩耍
and shipping food all over the place was a ridiculous notion.
同时往其他地方运输食品是一个很可笑的想法。
ridiculous:可笑
Eating ethnic was unheard of unless you were ethnic.
饮食文化更是不听见。
unheard:不听见
Home cooking remained the norm, but its quality was down the tubes.
家庭烹饪还是常态，但是质量却与往日是倒下是的管子。
was down the tubes:是倒下是的管子
It would seem absurd, but that's exactly what should happen,
尽管这看起来很荒唐，但这却确切地是现在应该发生的事，
exactly:确切地
Or is it possible to find something a little bit more inspiring to work towards?
还是有可能找到一些更加令人鼓舞的目标来为之奋斗？
inspiring:令人鼓舞
Forms of organization can have a profound impact on human nature.
组织机构的不同形式可对人类本质产生深远影响。
a profound impact:深远影响
We are very ignorant about what the time scale for these things are,
虽然我们对这些技术何时面世无知，
ignorant:无知
But we are just literally deaf to that kind of value.
但我们对那种价值就是聋人。
deaf:聋人
being able to go slow when you need to do that, and to speed up.
能够根据需要，或放慢速度或速度高。
speed up:速度高
And it would have "hand" in that it would be greatly crafted.
它要有手，这样它就会是非常制造的的。
greatly crafted:非常制造的
you can back off and just do a few things,
你可以背面取消，做些简单的折叠
back off:背面取消
makes you feel happy as you are working at it.
使自己快乐
happy:快乐
they didn't have anything, but they had an idea.
可谓没有有任何事情 但是他们有一个理念
didn't have anything:没有有任何事情
We are now going through an amazing and unprecedented moment
我们现在正在经历着一个惊人的,史无前例的时刻
unprecedented:史无前例
or young men, just like it had always been.
或者青年，它有永远是的。
it had always been:它有永远是的
and they replaced it with a new anatomical concept,
他们用一种新的解剖上的概念替换
replaced:替换
And I thought, "Well that's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
我想“恩……这是我听过的最让我最愚蠢的问题
dumbest:最愚蠢
and more attentive to taking care of the vulnerable.
并且更加注意关心那些是的易受伤害
the vulnerable:是的易受伤害
They said, get me a tutor in what I suck at.
但他们说，给我请一个家教来弥补我的什么?我吸毒在
what I suck at:什么?我吸毒在
and we decide to stand up and do it.
就会站立高，开始动手
stand up:站立高
So this thing right here is freaking me out.
所以在我面前的这个玩意让我疯狂我出去呀
freaking me out:疯狂我出去
I was going door to door in the neighborhood to collect coat hangers
其实我是在门到门地收集晾衣架
door to door:门到门
And I learned that you could actually negotiate with people.
我也学到你其实可以和别人谈判
negotiate:谈判
selling license plate protectors door to door to houses.
门到门地售卖汽车牌照框
door to door:门到门
[Or perhaps they didn't own anything except for ...]
（或许他们没有自有任何事情除了...）
didn't own anything:没有自有任何事情
So what do you do when you feel overwhelmed?
好了 看到问题 心中有想法 却感觉被压倒 怎么办
feel overwhelmed:感觉被压倒
all kinds of trends get born right on our front page.
和潮流从我们的首页开始获得出生右。
get born right:获得出生右
who were just really interested and really caught up in this great meme,
只是对这个热闹感兴趣并且被捕高。
caught up:被捕高
It's okay to take yourself a little less seriously,
不把自己太很认真也没什么大不了。
seriously:很认真
and they made a bit of a fuss about it.
并且他们对此有点惊慌关于。
fuss about:惊慌关于
The future, as we know it, is very unpredictable.
众所周知，未来是不可预料的。
unpredictable:不可预料
those that are left out, those that feel angry,
对那些感到自己被排除在全球化之外，感觉生气，
feel angry:感觉生气
It will become virulent and it's something we have to build resilience against.
情况会变得更加要命，建立弹性机制加以应对是的某事我们有到。
it's something we have to:是的某事我们有到
There have been huge leaps. There will be a million-fold improvement
科技领域发生着巨大的跳跃的变化。到2030年的时候，
huge leaps:巨大的跳跃
in a new way, and come together as a community
来吧一起如社区，
come together as a community:来吧一起如社区
How do we think about complex systems in new ways?
我们怎样才能用新的方法思考复杂的系统、机制呢？
complex:复杂
The rest of our lives will be in the future. We need to prepare for it now.
我们要准备为它。
prepare for it:准备为它
most of us are walking around with these mobile devices
很多人和这些移动设备步行四周与
walking around with:步行四周与
and I tweet it, or I tell five people standing next to me, news travels.
我把它发布在Tweeter上，或我告诉身边的五个人，新闻旅行
news travels:新闻旅行
and when we look at ways that we can really be generous
想做到慷慨
generous:慷慨
But they were very transparent, or they had to be,
但他们公布了一切，或许有到是
had to be:有到是
some are a bit high for that, I agree --
是有人挺是比特高，我知道，
are a bit high:是比特高
SW: Yeah. It can get a bird like Einstein frustrated.
斯蒂芬尼.怀特：会使爱因斯坦这样的鸟感觉沮丧。
frustrated:沮丧
SW: You are very special. What would you like to say
斯蒂芬尼.怀特：你是特别。你想说什么
special:特别
It spread almost entirely through word of mouth, virally,
它的传播完全通过词语的口,病毒性
word of mouth, virally:词语的口,病毒性
which was to wait until late in the evening
就是等到迟到在是的晚上时，
late in the evening:迟到在是的晚上
Fight-or-flight fear sweat, because I tried ballroom dancing in college --
戰鬥还是逃之夭夭？我在大学时试过交谊舞
Fight:戰鬥
Fight-or-flight fear sweat, because I tried ballroom dancing in college --
挺身而出还是飞行？我在大学时试过交谊舞
flight:飞行
So I did my best. I didn't know where to put my hands.
于是我是的我的最好的，但我连手放哪儿都不知道。
did my best:是的我的最好的
but it's between the party of the thoughtful and the party of the jerks.
而实际上是在一群有思想的人的人和一群愚蠢的人之间的。
thoughtful:有思想的人
as a core principle of the community that's completely not debatable.
作为一个社区的核心原则是完全可争辩的的。
debatable:可争辩的
are from a very close-knit community of maybe 600 to 1,000 people
是来自于一个大约600到1,000人的非常密接的的团队
close-knit:密接的
intense motivation and the willingness to risk it all
强烈的干劲，和想要意愿地
willingness:意愿
Like hunger and thirst, it's almost impossible to stamp out."
饥饿，不能熄灭。”
hunger:饥饿
and a perfectly horrible addiction when it's going poorly.
爱若苦涩，人们深陷其中，可怕成瘾。
horrible addiction:可怕成瘾
your willingness to take enormous risks to win this person.
愿接受巨大的风险以赢得他的爱。
take enormous risks:接受巨大的风险
Your childhood certainly plays a role, but nobody knows how.
而童年的经历也会影响人们的爱情，但如何作用却没有人知道。
nobody knows:没有人知道
? How can my dreams be so vivid ?
我们的梦怎么会这样生动
vivid:生动
It's a "feel the fear and do it anyway" kind of thing.
这是种“感觉是的恐惧但是还是迎头而上”的事。
feel the fear:感觉是的恐惧
That ancient dream that had always eluded the alchemists
那个古代炼金术师们为之梦的梦想
dream:梦
Now, these aren't the only pair in the world.
这副眼镜不是是的只有的
the only:是的只有
? Lying on your back, you're asking why ?
?静静躺着，询问为什么??
asking why:询问为什么?
and I was dizzy; I thought I had vertigo.
我感觉眼冒金星；眩晕
dizzy:眩晕
and the leopard seal doesn't know it's kind of big and monstrous.
正如豹海豹也不知道它是大及可怕的
big and monstrous:大及可怕的
You don't want to be too anthropomorphic, but I swear that she looked at me
我不想也人类形态，但是，我发誓它看我的眼神
too anthropomorphic:也人类形态
and as it almost did in 2000, we comfort ourselves.
就像在2000年一样﹐我们舒适自己
comfort ourselves:舒适自己
So they are able to do it in that sense.
因此他们在那感觉可以做那些（派遣任务）
in that sense:在那感觉
That's what fascinates them. That's why they do what they do.
这令他们引人注目他们；这也是他们创造的原动力。
fascinates them:引人注目他们
We made it, and we were connected to it that way.
我们创造了它，就这样我们与它是连接。
were connected:是连接
and the word was actually used differently from the way we think of it.
而且这个词汇实际上和我们设想的方式是不同的。
differently:不同
but she doesn't get black and blue, because she has sprezzatura.
但是因为sprezzatura，她不是获得黑及蓝色。
doesn't get black and blue:不是获得黑及蓝色
because, like sunglasses, it conceals and reveals at the same time.
因为，就像太阳镜一样，它在遮掩的同时也揭示。
reveals:揭示
It has that sense of going up and away,
那种去高及离开的感觉，
going up and away:去高及离开
I could do a whole talk on "The Matrix" and glamour.
我可以就这个话题做全说话
do a whole talk:做全说话
It's going to be a stretch to do it for nine.
换作90亿人那真是是拉伸了。
be a stretch:是拉伸
And her friend drinks the coffee, and is fine.
朋友喝了这玩意后呢，好的
fine:好的
remain the same. They say she deserves no blame.
的判断是的同样的。他们认为她不应该受到惩罚
the same:是的同样的
It was as if I was living in a stagnant pool
我就好像生活在停滞池塘池塘里
a stagnant pool:停滞池塘
and of course, my little boy knew the book inside out, so we would quarrel.
当然，我的小儿子对这本书知道是的书里面出去，所以我们就会争起来。
knew the book inside out:知道是的书里面出去
But thankfully, there is a backlash there in parenting as well,
但也幸运的是，也有一些父母在反思，
thankfully:幸运的是
how do we discover what is really particular about a project?
我们怎么能真正让一件工程变得特别？
particular:特别
a visceral anxiety in the bellies of many a Western soul,
它都使很多西方人焦虑，
anxiety:焦虑
My name is Kailash. And I like to enrich lives
我叫Kailash，我喜欢丰富的生活
enrich:丰富
and they give you more, and gradually it builds.
当他们积极回应 音乐就它建筑物了
it builds:它建筑物
Because this dragonfly has a rather amazing story to tell.
因为这种蜻蜓有一个令人惊奇的故事。
amazing:令人惊奇
could have so many really amazing ideas about things we'd like to do,
对于自己喜欢的事情总有那么许多的好想法
so many:那么许多
they allow us to reinvent ourselves and they contain anything
它们让我们重生自我，它们包含任何事情
contain anything:包含任何事情
And so of course, radically unlike the real world,
当然，与真实世界彻底地不同的是
radically unlike:彻底地不同
when they're enabled to do anything they want is pretty amazing.
规模之庞大令人很漂亮令人惊奇
pretty amazing:很漂亮令人惊奇
The last big thought is that it is almost certainly true
最后一个主要的想法：几乎当然真的
certainly true:当然真
They tend to be creative. They tend to be entrepreneurial.
他们是富有创造力的。他们是具有企业家式的企业家精神的
entrepreneurial:企业家精神
to be creative and entrepreneurial -- is going to drive energy
创造性和企业家精神——将以对网络同样的方式
entrepreneurial:企业家精神
there is definitely going to be a sea change,
海改变的变化必将出现
a sea change:海改变
and that change is going to be intensely disruptive
这个变化是强烈地破坏性的
intensely disruptive:强烈地破坏性
Well, that would be fine if it was just a secondary preoccupation in life.
当然，如果幸福不是生活中最令人忧虑的，模糊倒也无所谓。
preoccupation:忧虑
although we seek happiness, it seems we turn our back to it.
在寻找幸福而事实上却似乎是转动我们的背面，
turn our back:转动我们的背面
When you are surfing on the top, you are all elated.
当你在浪尖上时，你高兴。
elated:高兴
But there's also wicked joy, you can rejoice in someone's suffering.
但也存在着病态的高兴--那就是邪恶喜悦。
wicked joy:邪恶喜悦
if from the distance, without anyone knowing anything about it,
没有任何人知道任何事情关于它地做些好事，
without anyone knowing anything about it:没有任何人知道任何事情关于它
Each time it goes to the object, it reinforces that obsession or that annoyance.
越想就越强化那迷恋。
reinforces that obsession:强化那迷恋
And, at the end, although it may rise, it will just cross the mind,
到最后，即时偶尔出现愤怒的情绪，也只会只是十字架是的思绪，
just cross the mind:只是十字架是的思绪
to happiness, to express, and curiosity and so forth.
更乐观，更善表达，好奇更强因而更进步。
curiosity:好奇
thinking that that bang is just going to be just a small event like a shooting star,
他们觉得炸弹的爆炸只不过如同流星射击星，
a shooting star:射击星
It's easy to dismiss this as the perhaps well-intentioned
我们很容易对这个结果解雇，
dismiss:解雇
And we all know in our heart of hearts
并且我们在我们的心的心都知道
in our heart of hearts:在我们的心的心
I hope you agree that this is a powerful story.
我希望你认同这是一个强大的的故事。
powerful:强大的
And they get overwhelmed and the just don't join.
他们被压倒，所以也就不了了之了
overwhelmed:被压倒
I used to talk about subtext, and my agent came to me,
我当时和人们谈论“副文本”，于是我的代理人对我说，
subtext:副文本
We need groups to work together that never have.
我们需要永远有的集团与集团之间的合作。
never have:永远有
Suffice it to say for now that I prefer my Wikipedia
够了它到说，目前我更喜欢我的维基百科
Suffice it to say:够了它到说
I don't know. Maybe they think that, uh, killers don't plan ahead?
我不知道，可能是因为他们认识杀手不会计划前面？
plan ahead:计划前面
Amazing how many successful couch surfings there have been.
很惊人，有那么多人通过CouchSurfing联系在一起
Amazing:惊人
And I knew a little economics by then --
当时，我对经济学也知道很小。
knew a little:知道很小
For instance, the Internet was booming in the U.S.
比如，互联网在美国发展得隆隆，
booming:隆隆
I used to be in the upper quarter of all courses I attended.
我曾在所有课程中都在是的上层四分之一。
in the upper quarter:在是的上层四分之一
But in St. John's, I was in the lower quarter.
但在圣约翰时，我却在是的更低四分之一了。
in the lower quarter:在是的更低四分之一
And here they march on. And will they catch up?
他们游行上。可是能迎头赶上么？
march on:游行上
And here they march on. And will they catch up?
他们齐头并进。可是能捕获高么？
catch up:捕获高
When will it catch up? I have to go back to very conventional graph.
但两国何时能捕获高？我们必须使用传统图表。
catch up:捕获高
They seem to go in a more humble growth way, you know.
反而是谦卑的。
humble:谦卑
This is an amazing picture from a Czech photographer named Jack Hedley.
这张令人令人惊奇的照片是捷克摄影师杰克.海德里的作品
amazing:令人惊奇
Nanotechnology, nanoparticles, you hear a lot of worry about this.
关于纳米科技、纳米粒子，各种忧虑很多的
a lot of:很多的
the ABC campaign -- they decreased their prevalence in the 1990s
被称为ABC准则。在九十年代它们减少了艾滋病的传播
decreased:减少
but they're very, very different than what UNAIDS tells us the prevalences are.
却与联合国艾滋病联合工作组提供的数据非常不同
very different:非常不同
if I, like -- so I've just sort of been naturally honest
如果我（撒谎的话可不妙）— 所以自然地我又诚实
naturally:自然
I feel an obligation to animate and humanize these spaces continually
更觉得背负着感觉一个义务地给这些地方注入人性与活力的责任，
feel an obligation:感觉一个义务
we are, both literally and metaphorically, skating on thin ice
我们无论在实际上或隐喻上，都是滑冰上瘦冰
skating on thin ice:滑冰上瘦冰
And governments do very well. They pat themselves on the back.
政府也帮了不少忙，他们拍拍他们自己上是的背面
pat themselves on the back:拍拍他们自己上是的背面
the concept of the selfish gene gets kicked up a level,
自利基因的概念会成为得到踢高
gets kicked up:得到踢高
but the end result of what I'm doing is really completely ambiguous.
但做出的结果往往含糊的
ambiguous:含糊的
and lay the code out for everyone to see.
把它们摸透，然后用沉睡是的代码出去的方式呈献给每一个人。
lay the code out:沉睡是的代码出去
As you know, it's not going to turn out well.
跟你预计的一样，转动出去好的。
turn out well:转动出去好的
These are whole-hearted people, living from this deep sense of worthiness.
这是一群诚挚的，靠着一种强烈的自我价值感在生活的人们。
whole-hearted:诚挚的
my little frantic seven year-old brain could think to do to avert this tragedy.
一个疯狂的七岁小孩唯一能想到的事，来扭转悲剧
frantic:疯狂
sort of wheel-and-deal, move up in the design world, whatever.
有点轮盘交易 呆头呆脑地在设计路上前进 随便了
wheel-and-deal:轮盘交易
and I can sort of watch it flip around.
我就可以看它翻转四周.
flip around:翻转四周
if you happen to exist in an overcrowded school.
假如发生在过度拥挤的学校上学的小孩身上，这所有数据还得更高。
overcrowded:过度拥挤
but ultimately, six hours a day, five days a week
但最后，每天6小时，每周五天，
ultimately:最后
that, I don't know about you, but I really enjoy spending time in.
不知道各位怎么想，但我真的是享受
enjoy:享受
just moments after the wheels got off the ground for the first time.
就是飞机有取消后的瞬间
got off:有取消
while making the world a smaller, more accessible place.
让世界更小更可以访问的
accessible:可以访问的
They are absolutely disgusting and they're good for nothing."
这些土豆令人厌恶，而且毫无用处。”
disgusting:令人厌恶
where the prohibition against visible displays of wealth was so great,
当时抵制物质上的可视财富的运动伟大的，
great:伟大的
if you have creatures that vary, and that can't be doubted --
如果你看到生物变异，那是不能是怀疑的--
can't be doubted:不能是怀疑
that's the shorthand for, if they can get copied, they will.
就是是的短语地被复制。
the shorthand:是的短语
a few apples who are capable of doing these things,
苹果才能犯下的例子
apples:苹果
Now, it wasn't as if there was a few bad apples --
不是有几个坏苹果 --
bad apples:坏苹果
And they clearly cheated in a very, very serious way.
只知道他很明显欺骗的作弊
clearly cheated:很明显欺骗
turns off the gas tap, because my budget goes up.
轮流取消是的气体敲门的人，因为（他如果真的这么做的话）我的预算就会增加。
turns off the gas tap:轮流取消是的气体敲门
And as we try to lift billions of people out of poverty
当我们正试到地帮助
try to:试到
But there is a catch. Of course there is always a catch in these cases.
但这其中却是捕获，当然了，这么好的事情的背后总是捕获。
a catch:捕获
But there is a catch. Of course there is always a catch in these cases.
但这其中却是捕获，当然了，这么好的事情的背后总是捕获。
a catch:捕获
And sorry about that, but this is what turns me on.
还望大家包涵，因为这些东西着实让我轮流我上。
turns me on:轮流我上
But we can't abandon it now; we have to push forward,
但我们不能就此而放弃，我们应该推向前，
push forward:推向前
is, how do you stand out in this chaos,
就是，你如何在这混乱中站立出去
stand out:站立出去
It all of a sudden dawned on me, in this project,
我黎明上地意识到
dawned on:黎明上
and race and so on. I won't comment on that.
才把它插进来。对此我不会的评论上那。
won't comment on that:不会的评论上那
and we go about the business of animal husbandry.
开始去关于些畜牧的事
go about:去关于
So, I do something now I've never ever done on a "Dirty Jobs" shoot, ever.
在那个时候，我做了一件我在节目上从来没有做过的事，永远永远
never ever:永远永远
he's been sleeping with and having babies with is his mother. OK.
他睡着与和生儿育女的 - 是他亲娘。很好。
sleeping with:睡着与
and I've been having them, over 200 dirty jobs, I have them all the time,
我已经做了，大概两百个肮脏工作，我一天到晚都意识到一些新东西
dirty jobs:肮脏工作
but that one -- that one drilled something home in a way that I just wasn't prepared for.
但这一项 - 这项钻井，在我丝毫没有思考准备的时候
drilled:钻井
And, after that shoot, Dirty Jobs really didn't change,
在那次拍摄后，”干尽肮脏工作“基本上没有改变
Dirty Jobs:肮脏工作
I mean -- this is heresy, what I'm about to say --
我说的这完全是异端，当然
heresy:异端
I could talk at length about the many little distinctions we made
我可以说话在长度地谈论所有这些我们创造的小区别
talk at length:说话在长度
We try hard on "Dirty Jobs" not to do that,
在”干尽肮脏工作“中我们尽量不这么做
Dirty Jobs:肮脏工作
but we're going to do as many as we can.
但我们会做如许多如我们可以到我们所能做的
do as many as we can:做如许多如我们可以
like that poor little lamb, who I hope isn't quivering anymore,
像那可怜的小羊，我希望它不再颤抖了
quivering:颤抖
he made it very clear that he was not interested in intervening broadly in the world.
非常清楚地表明过他没有兴趣过多地干涉世界上的事情。
very clear:非常清楚
There are a wide range of different things that Islam can mean.
对于伊斯兰教的理解可以是宽范围的不同。
a wide range of different:宽范围的不同
Fear is not an implausible reaction with a war just around the corner
如果战争在不可思议之际，恐惧并非一种不可思议的反应
implausible:不可思议
are themselves compatible with liberty, equality and free political choice.
这和自由，平等以及自由政治选举本身上是平等的。
equality:平等
And they're making this argument wherever they're permitted to make it.
只要情况允许，他们总会做它的宣传这种观点。
make it:做它
the president has been very, very good about saying that Islam is not the enemy,
总统已经对如何声明伊斯兰教不是敌人非常好的关于，
very good about:非常好的关于
And these are two of the penguins' main breeding islands.
而这两个岛正是企鹅们繁殖的主要据点。
breeding:繁殖
I said that to Bill Moyers, and he said, "Oh, we take anybody."
我跟比尔.莫耶斯说到这些时，他说：“哦，我们接受任何人。”（笑声）
take anybody:接受任何人
And while I found I knew nothing about these faiths at all --
我发现我对这两个宗教的信仰知道没什么，
knew nothing:知道没什么
into public life, in a way that I'd never imagined, I've been able to sort of go all over the world,
推向公众视野，这是我永远想象的的。我也有机会到世界各地走走，
never imagined:永远想象的
And as I say, there is a hunger for change out there.
如我所说，人们对变革的渴望饥饿。
a hunger:饥饿
And then Achilles takes the body of Hector, he hands it very tenderly to the father,
于是阿喀琉斯拿出赫克托的尸体，非常温柔地的递给老国王，
very tenderly:非常温柔地
Socrates, a man wise enough to know that he knows nothing.
苏格拉底，一个知道自己知道没什么的智者
knows nothing:知道没什么
He learns his whys and wherefores, his causes and correlations,
他去理解他的何所来何所去，他的原因及相关性
causes and correlations:原因及相关性
You become whatever it is that will freeze you, numb you
那些让你冻结你、让你麻木
freeze you:冻结你
It gets easier to lock them up, force them to be naked, humiliate them,
把他们关起来、逼他们裸体、羞辱他们
naked:裸体
she was detested, she was completely slandered in her community.
被人们仇视，在她的社区中是完全诽谤
was completely slandered:是完全诽谤
Real security is contemplating death, not pretending it doesn't exist.
真正的安全状态不是对死亡思索，而是对它进行思考
contemplating:思索
to tolerate mystery, complexity, ambiguity, but hungering for them
包容离奇复杂和模糊性的事物，还要渴望它们
ambiguity:模糊性
that's just slightly different from the one that she left,
这和她离开的那个略微不同
slightly different:略微不同
so that we can grow up to blow you away.
这样他们才能成长并让你吹你离开。
blow you away:吹你离开
And so students like myself with nothing to do,
于是像我这样与没什么到做的学生就会
with nothing to do:与没什么到做
or nights I have gone without sleep to finish the next level.
也不是因为无数个夜晚里为了通关而没有睡
without sleep:没有睡
on a vast number of loyal participants is frightening to me.
实在有点让我可怕
frightening:可怕
of what seem to be complexity in our world.
复杂性的复杂
complexity:复杂性
at any given moment. It's also very flexible architecture.
Seadragon同时也是一个非常柔性的架构。
very flexible:非常柔性
are going to being to seem a little secondary.
那时看来将变得很小次级。
a little secondary:很小次级
You know it's 2003, and there is no HAL.
然而现在已经是2003年了，HAL仍不HAL。
no HAL:不HAL
and all these things that are occurring, it's really interesting
在发生的新事物中，有意思的是
occurring:发生
We're going to save lives, but there's going to be a cost to it.
我们要拯救生命，但要是成本到它。
be a cost to it:是成本到它
We can easily go back to the hydrogen sulfide world.
要回到那个充满硫化氢的世界很容易。
easily:很容易
You need a place where people can come together,
需要一个地方，可以让大家来吧一起，
come together:来吧一起
don't keep your nose up in the air like that.
不要再那样保持你的鼻高。
keep your nose up:保持你的鼻高
And no matter how many land mines erupt in a minute,
不管有多少地雷爆炸在分钟，
erupt in a minute:爆炸在分钟
"Baby," I'll tell her, "remember, your momma is a worrier,
我会告诉她“宝贝儿，记住，你妈妈是个忧虑者，
a worrier:忧虑
and you are the girl with small hands and big eyes
你是一个有着小的双手，又有双大眼睛的女孩，
small:小
for the way your eyes refuse to stop shining.
不能让你双眼闪烁的事而道歉。
shining:闪烁
this giant girl in a hoodie sweatshirt emerge from the crowd.
这个从观众群中出现穿着连帽运动衫的高大女孩。
emerge:出现
that I learned that spoken word poetry didn't have to be indignant,
从中我了解到口语诗不是要愤怒，
indignant:愤怒
to fight their instincts to be cool and unfazed
与他们自身本能要扮酷和无动于衷做挑战，
unfazed:无动于衷
When I was born, my mom says I looked around the whole hospital room
当我出生时，我妈妈说我看四周整个病房
looked around:看四周
an out-of-body experience and a deer caught in the headlights,
他就会有类似魂魄出窍和鹿的怯场，
a deer:鹿
In the face of poor political judgment or political inaction,
面对糟糕的政治判断或政治上穷人，
poor:穷人
When the story was published, unsolicited donations poured in.
当这个报道发表后，主动捐款注水在。
poured in:注水在
I look at this picture and I say, "Thank God"
而我看到这图片，会说“谢谢上帝”
Thank God:谢谢上帝
You can't cure or prevent what you don't know is there.
要知道，医生只有当他知道事实上生了什么病，他才能治愈或防止
cure or prevent:治愈或防止
Instead of famine, hidden until it is too late, we detect it, and we respond.
不是看着饥荒隐藏，我们发现它并采取反应
hidden:隐藏
as something that's working against us, this other thing,
一直与我们的愿望反对，
against:反对
and they are destitute, like these young men in the image.
而且他们穷人，好比相片中的这些年轻人
destitute:穷人
with smiles, and AK-47s at the ready, of course.
与微笑，当然，手握上膛的AK-47
with smiles:与微笑
and stoned them, by hundreds of people all over the place.
几百人从所有以上是的地点向着消防车扔石头
all over the place:所有以上是的地点
CA: It's a soft crowd, Julian, a soft crowd.
CA：他们柔软人群，Julian
a soft crowd:柔软人群
I mean it's an intriguing story that's just happened, right?
这是个相当引人注目的故事，刚发生，对吧？
intriguing:引人注目
a competing oil firm just sort of playing the issue up.
这是竞争对手的石油公司玩是的问题高
playing the issue up:玩是的问题高
like out of a movie: injunction landed on the news desk,
就像电影里的情节，禁令登陆
landed:登陆
and I soon found that indoor air pollutants were the culprit.
我很快发现室内空气污染物是是的罪犯
the culprit:是的罪犯
or the amount of air that she can breathe out in one breath.
或者说是她在一个呼吸所呼出的空气量
in one breath:在一个呼吸
And this report really drives home the crux of my research.
这个报告真的的促进了我研究中的症结
really:真的
And also these very life-like, intrinsically painted silicone legs.
这些如生命的喷漆硅胶义肢
life-like:如生命
This is where it really hit home for me --
这部影片真是击中
hit:击中
And in its place, we'd have the opposite of read-write culture,
在它的地点的是与“读写文化”相反的，
in its place:在它的地点
where the vocal chords of the millions have been lost.
人们遗失了声带，是的口音弦乐器的是的数百万的文化
the vocal chords of the millions:是的口音弦乐器的是的数百万
called Broadcast Music Inc. We know it as BMI.
音乐广播公司，就是知道的BMI
know:知道
and distributing it without the permission of the copyright owner.
没有是的允许就到处散播的行为
without the permission:没有是的允许
and believes that the law is nothing more than an ass
认为版权法只是个没什么更多比一个屁股的愚蠢障碍
nothing more than an ass:没什么更多比一个屁股
I'm supposed to scare you, because it's about fear, right?
我要开始吓人了
scare:吓人
And this is the single most exciting adventure that we have ever been on.
这项研究将给我们带来有永远是的的振奋
have ever been:有永远是的
can make a significant difference. Take a simple declarative sentence.
也能造成整句话意思重要不同，以这句为例
significant difference:重要不同
and it's all getting very fragmented. And this has not stopped.
变得获得非常断裂，但同样的故事仍然在上演
getting very fragmented:获得非常断裂
So they get tired, has come dark and rain; they get weary and tired.
他们很累，天黑了还下着雨；他们获得疲倦。
get tired:获得疲倦
Jack say, "Me, Mama-san, could we spend the night here?
Jackson Lee Mama 说：“我们能在这花钱是的夜在这儿吗？”
spend the night here:花钱是的夜在这儿
But also, most importantly, all the invisible people behind TED
但是，最重要的是这些幕后的无形的人们，
invisible:无形
that have made sort of this space for such a diverse and robust conversation.
正是这样才使得这个地方有着如此多样性、精力充沛的谈话。
diverse:多样性
"I've read 'Gone with the Wind' and so I know everything about America."
“我已经读了《飘》，因此我对美国知道一切。”
know everything:知道一切
I encountered in prison, and I had no language for it.
我在监狱里面对的情况。那种情况真是让我有不语言为它。
had no language for it:有不语言为它
Idris Elba is poised in a scene with his machete raised,
伊迪里斯.厄尔巴在一幕中是已准备好举起弯刀,
is poised:是已准备好
So I know it may sound like tough love,
不耐烦爱
tough love:不耐烦爱
And we're not all going to become facial expression experts overnight here,
我们不可能一夜之间成为表情专家
overnight:一夜之间
get out of that very comfortable mode of knowing,
从舒适模式的状态走出来
comfortable mode:舒适模式
But you've got to ask yourself in the meantime:
但与此同时 你们必须问自己
ask yourself:问自己
And actually, this is, to me, how I can come up with great ideas.
事实上对我来说，这就是为何我能有伟大的想法。
great ideas:伟大的想法
intentfully try to make something that seems like it's alive.
一门心思努力使之活著。
alive:活著
And so I just -- I hope we all dream well.
所以我只是——我希望我们都梦好的。
dream well:梦好的
"We're trying to deliver condoms to people or vaccinations,"
“我们在试着到普及安全套和各种疫苗，”
trying to:试着到
And they don't just guess what makes people happy;
他们不是猜猜什么能让人幸福开怀，
guess:猜猜
? In the streets our heads are lifted ?
?在是的街道，我们抬头仰望?
In the streets:在是的街道
Well on September 4th, there was a huge mop-up campaign,
到了9月14号，一场修剪竞选开始了。
mop-up campaign:修剪竞选
So by next summer, we're sighted to run out of money on polio.
这样，到了明年夏天，治疗这个病的经费就跑出去了。
run out:跑出去
Fishermen knew about these things; they caught them, and they depleted them.
渔民知道这些。他们把鱼耗尽。
depleted:耗尽
DG: I think that's one of the greatest stories right now
大卫：现在我们要讲一个最最伟大的的故事
greatest:最伟大的
we can have everything we're looking for in terms of patient problem solving.
我们可以解决处理所有需耐心解决的问题。
solving:解决
and let those more specific questions come out in conversation;
让那些更细，更具体的问题随着交谈来吧出去，
come out:来吧出去
And finally, they have a different model of scale,
最后它们采用一种不同的推广模式
different:不同
which need radicalism of a kind that we haven't imagined.
那里需要没有想象的的革新性想法
haven't imagined:没有想象的
But what does this mean when we have no context for what it is that we're working on,
但是当我们对于所做的工作，上下文及其背景不了解的时候，
context:上下文
this creative process of trying to come up with something from nothing.
这个创造的过程，是来吧高与某事从没什么。
come up with something from nothing:来吧高与某事从没什么
It's about your own interpretation and doing something different."
而是关于你对羊的认识，不同的看法。”
different:不同
that I normally end up weeping into a pillow.
令我沮丧的只想哭泣进入枕头
weeping into a pillow:哭泣进入枕头
We're told, from many sources, that anyone can achieve anything.
这个世界用许多方法告诉我们 我们任何人可以成就任何事情
anyone can achieve anything:任何人可以成就任何事情
a real correlation between a society that tells people that they can do anything
一个告诉人们他们可以做任何事情的社会
can do anything:可以做任何事情
about our careers, about our status in the world today, than ever before.
对我们在世上的地位感到比永远之前的焦虑
than ever before:比永远之前
you will get to the top. Nothing should hold you back.
你就会获得到是的顶部，没有什么能阻止你
get to the top:获得到是的顶部
literally, somebody who had not been blessed by fortune, an unfortunate.
直接地说，那些不被财富眷顾的人，不幸的人
fortune:财富
But I think it's insane to believe that we will ever
但我认为一个永远以能力取决地位的社会
ever:永远
accidents of things dropping on people's heads, illnesses, etc.
疾病，降落的意外等等
dropping:降落
In other words, hold your horses when you're coming to judge people.
换句话说，最好在你开口评论他人之前保持你的马
hold your horses:保持你的马
So I told them about Othello. They had not heard of it but were fascinated by it.
我谈到他们从未耳闻的《奥赛罗》，他们是迷恋
were fascinated:是迷恋
And they wrote "Shopaholic Adulteress Swallows Arsenic After Credit Fraud."
写道“ Shopholic购物狂信用欺诈，出墙妇女吞砒霜”
Shopaholic:Shopholic
We've put people on the moon. We've done all sorts of extraordinary things.
我们把人送上月球，达成了许多不可思议的事
extraordinary:不可思议
It's not going to feel this good all the way across.
不会让你所有是的路面越过都感觉良好。
all the way across:所有是的路面越过
and went for a long series of odd jobs.
去做了一堆奇特的工作。
odd:奇特
and against all odds, they make it to heavens.
克服所有 odds后，去到了天堂。
all odds:所有 odds
with the triviality of the people on the spaceship,
和太空船上那些人做的微不足道的事比较
triviality:微不足道
of the impact on hospital clinic resources is profound
无线医疗设备对医院临床资源有着深远
profound:深远
it turns out it makes a difference if you align the grain.
如果你调整配方，结果确实会使不同
makes a difference:使不同
and functional enough to go out and save the world,
功能性够了的去拯救世界，
functional enough:功能性够了
They were press pieces and they were full of outrage,
我找到的这些文章要么是完全的愤怒，
full of outrage:完全的愤怒
and push enormous parts ... about a billion people in the world, in fact,
这一系列事件把亿的人
a billion:亿
All around the world I've been told an almost identical story.
对，这个故事一个几乎 identicl故事。
an almost identical story:一个几乎 identicl故事
and local economies begin to spiral up very rapidly.
当地的经济也将因此螺旋高非常迅速。
spiral up very rapidly:螺旋高非常迅速
If we don't take action, we just leave ourselves open
我们也许只是离开自己打开，
leave ourselves open:离开自己打开
to try and deal with the mountain of stuff
目的是处理是的山的的电子垃圾
the mountain of:是的山的
is an incredibly powerful one, and one worth thinking about.
有种令人难以置信的力量，它值得每个人为之思考。
incredibly:令人难以置信
under the right conditions, groups can be remarkably intelligent.
在正确的情形下，团体能够充分发挥很明显聪明。
remarkably intelligent:很明显聪明
I said, "Look, you're nuts. That technology's just not available right now.
"你又在坚果了",我说道.
nuts:坚果
I said, "I'll take a field trip, I'll go see what you got."
于是我说道:“那我去看看吧, 俗话说,去看什么?你有”
go see what you got:去看什么?你有
where, as an architecture office, we're for the first of its kind
那里作为一个建筑办公室，是的首先的它的那种地，
the first of its kind:是的首先的它的那种
the world, and the disadvantaged of the world --
这个世界, 以及世界上的是的处于不利地位 --
the disadvantaged:是的处于不利地位
But beyond our compassion, and far greater than compassion,
但有些东西远远超越于同情同情,
compassion:同情
and I think in this room it's easy to use the word brilliant, my God --
我觉得在这间屋子大家都英俊, -- 天啊
brilliant:英俊
the brilliance to succeed at least at the beginning
光辉至少让这些人在追寻成功的路上有着
brilliance:光辉
and with the power of the indomitable human spirit.
带着不屈不挠的人类的精神的力量.
indomitable:不屈不挠
Because the tickle sensation on the palm comes and goes,
因为痒痒的感觉就像是的棕榈到来及去
the palm comes and goes:是的棕榈到来及去
I didn't know what to say. Kleiner's second law is,
我没有知道什么?到说。根据克莱纳·伯金斯Kleiner（美国著名风险投资公司）第二条法则
didn't know what to say:没有知道什么?到说
"There is a time when panic is the appropriate response."
“有时候恐慌才是最恰当的反应”
panic:恐慌
the next big thing, and so Wal-Mart made going green a top priority.
将是大事情。因此，沃尔玛把环保作为首要任务。
big thing:大事情
in a wide range of really disruptive new technologies
在许多破坏性新技术方面的原因，
disruptive:破坏性
the most important transformation for life on the planet since,
为这个星球带来有史以来最变换的变化，
transformation:变换
"Hotel Rwanda" watchers have joined it. It is a cacophonous movement.
卢旺达酒店观察家也加入了进来。这是一个无声的的运动。
cacophonous:无声的
he was like a moth to the flames. Something of an adrenalin junkie.
就像蜜蜂到是的火焰；就像上瘾后被激发的肾上腺素。
a moth to the flames:蜜蜂到是的火焰
but don't bracket what happened before you entered the room.
但是在进入谈判室之前，不要抱着括号的态度。
bracket:括号
At our time in history, these images are out of place.
这些照片与历史上的今天出去的地点。
out of place:出去的地点
have not needed any food aid -- they're self-sufficient.
再没有要求粮食救济，他们已经可以自给自足。
self-sufficient:自给自足
for more than a few minutes, you'd be leaving the room in droves.
过不了几分钟，你们会在驱逐队离开这里。
in droves:在驱逐队
with people leaving shops faster, or just turning around on the door.
人们更快离开商店，或者只是在门口望一望。
faster:更快
my personal view of changes in the sea that affect all of us,
我个人对发生在海洋中那些与我们影响所有的我们的变化的看法
affect all of us:影响所有的我们
asking why we didn't do something on our watch
他们会问我们为什么没有做某事上我们的看
didn't do something on our watch:没有做某事上我们的看
all the things you need to stay alive in space or under the sea.
这一切使你能在太空或海里留住活著的东西
stay alive:留住活著
We need to learn everything we can about it
我们需要我们可以地学习有关她的一切
we can:我们可以
and do everything we can to take care of it.
并做一切我们可以地照顾好她
do everything we can:做一切我们可以
to find and work and act like a hub
让我们工作及行动如中心
work and act like a hub:工作及行动如中心
and try to make not only health a little bit better, but take control of it.
让我们不仅更健康，并且能将其掌握，接受控制的它
take control of it:接受控制的它
Some of them have a very precarious thin footbridge underneath them
有些裂缝的下面就是不稳定的薄天桥
precarious:不稳定
Our intuition is really fooling us in a repeatable, predictable, consistent way.
我们的直觉总是重复地，可预测地，一致地欺骗我们，
consistent:一致
and we find that this toolbox is very extensive.
而且我们发现这个工具箱里广泛
extensive:广泛
That's as it was given to us in all of its clarity and glory.
和我们拿到它时一样的光荣
glory:光荣
They're both exactly the same size and shape to an uncanny degree.
两者完全一样的大小，真是怪异的构造。
uncanny:怪异
When did this happen? We don't know, but it's possible
这何时发生的呢？我们别这样知道，但是
don't know:别这样知道
But that's, again, shooting fish in a barrel, you know, right?
但这又是射击鱼在桶，对吧？
shooting fish in a barrel:射击鱼在桶
OK, so that's the complete model. Now we can actually go to the painting phase.
好啦，完成。然后我们就可以为它涂色了。
complete:完成
I think it's an entirely different kind of point of view, where we're actually mapping,
我认为就是一种完全不同的观点了，我们可以呈现，
entirely different:完全不同
And they might be a nurturing god. They might be boot-strapping life
他们会成为一个一个抚养的上帝。也许会成为星球上自力更生的生命，
nurturing:抚养
And they might be a nurturing god. They might be boot-strapping life
他们会成为一个一个无微不至的上帝。也许会成为星球上 bootstrpping的生命，
boot-strapping:bootstrpping
Salmon swim upstream to get to their spawning grounds,
三文鱼上游而到达卵场
upstream:上游
that tends to make it replicate better than the competition does.
这东西使它在复制的比赛中更好
better:更好
We have an immunity to all of the junk that lies around the edges of our culture.
对自己文化边缘的各种是的垃圾，我们都有免疫
the junk:是的垃圾
We're a free society, so we let pornography and all these things -- we shrug them off.
我们是自由的社会，色情这些东西，我们也耸耸肩他们取消
shrug them off:耸耸肩他们取消
in ways I have never seen in my life.
用这种我一生中永远的方式谈论
never:永远
so you could see at firsthand how utterly extraordinary they are.
你们就能亲眼看到他们是多么不可思议
extraordinary:不可思议
and the unexpected finding indicates that even established headaches,
这一让人不可预料的发明，神奇的让患者的偏头痛减轻或治愈，
unexpected:不可预料
Clicking on that logo takes you to an absolute no-nonsense,
点击该标志，它将带你到一个绝对没有愚蠢，
nonsense:愚蠢
or two years ago, or we were struck by lightning --
或是2年前开始的，或是我们闪电开始做的。
lightning:闪电
And we have a situation today which is incredible.
我们现在的处境就有点不可思议。
incredible:不可思议
And this is again something that people don't believe,
许多人对此也是别这样相信，
don't believe:别这样相信
It's really hard. And so it's certainly the hard road.
这非常难。因此这条路充满很困难。
hard:很困难
in the beginning -- for thousands and thousands of years,
从一开始， 经历了数千及数千年，
thousands and thousands:数千及数千
this wonderful woman is teaching you how to chop Sun Chips.
这位美妙的女士正在教授如何切削太阳能芯片。
wonderful:美妙
that I couldn't just go have fun doing science and exploration.
我不能单纯地有趣做科学研究和探险，
fun:有趣
who no longer have a home on the planet?
不更长有家时，我们该做什么？
no longer have a home:不更长有家
So I said, "Okay, I'm happy to buy lunch.
于是我说，“没问题，我快乐。
happy:快乐
if it's going to go away after I'm voted out of office."
我一离开就去离开。
go away:去离开
So we had very strong leadership, very good vision
这样，我们拥有了强有力的领导团队，非常好的视觉，
very good vision:非常好的视觉
but now it appeared to be dead, at least in the coral areas.
突然间它却是死亡，至少珊瑚成了这样。
be dead:是死亡
so he's trying to get them to stop updating.
于是便试着到阻止其更新。
trying to:试着到
Number one, we have a thing within Islam that you don't leave a boy and a girl alone together,
第一，伊斯兰世界不允许男孩及女孩独身单独相处，
a boy and a girl alone:男孩及女孩独身
because the third person is temptation or the devil, right?
因为诱惑或者魔鬼可能会诱惑或是的恶魔，对吧。
temptation or the devil:诱惑或是的恶魔
So I promised my investors this would not be another made-in-fifth-world-country production.
我向投资人承诺这部漫画决不是第五个世界国家的产品。
made-in-fifth-world-country:第五个世界国家
kind of flying out of what was happening around the world.
在纷繁的世事中飞行出去。
flying out:飞行出去
an "absolutely repulsive smell," which is good. Reminiscent of hydrogen sulfide.
意思就是“绝对厌恶性的味道” 很好 让人想起硫化氢
repulsive:厌恶性
that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become.
引力让这个视频大受欢迎。
propel:引力
that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become.
推波助澜让这个视频流行。
popular:流行
with all of the genius assembled in this room.
利用这个屋子里人的天才。
genius:天才
we begin to excavate it extremely carefully and slowly,
我们就开始非常仔细地检查及慢慢地的对它进行挖掘，
carefully and slowly:仔细地检查及慢慢地
chasing prey, probably sweating heavily as they did so.
去追赶猎物，而汗流严重。
sweating heavily:汗流严重
things that had never, ever been seen before in Homo erectus.
这些对于直立猿类来说都是永远,永远的发现。
never, ever:永远,永远
a moderately good vertebrae and half of a pelvis.
一个适度地的脊椎和半个骨盆
moderately:适度地
What do they do, how do you start something like that? I really don't know.
他们怎么做的，如何开始？我别这样知道
don't know:别这样知道
So I kluged this together, I got the Harvey Mudd Engineering Clinic
所以我就只好笨拙这个一起。起初我委托哈维姆德工程院
kluged this together:笨拙这个一起
I'm in that world, but I work purely instinctively.
我属于那个世界，但我全直觉地工作。
instinctively:直觉地
I was going to break into a dance then.
我几乎要舞蹈了起来。
dance:舞蹈
in New York. The Board of Ed. had no idea.
做了一个调查。 教育委员会对此并有不想法。
had no idea:有不想法
is doctors who do just the right amount of procedures
是医生提供右的检查步骤，
right:右
and they know that if they follow these scripts, the kids will learn nothing.
当他们知道用这些教案的话，孩子会学习没什么时，
learn nothing:学习没什么
So here's is a system-changer, and it seems to be catching.
所以这是一个改造系统者，其成果是捕鱼。
be catching:是捕鱼
I know this will come as a shock to all of you --
我知道这会让你们震动，
a shock:震动
and anything that actually refers to things that we are used to,
一切称我们是使用到的东西生命的
are used to:是使用到
Ethiopia didn't just blow my mind; it opened my mind.
埃塞俄比亚不只让我感到震撼，她让我打开我的思绪。
opened my mind:打开我的思绪
This is not about charity. This is about justice.
这不是做慈善，这是关于公正。
about justice:关于公正
Look at the response to the tsunami -- it's inspiring.
看看大家对海啸的回应，那很令人鼓舞。
inspiring:令人鼓舞
"The war against terror is bound up in the war against poverty."
反恐战争和铲除贫困是是束缚高的。
is bound up:是束缚高
And that might be smart in these nervous, dangerous times.
在这紧张，危险的时代，那也许是聪明。
smart:聪明
is very exciting. It's very real. It's very strong.
非常令人兴奋。那很真实，很有力。
exciting:令人兴奋
And that would be a mind-blowing wish to come true.
若那能实现，那会很令人惊奇。
mind-blowing:令人惊奇
And love is not love, but being all shook up.
爱情也不再是爱情，而是变得颤抖高了。
shook up:颤抖高
And pioneering spirit will be each time we allow ourselves
先驱将允许我们
pioneering:先驱
And he ended up writing about a story that even surprised me --
但他后来的纪录片内容让我都惊奇——
surprised:惊奇
And this is not just philosophical, it's already known,
这并不只是哲理性的，已经已经已知，
already known:已经已知
But his --well, the only way I can articulate how it felt was that it precipitated my medical decline.
但是他的死亡--我唯一能表达的感觉是它猛地使我的医疗衰落。
medical decline:医疗衰落
a kind of three-dimensional labyrinth in the air, filled with unknown life.
一个空中三围迷宫，里面充满了未知的生命。
unknown:未知
so that we could reiterate ourselves if we wanted to.
好让我们能希望的到地侧生。
wanted to:希望的到
although it's controversial for a lot of people --
尽管有很多人认为人人都是有争议的
controversial:有争议的
or giving it up, putting their finger in the wind,
有的不管如何，放他们指在是的风，
putting their finger in the wind:放他们指在是的风
TR: So the bottom line is, maybe it was where to go to work,
罗宾：底部线，也许这是‘要到哪里工作’的决定，
bottom line:底部线
Whatever it takes. The fastest way to do this,
人们为变得重要或特别不管怎样它接受。而最快的方法，
Whatever it takes:不管怎样它接受
And it's exciting. When you see Nicholas up here talking about
这很令人兴奋。当你看见尼古拉斯在台上谈论
exciting:令人兴奋
but my father was totally messed up. My mom was letting him know
但我的父亲却混乱高。我的母亲让他知道
messed up:混乱高
then one woman got up and she was so angry and screaming and yelling.
然后一个女人站起来，她很生气的尖叫及喊叫。
screaming and yelling:尖叫及喊叫
And I think one thing we have in common is a very deep need
其中的一个共同点就是我们非常深
very deep:非常深
"I feel like I'm in this fog of depression that I can't get out of."
“我觉得像是在一团郁闷的迷雾中，不能获得出去的。”
can't get out of:不能获得出去的
so that the ones collected on a sunny day
那么那些象征阳光明媚天气的情绪
sunny:阳光明媚
So this project was punctuated by a really amazing event,
有一个非常令人令人惊奇的活动最好地展示了这个项目，
amazing:令人惊奇
and you can do fantastic things with these graphics cards.
这些显卡能完成许多非常棒的事情。
fantastic:非常棒
The kids were amazing: extremely eager and often very bright.
这些孩子们令我令人惊奇：极度渴求（知识），而且经常显露出十分聪颖的一面
amazing:令人惊奇
What about Africa's population? The population isn't out of proportion to its area,
那么非洲的人口呢？人口和面积并非出去的比例，
out of proportion:出去的比例
Well, the new South Africa is a very exciting country.
现在的南非是一个令人兴奋的国家。
exciting:令人兴奋
as you can see they're completely eclipsing me at this point.
日食在这时候他们已经完全把我比下去了。
eclipsing:日食
It's really a network in the literal sense of the word.
这是一个词义的网络，
literal:词义
by a different way of thinking of large human crowds,
角度来思考大人类人群，我会感到很好奇
large human crowds:大人类人群
dancers were challenging each other online to get better;
跳舞者在用网络挑战性每个其他，改进舞蹈的技艺
challenging each other:挑战性每个其他
There's probably going to be some innovation happening here.
这里面一定会有创新发生
happening:发生
It's by giving away what you think is your deepest secret
你需要把你认为最最深秘密的秘密拿出来
deepest secret:最深秘密
I mean, that would take more teachers than we've ever had.
我是说， 这个世界可以拥有更多永远有的很多老师
more ever had:更多永远有
and that is: We have run out of money.
那就是：我们已经跑出去的钱了。
run out of money:跑出去的钱
that there's one question in politics at the moment above all other,
在当前，政治上有一个上面所有其他的难题
above all other:上面所有其他
neither our compassion nor our devotion to our country.
更没有衡量我们对祖国的同情和奉献。
compassion:同情
Basking sharks are awesome creatures. They are just magnificent.
姥鲨是一种了不起的生物，它们真是太令人壮观了
magnificent:壮观
and as you can see here, it peaked in the 50s
从这个柱形图你可以很清楚的看到，在50年代捕渔业达到了其达到顶点
peaked:达到顶点
which privileged people like to think is fixed and impermeable,
特权阶层喜欢认定这个界限是固定且 impermeble的，
impermeable:impermeble
OK. Here's the data. They could not be more wrong.
好。这里是研究资料。他们不是更多错误。
not be more wrong:不是更多错误
I didn't know it was out of control. I was totally indifferent.
我不知道实验已经失控了。我完全冷漠。
indifferent:冷漠
Most people are guilty of the evil of inaction,
大多数人对无动之恶感到内疚，
inaction:无动
Path two, you become guilty of the evil of passive inaction.
第二条路：你将因漠不关心无动而内疚。
inaction:无动
and build a story of our behaviors over time.
然后形成建造故事以上时间形成对我们行为的认识。
build a story over time:建造故事以上时间
But before I got to him, I was so lost.
但在我见他之前，我非常那么失去。
so lost:那么失去
I couldn't even speak I was so choked up.
我太激动了，根本窒息高。
choked up:窒息高
So I urge you all to do what you can.
所以我强烈要求你们大家做什么?你可以
do what you can:做什么?你可以
it was through the kindness that strangers were showing me,
我看到了与我陌生人的人展现出来的善良
strangers:陌生人
and playing it over and over and over again.
并对演奏以上及以上及以上又一次。
over and over and over again:以上及以上及以上又一次
incredibly powerful effects that music has had on peoples' lives in unusual situations.
那就是音乐在非常状态下的人身上（残疾／重症病人），所能发生的不寻常的效应。
unusual:不寻常
The third idea I want to share with you is that music, paradoxically,
第三点想法是：我觉得音乐，矛盾地讲地，
paradoxically:矛盾地讲
They observe the action. We've designed these square robots that we're testing right now
他们观察舞台上的是的行动。我们在实验室里设计和测试了这些立方形的
the action:是的行动
or squeezy toy for a child -- the instruments stayed the same and are valuable
又如给孩子们捏音乐的玩具，这些乐器都是留下是的同样的的，
stayed the same:留下是的同样的
just seeing that gave you a small sense of elation and joy --
看到这都会有点喜悦及喜悦
elation and joy:喜悦及喜悦
what Lord Stern and his team did for nature is not that easy.
不那轻松。
not that easy:不那轻松
It's a massive store of carbon, it's an amazing store of biodiversity,
它是巨大的碳储藏室，是让人令人惊奇的生物多样性储藏室，
amazing:令人惊奇
And the amazing thing is these guys were flying.
令人惊讶的是 他们俩飞行
flying:飞行
He said that he had been absolutely convinced that this was necessary --
他说他绝对的确信 这是一个小物理学家
absolutely:绝对
I literally drew on the walls of the trailer,
我字面上说到房车墙面的手绘中,
literally:字面上说
So despite the provocative title, this presentation is really about safety
因此，尽管这个标题看上去有些挑衅性，
provocative:挑衅性
You know, let them fool around with it on their own terms and trust me,
但是，请相信我，让他们上他们自有条款地玩火，
on their own terms:上他们自有条款
Even if you don't know what the parts are,
即便你对这些零件别这样知道，
don't know:别这样知道
that would keep me playing sports and not limit me.
如何可以不限制的运动问题
not limit:不限制
And this is, I hope, a little piece of it.
对于所掌握的，我希望，只是很小片子的它
a little piece of it:很小片子的它
Sony's got this vision back -- to get myself on track --
索尼开阔了眼界，并使我上追踪
on track:上追踪
So, again, this idea of being able to put sound anywhere you want to
因此，希望到控制声音的想法
want to:希望到
So they go into a meeting room, they get together,
他们进入会议室，获得一起，
get together:获得一起
OK, for me the street just raises so many different questions.
对我来说，是的街道会出现层出不穷的问题
the street:是的街道
OK, for me the street just raises so many different questions.
对我来说，大街小巷会出现许多的问题
many:许多
For me, this kind of personifies this connected world,
对我来说这样的以人为本可以带动整个世界
personifies:以人为本
and we'll figure out a way to enable it to inform and infuse
我们会找到一种方法来使其通知及施加
inform and infuse:通知及施加
of early prostate cancer and, by extension, breast cancer,
,,,早期的前列腺癌，以扩展，也包括乳腺癌。
by extension:以扩展
And as it happens, Shakespeare was onto something here,
这里莎士比亚其实上某事
onto something:上某事
the thing we consistently say is, "I could have kicked myself."
总之自我责难：“真想抽自己踢！”
kicked:踢
We live in a world that everyone knows is interdependent,
众所周知，我们生活在一个相互依存彼此依存的世界，
interdependent:相互依存
Even in wealthy countries it is common now to see inequality growing.
即使是在富裕的国家，生长的贫富差距也是变得日渐明显。
growing:生长
but median wages are stagnant and the percentage of working families
但工资中位数却是停滞，贫困线以下的工薪家庭
stagnant:停滞
people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money
谦卑表示的人们只要志同道合，便可以聚集起来
modest means:谦卑表示
people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money
手无寸铁的人们只要乐队一起，便可以聚集起来
band together:乐队一起
Then, the French imposed their brilliantly conceived airline tax
法国人还颁布了他们非常出色所设想的的航空税，
brilliantly conceived:非常出色所设想的
helped them when they were on the verge of destroying each other.
却没能给予他们援助，阻止他们之间的毁灭每个其他。
destroying each other:毁灭每个其他
We're on the grid. We're not proud of it.
我们用电网; 我们不骄傲的它.
proud of it:骄傲的它
but they know something that few people know in a rice culture.
但她们知道一些很少人知道的关于水稻的知识.
few people know:很少人知道
and is replaced with how you feel about things
是替换的是你对东西的感觉
is replaced:是替换
So he stayed up the whole night, writing away,
所以他留下高是的全夜，不停地写东西，
stayed up the whole night:留下高是的全夜
So, like Galois, I stayed up all last night
因此，像伽罗瓦一样，我昨晚留下高所有最后夜
stayed up all last night:留下高所有最后夜
It's all the unanswered questions which make mathematics a living subject.
它们都是未回答的问题，这使数学成为一个鲜活的主题。
unanswered:未回答
have shown that they were grinding grain morning, noon and night.
他们当时早上,中午及夜的碾磨谷物
morning, noon and night:早上,中午及夜
And OK, so you could sex it up and like go to a much more lickable Mac,
没错，我们可以打扮它一下，把它弄得更像可lickble的苹果电脑。
lickable:可lickble
I mean it's point and click, it's like the menus, icons, it's all the kind of same thing.
比如说点击、菜单、图标，一直就是这些东西，同样的事情。
same thing:同样的事情
Nobody had any control over what was actually happening.
对那天所发生的大家没有人有任何控制。
Nobody had any control:没有人有任何控制
but they are more expensive not to. So, we should look at that.
要是没有它们，我们会更多昂贵，所以还是考虑一下吧
more expensive:更多昂贵
and then all of our problems will be solved.
一切问题都会是已解决。
be solved:是已解决
and to see the intricacy of what lies within.
并了解大脑的复杂。
intricacy:复杂
The brain will do more of whatever got that reward.
大脑就会为了奖励做更多的无论如何
do more of whatever:做更多的无论如何
largely because of a kind of a first-mover advantage.
基于首创者优势的原则。
a first-mover advantage:首创者优势
And legend has it that Alexander trekked through this desert.
传说中，亚历山大徒步旅行的穿越沙漠
trekked:徒步旅行
and the changes that are taking place in capital markets.
处于是的改变资本市场
the changes:是的改变
that made such a deep impact on me all those years ago.
这些年来对我深影响的事情
deep impact:深影响
So if I do something that hurts you, I feel that pain.
所以如果我做了一些伤害你的事，我会感觉那痛苦。
feel that pain:感觉那痛苦
Sometimes I startle myself: I'll forget that I have it on,
有时我让自己惊奇。我忘记它是开着的，
startle:惊奇
But anyway, it's just great to see such a full theater,
不论如何，非常荣幸看到完全剧院
a full theater:完全剧院
Because you know, some of the extraordinary things I've experienced
其实，我所经历的一些不可思议的事情
extraordinary:不可思议
Doing whatever you like is now crossing a line.
不过现在你想要做无论如何你如是越界的行为。
Doing whatever you like:做无论如何你如
are just the scum of the Earth on the land --
虽然只是在漫长的进化历程中是的垃圾，
the scum:是的垃圾
and it seems as though everything is quick time, just like technology,
结果似乎是所有的事物都快速时间，
quick time:快速时间
This is something we found in Morocco, an immense animal.
这是我们在摩洛哥发现的不可思议动物。
immense animal:不可思议动物
maybe the next best thing to really being there, or is it?
或许是的下一个最好的事情地真实的存在于此，不是么？
the next best thing:是的下一个最好的事情
So that's a fantastic story, and we all know how it ends.
这是个非常棒的故事，我们都知道最终结局如何。
fantastic:非常棒
and go out as a pack and run that thing to death?
并如包装的出去，追逐这只羚羊，直到它死去？
as a pack:如包装
You can't be hauling all your crap around, trying to chase the antelope.
不能靠运输来捕捉羚羊。
hauling:运输
The pack has got to be able to swallow its ego,
团队必须能吞咽它的自我，
swallow its ego:吞咽它的自我
and this image came out, which caused a huge public outcry at the time.
这张照片公开后受到公众大声喊叫。
outcry:大声喊叫
and I'm fascinated how what you think is real isn't necessarily real.
我对人们是怎样对一些不尽然真实的东西真正的的非常着迷，
real:真正的
All this imagery was creating a lot of fuss
所有的这些图片都造成了很多惊慌。
fuss:惊慌
and I was cited as a disgusting artist. The press were writing about this,
我被评论成一个令人厌恶的艺术家。
disgusting:令人厌恶
you cannot guarantee the security of the African child.
那么孩子的生命也不耐烦保证是的安全
annot guarantee the security:不耐烦保证是的安全
Everyone knows the problem. No one knows what the solutions are.
每个人都知道症结所在，但没人知道解决办法
solutions:解决办法
Technology is a great equalizer. How do we make it work?
科技起的作用伟大的均衡器，我们又是如何利用科技的？
great equalizer:伟大的均衡器
For this to work, this progress must be sustainable.
但关键是，我们必须可 持续地支持这方面事业
sustainable:可 持续
we can change the face of health care in Africa.
非洲的医疗保健水平定将发生改变是的面孔的变化
change the face:改变是的面孔
It's kind of a trade-off between thinking and social.
也许两者是折衷吧
a trade-off:折衷
So, it basically dwarfs, you know, Mount Everest here on Earth.
地球上的珠穆朗玛峰矮人。
dwarfs:矮人
each one looking very different and very odd, and that keeps
每个都奇特，这会让
odd:奇特
The time it was Chris Connor singing "Lush Life" --
当时，这是克里斯康纳唱“盧什的生命” -
Lush:盧什
In the 1980s, the stigmatization of people with the disease
上世纪八十年代，对这种疾病的各种 stigmtiztion
stigmatization:stigmtiztion
We started running very low on food. We were both pretty hungry, losing lots of weight.
我们的食物也正在运行非常低。饥饿让我们体重大为下降。
running very low:正在运行非常低
and I had a ski pole with a Union Jack, you know, flying in the wind.
我手握滑雪杆，上挂英国国旗，你知道，飞行在是的风。
flying in the wind:飞行在是的风
I wanted to go right across, on my own this time,
我准备上我的自有，直接穿越
on my own:上我的自有
So I thought, I've got to compose myself for Troy.
接着我想，我至少应该编写自己，给特洛伊留个好印象。
compose myself:编写自己
I thought, "God, here we go. We're, we're -- this is all or nothing."
我想，“神啊，拼了。我们这个是所有或没什么了。”
this is all or nothing:这个是所有或没什么
we usually hope that one group will behave differently than another.
我们经常希望实验组会表现的和对照组行为不同
behave differently:行为不同
They just have the incentives that get them to be blinded to reality
他们刺激自己是瞎眼到现实
be blinded to reality:是瞎眼到现实
People who were inspired to go down to the streets
人们被激励着走上是的街道
the streets:是的街道
that espouses some of the values you've spoken about so inspiringly?
那么这一政府会接受您刚才令人鼓舞地提出的那些价值观吗？
inspiringly:令人鼓舞
and they are trying to put it on a track
他们正努力使之上追踪
on a track:上追踪
do have to work that hard every day, and that was an eye-opener.
确实需要每天这么辛苦的工作，这真的是让我一个开眼机。
an eye-opener:一个开眼机
While you can hardly move, they're running around having all kinds of fun.
当你几乎没有移动的时候，他们却在到处找乐子。
hardly move:几乎没有移动
goes to its natural place, which was of course,
一切事物都去到它的自然地点,这当然
goes to its natural place:去到它的自然地点
he is right now the best chef in the world
在是的世界上最好的厨师
in the world:在是的世界
Or should I leave the piece intact as it is right now?"
还是保持图像无损
intact:无损
which feeds, or has been feeding, our insatiable appetite
我们令人厌倦食欲的寻找能源和释放能源
insatiable appetite:令人厌倦食欲
So, the idea of changing the world is really quite an extraordinary one.
所以，改变世界的想法的确是不可思议的。
extraordinary:不可思议
And being English, when I first heard that I thought, "What a load of cock."
做为一个英国人，当我第一次听到这些的时候，我想，“真是负载的阴茎啊！”
a load of cock:负载的阴茎
So, it's extraordinary. It's a new world that's very, very difficult to make sense of.
所以，这就是不可思议的。这是一个十分让人难以解释的新世界。
extraordinary:不可思议
I said, "Because Saddam Hussein compared me to an unparalleled serpent."
我说，“因为萨达姆·侯赛因把我比作一条不可比拟的的蛇精。”
unparalleled:不可比拟的
and it's the unfortunate fact that we can't think about any circumstance
不幸的是，任何情况下，当我们想到一些
unfortunate:不幸
but it was painful when this study was run in the 1990s.
但在研究进行的九十年代时，这种方法令人痛苦。
painful:痛苦
which will build new electronic computers, and so forth.
这些新计算机又将会建造新的电子计算机,如此那么例如:
so forth:那么例如:
which is fully self-sustainable from its own revenue streams,
并且要是自力更生的，
self-sustainable:自力更生
to set up a self-sustainable life support ambulance service
一同于卡拉奇创建了一自力更生的救护车服务企业，
self-sustainable:自力更生
Most definitely you don't want to pay the bribe.
你绝对地不想支付这笔赃款。
definitely:绝对
Shaffi Mather: I just have to get through the initial days where I don't get eliminated.
夏菲：获得通过是的初始天，希望不要一开业就马上结业了。
get through the initial days:获得通过是的初始天
The good news is you don't need to be brilliant to be wise.
好消息是，要想成为明智的人你不必英俊。
brilliant:英俊
will give up if they have to swim against the current
也会放弃，如果要他们去游泳反对是的当前
swim against the current:游泳反对是的当前
This kind of wisdom is within the grasp of each and every one of us
这种智慧是我们每一个都都内部是的抓住的，
within the grasp:内部是的抓住
We walked into Walter Reed and I could not have been more wrong.
当我们走进沃尔特里德医院时，我发现自己更多错误了。
more wrong:更多错误
Discuss. Great creativity is astonishingly, absurdly, rationally, irrationally powerful.
讨论一下。伟大的创造力充满让人吃惊的、惊奇地的、理性及非理性的力量。
astonishingly:惊奇地
The least important form of capital, in this project,
最最小的一种资本形式是，
least:最小
And then I'll let you in on a secret, which is why I am an incurable optimist.
而后我会告诉大家一个秘密，就是我为何会成为一个不可避免的的乐观主义者
incurable:不可避免的
How can that not make you feel optimistic for the future?
这样的事情难道不会让你对未来乐观吗？
optimistic:乐观
and to some, the extent, what's a bit infamous
甚至有点不名誉之处
infamous:不名誉
And you have the little nonsense which is left.
您就没有什么好愚蠢的了。
nonsense:愚蠢
stagnated, and where fertilizer use has declined rather than increased.
停滞，而且肥料的使用不但没有增多，反而减少了。
stagnated:停滞
In Africa, small farmers bear the brunt of this risk.
在非洲，小农民们是熊猫是的暴风雨地承受着这种风险。
bear the brunt:熊猫是的暴风雨
This kind of market risk is mind-boggling, and has direct implications
这种市场风险令人令人吃惊，而且
mind-boggling:令人吃惊
or a budding green revolution stopped in its tracks.
或者是一个跳跃的绿色革命被扼杀的例子。
budding:跳跃
But I was exhausted and dog-bitten, and so I said, "No."
我摸着被咬坏的屁股已经疲惫不堪了,我说"我不去了."
exhausted:疲惫不堪
It all collapsed in the 80s and the 90s:
这一切都在八十和九十年代倒塌
collapsed:倒塌
That picture on the left is just staggering to me.
这张照片简直令人震惊
staggering:令人震惊
It would be nonsense to talk about people flourishing
这将是无意义的如果谈论人们的繁荣的
flourishing:繁荣的
But it's also clear that prosperity goes beyond this.
但是繁荣远超过于此也是很清楚的。
prosperity:繁荣
You're making news out of the things that tell you that we're flourishing.
你会以那些告诉你我们是繁荣的的东西来做新闻。
flourishing:繁荣的
is that we also feel very helpless about the amount that we consume,
我们对消费总量也无助，
helpless:无助
And finally, American families also pay a price for oil.
最后，美国的家庭也为石油支付价格。
pay a price:支付价格
Cynthia Schneider: These programs are reaching incredibly deeply into society.
这些节目已经到达令人难以置信深深地进入社会
reaching incredibly deeply into society:到达令人难以置信深深地进入社会
to do a big cleanup operation on Mt. Everest.
在珠峰上做一个清理操作。
cleanup operation:清理操作
that's just a whole bunch of layers of two-dimensional stuff, sort of layered up.
它实际上就是很多重的二维结构的材料层级高
layered up:层级高
that native peoples lived in a state of harmony that we have departed from, to our peril.
也许，远古人们还能状态的和谐，而今人已经做不到这点了
a state of harmony:状态的和谐
or wholesale slaughter." Now, you're all familiar with this treacle.
大家对于这种论调已经熟悉了
familiar:熟悉
a statement like that might seem somewhere between hallucinatory
说是史上最和平的年代，听上去像幻觉
hallucinatory:幻觉
adultery, blasphemy, idolatry, talking back to your parents --
语秽、亵渎、说父母坏话—
blasphemy:亵渎
liable to having its bluff called, and therefore can only work
可被称为布鲁夫，所以只能在其可信的情况下
bluff:布鲁夫
in life, the sense that "there but for fortune go I."
偶然性；“在那儿但为财富去我”的感觉。
there but for fortune go I:在那儿但为财富去我
Point is: there's obviously collaboration and organization going on
但很显然，各种组织与合作很明显着，
obviously:很明显
It's either for the better or for the worse, OK.
你们总是为是的更好，有难同当。
for the better:为是的更好
unless they do something horrendous, regardless of race or religion.
除非他们做了可怕的事情，不论什么种族什么宗教。
horrendous:可怕
and for somewhat the same reasons." That's true understanding.
出于同样的的理由。“这才是真正的理解。
same:同样的
generalize them, pour billions and trillions of dollars into them,
进行推广，再投数十亿及数千亿的钱进去
billions and trillions:数十亿及数千亿
as every single ethnic group now begins struggling to enter the state
每个种族都看是苦战的加入那些国家
struggling:苦战
That we could understand the causality of the mental illnesses.
我们可以了解精神疾病的因果关系
causality:因果关系
This is the most venerable of the happinesses, traditionally.
这在传统意义上是幸福最令人可敬的的部分
venerable:可敬的
Jim took what could have been a straight-up medical science story
小詹让一个原本直直的医疗科学故事
straight-up:直直
She dropped them off, and then they would swim away.
可是只要她一松口，这些企鹅就马上游泳离开
swim away:游泳离开
Every person was looking his way -- where to go, we don't know.
每一人都在找寻出路，我们别这样知道
don't know:别这样知道
They were killing people. They were doing whatever they want
他们屠杀百姓，做无论如何他们希望
doing whatever they want:做无论如何他们希望
This is where the last little nugget of totally unknown territory remains on this planet.
这是地球上完全未知的最后一点儿金地。
unknown:未知
The final missing piece, the real paradigm-buster, is this:
最后一点，真正能 prdigm-buster的是：
paradigm-buster:prdigm-buster
And the most amazing thing that came out of that mission
这项计划最令人惊奇的发现
amazing:令人惊奇
may be a function of some other neurological quirk --
是一种愚蠢的副作用 --
quirk:愚蠢
van Gogh syndrome -- that you have a little bit of, you know, psychosis, or depression.
类似梵高症候群 -- 就是你有一点精神病，或是忧郁症
psychosis:精神病
When I look at all these things that are morally ambiguous and uncomfortable,
当我遇见这些在道德上含糊的，让我感觉不舒服的事件
ambiguous:含糊的
What are things that you get from the universe that you can't really explain?
那些从是的宇宙的灵感又是什么？
from the universe:从是的宇宙
-- I just was with some friends, and we drove randomly to a different place,
我只是和朋友随机地开着车
randomly:随机
no one bought it; no one knew about it; it was a complete and total failure.
没有人购买，没有人知道。它是一个完成及总数失败的发明。
complete and total:完成及总数
and too little time, the obvious thing to do is just ignore stuff.
而时间有限的世界里，无疑我们会对有些东西忽略。
ignore:忽略
It was neat; it was remarkable; and slowly it spread from one person to another person
但正是因为这种面包的巧妙和令人瞩目的，慢慢地它被人口相传
remarkable:令人瞩目的
desperately cares about what it is you have to say.
那些真正地，绝望地关心地愿意听你说话的人。
desperately cares:绝望地关心
And the people who come up with stuff that's remarkable
那些发明令人瞩目的的东西的人
remarkable:令人瞩目的
Because he did something that was at the fringes.
因为他做了一些在是的边界的事。
at the fringes:在是的边界
As you can see, if that's nowhere, it's in the middle of it.
正如你所见，它是在一个无处不在鸟不拉屎的地方
nowhere:无处不在
about all the amazing things I was seeing underwater,
关于我在水下看到的所有令人惊奇的事，
amazing:令人惊奇
it struck me as sort of a crucifixion, if you will.
它有点像耶稣受难像那样让我钉十字架，如果你愿意那么说的话。
crucifixion:钉十字架
If you don't know it already, this is coming.
如果别这样知道，那么我告诉你，这件事正在进行
don't know:别这样知道
in the real environment, everything that's not satisfying about real life,
不令人满意、不能令人满意的东西
not satisfying:不令人满意
But if you immerse them in an epic adventure
但是，如果你让他们着沉浸于一个史诗的经历当中
epic:史诗
This is an amazing story and adventure for you to go on.
这将是你听说的一个美妙的故事和令人惊奇的经历
amazing:令人惊奇
it's not being colored during the day, only at night
在白天，她并非有色，只有晚上这样
colored:有色
because you cannot have empty places during 18 hours a day.
因为你不可能在一个空的地方每天呆18个小时
empty:空
So, this whole event has been an elaborate build-up
因此，今天这个详细的准备的，
elaborate:详细的
and we have to disenthrall ourselves of some of them.
我们不得不从它们中的一些中解散。
disenthrall:解散
"You've been around for 36 months, and this is it?"
“你已经是的四周36个月了，就这些？”
been around:是的四周
and is the major culprit, stealing our children's future,
因为这个正是偷窃我们后代财富的主要罪犯
major culprit:主要罪犯
sales have increased by two-thirds and profits have doubled.
销售额上涨了三分之二，利润有双倍
have doubled:有双倍
Built in a tough neighborhood where people have been given up for dead.
建在一个不耐烦的粗鲁的街区。
tough:不耐烦
I've come to have a much deeper appreciation of who you are
恕我有很多更深赞赏
have a much deeper appreciation:有很多更深赞赏
they grow to twice their size, they cut themselves down in the middle,
在成长到两倍的体积后，它们从中切断他们自己倒下在是的中间
cut themselves down in the middle:切断他们自己倒下在是的中间
exactly matches how much light hits the squid's back,
确切地匹配照射在乌贼背上的光强度
exactly matches:确切地匹配
that are only successful when all of the cells participate in unison.
只有当所有细胞参与在一致才能成功的集体行为。
participate in unison:参与在一致
you're enormous, that would have no effect on you. You're huge.
相对它们来说，你是个巨大的，少量细菌对你不会有任何的影响。
enormous:巨大的
bacteria don't live by themselves, they live in incredible mixtures,
在多数情况下，细菌并不是单独生活的，它们居住的地方是不可思议混合物的，
incredible mixtures:不可思议混合物
I keep getting older and older and they're always the same age,
我自己在不断地变老，但他们却是永远是的同样的年龄，
always the same age:永远是的同样的年龄
it was completely unknown what the purpose of this thing was.
我们对它的目的未知。
unknown:未知
was really to do it slowly and creepy --
是让这一切可怕的事缓慢地发生--
creepy:可怕
All right, let's take a poll, show of hands.
好吧，我们接受投票,展示的手，支持凯西.马丁的请举手
take a poll, show of hands:接受投票,展示的手
All right, we have a good division of opinion here.
分裂的意见平分秋色啊
division of opinion:分裂的意见
All right, we have a good division of opinion here.
正反两方好的分裂啊
good division:好的分裂
But since it is the very nature of a game
但是，文娱运动的本质就是自然的游戏地取乐
nature of a game:自然的游戏
I'm going to talk about why we have to get our shit together,
二，我要谈谈为什么我们必须获得我们的狗屁一起，
get our shit together:获得我们的狗屁一起
and even telling the bad news that no one wants to utter,
告诉他们别人不一个希望到说的坏消息，
no one wants to utter:不一个希望到说
hoping that this time it's not going to collapse upon us.
希望灾难不会倒塌上我们头上。
collapse upon:倒塌上
And then I'm in the control room here, playing back and forth.
而我在控制室， 我们玩背面及例如:。
playing back and forth:玩背面及例如:
There you can see mosquitoes as they fly around, being lit up.
由于有激光照射，大家可以看到蚊子在飞翔四周.
fly around:飞翔四周
it's turning through these amazing sails on the roof,
靠屋顶上那些令人惊奇的帆转动，
amazing:令人惊奇
and extra ants are needed to clean up that mess.
就需要更多的蚂蚁清洁高那混乱。
clean up that mess:清洁高那混乱
that might give some function to a reserve of ants who are doing nothing?
可能会让我们明白那些做没什么的蚂蚁的作用。
doing nothing:做没什么
And this was true for all the pair-wise combinations of tasks.
这个（双向的）结论适用于所有成对组合的工作。
pair-wise:双向
went out in the world for some reason, and became this big,
不知怎么的，成了一本成为这个大、令人激动的国际畅销书
became this big:成为这个大
and you're going to die on a scrap heap of broken dreams
你最后会在破裂的梦想中绝望死去，满含着失败的痛楚
broken:破裂
with your mouth filled with bitter ash of failure?"
你最后会在灰尘的梦想中绝望死去，满含着失败的苦痛
ash:灰尘
But to be fair, chemical engineers as a group
当然，到是公平，化学工程师这一群体
to be fair:到是公平
But we don't even blink when we hear somebody say this
但我们对此类说法却别这样甚至闪烁，因为我们早已见怪不怪了
don't even blink:别这样甚至闪烁
But we don't even blink when we hear somebody say this
但我们对此类说法却视若无睹，因为我们早已别这样甚至闪烁了
don't even blink:别这样甚至闪烁
this notion that creativity and suffering are somehow inherently linked
这种观念就是：创造力和痛苦自然而然连结，艺术创造最终一定会导致极度苦闷
inherently linked:自然而然连结
and that artistry, in the end, will always ultimately lead to anguish.
这种观念就是：创造力和痛苦领导到，艺术创造最终一定会导致极度苦闷
lead to:领导到
And in these instances, the poem would come up on the page perfect and intact
每当这种时候，诗会完美及无损地呈现在纸上
perfect and intact:完美及无损
So when I heard that I was like -- that's uncanny,
我听了她的故事后，心想：太怪异了，这和我的创作过程一模一样！
uncanny:怪异
And how are we to relate to it in a way that will not make us lose our minds,
我们要以怎样的方式看待它，才不会失去我们的思想呢？
lose our minds:失去我们的思想
that comes into his head as inspiration often comes, elusive and tantalizing,
这旋律莫名地进入他的脑海，就像灵感来临时那样，难以捉摸而诱人心弦
elusive:难以捉摸
and then I'm going to be haunted by this song forever.
“我就要失去这个灵感了，然后这首曲子会永世是被追踪地折磨我”
be haunted:是被追踪
Not the work, the work was still oftentimes as dark as ever.
不是作品变了，他的作品仍是如永远的黑暗
as ever:如永远
Because you can see that I am putting everything I have into this,
“因为你可以看到，我已经为之放一切我有毫无保留了”
putting everything I have:放一切我有
In Spain, when a performer has done something impossible and magic,
在西班牙，当一个表演者完成了某种不可能的神奇之举时
impossible:不可能
if you never happened to believe, in the first place,
如果你本来就从不曾认为，那在是的首先地点的艺术作品完全来源于你
in the first place:在是的首先地点
that the most extraordinary aspects of your being came from you.
如果你本来就从不曾认为，那不可思议的艺术作品完全来源于你
extraordinary:不可思议
from some unimaginable source for some exquisite portion of your life
如果你认为它们是某种神奇的存在，只是暂时借你一用，给你带来优美的作品
exquisite:优美
but half a baby or half a computer is less useful than
但是，半个婴孩或半台电脑则少有用的
less useful:少有用的
I don't need to say this, but vaccines are essential.
我本不需要讲这个的，但疫苗确实是重要的的。
essential:重要的
And that was a real gift you gave this audience.
你给听众们的演说真的真正的礼物
a real gift:真正的礼物
worth of gold out of California. It was very real.
这可是非常真正的的
very real:非常真正的
Half of them deserted to go look for gold.
一半人沙漠化去淘金了
deserte:沙漠化
And you know, without the smell that would have accompanied that,
虽然没有那些伴随的气味
accompanied:伴随
First of all, this got installed upside down. This light socket --
首先，它组装的上边倒下。这个电灯插座——
upside down:上边倒下
But the good thing is, with innovation, there isn't a last nugget.
不过，值得高兴的是，通过创新，黄金将会不是最后坚果
isn't a last nugget:不是最后坚果
Our core project is a rather ambitious folly --
而我们的核心项目是一个相当宏伟的愚蠢式的工程
folly:愚蠢
And it's not a mine. This would be a nuanced evocation
这里不是一个矿井，这是一个细微的的鬼魂召唤,
nuanced:细微的
because you know they're going to end up getting messed up?
因为你知道他们的生活可能最后会获得混乱高？
getting messed up:获得混乱高
and that's the example that everyone here will be aware of,
这个例子在座的各位都是知道的，
be aware of:是知道的
There is no equivalent of the Al-Qaeda, without the terrorism,
在以穆斯林为主的社会中，没有恐怖组织，没有能和基地组织等价的，
equivalent:等价
It isn't when the shiny new tools show up
也不是要等到展示高的新技术闪亮登场，
show up:展示高
and donations were pouring in from all around the world.
从全球注水在的捐款。
pouring in:注水在
you can solve the problems of poverty in the world.
世界的贫困问题也将解决
solve:解决
which is the fourth highest mountain in the world, but it's dwarfed by Everest.
洛子峰是世界上第四高的山峰，但和珠穆朗玛峰相比，还是矮人了。
dwarfed:矮人
He was exhausted, and Rob was staying with him.
他已经疲惫不堪了。Rob就呆在他的身边。
exhausted:疲惫不堪
We really had no idea what was going on during that storm.
我们真的对暴风中的一切有不想法。
had no idea:有不想法
He called in to say that he was alone now.
他打电话进来，告诉我们说他现在是是独身。
was alone:是独身
He's collapsed in the snow here. Everything is quiet,
他瘫在了雪中。一切都变得安静。
quiet:安静
Soldiers sitting in the corner of a sandbag wall, shaking and screaming.
士兵们在沙袋护墙的角落里坐着在是的角，颤抖着，惊叫着。
sitting in the corner:坐着在是的角
When I said earlier, to try and tell a story from the inside out, versus the outside in --
我之前说过，试着深层次的讲述一个故事，而不是是的外面--
the outside:是的外面
? Me and you, hustling through, holding on through thick and thin, ?
我们抢劫通过,
hustling through:抢劫通过
can breathe a little extra life into a dying trend.
能够向一个死亡的潮流里注入额外的生命.
dying:死亡
And nobody seems to be making a fuss about it.
似乎没有人为此制造惊慌。
making a fuss:制造惊慌
And my dream is we'll have a world one day
我的梦想是，一个一天
one day:一个一天
So I know a little about drawing and analyzing faces.
所以我对绘画和分析脸孔还是知道很小的。
know a little:知道很小
the monkey is performing it flawlessly -- never fails.
这只猴子可以把它执行地毫无瑕疵地。
flawlessly:毫无瑕疵地
and so you felt you were absolutely there at the moment.
让你觉得完全是感觉你是绝对在那儿在是的那一刻。
felt you were absolutely there at the moment:感觉你是绝对在那儿在是的那一刻
I swam as hard as I could for five minutes.
我很困难游了五分钟。
hard:很困难
and I can't feel my hands after five minutes,
而我在五分钟后手就不能感觉，
can't feel:不能感觉
All of us together, we're all on the same ship together.
我们所有的人都要上是的同样的船一起。
on the same ship together:上是的同样的船一起
and it's going to be a bit of a varied talk.
并且，这将是一次有点多变的演讲。
varied:多变
and when people deliver and when they don't and why.
以及他们提供或缄口不语的原因是什么。
deliver:提供
By the way, this was always done in public.
别忘了，这都是要在在公众面前完成的。
in public:在公众
We know the great lines, we know the great moments,
我们都知道那些伟大的的话，知道那些让我们感到荣耀的时刻，
great:伟大的
the more entrenched that person, that outer person was.
这种束缚就越发的坚固。
entrenched:坚固
by the way, I would have proposed to her; she was extraordinary --
顺便说一句，我没准真会向她求婚，她是那么的不可思议——
extraordinary:不可思议
a wonderful, talented film director who is with us tonight.
一位有才华的导演，他今晚也在场
talented:有才华
For a young man to really make it out here,
一个年轻人要想做它出去，
make it out:做它出去
you got to think of some negative things and all that,
就不得不寻找负
negative:负
that you've all been talking about, I was thrown for a complete loop.
你们都在谈论的那些东西，着实让我完成循环
a complete loop:完成循环
going back and forth over a couple of weeks' period.
在几个星期的时间里去背面及例如:
going back and forth:去背面及例如:
But on the outside it does scream out at you a bit.
从外部它是有点尖叫出去
scream out:尖叫出去
They know perfectly well, but they have no other choice.
他们明白环境重要，但是他们有不其他选择
have no other choice:有不其他选择
that used something that was readily available on the local level.
能可用上是的本地水平
available on the local level:可用上是的本地水平
to harness this waste resource and turn it into a fuel
操纵这个废物资源及转动它进入燃料
harness this waste resource and turn it into a fuel:操纵这个废物资源及转动它进入燃料
So this is a project that I just find extremely exciting,
所以这个项目最非常令人兴奋了
extremely exciting:非常令人兴奋
And we're a pretty small staff, which is me.
而且我们很漂亮小工作人员，就我一个光杆司令
a pretty small staff:很漂亮小工作人员
as -- you know, you can't expect to get something done in a year or two years;
不可能期望到获得某事已完成在年份或两岁月
expect to get something done in a year or two years:期望到获得某事已完成在年份或两岁月
And by -- tacitly, all of us send our kids,
我们大家都隐秘地的把子女、
tacitly:隐秘地
they go up and down, just like if they're on a diet of crack.
就会像长期食用可卡因一样上饮食的裂缝。
on a diet of crack:上饮食的裂缝
And then, at one in the afternoon, they're totally crashing.
到了中午一点，他们已经累得坠毁。
crashing:坠毁
I was at the office; my desk was clean;
我在办公室，办公桌清洁；
clean:清洁
for the bottom billion, so that they actually catch up.
从而使最底层的10亿人可以捕获高。
catch up:捕获高
literally becoming part of the fabric of the city.
字面上说地成为城市织物的一部分（译者注：fabric这里有双重含义：织物；建筑构筑）
literally:字面上说
This may shock you, but we're literally reading this person's brain in real time.
也许你会觉得不可思议，但我们现在正即时且”字面上说”地读这个人的大脑。
literally:字面上说
societies today that may be close to collapse, such as Nepal, Indonesia and Columbia.
还有一些是接近到倒塌的社会，比如：尼泊尔、印度尼西亚、哥伦比亚。
be close to collapse:是接近到倒塌
declining or collapsing in the way that so many past societies have?
以史为鉴，我们应当如何避免下降或倒塌在是的路面那那么许多过去社会有呢？
declining or collapsing in the way that so many past societies have:下降或倒塌在是的路面那那么许多过去社会有
a competitive-ranked chiefly society; and their scorn for the Inuit,
作为一个极其具有竞争地位的的社会，他们瞧不起因纽特人，
competitive-ranked:具有竞争地位的
being different, every collapsed or endangered society is different --
同样的道理，每一个崩溃或者倒塌的社会都是不同的。
collapsed:倒塌
not perceive their impacts on the environments and stop in time?
那些社会怎么可能没有察觉到自己对环境的影响，进而停止？
stop:停止
It seems incredible in the past. In the future, it'll seem
回顾历史，我们发现那帮人不可思议。但在后人看来，
incredible:不可思议
incredible what we are doing today. And so I've been
我们似乎同样也不可思议。鉴于此，
incredible:不可思议
a competitive rank society -- what the chiefs really wanted
那是一个极其竞争性的社会，那个社会的首领们最想要的，
competitive:竞争性
strongly held values that are good in many circumstances
强烈地被保留的价值观时。有时，这种坚定的价值观是必须的，
strongly held:强烈地被保留
about to crash into us, something we can do nothing about.
小行星撞地球，如果是那样，我们倒的确只能做没什么关于。
do nothing about:做没什么关于
Shamelessly cheap is something, I think -- this will wake you up.
无耻的低俗是，我觉得，绝对能把你叫醒的
Shamelessly:无耻
and then I got into this terrible fight between the art director and the editor saying:
之后我被卷进艺术总监和总编的一场可怕的争论中
terrible:可怕
I finally chickened out and did it for the sake of the authenticity of the shoe.
但是我最后还是吃鸡肉出去了，为了保证这个鞋的本真性
chickened out:吃鸡肉出去
If they don't have any damage, they go to the grocery.
如果它们别这样有任何损害，则会被售往杂货店。
don't have any damage:别这样有任何损害
and we see insects as these organisms that are very different from us.
我们视昆虫，这些生物与我们非常不同。
very different:非常不同
So, naturally, I had my vest and my identification.
因此，我自然地穿着背心和工作证去看医生
naturally:自然
So, an astrolabe is relatively unknown in today's world.
在当今时间，星盘的存在已未知了。
unknown:未知
They have these wacky, cool, crazy, brilliant ideas, and
他们有可笑,凉爽,疯狂,英俊的点子，
wacky, cool, crazy, brilliant:可笑,凉爽,疯狂,英俊
You can count the number of restaurants in the county
县里的餐馆数量可以计数是的数目
can count the number:可以计数是的数目
and I wanted her to tell all of you what makes her a distinctive athlete.
我想让她告诉你们所有人是什么使她成为了辨别性的运动员。
distinctive:辨别性
So to be clear, what I really am suggesting here
到是清楚，在此我想说的是
to be clear:到是清楚
And to write a new operating system was not a capricious matter.
在当时写一个新的操作系统并不是一个 cpricious的事情，
capricious:cpricious
